Product looks like it would function well, mounts well, easy to read, easy to calibrate.  However, there is too much interference so we always get an interference message.  Each time we calibrate the compass it works for a minute then the compass readings are all wrong.  Not good for our SUV.
I purchased this for a kayak and found it to be unsatisfactory for that use.  The locking mechanism does not retain the gps unit when bumped.  For light duty use in a vehicle it might be fine.
item fits all sizes of iPods, but it uses an adjustable arm to do so, which does not look like it will survive extended usage. The item doesn't even work, anyway. No charge, no radio transmission. Fresh out of the box too. We are looking into our car charger to more fully explore the nature of the problem, but had i known about the "adjustability" factor earlier, i wouldn't have bought this item.
Not as adjustable as the etrex mount, but works for me. It has the same base as the etrex mount, in fact - I didn't have to peel off the etrex base to snap in the holder for my 76Csx; just popped the etrex one out, gpsmap one going in.Kind of pricey for what you get, but if you want/need one, you don't have many manufacturers (2) that makes a mount. A RAM mount would be an alternative, but I couldn't tell if they had temporary adhesive disks like garmin. So I went with Garmin.
This unit is a very basic one that mounts on the dash or else where by adhesive patch. One patch is supposed to be a temperary one and that works just like junk. If it gets very hot in the car the whole thing comes down. I had to the resort to the permanent mount which I really didn't want to do. But that work just fine and was just used on a 2500 mile trip tp Yellowstone NP. I would not purchase another one like this, even though it did the job. Under other conditions it probably would have been just right for the job.
The stickers don't stick on regula dash, I like the ability to screw mount these though. I did not mount like I was suppsed to but over all still happy with the mount.
I ordered this holder but it didn't fit my Garmin. It was well made andand I suspect that it would have a long life. I returned itusing Amazon's return policy.
This is NOT the friction mount needed for a Nuvi.You want #10908, which doesn't require buying an extra part.  They are about the same price.When it says "for Garmin GPS units" that is misleading.  Buy the one that says "for Nuvi & SP."Maybe this one works for OTHER Garmin GPS units, but you don't want it for Nuvi.
Beanbag is okay but it is a little light for the 7200. It would probably be great for the smaller GPS.
I thought it would be easy to find a goose neck adapter for this beanbag.My garmin nuvi 770 did not come with the adapter just the suction cup window mount. I found a tape down mount that comes with the goose neck I needed for about $20 so I now have the bean bag with the goose neck adapter and an extra tape down mount I don't realy need. The ad for the bean bag says the adapter comes with the Nuvi but It doesn't always.The suction cup mount won't work with the bean bag.
This base can't be used without the mount so why doesn't the company include it. I didn't read the description carefully enough and had to reorder the mounting piece before I could use it.  When I had both pieces it works great and holds the GPS in place well on the dash.
This friction mount does not work for garmin streetpilot i5 even though the description says it works for streetpilot model in general.  I am giving it a 3 star because the product seems to be well built, but no field test though.  I returned this and bought the other model of the friction mount.
WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! This does NOT include the mounting arm for your particular GPS unit. You MUST purchase the automotive mounting bracket with arm that matches your GPS-even though the product discription says it will work with "x" GPS!
This mount works great and is a lifesaver if you don't want a permanent mount but live in a state where windshield mounts are illegal.  If you travel a lot, it is bulky and heavy however.  A suction mount is a better alternative for heavy travelers.
I have a Garmin GPS so have the dashboard mount.  Wanted to move the GPS more easily and did not want it on window or stuck to dashboard.  Beware! The joystick mount piece that comes with GPS does not fit into the base of the beanbag. It is too big.  Order the beanbag with the mount.
This mount is very convenient and easy to use, but it slides quite a bit.It can be distracting and dangerous as once the whole unit fell in my lap while driving.
This is the second mount for my SP3.  The first wore out since the support legs seem to have some lead in them and the bending of the legs caused the lead to separate inside the mount cover which made the mount unstable.  This mount is identical which leads me to believe that the design has not changed in several years. The mount slides around on contoured dashes, so be ready to catch your nav device if you need to make any sudden manuvers like when pulling out of a toll both which has several lanes feeding into a few.  My SP3 is larger , heavier and more awkward than most of the recent Garmin products, thus the newer products may not slide around as much.  I put up with the so-so mount because I really like my good old SP3 (Street Pilot 3 color map).
Caution:  This is the bean-bag only (010-10306-00).  It does not include the little hook-shaped gizmo with the ball on the end.  [Please excuse my highly technical terminology!].  I had to learn my lesson the hard way by returning the wrong item and having to pay for 2nd day shipping as we were about to leave on vacation.If you want the entire kit, be sure to order product code 010-10908-00.
I bought this for our Nuvi 350 after reading reviews on this site. However, when I received it I realized I needed another part (correct arm for mount) to make it fit.  I believe this is a great mount but be sure and buy the exact version for the GPS you have.  After a lot of searching, have located the part number and have ordered the solution, but way more trouble than necessary.
First of all make sure you understand that this is the bean bag only and the mount arm that comes with the Garmin gps will not work with it and you cannot buy the mount arm seperately. The bag works ok, I have a Chevy Silvarado pickup and the dash is sloped. The bag does slide forward once in a while and will definately slide forward if you slam on the brakes.It would be nice if Garmin included some sort of adjustable hook that would fit over the front of the dash that would keep it from sliding forward.
I bought this friction mount for my NUVI 360 so I could move it between my cars and my work truck. I also have a problem with the windshield mount. In the Summer when the windshield gets hot it falls off.The friction mount works good in my wife's car and in my van. However, in my work truck (which havs a GVW of 24000 lbs) when I place it on the slanted dashboard it tends to slide when I hit bumps on the road. I had to construct a wire holder to hold it inplace so I don't have to keep retreiving it from the front of the dash after it slides. I think it is a little to light to hold my NUVI. But in my regular vehicles it does work quite well.
The bracket itself is reasonably well-designed, offering enough degrees of freedom in how it can be adjusted. So, it's somewhat useful. However, the adjusting knobs on mine seem to need frequent re-tightening, as the assembly rattles when they loosen. Also, the temporary adhesive pads appear to be pretty useless in summer: the adhesive melts in the sun and the bracket falls off, leaving a gooey mess.
The power supply wiring is pretty obvious. However the two data wires not a clue as to where they go. The package had no instructions what so ever. I also purchased the mount for the same GPS at the same time and it came with loads of instructions in a variety of languages, instructions that were very basic and not necessary. Not like Garmin with the inconsistent packaging.
I live in the Hollywood Hills, and I have trouble both keeping the GPS signal, and receiving accurate data. At Mt. Hollywood, the unit said I was at 1440 feet whereas the surveyor mark said 1620. THe mileages were off at the Hollywood reservoir about one tenth mile for each mile (bur strangely, the total mileage was correct.I'm thinking of returning the unit, but may not.  The improved version will probably be much better. But who can wait?UPDATE 3-24-04....I decided to keep the watch, in spite of its shortcomings. I ran with the device this morning. It was a little foggy, so the GPS was able to work for maybe 1/3 of the time. So if I get lost wearing the watch, it better be a clear day, away from trees and mountains. Just be aware you can't depend on it if you're lost in the woods. Still, you won't find a better runner's GPS watch for the price. By the way, they just released an updated version of this watch with WAAS, a feature that gices more accuracy when you have a GPS connection.
This device is great when it works.  It frequently has difficulty picking up a signal (you must be at the top of a hill)and occasionally stops tracking/timing (reasons unknown).  If you are walking or running in the woods or on a tree-lined street, forget it.  Battery charging and life is excellent.
This device is great at giving time and distance. However I often found the pace times to be a little off. I also had trouble getiing a strong signal. The computer software included is great it allows you to look at past workouts very easily and displays everything in an easy to read format on your computer. It also saves all of you workouts.
I had to send this back because it does not have a USB connection.  Therefore it did not hook into my computer and I had to upgrade to a different watch.
I have had my Forerunner for over a year now. What my experience has been:1)Works better when battery is fully charged. After 2 hrs I lose signal strength to the point of the GPS not seeing part of my run.2)It is not been very accurate . However, the unit was more reliable during the first couple months of owning it.3)Do not try to use in wooded areas ,trees interfere with the signal to the satellites.4)Battery efficiency drops off very fast after the 1st 6-10 charges.Like most modern day gadgets needed to be perfected before releasing to the market.
You cannot change the latitude/longitude to any other type like MGRS (etc). On the Garmin forerunner 101 you can. I was under the impression when i purchased this item that you can.
For the first little while I loved the Garmin Forerunner. I thought the Info it gave me was terrific. I couldn't believe how great it was. It was a dream.But as of late, it is giving me different distances for the exact same course.And not just.02 or something. Big Distance descrepancies. I have had a 1.9 course tell me 2.77 the next time. A 4.25 one time and 4.97 the next. That is just too much difference. That makes the training partner, and your training log use-less, or wrong. It is great if you get the correct info. I don't understand how it can get that far off. I have not lost signal before, even on a tree covered trail. So no complaint there. I keep connection, it just gives me weird info.When it works, I love it. I love the Data it stores. Of course I can't believe a company who makes high tech gadgets can't get a better cable to hook into your computer. I still haven't gotten it to work. It is a pain.Over-all, when the watch is working it is a 5 Star watch. When it isn't, it is use-less.(Well, pretty use-less) I am pretty easy to please, but the diferent distances is too much. A half mile difference on a four mile run is more than I can be happy with. Also, the strap cuts off circulation in my wrist, even when it's not too tight. And the Velcro snags on my Climalite running shirts. Can't they make a band that isn't velcro?I will still continue to use it. I just hope I get better info in the future. Maybe it is something I am doing wrong.But I would recommend it if you don't mind a runs distance being off every so often.
I am disappointed with this product.  It was recommended by a friend who raved about it.  I was having problems before the warranty was up.  My error I still did not send it in for service.  The calories & weight did not stayed stored in the custom profile.  I think for the $ you spend for this watch you should have a decent product. In addition to the keeping the calories & weight stored, the screen goes blank for no reason. I know I had charged the battery prior to using!
I have had this device for about 5 months now.After running a race, the Garmin displayed 8:22 pace,when in fact it was 8:38 pace. I have run a 3.5 mile race and at the end it display 3.75 miles. This was in a completely open sky run, no trees or buildings. This unit continuously makes errors because it looses the satellites. It thinks it is somewhere it isn't, so it says you ran to that spot and back so a runner can go to speeds of 24+ miles an hour, this really messes up your avg pace. when it looses a signal your pace slows wayyyyyyyy down 10:45 pace then all of a sudden your flying 7:33 pace. I dont think this unit is useful in a race because when you think your almost done you find yourself with another 1/4 mile to go. That really hurts after you already put your kick in.The only thing this really is good for is pacing yourself in training and trying to improve your speed. The virtual partner is great. The interval training is great.Alot of these problems that are occuring with this unit can be solved with better firmware programming. Hopefully Garmin finds value in the unit and improves the preformance of the unit. I am looking forward to the improvements.The firmware version is 3.3
Worked well in wide open spaces but easily lost GPS signal if running on trails or in city. Also, battery stopped charging after 11 months. Would've expected more longevity but not a bad product for someone trying a GPS for the first time.
When it works the watch is great.  However, I live in a city and if I get a satellite signal within 5 minutes I'm lucky. The watch then  constantly loses signals is inaccurate.  When running on a course that has very few trees or tall buildings, the unit is excellent. So buyer beware. If you live in a city or run on a course that is wooded, the watch may not work well.
I do like this GPS training gadget, but a warning for other buyers: it works very poorly for me on trail running in the forest, which is 80% of my running. It just couldn't catch and hold a signal. On road running it was great; I agree with all the pros listed by other reviewers. I'm going to keep it, especially for training for 5 and 10K runs; but I wish it worked in the forest; I'd love to know how far I'm really running on the trails.
While I like the features, any potential buyer should know that the Forerunner has problems tracking satellites in cities (e.g., New York City), presumably because of the buildings, so the GPS functionality is not reliable everywhere.  I've also had problems out West in the desert with no buildings around.  If you're finicky about your GPS, I would wait for the next generation.
Overall I'm happy with the product, as it's great to have a device that I can use to time my runs (I don't have a watch with a timer on it).  However, it sometimes takes quite awhile to link up with the satellite, so the pace and mileage aren't as accurate as they could be.  Also, there's a weak GPS signal more than I'd like, which also conflicts with pace and mileage.  This is a great product if you run only in very open areas with nothing that could conflict with the GPS signal.
I bought this unit trying to be cheap.  I thought it would get me from point A to point B, but all it has is an arrow with a dot.  As long as you have the arrow pointint to the dot, you'll get there.  I also had to by expensive software to run the unit.  If you are looking to get a GPS unit to get you places, this unit is not for you.  By the time you buy the unit and the necessary software, buy to one that cost more and tells you turn for turn on how to get somewhere.
This is a great little device at a great price. It holds its charge pretty well, has decent memory and screen, etc.Now, the real evaluation.This GPS seems to work fine most of the time in clear areas, but loses GPS signal on occasion - maybe a little too often. I could understand this if you're running in a city, but I run along the bay in San Diego and there's not much there to block signals except for a few palms trees (Am I missing something here?).When it regains signal, it predicts where it should be and skips  to that distance -- but sometimes very suspectly.  On rare occasion it gets completely fooled and displays a completely wrong distance. For example, it once calculated a known 2.0 mile distance as 1.1 miles, but on the U turn distance back, it correctly calculated 2.0 on that leg.On another particularly bad day, I placed it in my shorts pocket as I ran, and it calculated a 10 mile distance as approx. 19 miles. (That was great -- I averaged about a 4:30 min mile for 19 miles.. I guess it's Olympics time.)  Hence, I wouldn't plan on putting it in your pocket.To wrap this up, if I had to guess I'd say it works fine 90+ percent of the time.  I think it could use a better receiver, but I'm still glad I have it.
Works, I guess. But who uses "serial ports" anymore? Didn't they go out with bellbottom pants? Able to work with a little fussing, but initially had problems because you have to push REALLY hard (really), to get the serial connector to connect to the point where it all works to upload your data to the computer. There's an intermediate insertion point where you think, "Yes, I have it in all the way; it clicked and everything...", but you don't. Push REALLY hard (really) and it clickes in a little further, and then the unit communicates with the computer. YMMV...
When it works, it's terrific.  Problem is that it's inconsistent in picking up GPS satellite.  I start my runs from the same location every time and the 201 varies in its pickup of signal even though it's the same time, same location, same weather.  Some days it works without a hitch -- and on other days, it will not pick up a signal even though it had no problem the day before.  It will drop the GPS in the middle of a run in inconsistent places (again, I generally run the same route), and when it finally picks it up again it can misjudge the mileage by up to a half-mile.  I know it's not top-of-the-line, but I would expect a company with Garmin's reputation to provide a better product.  I'm hoping the 205 does a better job.
For the price, its hard to beat this device.  It's lightweight and comfortable to wear and when it works its great.I wanted the GPS so that I could run in new locations and know exactly how far I am going. On many occassions, the thing works like a charm and I've been able to create new routes with an accurate estimate of mileage.  However, the Garmin does lose its signal fairly frequently -- as a result its stops keeping track of the miles you have covered.  It does this often in overcast conditions or in wooded areas.  It is very frutrasting to be running and realize that the unit is no longer tracking your distance.This condition also makes using the Garmin useless as a log of your runs. You can't add back the miles, so your log is always inaccurate.  Back to the good old pen and paper.
I purchased this product and, before my first use of it, I had to send it back to the manufacturer for repair.  The unit I received didn't work right.  Maybe I had a bad luck.  It may be a software problem and hopefully it will be corrected soon.I feel the unit is a bit bulky.  The display font is large and bulky, too.  The wrist band is unnecessarily large, thick and, again, bulky.My hope is the nice functions of this unit will cover all these negative comments.
I love the forerunner 201.  I've used one for over 2 years to track my runs.  I can keep track of my pace, distance, calories burned, and even keep a record of bike trips.  Unfortunately, Garmin hasn't updated the device to allow me to connect this newly purchased forerunner with my 2008 computer.  Their customer service department has been unable to help me with the problem and I may be forced to return this device and purchase something that is compatible with my computer.
I like this device. In theory it's very helpful-lets you know how far you've run, gives you your mile pace(with about a 30 sec delay), logs past workouts, etc, etc.  However, it doesn't always work.  I always begin my runs without it registering a GPS signal, after about 10 min it picks one up and inevitably loses it again at some time during the run.  So, it's not entirely accurate.  I live in Chicago, so I know there is a lot of obstruction and that GPS signals are very weak, but I was expecting a little more out of this device.
This is one of the models of GPS seen on CNN and Soldier of Fortune Magazine. Usually gracing our Special Forces troops carbines. Nice little GPS unit that gives a lime green backlit map and lat/long information. Can hold enough points for a mission and still be out of the way when not needed.Rugged and can take some knocking about. I rated it a little lower due to not taking AA batteries though. This needs to have a wall charger and a data cable to transfer power and information.Rubber buttons do not crack in the cold and water splashes did not harm this unit. Velcro wristband will collect dirt and catch on other Velcro items though.Great to strap to a backpack and mark points or as a backup to a primary GPS. Battery lasts a long time on a charge.....many days if you only turn it on and mark a point. Not very long if you use it while running or constantly.Basic features and night vision compatible screen. (Will not look wierd through night vision devices like color displays sometimes do.)Looks high speed mounted to your favorite M-4 carbine.
I like having this along with me while I run.  The only thing that I miss in this model (as opposed to the 301)is that when you input your personal data it isn't as specific as the 301.  It's more general in nature. Example, age, M/F,height....these are not available on the 201.  Also, it takes a slight time longer to obtain the GPS signal.
In the Washington DC area, where I live, the Forerunner 201 performs well. The only place I encounter weak signals is typically near taller buildings, and I can adjust my jogging route to avoid them. For biking and running this device is very useful.But Garmin can do a better job.Garmin makes it possible to download run/bike data to your PC and map it, but only if you figure out how to do it on your own. You would think that Garmin would make it easy for people to download data and overlay their route on a map, but the company doesn't.You will need to get information from other users (a good source is the Forerunner 201 mailing list on Yahoo) and help from Web sites, such as the gpsvisualizer.com, as well as other third party tools. You will need to figure out how to split the xml files on the Garmin, which gpsvisualizer will help you do.What is Garmin thinking? It ought to make it easy for users - even if you have to go out and buy the maps and additional software - to have some fun and map this data on satellite images and roadmaps. But there is nothing in the 34-page owner's manual that discusses how to do this. Why is that?Frankly, for a first-time GPS users like myself it's very difficult to figure out how to do this using third party tools. And I'm not interested in turning into a GPS geek just to get additional practical value out of this tool.The free download software that Garmin provides for collecting run data is so rudimentary it reminds me of a Windows 3.1 program, the beta shareware version. It's primitive. Offering a bare minimum number of features was obviously the design goal. You couldn't make it easy to split xml files? Why was that?My bottom line: Don't get me wrong. This device really works for me and is a great jogging/biking aid. I've also been able to figure out how do some mapping with the track data, and have printed some of my DC jogging routes  on satelitte images. Way cool. Was it frustrating to learn to do this? -- You bet, and it's still not up my level of satisfaction. I want to be able to use this data easily and on maps loaded on my PC. This isn't a minor complaint. It's a major one.What do I want? I want to be able to go to click on an Amazon link that says: "For mapping software and maps that work with your Garmin Forerunner 201, click here and buy this." That's it. Can't we make this simple?If you're not in a rush to buy this, I'd be tempted to wait until a new version comes out. Will Garmin realize that mapping this data might be useful to the product's owners? Garmin needs to recognize that the people who buy this product aren't likely to be GPS nuts or adept PC users, but everyday runners/bikers who want good data and have a simple way to map it so they can review their routes.If Garmin can get its act together with the Foreman 201 and understand it's potential buyers,then this product line might get some serious mass market adoption.
Like the information it provides when you download the information but takes too long to sync with gps satellites.  I would have like to have a usb connection instead of db-9 serial connection.
The unit is great, but it's too finicky about picking up GPS signals.While I'm running around Cambridge/Boston, MA, it NEVER picks up a signal.Okay, maybe that's understandable in an urban area.  But it doesn't pick upa signal on the bridges between Cambridge and Boston, either.  These arelong bridges, particularly the Harvard bridge, with no suspensionstructure, nothing above the road except clear blue sky, but no GPS signalpicked up during the four minutes or so it takes to run across them.Conversely, it picked up a signal just fine when I mistakenly left itturned on while in my back-pack, in my house, in Woburn, MA, a suburbanarea.  Go figure.How do car-mounted GPS units work in cities?  Do they rely more upon thecar's known speed/direction to use dead-reckoning along the road?  Or didGarmin make compromises in the GPS signal handling in this unit to make itfit on a wrist?Other (minor) issues:The manual is badly written.  For every option, it explicitly spells outthe required button presses in painful details.  The unit actually handlesmenus very consistently: two buttons to scroll through the options; onebutton to select the highlighted option (which may take you to a childsub-menu); one button to back-out of a menu, to go to the parent menu.  Themanual should have described this menu navigation scheme once, and then notrepeated it for every option, instead using the space to describe theoptions in a little more detail.The unit certainly knows the current date and time, as it's encoded in theGPS signal, and it can be set to display the current time, but there's noway to make it display the current date.  That would have been useful.It would be nice to turn off the GPS capabilities temporarily, for examplewhen you're in your basement den reviewing your past runs, and don't wantto be bothered by the warnings about a weak GPS signal.
I bought this back in September and raved about it to everyone I know that runs.  The Forerunner was an excellet tool for tracking my run distances and training progress.At times, I was annoyed by how long it would take to acquire a GPS signal.  It wasn't too bad, as it gave me an excuse to stretch.The joy of my Forerunner 201 ownership came to a screeching halt as I was waiting at the starting line of a half-marathon last weekend.  About 10 minutes before the race, I turned on the Forerunner, allowing ample time to acquire a GPS signal.  After about 3 minutes, I looked down and saw that it was still trying to acquire the signal...however, the signal strength bar was not moving.  The race started, and the bar was in the same position.  At that point, I knew it was not to be, so I put the Forerunner in my pocket and was unable to use during the run.  After the run, still in the same position, so I tried to shut it off...nothing happened after hitting the power button--the screen remained.Alas, my Forerunner is dead, a short life of 6 months and a few hundred miles.  It was great while it lasted.
Goods: Garmin has a very good customer service so if your machine breaks, it can be replaced right away. Large buttons and screen make it easy to operate and read.Bads: I have had 3 Forerunners up to now and 2 out of 3 have gone broken within a year. The problem are the buttons which stop working for some odd reason. The good part is that I have gotten new Forerunners everytime my old one breaks but won't be able to do that any more since the guarante is now over. The problem since to either be the moisture or the rain.
1) PRO: Garmin is a great company with excellent customer service. They immediately replaced my watch when the battery failed under warranty.2) PRO: The 201 has many neat features and they all work great.3) CON: You must wait for for GPS signal acquisition before you start your run, and it is slow, it takes a minute or two.3) CON: Because the positional accuracy is limited, the pace error is high, especially if you don't run in a straight line. While running around my 1/4 mile track at a steady 8 min/mile pace, with pace smoothing maximized, the 201 will indicate values ranging between a 7.5 min/mile and an 8.5 min/mile.Overall it is a cool device, just not quite accurate enough for me.
I wanted to have a device that would give me freedom to run where I want (not just doing laps on the stadium) and still know my time and distance. For the most part, Frontrunner worked, but it has a tendency to lose signal, so you end up running longer distance without getting satisfaction from your good time. Frustrating.
Ordered this for my Dad.  The CD with the drivers was a coaster, so he needed to track down the drivers.  The only manual on the site is in Chinese, and he said it was no small effort for him to get the laptop to detect the device.  All that said, he said it seems to work fine now.  I think this device is not buyer beware, but it's the least expensive for a reason at the same time.
I recently bought the Garmin Topo Canada software for my eTrex Venture HC, even though a search on Garmin's site did not list it as compatible software.I found it worked exactly like the Garmin US Topo (more on this) and loaded on the eTrex without any problems.The Canada Topo does a nice job listing all major and minor roads, streams, mountains, and hiking paths in SW Canada (my favorite area). I was also pleased with the high road detail in Banff, Lake Louise, Calgary, etc. Oddly, it did not list the famous "tea houses" above Lake Louise, though it did list the paths leading to them. It also omitted the famous Prince of Wales hotel at Waterton and the paint pots above Johnston Canyon.Garmin still resists updating their incredibly clunky software. Instead of a single DVD, Garmin still ships four CD's requiring switching out disks to load maps, a real chore when your path leads between map sections. Plus the software still operates like it did under Windows 95! Slow, awkward, expensive and clunky, but it does work.
Good topo maps but this product lacks key things. Mountain huts,shelters and hiking trails are not marked. Furthermore many well known passes, lakes and creeks are not named.
The soft spongy material used is pretty good for protecting the casing as well as the screen.  But if you're using the metal D-ring (like with a carabiner), the stitching will not last.  It took me 3 day hikes through the Malaysian rainforest before it half-tore.Now, I just use the casing for protection and put my carabiner through the velcro catch (which isn't designed very friendly, but the stitching there looks a fair bit tougher).
This does the job it is desgned for but the GPS seems to work its way around in the case so the controls are never in the right spot.
I ordered this item for my husband, who had picked it out.  The only problem with it is, the front clear plastic cover prevents you from being able to &#34;togle&#34; the button.  He is going to cut a hole so he can still use it in the case.Also, the shipping charges for this item are crazy high.  The item cost is $9.99 and shipping was $6.99; and it came in a padded envelope, from CA to Las Vegas, NV.  Oh well, if my hubby hadn't picked it out, I would not have ordered it.
This product is a very nice looking case that will hold all of your accessories and your garmin.  The only problem?  The neoprene smells awful.  :(  If you are sensitive to scents, then this product is not for you.  It is so nice, that I had a hard time returning it.  Just couldn't take the scent.
The neoprene GPS carrying case appears to be of very good quality, but it's a little smaller than I had expected.  I should have spent a few dollars more and gotten a larger case with storage pockets.
I bought this for my husband to help him train for the Marine Corps Marathon.  He loved it and it helped a lot with the training.  The GPS did fail at times and was inconsistent.  Overall it was a good device and helped him keep track of his progress.
This unit is great at capturing all of the data I want to look at, but the training software leaves much to be desired. The data by themselves don't mean anything without the ability to do quality analysis. The included software was basic at best. Even the free MotionBased.com platform that is suggested seems a weak bridge. So far, the best software I have found to analyze actions sports is by a Finnish company called FRWD [...] If Garmin could put together something like this, this product would be amazing!
I got the Forerunner 301 as a Christmas present from my wife,charged it up and turned it on and everything looked good. I finally got a chance in January to go for a run, the Forerunner worked great except the heartrate monitor.  Could not get it to work!  Contacted their support people via e-mail and they were great sent me out a new heartrate monitor with strap.  Still no good!  The problem must be in the main unit! Anyway, I now have to return the entire unit back to Garmin for repair, since Amazon won't take it back being over 30 days since the sale.I would suggest if anyone wants to buy one don't do it over Amazon, since you can't take it back to the store.  I believe the Forerunner would be a great tool if the heartrate monitor worked.
I have had my Forerunner 301 for just over 1 year now.  Let me say my 4th 301 that is.  My 1st 301 worked fine for about 3 months then would not connect reliably to the PC.  I worked with Garmin support for some time and was able to limp along for a couple months.  I tried a couple different PCs and USB cables but eventually the unit would not connect at all.Through Garmin's support we determined I had a bad GPS.  I returned the unit and about 6 weeks later received a new GPS.Well the new unit worked again for about 3 months before I ran into the same problem.  Same process to determine I had another bad unit.  Again antoher 6 weeks and the new unit just arrived.This new unit will not connect to the PC at all.  I am working with Garmin to replace again.When the GPS works it is nice.  I have marathon data from Houston, New Orleans and Boston.  The data is close (seems I ran an extra 1/2 mile in Boston, but cheated and skipped a 1/2 mile in New Orleans :) ) to the actual distance.For me the GPS data is fine, but if you are close to trees or buildings you will not receive the the GPS data.  In New Orleans and Boston the downtown data did not register very reliably, so do expect perfection.My goals for the device are just to keep a close idea of milage and have something to distract me on long runs.  It is a very brief diversion to look at the HUGE watch and see how far and how long you have been running.Hope this helps!
I'm a gadget freak.  So when I read about the 301 last year I decided I had to have one.  And I am glad that I got it -- I really am.  The 301 released me from the need to clock running routes with my car, or to run on a treadmill if I wanted accurate pace times.  All the stuff that the product description says:  all true.  It really will transform your workouts.  I really like the advanced workouts -- when training for a race I set up a month of training runs at a time, and the 301 keeps me honest.Or it tries to.  Because there are a couple of problems with this wee beastie.  First off, cloud cover and trees cause it to lose the signal.  A lot.  When I ran the Vancouver half-marathon, I didn't get a signal once after entering the wooded areas of Stanley Park (2 miles).  At home in Sammamish, WA, I regularly lose the signal if it is raining or if I am running in a suburban area with treed streets.  And if you know this area you know that there are A LOT Of trees here.  In the summer (no clouds) it works great.The 2nd complaint I have is with the heart rate monitor.  The strap is hard plastic -- not nearly as comfortable as my Polar HRM.  And the pickup is spotty.  You have to keep the contacts wet or it won't pick up at all.  And even when I am sweating profusely there will be times that the 301 just starts yelling "Heart Rate Too High".  I'll look down and it's reporting a h.r. of 200+.  Trust me, when I am running my heart rate NEVER gets to 200.  This happens often enough that you start to doubt if you can rely on the data it provides.THE "PERFECT" 301 (I would pay $100 more for this!)Here's how Garmin could fix this:1. Use a soft Polar HRM strap rather than their plastic one.2. Include an inertial shoe tracker similar to the Nike or Timex models, and have the watch use the shoe tracker when the GPS signal is spotty.SUMMARYIt isn't perfect.  But I haven't sold it, and I still use it 5 times a week.  I know that sometimes it won't read correctly and I am bummed by that.  But I don't have anything better.
I have owned the 301 GPS since October 2005. So you can say I have some experience with it, mostly for walking an running. The GPS is Ok, not great it can easily lose the GPS signal under threes or close to buildings. Most of the time works OK but sometimes (when you know the actual distance) you would notice 400-500 meters missing in your run (in a 5 Km run). The heart rate monitor is poor. It goes up to very high heart rate readings and you know you are not doing 220 bps and then goes quickly down to a more reasonable level such as 145, closer to what you feel is the actual rate. I would rate the GPS receiver with 3 stars and the heart rate monitor with 2 stars, overall 3.
Bought this to use as an aid to keep track of my runnung distance and pace when I do PT, and it definitely does that.  The only thing I don't like is the fact that it's kind of bulky and if I'm training in the winter months, the only way I can see it is to expose my wrist and hands to the elements.  Other than that, it is a great device.
I bought the 201 and sold after it consistently reported a 8 mile run as a 6 mile run -- it couldn't extrapolate the distance when the signal is lost in a tree-lined neighborhood.I have been using the 301 for the last 2 months. I like the integration with the heart monitor and the training software.The heart monitor will spike randomly at 240bpm -- the softwaredoesn't seem to be able to throw those outliers out.The GPS tends to overestimate distance -- I'm not sure how that is possible unless it is fooled by the arm swings.Another reviewer said it could be .01 to .02 miles off per mile -- that adds up to 1/2 mile in a 26 mile marathon.The pace readout is inaccurate even with the extra smoothing set. When shifting from walking to running, it will read a 7:44 pace even when our faster runner is running a 10 minute pace.How is that possible to average faster than the real pace?I got no answer from online technical support; I haven't tried the phone yet.I'll keep the 301; it is better than a pedometer and still useful as training tool as it keeps training of mileage and calories, more or less. I'm not sure it's worth the 200 plus dollars.(Sep 22, 2005) The unit recently have me clocked at 851mph -- that's speedwork! But I recently found the time-based interval and custom workouts very useful.
This is a decent product but like everyone else has mentioned it has trouble with satelite connection when trail running.
I really love the concept and the features, but it is very inaccurate when running near trees or in the city.  I also have the Timex oem with the big arm strap Garmin GPS receiver and it is by far a better receiver and interpolates between low GPS signal spots accuratley, but I have to wear 4 things on my body to get same functionality and no download of data. I find my self using the Timex anyway because it is more reliable.  The 301 does not interpolate between points.  The heart rate monitor frequently loses or has false high values, but not too bad.  The description for the ForeRunner 305 says it has better reception, has anyone experienced it or seen a comparison? Is there a way to demo one to see if it works any better.
I thought for sure I could use this in many aspects of my life, fitness, hiking, and military ops but unfortunately, unlike the etrex, the coordinates are only in lat/long. I NEED MGRS. Maybe Garmin could update the software?
the feature set of the 301 is solid but the GPS doesn't work very. I bought the 305 afterwards and think it is much better. Spend a few more dollars and get the 305 instead.
I own two of these and have used them for over two years constantly. I have a real love-hate relationship with the 301. I love it when it's working properly which is most of the time. But just when I least expect it, it goes haywire. It shows my heart rate jumping up to 200 beats a minute for a few seconds. That's just enough time to throw off any average heart rate calculation I was trying to save. And the Garmin Training Center software that comes with the unit has no editing capability so there is no way to go in and fix those spikes.When working indoors at the gym,if I walk too close to the vending machines or the electrical service panel, the whole unit has a brain freeze and wipes out all the data for that particular session, even though the display fakes me out by continuing to act like it's working. But when I get home and plug it in to use the Training Center software, the display graph gives me a dead man's flat line all the way across. The whole point of wearing this thing is to record my heart rate and other data to use later for comparisons.Also it is a common gripe among owners that the altitude recording function is consistently screwy. I can leave my house at one elevation, go for a long run, come home, and find that according to my Garmin 301 my house has either dropped 50 ft in altitude, or gained 50 or more ft. Also, I bought the Google Earth upgrade to overlay the Garmin GPS data on their maps and while it is fairly accurate, it sometimes wildly goes off course on the map even though I was going on a straight route.But all these things aside, it's still useful to my daily and weekly training and I put up with the quirky things it does and just move on.Tip: Sometimes the heart rate receiver in the unit will lose the signal from the chest strap for no apparent reason. You'll see the whole screen go blank or just freeze up. Be prepared. Be sure to read your manual in advance and know how to re-set the HR monitor to find your chest strap's signal. It can save you a lot of cussing when you get home and find you've lost all your HR data.Last thing: Customer Service at Garmin. They ... uh, ... how can I put this delicately? They suck.Should you upgrade to the 305? I hear the 305 has the same guts as the 301 with a few added bells and whistles and guess what? People are complaining about the same problems they are having with the 301s. So until Garmin decides to really change the guts and the software of their Forerunners, you might as well get the 301.
I purchased this device with great expectations.  I wanted to be able to see what my heart rate would be at any given pace.  The GPS worked well.  If you are running in city streets, it will not be accurate.  On wide open trails, it worked great.  The problem is the heart rate monitor.  It worked well for about two weeks.  It then just spit out random numbers while I ran.  I made sure it was fully charged, and it still gave inaccurate readings.  I have tried tightening the strap and ensuring the contact was good.  Still inaccurate.  It works well when I am not running.  I will return it and wait until Polar makes the heart rate monitor for this device.  Garmin, are you listening?  You will have the perfect tool for the serious athlete if you can make an accurate heart rate monitor.
The GPS on the Forerunner is a very good system.  It's easy to use and accurate.  I've used it for running, hiking, biking and kayaking and it's worked great every time.The heart rate monitor (chest strap) that comes with the Forerunner is one of the older, cheaper systems.  It's large, bulky, and not very comfortable.  There are much better heart rate monitors out there that would have been a better addition to this system.Until Garmin upgrades the heart rate monitor I'd recommend sticking with the Forerunner 201 (the same system without the heart rate monitor).  The Forerunner 301 is just not worth the extra money.
This is a great device for monitoring / managing exercise where time, distance and cardio are important.  Running and biking modes are included as well as a third mode that you can define.  Easy to set up monitoring unit with excellent instruction manual.  Wrist unit can be charged from included USB cable or the dedicated charger, also included.  I haven't progressed to the point of using Training Assistant, but looks like good functionality as well.The unit recognizes heart monitor immediately, but seems to take several minutes to pick up all necessary GPS signals.  I have used in hills of South Carolina, Phoeniz valley in Arizona and North Louisiana with the same delay in picking up adequate GPS information.  So you may want to tie your shoes or stretch well before planning to start exercising.Biggest disappointment is Garmin's refusal (to-date) to support Mac.  Apparently even their USB protocols are so "special" that Virtual PC is of no help.  Based on the Apple Support Discussion Boards this is a well documented issue, so Mac users be aware that for now downloading your data for analysis is not supported.Those of you still on the "Dark Side" shouldn't have any problems, from Garmin.  At least nothing compared to what you are already used to putting up with everyday.
This product has been somewhat disappointing because it will not give a total elevation change.  I use the product mostly for bike riding, and that was a piece of information that I was expecting in the after ride read out.
The idea is amazing; combine a compact GPS unit with a multi-functional heartrate/exercise monitor.  I have owned one for one month.  Overall, the unit is light, easy to operate, and easy to download to my pc.  Using the unit on trail runs, I find the GPS functions give consistently reproducible data.  The pc download gives accurate distance, elevation, and pace.  The heartrate monitor, on the other hand is very unreliable, often blanking out or giving unrealistic heartrate.  My recommendation is to get the Forerunner 301 if you want a compact GPS.  If you are looking for a heartrate monitor to structure your workouts, look at something far superior like the Polar S610i.  Also, the Garmin pc training program, for all its bells and whistles, does not compare to Polar's software.
As a yacht delivery captain, I have owned a couple of these units. I use them for GPS data thru my laptop utilizing Nobeltec marine navigation programming. As a GPS sensor, the unit performs well. However, the weak link in the unit is the DC power receiver. It is protected from the eliments by a small rubber plug which, when removed to plug in the charging cord, it easily lost. I mean, the plug is SMALL. There is no teather or keeper attached to the unit body and this leads to corrosion and subsequent breakage of the power pole (pin). On my most recent yacht delivery thru Central America, the pin broke and I had to break open the unit and hard-wire the DC cord directly to the DC power supply to complete my mission. Other than this, I like the unit. [...].
FOR - Lightweight, attractive to look at and without the numerous unnecessary functions that many gadgets come with.AGAINST - miscalculates urban times and distances due to loss of GPS signal-screen difficult to read-controls awkward when worn-Navman do not reply to requests for advice/information not included in the manual
We been using this GPS unit to measure our horse rides.  The display is a bit difficult to read while riding.  The documentation clarifies very little and is not in depth at all.  Scrolling through the various modes can be tedious.  It does keep track of avg speed and max speed.  We've yet to figure out how to easily start a new lap.They could do a lot more to make the interface and documentation more user friendly.
I bought my forerunner slightly used about 4 months ago.  For someone who is just getting started with a good fitness routine this product should prove to be beneficial. Depending on where I am it can easily interface with my desktop PC or my MAC laptop...definitely a plus. I can only think of two draw-backs and those are that it is not water-resistant, therefore no swimming with it and it may, at times take 5-10 minutes to lock in on satellites.  Other than that I am quite pleased with it.
I can hear it. ( my tapes )  but it sure isn't HI- FI .Maybe it's MY hookupMaybe I expected too much  via blue-tooth and my hearing aids
Overall the product is very good except whenever I try to pair a second headset, the first headset becomes unpaired. I'm am trying to use the DC800 as a transmitter to watch TV but so far, I have only been able to pair one headset at a time and in order to use the other headset, I have to pair that one and the other headset becomes unpaired.Has anyone had any success pairing multiple devices at the same time?
Item operates pretty well once its configured but configuration was a bit more complex than what was described in the setup guide. Overall its a good product for what I wanted to do, which was to connect by Bluetooth headphones to my tv.
Hey guys...I don't actually have this product, but I do know one bit of info that the company tries to hide until you get your heart set on it. There are monthly fees of 18 or 20 dollars a month!!! Don't buy this product unless you want to pay them. Go to globalpetfinder.com for more info. It's under "Activate"
I purchased this to use in my car with a laptop.  Installation was smooth.  I was unable to pick up a satellite signal from inside my home, or from a window sill with large unobstructed views of the sky.In my car I discovered that the receiver works well when on the roof (it has a built-in magnetic base), however it loses the signal when on the dash by the windshield inside the car.  Microsoft Streets & Trips 2008 works fine, with the one minor annoyance of having to press a function key (F3)to re-route should you need to change your route while traveling.A more sensitive receiver and more flexible re-routing would enhance this otherwise nice product.
Initially I was more than happy with this machine, it worked well and was simple to use. I added the Australian maps for a trip down under. The machine worked well for the first 45 minutes there and then it froze and turned itself off. I reset, but within a few minutes it froze again. This was repeated a number of times until it simply would not start and came up with an error. Tom Tom in Australia were most unhelpful, and I was forced to buy hard copy maps to get around. I have returned home now but the problem is still unresolved. I keep hoping that one day I will be able to again use my expensive piece of equipment!!
Requires software updates through Garmin.  Have struggled to get the software to update GPS unit and after hours of trial the GPS unit still does not recognize the battery.
All information indicates this is a direct replacement for the battery in the unit but after it arrived I noticed the voltage on old battery is higher than this new one. Battery fits into GPS, was able to charge it up and works fine in my GPS... Not sure the reason or drawbacks with this lower voltage battery, would be nice to let customers know before they buy...
The battery that was shipped to me says "7.4V" on the label.  The original battery that came with my Garmin 396 says "8.4V" on the label.  The battery fits the 396 and seems to power the unit, but the battery indicator on the 396 never indicates full even though the 396 reports "charging complete."  It appear that the 396 can handle charging this lower-voltage battery, but the battery charge state indicator on the 396 will not show it as full.
I wanted somthing that will work on my cell phone and pda so i ended up returning this one and got something else.  Garmin 10X
Nice product, especially for the price of $67.00.  Now if I were to have paid full price, I wouldn't be happy.  Does everything I needed it to do, but like others have noted, Garmin customer service leaves a lot to be desired.  The rep didn't want to listen to what my problem was, more interested in telling me what he "knew".  Said he would send an email with the update I needed.  Email came without updates.  I guess it was too much to ask for.  Shame on me.  I'll just live with the older maps for now as I dont want to deal with them again.
I bought this as I was headed to Seattle on vacation and didn't want to wander all over and try reading street signs and the map while driving. I don't need GPS much and didn't want to spend a lot and I liked the idea of a device that I could use with my cell phone.This unit worked really well and the maps were pretty up to date, although my cousins address was not found it got me close enough that I got there anyway. The drawbacks: I was sometimes slow getting connected to the GPS unit and the satellites; the phone would turn off every 3 minutes if there wasn't a turn or something like that that refreshed the screen and Garmin's web site didn't seem to know about this product so help and accessories, map updates weren't available or even easily found.
I purchased this unit for use with my Treo 700p. The price was very good here on Amazon. So good that I wondered if Garmin was dumping inventory. At this point I can say, maybe, maybe not.The product ships with the old version of software. When I loaded the card it sent my Treo into an infinite loop of continuous resets that only could be stopped by removing the battery. I finally got it to load up and then discovered the sound bug that is referenced on the net by other users. The sound is full of static which renders it unintelligible. I went to the Garmin web site and found that there is an update, however it will only run on a PC because it is a 'dot exe' file. I have a Mac.I called Garmin and got an unfriendly sounding woman who was unaware of any 'sound issue' and proceeded to tell me to reset my phone using techniques that don't apply to a Treo. When I suggested that her instructions being read off her screen could not possibly apply to a Treo she made some snide remarks about how she can't have access to "every phone on the planet" (This unit only supports a limited spectrum of "PDA" phones like Treo and Blackberry)After being on hold for a while she came back and said that she had found a colleague who "remembered the sound issue" and suggested that I "try the software update" When I told her the update only runs on a PC and I have a Mac, she said that was my problem, not Garmin's. At that point I was so disgusted I told her that I had no choice but return the product to Amazon. She told me to "go ahead"I have a friend that has a PC (w/o Palm software). He downloaded the update and upon running it, discovered it would update the SD card directly, no need for Palm software. I gave him the Garmin SD card and he installed the update. Voila. the sound works and I have a working GPS.The other comments here regarding the "assembly" issues and such are actually trivial. Installation of the support arms is easy and logical. Positioning them to avoid buttons and ports is also easy. No issue at all in my book.The unit takes some time to acquire satellites. Since it has no power of its own, it must re-acquire every time you stop and start the car and lose power to the 12 volt jack. This is an inconvenience at best on a long trip with potty stops. When it is running, the maps and directions are great and the timings are good. The auto-zoom is a nice feature. It zooms out to an overview map if you have a number of miles before your next turn, and then zooms in again when you need the detail. Routing works well, can include multiple waypoints, and can be done in advance and stored.My biggest disappointment is that the software only will accept the Garmin GPS built into the mount. I was hoping it would connect to my portable Palm Bluetoorth GPS so I could use it when I'm not tethered to the car, e.g. while walking.  No dice, it won't recognize the Palm GPS at all. This is a serious flaw that I believe that Garmin should address.Overall, what it does, it does well. It has shortcomings that reduce the flexibility. For $89 it was a steal.
I am giving this 3 stars b/c when it works, I really like it.First, it wont work on a Verizon Treo 650 as it requires to much RAM space.  After upgrading to the Treo 700, my space issue was eliminated and after downloading the most recent version of the software from garmin (it was hard to find on the website) I got it to work.I am having some issues with call handling, and I seem to lose my satelite signal everytime I get an email on the TREO.  Hard to say if this is a garmin issue or a Treo 700 issues (as I have had other problems with the Treo).
Purchased this phone via internet for my handicapped son, and when it arrived we thought it was very small, but surprised to find it worked just fine. The set-up was a little confusing and customer service isn't always available to help. But once we got going...all was well.
Good casing where my forerunner 305, cables and HRM, just fit there is not room for more. A bit pricy...
This is about what I expected based on the reviews.  It's nothing special but it does what I need it to do.  I did have my Edge 705 get turned on somehow while in the case and I typically careful about closing it and making sure it's not hitting anything else. I wish there was a better way to secure the actual GPS in this.  What would be great would be a case that has a molded foam that the GPS could sit in and that had specific compartments for the other items.  I'm thinking this cost about $2 to manufacture so the $25 + that most pay is hard to swallow.
I bought this carrying case together with a Garmin Forerunner 305 and the bag is a convenient way to store and carry the unit and the heart rate monitor. You can get all the accessories in there if you want, it will be a bit cramped but still OK. The case consists of two compartments, on in each "lid". The case is a general design made to fit several Garmin products with the consequence that it is not optimal for any product. It is difficult to pack the heart rate monitor without bending it at the sensors. This is the only real drawback except for that it is a little bit bulky.
I bought this to carry my Garmin Forerunner 305 (the BEST)  I give it 5 ***** for carrying the watch, the usb cord, the wall connection.....  but DO NOT PUT YOUR HEART RATE strap in this case.  It took a day or two for my strap to function properly.  0 * for HRM strap carrying  Average 3  (actually 2 1/2)
I bought this case to carry/protect a Forerunner 405cx while traveling and specifically to protect the watch from accidental button pushes which would bring it out of power saving mode and discharge the battery.  This case achieves that goal only if the watch is carefully positioned in the case.  While everything fits (watch, charger, Ant Stick, chest strap, foot pod), the chest strap must be somewhat uncomfortably contorted to fit.  The watch is also a tight fit (with the standard band-not the velcro one) which is actually a good thing because it holds the watch rigid helping to prevent the buttons from being pushed.  The case has a semi-rigid clamshell design with an elastic mesh webbing on each side that holds stuff in on either half.  Not a perfect solution for the 405 or 405cx but it works.  So far I have not opened it to find a dead battery but I would have rated it higher if it had a dedicated compartment for the watch that would protect the buttons.
Lots of tiny bits and pieces to get lost or misplace. Betteries on the tags don't last long enough if you lose the cat collar out in the wild.
Unfortunately on a collar tends to hang upside down. Exchanged for newer side mount design that works great.
Have astro 220 and 2 transmitters, works great except antena are both damaged after 1 day from dogs going under fences, one even caught the harness on the wire and pulled off the whole works, velcroe to the collar attchment could be improved. at least you can find the transmitter.
Overall, I do like the product. However, I have quickly found the lack of spoken street names to be a real problem with this unit. Sometimes the on-screen directions don't match up well with the actual maneuvers you will take.
I bought this unit and returned it after a week.  My husband has an older model from Garmin and one of the features I love about it is that it tells me what street to turn on.  Instead of saying "turn right in .5 miles" - it says "turn right in .5 miles on North Road".  This newer model however - does not give you the street names.  You have to read the screen to see what the street is - and since this unit is so small - good for portability - I found myself squinting at the screen.I have since purchased the Nuvi 350 instead.Pros:Tiny & PortableEasy to ProgramCons:No directions by street nameRecommendation:Spend $30 more and get the 350 instead.
I paid probably $180 for this unit, and I am still satisfied with my choice.  Weaknesses: Booting it up is slow, entering in an address is painful (it doesn't gray out the unusable keyboard letters based on what letters you've already typed, which the good ones do), occasionally it takes you to an incorrect location (I entered in an address on "Boston" Post Rd in Darien, and it tried to take me the other direction, to Post Rd in Fairfield), and it often doesn't explain tricky turns that it should (and instead doesn't break them out at all, pretending that it's obvious how you should follow twisty roads into complicated intersections).  Sometimes its POI database doesn't have some places that I'd hope.  The 4 things that I wish it did (which it doesn't do at all, but which I've never seen any GPS unit do well): allow me to customize my route completely (like Google Maps), connect to my cell phone to allow me to make/receive calls, play MP3s via my car speakers, and inform me about traffic slowdowns.  [Some other units advertise features like these 4, but if you read the reviews or test them yourself, I doubt they'll impress.]  Strengths: it does have a lot of POIs, which I've found useful, and I think the color screen is good, and the voice prompts are helpful.  I really hated using maps or printing out Google Maps directions (and would often get lost even when using them), so I'm happy to have a cheap GPS unit that pretty reliably gets me to where I need to be.
I received my Garmin Nuvi 200 (250) about 2 weeks ago and have found certain flaws in this GPS system. The first is that the old version map (V8)comes with the system and you need to pay another $75 to upgrade. Also when the weather is a little bit cloudy then the satellites are hard to make contact with. This might be the result of having no external antenna.I just returned from a trip to Canada and while I was leaving Canada the system almost redirected me to reenter Canada. Of course, I used common sense and did not reenter, but this is certainly a flaw that must be pointed out.If the skies are clear this system is a very good system but otherwise I think that there is a good chance you might get lost with this system,thus defeating the purpose of having GPS in the first place. I would not recommend this system to anyone until Garmin corrects some of the problems mentioned.
The Garmin Nuvi 200 GPS offers the basic GPS features and includes restaurants, hotels, gas stations, airports, government offices, etc. in the maps. There is an option to show these locations as you are driving. You can also save your favorite destinations or the place that you're at right now. There are not advanced features such as traffic reports. The displayed map shows the route and a voice announces where to turn. At the bottom right corner is a display of how far it is until the next turn. You can press that next turn display and it will show the following turn. Keep pressing and it will go through all of the turns for the entire trip. However, the information display for these future turns is somewhat inadequate. For example it may say to turn right on Hwy 1, but it won't tell you what town or state that is.As a basic GPS unit, the Nuvi 200 works well about 97% of the time.  It's the other 3% that you have to watch out for. One of the first times I was using the unit, I was in a hotel room and looking for businesses. It asked me if I wanted to continue searching for satellites. I said no. Then when I left the hotel I could not get the unit to acquire satellites no matter how many times I turned it off and on. It was acting like it was working but it was in some kind of worthless simulation mode. We got totally lost in a big city and I was really unhappy. It has done other things like when I was driving home on a major state highway, it told me to turn down some little county road in the middle of nowhere, 250 miles from home. And once I was in a neighborhood and wanted to get out of the neighborhood to return home. So the Nuvi 200 sent me down a dead end street. That dead end street didn't go to my house.By the way, there are reports that you should not save your home address and label it as your home. Reportedly some people who have had their cars broken into also had their GPS stolen. And then the crooks have used the GPS to go to their house and break in.
works well when a signal is aquired. It was a useful tool on my recent trip. Be careful of the wording used when following instructions.  It can be tricky.  This product is great for the beginner!  But I may upgrade one day.
Garmin nuvi 200 is good but I would suggest you get the next model (nuvi 260).  Pay extra money and it's worth.  I purchased the nuvi 200 andwhile using it I found out that it does not tell the streets name while making a turn.  (I read some of the reviews, but still buy this model).I have no choice but to use this unit (nuvi 200) even do I'm not satisfied. I know it will not be easy to return and exchange this item since I bought it online.  Just to return and exchange might be an agony and cost me more for shipping.Suggestions: If your not maticulous buy this item, otherwise buy the 260 model and you won't regret it.
I got the GPS device as in the described condition. It was a pretty handy thing for me, as I am new to driving in the US.It did bail me out several times when I got lost.
i got my wife one from Best Buys and its all right when it works right. its a bit late on directions and or gives directions for no reason. example, tells you to exit here after you pass the exit and tells you about an exit thats not there. this is not all the time though. its not that bad. can get frustrating. you find yourself arguing and fighting with the device at times. then it has to recalculate. it is simple and easy to use though. perfect size. not big at all. so i recommended it to my friend as a gift for his wife.i placed the order for him. i received the package early from the shipper. no complaints. good deal with the 2 added accessories from the shipper. i paid more just for the device by itself from Best Buy than what my friend paid from Amazon and it included 2 extra accessories(GPS case and stand)!!!
Works OK, but on two occasions, the second time I used it, it gave me completely wrong directions.  And in one instance, it told me to turn the wrong way onto a one way road.  The only way I could get it to recalibrate was to turn it off then back on.  Good price compared to elsewhere, but these things aren't all that they're cracked up to be.  Better off with Google maps.
I probably got this Nuvi 6 or 7 years ago...... yeah it was cool back then, but I can't say it any more.  Its most practical function is to stay on all the time.
I purchased this product just after Christmas. It stopped working after 3 weeks. I contacted Amazon and the return process was so easy. I had a new unit within 3 days. So far it's working well. I don't go anywhere without it. It hasn't steered me wrong yet.
Love ease of use, does not always use shortest route. Going took me one way, coming home took me other way. Sometimes is too slow that one goes by turn b4 voice direction kicks in.
Nuvi 200 is an solid GPS. However, as of summer 2008 there is a newer unit out there, nuvi 205, which often retails for same price, but will give you new features and less headaches.First, the headache: Nuvi 200 come with different versions of maps. There are a number of nuvi customers that are now steadfast garmin haters due to map update policy. Apparently, Garmin is pitching buying new maps for 75 dollars. Registering your nuvi 200 for first time, in many cases, gives people free upgrade to most recent maps. Considering its half the price of your GPS unit, its quite a gamble. You avoid all this drama by buying nuvi 205 which come with 2009 maps right away.On features. Core requirements for a successful GPS are present in Nuvi 200. Garmin did its research and chose a successful layout for options and functions. Directions from destinations to destinations are easy to set up and intuitive to follow. Look-up of points of interest (POI) is flexible, and allows you to do a word search, or category browse.Nuvi 200 has very limited internal storage. It is just enough for the default map and a few modifications like vehicles and downloaded POIs. Nuvi 205 has a lot more and space shortage is not an issue anymore.The only reason I can see buying a nuvi 200 is if its available considerably cheaper than nuvi 205, and if newest features are not an issue.
it will get you there. it may sometimes tell you to turn an incorrect direction but it will alway re-direct you to the right location.
I purchased the Garmin 200 after reading a lot of positive reviews on Amazon. It was a great product - simple design, easy to use. Unfortunately, it started to malfunction after 3 months. For example, it would just shut itself down even though it was plugged into a running car. Then the connection between the unit and the charger AND the charger and the car began to weaken. I say both because the red light that indicates the charger is plugged in doesn't always turn on, and if it's on, the unit doesn't always charge. I have another cigarette car charger that works just fine so I know the problem isn't my car. When I was able to get both connections going in my car, the unit would display that it was trying to read the connection to my computer. For something that is over $100 and was only used 3 times (once a month on average) for approximately 2 hours at a time, it should last more than 3 months. For those who are wondering, I didn't leave it in a freezing cold or oven-hot car and kept it in a drawer in my desk when it was not being used.When I contacted Garmin to get a replacement unit or charger within the warranty period, I was told that the unit had to be completely dead to qualify for a replacement. As most people know, electronic items often exhibit problems well before they fully die, if ever. If my unit starts to malfunction when I'm driving 65mph down the freeway, it's "completely dead" to me because I can't fuss with it and safely drive at the same time. Garmin's "has to be dead" policy is a pretty poor stall tactic to run out the warranty period. For that reason, I'm replacing my unit with another brand.
While I am generally pleased with this GPS, nowhere in the instructions or on the web site, does it describe the uses of the SD card slot on the Nuvi200. 30-40 min. wait times on the phone for a person to talk to: unacceptable. 2-day lag for answering email from tech support, then the 2 sentence answer didn't answer my questions. Still don't know, for example whether I can buy an SD card and download European maps- or whether Garmin sells SD cards loaded with European maps for the Nuvi200.
It's nice for our first GPS. It is easy to use and set up BUT it has old information on it. For instance, a street in my town has been changed to another name but it's been at least 7 years (it's a pretty big street) that goes through several other towns in this part of Texas and on the GPS maps, it still lists it under the old name.  Other than that, it's nice. The screen is very nice, you can view pictures on it and I know there are ways to get it updated but it would have gotten 5 stars had the information been more current.
a little crack in the front corner and it looks a little bit old. But it is OK with this price. And there is just a GPS and the wire, no case to support. So I have to buy one.
I bought this product for a cross country drive. It worked great for all my freeway drives. It has some flaws e.g we were driving through Oakland , CA. It just couldnt navigate the street names because the city is not a modern-planned city. Whenever it gets in non-grid patten city it behaves weird either the navigation will hang or it will give you wrong directions. It is also not very accurate e.g if you are driving through a road parallel to any freeway it will think you are on freeway.
Ive had this GPS for 5 years easily.. My first ever, im HORRIBLE with direction so i got this as a gift. ITs works in the USA and CANADA, you can change the distance traveled (KM/Miles) and such to help you. The picture is clear, nice picture. It does speak to you (1.2 Miles turn right) but I really wish it would say the name of the street rather than having to LOOK at the GPS. They are 2 ways to view where your going but speech would be MUCH more convenient.Its also a little slow. Im never 100% where im going with it, between looking or having hubby or vise versa looking at the map on the screen, looking at signs and our printed directions we figure it out but isnt that what this is SUPPOSE to do?It actually got me lost in a parking lot before i said enough and asked someone.The battery lasts about 4 hour hours and typically charges less then that. The cord is SUPER long. Could be a positive or a negative thing.It tells me i need to update my maps but every time i attempt to it tells me im current. I have updated since i got it so i doubt its current. When it does let me they're expensive!It does take a few mins to find your destination before it starting giving direction which isnt always helpful.Overall, i like it. It does for the most part its job but, can be a pain! Some of it is watching your surrounding which with someone who is HORRIBLE with directions isnt always easy to do.
Works fine but the map updates cost more than a new GPS system.
This product was guaranteed to arrive by Dec. 24 and was ordered Dec. 13.  It did not arrive and when tracked, the deliverer claimed to have attempted delivery prior to 12/24 and most cefinitely did not!!!  I won't try another Christmas purchase with Amazon based on this.
PROS: Works probably as well as it can as designed.  Does route to a destination as programmed.CONS: Unfortunately, for this unit, it was purchased after I had used a TomTom One for 6 months.I had the impression that the Garmin would have a better set of PIO's than the TomTom. Unfortunately, I was wrong. On first use, the Garmin routed me to a warehouse instead of a retail store and then routed me to a store in another town when trying to go to a different store that had existed for years in the city I was in. The TomTom does a better job of routing to a destination, is far more versatile in setting up a route and has far more information on the displayed screen than the Garmin has.
We just received this GPS. We ordered this specific GPS because it has maps of Mexico. HOWEVER . . . While a fine GPS that seems to function just as it should, and this GPS does indeed have what GPS maps for Mexico are available -- BUYER BEWARE! . . . Garmin's maps of Mexico are SPARSE. We'll be staying on the Riviera Maya in a touristy town listed in every guidebook -- it's not even ON the GPS map! We were hoping to take the with us so that we could day-trip and explore -- not going to be possible this way!So, just know what you're buying. We thought we did. Oh well.
I purchased the unit for use on a bicycle and it is great to have on a bicycle but beware of the battery life.  It will not last for a 3 to 4 hour rides.  It can also take a long time to find a signal when used in a vehicle.  Sometimes a few miles!  Overall it is a great concept but could still use a little more development.
This model is in dire need of an adequate user manual, even if only a pdf file.  It currently requires a very extensive hunt and peck session to unveil most of the unit's capabilities, and I have no assurance that I have discovered them all.There is no way to easily plan for a known obstruction (road construction), unless knows in advance the detour route and manually places an intermediate way point (or series of them).  There is no way to edit the intermediate waypoint list.  It must be deleted and the correct list reconstructed.On a few occasions, the unit inexplicably went into a series of a dozen or so back-to-back "recalculating route" events, when I was simply driving down the open highway.  On a couple of occasions in town, the recommended route suddenly changed, even when I was on the previous recommended route.  (The latter might be due to unit confusion over my precise location, if it was not getting good satellite reception.)As with most units, it is best to keep it mounted as far forward as possible, to get best reception.  Unfortunately, the unit does not give good indication of its expected accuracy.An AC adapter would have been nice.  But this basic unit has virtually no useful PC connectivity, as far as I can figure, unless you simply want to purchase additional map software.Overall, however, I'm reasonably pleased.  Satellite acquisition is normally quite rapid.  Unit is compact.
I just received this product today.  I ordered it in new condition but I believe it was used.  The product came from the amazon returns center and when I opened the box, none of the pieces were wrapped in plastic.  The main unit itself is a little scratched.  I bought a case for it so it does not get scratched further.Overall, I like this Garmin nuvi 200 much better than my tomtom. First, it is smaller and easier to put in your pocket or purse. The interface is much easier to use and the garmin has more options.The features that I think the garmin excels in are the 3-D display, routing features, and the point of interest database.  The display is very clear, easy to understand and this makes it easier to follow the directions given.  The point of interest database is amazing compared to my tomtom.  The garmin database has about 5 times the information than the tomtom making it much easier to find a destination (restaurant, gas station, etc.) that is near your location.The only negative that I have found is that this garmin does not have the text to voice directions (does not announce street names).  Newer garmin models have that feature.
item was brand new in box;however,maps were from 2008.upgrade to 2010 was 71.00 pay the extra money for a newer model.every little thing on Garmin website costs extra.Tom Tom One at least has an online community to downloads extras.screen is not 3.5.more like 2.75.
I bought this for my husband who says this works and is accurate but it doesn't always send you down the fastest route. Because of this, he prefers using an old fashioned map where he can take highways that have less traffic, etc.
This is our first GPS so I do not have any others to compare it to.  It's so fun to be able to put in a destination and have "someone" tell you exactly how to get there.  I love it especially when I'm by myself and I don't have someone to read the map or directions for me.  However there have been several times that I was on my way somewhere and got the message, "lost satellite".  I don't know if this is a problem with this product or what but it was very inconvenient, to say the least.  Now I always make sure I print out directions to bring with me in case my GPS goes off again.
works as advertised. made 2 errors that I know about. one was off by .5 miles on restaurant location and the other was a 6 month old construction detour that shoul have been noted.
The GPS sent me to a resturant, the Boathouse, in Lindenhurst, NY that closed down in April 2005; a library in Camp Hill, PA that closed down over 5 years ago and to a dead end street in Sleepy Hollow for something else!  Several times it would tell me to make a turn and when I would turn, it would say "recalculating".  I called Garmin about this and they said that this sometimes happens.  I wish I knew all the details of the GPS, I might've gone for the upgrade which allows you to choose scenic route vs highway.  When the GPS works on your behalf, it can be fun.
I have one thing to add to the other reviews on the Garmin 200.  Despite generally competent performance it tends to be VERY STUPID in picking certain routes.  Apparently it goes for the shortest route without giving any weight or consideration to the nature of the roads themselves.  Thus, going from Blacksburg, VA, to Roanoke, VA, it selects a narrow torturousstate road, which one drives at one's peril, especially at night, insteadof the fast, safe and efficient US 460 - Interstate 81 route which any informed person would take.  I have been reluctant to put it on my wife'svehicle for this reason.D. L. RussellBlacksburg, VA
This cute small gps was enough to take me around California on my own. The volume was good enough as well. The only reason why I gave it 3 stars was because the dashboard mount couldn't even hold the holder, and there was an extra USB wire that couldn't even connect the gps to my computer as it was the wrong totally the wrong one. This was a used gps & it was ok. Nothing to shout about & I had to order the casing & the dashboard mount.
Haven't really used it yet...hope it will be okay. Wanted to try one, but didn't want to spend a lot of money for it.
I received this for Christmas (I'm notorious for getting lost) and was so excited.  Since then I've taken a couple of fairly long trips using it.  She (SuzieQ) gets me where I'm going but seems to take the long way.  It's a straight shot down I-70 to get to St. Louis from Kansas but . . . I was advised to go through downtown KC among other things.  A trip to Atchison, KS took me through some very rural areas that could easily have been avoided.  I started out following the directions to see how well she worked but was ready to pull my hair out before I got back to any place I recognized.  Some of the time SuzieQ says "Turn Right," or "Keep Right" meaning the same thing.  Somewhat confusing.  I need to find out from Garmin if the problem is with their maps or if it is something that can be adjusted on the unit.
I ordered the Garmin Nuvi 200 from Amazon and expected it would come with the new map software (City Navigation North America NT version 2008) as others had received, but unfortunately, mine came with the old map (version 8).  I called Garmin support and they wanted $75 more for the updated map.  I'm very disappointed at Garmin's new marketing tactic because the last time I purchased the Street Pilot 2610, they provided me with the FREE update software within 30 days of the purchased date to bring my GSP to current map info.How do you know which map version you have?  Go to Tool>Setting>Map>MapInfo on the Nuvi 200.  There is no info on the box or in the box to indicate which map software version a particular Nuvi 200 has.  However, some people reported in GSP forum that the Nuvi 200 with serial # 14H06xxxx and 14H10xxxx have the old (version v8) map software, and the ones with serial # 14H15xxxx and 14H17xxxx have the new (version 2008) map software.  My Nuvis 200 serial # is 14H10xxxx and I have the old map software.  The serial # are printed on the outside of the box and also on the bottom of the Nuvi 200 unit.  I checked my local BB last night and they had mostly Nuvi 200 with the new map, but a couple with the old map (based on the serial #).  So be careful when shopping for the Nuvi 200.  I heard the same situation is with the Nuvi 660 as well.As an engineer I used to admire Garmin for their product and technical support, but I think their new marketing strategy is unethical and stupid (i.e. Garmin is trying to squeeze another $75 out of uninformed/unfortunate customers for map update).Afer using the Nuvi 200 for a day, I would give Nuvi 200 four stars (missing the compass direction that I am used to on the 2610), and ZERO star for Garmin marketing policy.  Thus 3 stars.
UPDATE (12/14/2008):The first review that I wrote about the Nuvi 200 on 9/18/2008 was just a few days after I bought the Nuvi. No doubt, that review was inadequate. I was excited about its user-friendliness, but feared that preloaded maps may pose a problem. However, I have used the Nuvi 200 for more than 3 months now and I can now say more about how it works and its shortcomings.In spite of its low price and excellent user interface, the Nuvi 200 is not a navigational system I will recommend, if one is looking for a very reliable, non-confusing direction while driving in unknown areas. It does not tell you names of roads, but simply says turn left or turn right, when there may be multiple rights or lefts you could make at complex intersections. More so, sometimes, when you are supposed to keep straight, it tells you to turn left if there was a right exit. Other times, it tells you turn left or turn right simply because the road bends. These have been quite confusing sometimes, when certain gps systems will tell you to keep straight on the road you are already traveling on. Again, it doesn't specify which road/street it wants you to turn to. It just tells you to turn left or turn right. This has made me take too many wrong turns. Another major problem is that the voice instruction, sometimes, is not at sync with the actual road map or the road network itself. For example, there have been numerous occasions where I was well past a junction I was supposed to turn on, before it told me to make the turn, making it necessary for me to make a U-turn or follow its re-routing prompts, which usually take longer. I have also found that I need to closely follow the on-screen map, and not to rely on the voice instructions, which have come several seconds too late too many times.The Nuvi 200 does not pick many side roads. So, when you are coming out from a large complex or minor road, it doesn't tell or show you how to get out from the area, unto the major streets it shows on the on-screen map. In fact, it can tell you to turn left or turn right or continue on the major road that you may not know how to get to in the first instance. This same shortcoming has also made the system to tell me several times that I had reached my destination at the middle of some busy highways, while my real destinations were on the minor streets around, sometimes up to one-half of a mile away.If I had not had the Garmin Nuvi 200 for more than 30 days, I would have returned it and bought a more reliable system, even if it required paying extra. Here's my advice: a cheap gps like the Garmin Nuvi 200 can cause you some serious headaches if you are driving in unknown areas. Remember, you get what you pay for. The Nuvi works well finding straight-forward addresses, but don't expect too much from the Nuvi 200 if you are looking for an address within a hospital complex, a college campus, or in the countryside (Nwankama).Prior Review (9/18/2008), entitled "Preloaded Maps Create Problem":The compact design of the Garmin Nuvi 200 makes it very portable and this is really commendable. Even more so, is its user-friendliness. The operation of the device is quite easy even for a "cave man." The Garmin Nuvi 200 offers fairly accurate directions, even more than some built-in high-priced navigation systems in many vehicles. In addition, the Garmin Nuvi 200 offers very travel-friendly features like travel guides and foreign language dictionaries. In essence, the Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Navigator is quite great for its price. However, in areas that have new construction and new traffic patterns (and there are quite a bit of them all accross the US), the Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Navigator poses a problem as the preloaded map can't easily be upgraded without having to replace the entire system [Nwankama Nwankama]
This will do exactly what a GPS should, no fancy gimmicks or speech, but it will precisely guide you where you need to be.  If you update it to the latest maps, you will be set for a long time.
I got the opened box, I believed it was opened and used already but never mine I need it urgently... no time to return and get a new oneSo far, it works well , sometimes it takes too long to upload the map in my garage.
Ok...quess i am a little slow...i quess I am one of thoes guys that likes to read..the darn set up and go guide is useless!!!...how do i find out all the tricks to this gem??? eg memmory card what is it for??..charging batt how long???,,,how do i up date maps???,,,,see my point i can go on and on!!!,,thanks in advance to all that respond!!!
I was looking for an entry-level GPS for basic navigation duty. I researched online and settled on the n&uuml;vi 200.First impressions were very positive. The product looks and feels expensive and well made. The screen is bright and has a glare-resistant coating that make it viewable in most situations.Like some other reviews state, if you are looking for additional features you really should look elsewhere. But for getting from point A to point B this is a great unit.
I just ordered this product May 1st. I read the cautions here about the possibility of old maps. When I checked under Tools > Settings > Map, I discovered that I did get the 2008 City Navigator maps but only for the 48 continental states, no Hawaii and no Puerto Rico as indicated on the features table on this website.It also failed to locate the Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom stores in McLean, VA which I knew that had been there for years.Other than that I am ok with the product so far. I wish it had an external switch for volume. I may also swap it for a model that has text to speech to know the street names I am supposed to turn next.
Got the product for $222.00 after 3 weeks product dropped in price to $191 then a few more days went by and I saw the price drop to $169.00. I felt I got ripped off!
I can't believe that I paid this much money for a clip that comes free as part of my cyclecomputers.  but it does work and has a unique mount for the Mio GPSes, so I reluctantly paid the exorbitant price.
I'm only giving this GPS product 3 stars (I'd give it 3.5 is there were fractional ratings) because it primary job -- navigation -- is a bit impaired by it's rather small screen -- especially if you like to drive arms-out (euro style) which puts it even further from the your eyes.  Overall, however,, the navigation is typically Garmin -- rather intuitive and easy to use (4.5 stars in that vein).  That said, I doubt I'll ever have it read me text messages, emails nor serve up music with verbal commands, nor many of the myriad other realted features (if I listed them here I'd just be paraphrsing the owners manual since haven't treid them anyway, so I won't).  If you can pick it up on closeout or as a factory refurb (as I did) for under $50 it's very adequate and good deal.  If you are thinkig of paying $249-$449 (&#60;faint&#62; the actual range of prices I saw before buying this factory refurb on Amazon), I'd suggest another unit since you can buy some full in-dash units with 6-8&#34; displays for the upper end of that ballpark -- even if you do want to use it's myriad features.  Just be advised that this unit as so many capabilities that some places sell DVDs for $20-$50 on how to effectivelty use this GPS unit.  If you're just using it for GPS, however, it's rather intuitive as most all Garmins are.
I've owned this GlobSat BC-337 for some time now.  I used it with iGuidance mapping in an HP PDA HW6925.  The configuration works "OK".  I assume the PDA is not very fast so it is a bit quirky.  The PDA will often hang.  Many times the iGuiance software won't load and I need to reset the PDA.  This is not an issue with the BC-337,however.  In my opinion, if you want a GPS, get a TomTom or Garmin, something made for that specific purpose.  Trying to get a PDA to be all things results in a device that does a lot of things marginally.I've used the BC-337 in my old HP nc6000 and this works great. Large screen!  Now I recently upgraded to an HP 2710p tablet.  The potential to use the BC-37 in this smaller tablet seemed like a great idea, unfortunately, the 2710p does not have a PCMCIA slot.  It uses something called expresscard/54.  I purchased an adapter that allows me to connect the BC-337 into this expresscard/54 slot.  Unfortunately, this configuration does not recognize the BC-337. I assume I need some kind of driver to support this expresscard/54.  I've sent multiple emails to the GlobalSac site and have yet to hear from them.  If you are concerned about service, this lack of response should be a red flag.  I think this card will find its way to my junk drawer.
Worked well for a year, then failed.  Was well kept & still looks good, just does not function any longer.
The Clarion is just the latest stop on my winding journey to find the portable GPS unit that meets all my needs.The trade-off on this one was Text-to-Speech, which it doesn't have.  My thinking was that it wasn't a deal-breaker, as the GPS will announce turns, so who cares if it reads the street names or not.But, after using other GPS units with this feature, I feel now that it IS a deal-breaker.  Hearing the street name helps keep your eyes on the road, instead of reading the screen.  It may not seem like much, but after continued use you REALLY start to miss it.The other problem, that really IS a deal-breaker, is the sluggish response from the unit, surprising since it sports a pretty hefty 400Mhz processor.  Route calculation is slow, but more importantly, on-the-fly route correction if you miss a turn is REALLY slow, so much so that you'll regularly miss a quick turn after re-calculation.  This, partnered with very slow satellite aquisition sealed the deal for me, and I returned the Clarion.Strike three was the Bluetooth function, which is spotty at best.  It lost the connection to my Blackberry numerous times, and the worst is that THERE IS NO PHONE DIRECTORY.  A fatal omission, I thought the idea of handsfree was to avoid fumbling for phone numbers?A shame really, because of all the GPS units that have come before, the Clarion definitely has the most robust software.  You have complete control over editing the route, and the turn-by-turn itinerary is great, and even includes major streets you'll pass to your next turn.  The screen is also easy on the eyes, clear and vibrant.  Unfortunately, the map screen renders the text very small, making it hard to read street names on it.I was sad to return the Clarion, but I just couldn't overcome its faults.
I like the clarity of the sound.  It is heavy with all the batteries.  The megaphone  has been very durable.
This computer mounting system was supposed to fit a Toyota Tundra 2008. The system is solid and well built, but it was very cumbersome to install. Firstly, the illustration shows the intermediate bracket installed pointing towards the drivers side. There was no room to mount it in this position. When it was facing forwards, the post was too close to the glove compartment, which could not be opened. The only way to make it work was to mount it facing backwards, however in order to do that, I had to remove part of a reinforcing plate welded to the lower part. Secondly, when the post was mounted on the intermediate bracket, it was not vertical. It leaned forward about 5 degrees, and I had to insert a lot of washers for shimming. Once installed, it worked to my satisfaction.
The Mio 720t is my second GPS.  I'll review it in sections.HardwareThe 720T is an attractive unit.  It's easy to read from the wheel.  Volume is good although not adjustable directly - it is either on or muted.  This  a flaw - you need directly adjustable volume to cope with times when you have the fan on high speed. Volume can be adjusted through master settings but this is inconvenient.  There is a feature that varies volume with vehicle speed. The windscreen suction cup holds firmly and is easy to remove.An unattractive feature the TMC antenna.  Wherever you stick it it looks awful.  Combined this with the power lead and you have an unappealing gaggle of wires.  Not much you can do about it.In its protective cover the unit is just trouser-pocket sized.  Forget about your shirt pocket.The on-screen buttons are small but unless you have Parkinson's or sausage fingers they are fine.From 'off' it has a fair speed hardware boot but is slow to load MioMap.  From standby it detects satellites reasonably quickly.  From 'off' it takes a minute or more.SoftwareThe MioMap softer works satisfactorily and mostly gives good routing.  Nothing beats local knowledge and occasionally it calculates a route you know could be bettered.  When you're in unfamiliar territory it works fine. Despite having a master setting of 'no unmade roads' twice it has directed me down dirt roads, one little better than a fire trail (I turned back). To give the Mio the benefit of the doubt this might because the roads were incorrectly classified by Sensis (no surprises there).  However with one of these routings even if it was a bitumen road it was a poor route.You can import Outlook Contacts - a useful feature given the deficiencies in Australian POIs (see mapping).I'm not much interested in the MP3 player, Bluetooth and other ancillary features and haven't tested them. A review on CNET refers to it having text-to-speech.  It doesn't.POI utility is poor.  You have to specify where your POI is before you can search for it. You cannot search all included POIs directly. You can carry out a search for a POI around your destination, but if your destination is a POI outside the cursor or GPS position you're in a Catch 22 unless you know the 'settlement', as Mio terms it, as well. 'Settlement' translates as suburb. If you don't know what suburb your POI is in you're really stuck.  The only way around this is to add across-town POIs that you are likely to want via Outlook Contacts. If I've misunderstood this or you know a way around the issue please add a comment.MappingThese comments are applicable only to Australia.  The map database is supplied by Sensis (R14).  It is adequate but has deficiencies that have been carried through from previous versions. As nearly all GPSs in Australia use Sensis mapping there's not a lot you can do about it - just learn the quirks and put up with it.For example in R9 I reported the following glaring error (and if you're in Melbourne you'll sympathise) and this persists in R14:  Heading north up Hoddle St to take the Eastern Freeway eastbound the system says, "Keep right in 800 metres",  "Keep right in 300 metres", "Keep right in 150 metres". The Eastern Freeway on-ramp is on the left.  If you keep right you've got no hope of making the turn.  At 150 metres you're past a concrete traffic divider.  Immediately after the "Keep right in 150 metres" it says, "Turn left in 80 metres".  It's impossible.POIs: Poor.  I do a lot of travelling between major wedding venues.  On a recent weekend five of the six I wanted couldn't be routed to because they are across town and I didn't know the address. A weird non-inclusion is The Cuckoo restaurant at Olinda - one of Melbourne's top tourist attractions.  Fortunately I can add all these unsearchable POIs via Outlook Contacts.  This is useless, course, if you're a visitor to a city or you've locked the house and are about to set out.School zones are hard-coded as 40kmh so you get a speeding warning even when the normal speed limit applies.  This is fair enough given the inconsistencies, strange rules and variable times that apply to school zones in Australia.TMCI bought the 720t because it has TMC.  I was misled by Mio's website and POS advertising.  The 720t doesn't have TMC; it is TMC-capable.  I believed a subscription to TMC was included but it's not.  The US Miowebsite refers to a 90 day trial subscription.  That's not available in Australia. In Australia TMC access costs an additional $129.TMC information is neither timely nor accurate. It is a completely useless feature that I regret purchasing.Frequently the MIO says 'TMC receiver not connected' when it is connected. This is a bug; it happens when you switch the unit on before placing in in the cradle.  The solution is to switch the unit to standby and back on again while it is in the cradle.SummaryA reasonable GPS let down (in Australia) by mapping problems and useless TMC.  On current performance full retail price plus TMC is not good value for money.With the benefit of hindsight I would be happier with a Garmin (my previous GPS was a Garmin) even though the issues with Sensis mapping would be the same.I rate the hardware and software as a '4', POIs and TMC as '1' and mapping as '3'.  As mapping and POIs are crucially important I'll give an overall rating of '2'.
The Mio is doing it's job, but what a terrible GUI (Graphic user interface).I own an iPhone, so I can tell you that they could have done a much better job on it, you have to learn each screen by hart or you will be lost, simple things like going back to a main menu or closing an application are never at the same place, and never at the same design, one time the close button is an "X" icon, and some times it's an arrow to the left, or to the top and so on...
Garmin Edge 705 HRM Outdoor Fitness GPS with Heart Rate MonitorExecutive Summary:  If you are looking for a complete solution to HR, power, Cyclo computer and GPS with great usability, Garmin 705 is for you.  The 705 retains the 305's ability to record data indoors as well as outside.  Additionally, the 705 is compatible with the 305 rear wheel speed / cadence transmitter.  Mapping is good, but roadies rarely need directional assistance.  Basic cyclo computer functions are perfect and are easy to configure.  Great user interface and controls - on and off the bike.  Easy to see and adjust the color screen's intensity.  No problem with interference from other HR monitors or other Garmin users.Down side (the reason I rated this a 3 and not a 5):1) (Not Garmin's fault) Power Tap is not yet compatible with the ANT+ communication protocol and the Quark power meter (which IS compatible) will not work for Shimano & Campy cranks.  Major disappointment!  Cannot test the power meter integration.2) Motion Based / Garmin Connect data upload sites:  While Motion Based was an adequate site to collect and analyze ride data; it was never as good as the Polar software / Web site.  Garmin is in the middle of moving its fitness uploads from the Motion Based website (supposed to happen in May?) to the Garmin Connect website.  Either Garmin / Motion based are completely inept at web site development management or they have not resourced the project appropriately.  Garmin connect has a slick appearance but still lacks the meat of Motion Based and when compared to Polar is completely inadequate for analyzing ride data.  The site lacks a GREAT deal of data reporting and presentation features to make it useful to even us amateur cyclists.3) Garmin needs work on its drivers for the 705 - Windows Vista in general and the 64 bit version in particular.  (I did not downgrade them for this; I was dumb enough to buy into Microsoft's hype and choose Vista 64).  No clue on how the drivers work for Mac.4)  Still no ambient temperature available measurement available on the 705.  In fact the Motion Based feature that associated weather with a particular ride was not activated for the first three weeks I had the 705.  One day, out of the blue it started working - but only on the Motion Based Site; it is still not there in any form for the Garmin Connect Site.Bottom Line:  Garmin has done its job in creating a great combo HR, Power, cyclo computer and GPS receiver.  Arguably, the greatest selling point of the device is the ability to integrate power data  with other cycling data; unfortunately Garmin partnered with high end provider (SRM) and the new low cost provider (Quark) for power data instead of driving a natural relationship with the more popular Power Tap.  Additionally, they have not invested enough resources to create even a reasonable data collection site / software to adequately use all the data collected by the 705.  My recommendation is buy it, go without integrated power until Power Tap get its act together and invest in the Training Peaks software to upload the wealth of meaningful data that is collected by this wonderful device.
Bought the 705 Bundle for use on my bike.  Of particular interest was the mapping/routing function while enroute.The Good:  Nice package, easy to use/edit, good interface, nice mount, good battery life, nice real-time mapping.  The unit routes quite well for trips under 5 miles.  So, in the last few turns it was a help on a trans-California tour.The Bad:  Horrible, horrible, horrible mapping/routing program.  As stated in other reviews, the unit has a hard time generating bike routes over 10 to 15 miles.  The has three routing settings: car, bike, and pedestrian; using the bike routing function the routing program tries to keep you path off of any and all major streets.  For example, the 6 block route to my grocery turns into a 10 block tour. Also, a 65 mile tour turns into an 88 mile trek. There are several toggles in the routing program to avoid highways or toll roads; Garmin customer service is quite good but was not able to rectify these routing issues.I plan to screw around with the unit for another month and then return it if no learing/progress or updates are provided.  This is simply a horrible product for routing.Summary:  This is a horrible product for routing which was the main marketing promise and reason for my purchase.
Rating is more like 3.5 stars:It is an expensive unit, but there's not much on the market that has so many features. Most early adopters will have fun playing with this device.It is remarkably light given the number of features - in fact, it is as light as my small previous computer, given its cadence sensor was wired (wire weight adds up quickly).First, the positives:-installation on Mac OS X was flawless - the SW has some major issues (below),-device setup (both HW and profiles) was trivial-customizable screens on a LOT of data.The negatives-I doubt (no trials yet) the battery will last 15 hours with the backlight on, even for brief moments. I think Garmin knows this, which may be why the unit will not remember your backlight % strength setting: it will drop to 0% each and every time you sync the unit-The screen is all but unreadable without the backlight at 100%, and, even then, is hard to read, in a common case: when the device itself is in shadow (your own, cast over it from riding on the hoods of a road bike), but full sun is out (presumably the rider is wearing sunglasses)-The mounting bracket is the weakest I've seen in a long time. There's a huge amount of play between the unit and the mount - and it's all plastic, with a single tiny plastic "foot" that keeps the unit from flying off - so: at least on my road bike, it rattles quite loudly on occasion (on pavement). The mount itself will quickly starting rotating around the handlebar (horizontal mount) unless you carefully place your own compression in the right places by the cheap plastic ties included.-There's no temperature reading. This is quite strange, given the unit is feature rich, and the barometer should be temperature compensated.-As the prior reviewer commented, the prebundled street maps are unviewable in Garmin Training Center. Since this is where you would add course notes (I am not sure of their purpose: they don't appear on the unit as far as I can tell), where detail matters, it makes course notes - and all the map viewing - really weak, as far as I can tell. On OS X, there is not option to overlay on Google Earth (presumably Windows users can).-Even though it's somewhat pointless due to lack of accuracy, there's no estimated power. One must purchase ANT+sport enabled power units separately. The current list are good ones, but they are very expensive.-SW has a few bugs here and there, especially GTC, and Garmin Connect ... even a few on the unit. I am sure these will be fixed in several months or so.[Update: Garmin must receive a major demerit for their ability to manage software. Over the course of a year, they've fixed only a small fraction of the SW bugs on the unit and in GTC, and, in once case, introduced a new major flaw (the entire left hand pane of GTC wouldn't update), and took over 4 months to repair it. Ironically, the only fix in this update was this bug they introduced. This unit still has several very annoying SW flaws, a year+ into its release. The good news is, I suppose, none of them fatal - those have been fixed]
I won't rehash the gripes others have expressed. This unit has software that well, it seems like they must only have a couple people on the software team. What about a programmable auto-off feature, something every bike computer has had since the dark ages. How about recognizing you're coasting when you want an average cadance. When something better comes along this thing is gone.
I've had one in hand for a few days now, and the one thing I would have done differently is to buy the 705 WITHOUT the SD card, and instead have bought the maps on CDROM (or DVD or whatever they are).  The SD card does NOT work on your computer.  I believe (but cannot positively confirm) that the CDROM (DVD?) will work on BOTH your computer as well as your 705, that will save you over $70.That said, the 705 is better than 3-star -- I'd give it at least 4 stars.  The hardware is pretty cool, the software is pretty lame.  The second day I had the thing, it seemed to perform flawlessly on my bike. Brought it home, and the history file was corrupt, I couldn't get any information off my 47-mile ride.  Bummer.  Since then, the history has stored OK however for 4 much shorter rides.The Owner's Manual is miserable, doing little more than showing you how to attach the unit to your bike and hinting at some of the features.  You'll learn much more about this thing by surfing the Internet than you will from any guide.The software is the worst.  No way to edit or truncate data (and note that you will get some erroneous spikes in your data indicating superhuman speed and heart rate).  The base map for your computer shows little more than highways and rivers -- who takes a bicycle on a highway or river?  You can get more detailed maps for your computer, but at about $80 a pop, too bad the SD card won't work on your computer, only in the unit (once again, you've been warned, DON'T buy the SD-card based map!).I do really like this unit.  Autorouting home after exploring during a 47-mile ride was VERY nice and gives you a great deal of confidence while riding.  But, I feel like a chump for buying the SD-card version.  Hopefully software fixes will come along for the PC.Hope this helps.
Beware of deceptive Amazon pricing policy. I purchased on 8/26 at $649.99 from Amazon.  I needed to pull up item today (9/1) on Amazon.com to get order details so I could write Garmin for City Navigator SD card instructions (City Navigator SD card does not come with any instructions) and was shocked to see that the same item is now being sold for $100 less.  I called Amazon customer service to inquire about price guarantee.  I was told that if Amazon itself is not selling product at the lower price, they will not provide price guarantee.  So, buyer beware, whatever price you see Amazon offering might not be the best pricing they offer on their site, and if they under-cut their pricing a moment after you place your order by posting a lower price of another re-seller, it's your loss!  Just bad Amazon pricing policy and a bad Amazon branding policy that creates a lousy Amazon buying experience.  Take this risk into consideration as you buy this item.
What I most value in a GPS is the ability to use it to direct me on a long ride, instead of using a cue sheet.I create a route using MapMyRide or RideWithGps and download it to the GPS and then it guides me on my ride without my having to pull out a sweaty cue sheet and look for my next turn.I now create routes that explore more scenic roads because I don't feel the need to limit the number of turns.A secondary benefit is the ability to upload the data from my ride and see where I went, what the hill profile was, and how fast I rode.I have a Garmin Edge 705, and it is ok.The major problem is that some gpx files are too large to startup on the Garmin in a reasonable time.  I don't use MapMyRide anymore because the gpx files for a 100 mile ride can take an hour to bring up the navigation on Garmin.An intermittent problem is the Garmin freezing during a ride.  When it does (a few times per year), I turn it off and turn it back on and keep riding.  The route stays loaded.But the most annoying shortcoming is that Garmin does just one thing and the interface and software are not up to standards I have become used to in the last year of using an iPhone.If I were in the market now for a bike GPS, I would seriously consider mating my iPhone to iBikeDash.The iBikeDash has a shock-proof, water-proof case with extra battery power.So you can use your iPhone for navigating your route using whatever mapping app you choose, plus you have all the additional power of your iPhone on your handlebars.With my Garmin Edge 705 I am limited to the unfriendly software Garmin provides and if I want anything else, like find a nearby food stop, I have to pull out my iPhone.
When I first got this GPS a little over one year ago, it worked quickly, offering visual and auditory street instructions in English, as well as French, Spanish, and a few other languages. The Garmin 550 visuals are easy to see -- in pictures as well as large font -- in addition to auditory instructions. You can program it to avoid highways or toll-roads, which is nice for anyone wanting to save money.The GPS comes with easy stick-on or suction cup devices, but, given the news reports on the number of cars that are broken into just with a tripod in place, I would NOT recommend putting anything Garmin or GPS out in sight after parking your car.Driving with the thing on my lap is difficult, but fortunately, the auditory part of the GPS is very helpful. When I want to see the visuals, I just pull over and look.It's a good device overall.My main complaints are as follows:1. Though it announces turns within .5 miles, for example, it does not "ding" like some GPS's when I get close to turning, and since I have the thing on my lap and not on my dashboard, it's hard to estimate where the turn is.2. It takes a long time for it to "realize" that I'm going the wrong way and report an alternate route.3. This is my main complaint given the change in how it used to be versus now: It takes a LONG TIME to start up (after being in the car or house).The latter complaint, that it takes a long time to start up and find a signal, is disturbing because this is a change from when I first got it.That said, I can't imagine my life without a GPS and often wish I had one for main life decisions and not just the car! :)
As with other reviewers, Amazon suggested I buy this with the Garmin Nuvi 760.  Although the case's construction/quaulity is fine by itself, it is definitely too big for the Nuvi.  Now that I already have the case I will continue using it rather than spend money for a replacement, but if I had it to do over again I would order the case that goes with the Nuvi 660/760.
Got it half price as part of a special Amazon promotion, but I didn't realize how much bigger the case is than the GPS it protects.  The width  is okay (5 3/8", but could have been almost 1/2" shorter for a better fit) and so is the depth (1 1/4"), but the height is 4 1/8" compared to the 3" height of my Nuvi.  So there is an inch of empty space on top, and whereas the unprotected Nuvi is pocketable, the Nuvi in this case is not. The case will protect my GPS, but I would much preferred it to be more form-fitting.  My mistake for getting a universal case designed to fit a variety of GPS models.
This case is well-made but a little too large for the Garmin 3.5" units like the Nuvi 200/205/250/255.  The thickness is just right but the length and width are about .5 and .75 inches too big.  That's really not a  problem unless you were hoping to be able to carry your Nuvi GPS in your pants or shirt pocket, as I was.Also, my case does not have the metal loops for a strap as shown in the picture.  Not a problem for me but just FYI.
This case does not hold the GPS tightly.  The GPS just slides up and down inside it.  Almost like it is made for another model GPS.
While the construction of this case is very nice, it doesn't fit the Garmin Nuvi units that it's being promoted with.  As the previous reviewer said, it's nearly an inch too big.  It also has various open slots that prevent you from using the extra space to hold accessories.TheGarmin casefits the Nuvi widescreen units perfectly, and the side panels are rigid enough the protect the screen well.  Despite the Amazon product title, it works fine with the 700-series Nuvis and not just the older 660.  It's a much better choice for these units.
Pros:* Very accurate GPS receiver.* "Trips and Pics" software is very flexible when used in "Classic mode".* Data can be exported into GPX format, which can then be used to set in combination with open-source GeoSetter to geotag both RAW, DNG, and JPEG photos according to metadata.* Easy export to Google Earth is very cool.* Very simple operation (only an on / off switch on device).* Easy to use for novices and flexible enough for power users.Cons* Small amount of memory, probably no more than 8 MB, which limits the devices recording potential when away from PC to dump data. Memory is cheap nowadays. It feels like could have included 32x more memory (256 MB) for $1 more.* Battery docks are expensive when bought directly from Pharos, so don't plan on being away from a charger if you plan to use it for 24+ hours unless you want to pony up the cash.* Built-in JPEG geotagging support is lame. It ignores any timestamp metadata and instead just syncs up with the file create date. Took me a while to figure that out. Might work fine for novice users, but annoyed me. Use GeoSetter instead.* Doesn't come with drivers for Vista x64. Annoying. Took me 30 minutes to find drivers.* GPS receiver / memory unit keeps coming off, preventing you from just throwing it in a pack without wrapping a rubber band around the entire thingI feel like this little device got overlooked in the market. I got one for Christmas this year, and it's been really nice to have. It's so much fun to take it with me when I travel or go out to take pics. My gripes with it are definitely not little things though, and so 3 stars it is.
Our pastor uses the large, easy-to-find switch under his vestments. It works, but there is still a noticeable &#34;pop&#34; when turning off; it is not 100% buffered. No &#34;pop&#34; when turning on.
This a good item if you need storage of any type. It was a little bigger than I thought it would be. The only complaint I have is the design on the outside. There are unnecessary bumps that were there seemingly for aesthetics. It didn't work in my opinion.
This product was listed as being suitable for the TomTom Go 720.  There are a couple of generic-sized pouches included.  One was entirely too small, no question.  The other was wide enough, if stretched to its maximum, but the '720 sticks out above the top of it.  The flap still velcros over, though.  But it's obviously an "accommodated" fit rather than a proper one.  There is no padding in the individual pouch, so it's going to shift and knock around within the confines of the hard case.  And it's much better than nothing, of course.  The other pouches are handy for all the accessories that go with the TomTom.  The velcro straps that are included as cable straps, etc., all need to be about 1/2 inch longer, as they barely go around the charge cord.  I used two attached to each other to make it fit.  Perhaps it was not actually tested for usability with the models for which it was indicated as fitting.  The outside of the case looks great, functions well. I've had good luck with CaseLogic products in the past, and expect this one to be equally acceptable.
I am on my third Omnitech GPS. The first one hung and never worked.  The second unit worked for a while and developed the same problem.  When I encountered the exact same problem with the third unit I was ready to throw in the towel.  Why, the Omnitech web site sucks and the support number always rings fast busy and no one responds to email messages.  The only number that rang was in French.  I left a desperate message and did receive a call from a girl who told me that this is a known problem when the volume is muted.Raise the volume ever so slightly and it works like a charm.Certainly worth the $119 that I paid and the $149 that Staples is now selling it for.  I did report the issue directly to Staples and spoke to a rep by the name of Tom who was very understanding and logged the problem.
Minimally suffeceint, ... but I got it for hacking. And @ that price you cant beat it.I have the gps program that came with it, its the bare minimum but ok, plus two other gps programs from other companies that run great w/ a lot more features and great routing. I also added an mp3 player and video file player.There is one issue: @ times the unit will take a while to pick up a satelite after being off for a long time, like say overnite. The longest was like 10 mins, but I do note that I do live in an area with a lot of trees. Also as of late this doesnt happen much and those start up times are down to 2 mins for the first start up of the day.So I actually rate it 2 stars compared to other GPS devices, but 5 stars! because if you hack it becomes almost 100% compatible to the competition.
The original software installed on this unit is buggy, buyers be warned... The software that came with this unit is horrible.  It would take well over 10 minutes to find a signal, making things very frustrating...Eventually, I made some software updates/replacements and now, it only takes a minute or two to sync up with the satellite. I suggest that the purchase only be made if you are willing to make these software adjustments.
Where do I begin? The POI is lacking and outdated, upgrade map is not available, short battery life (less than an hour), screen is not the brightest. However, knowing all that, I purchase one anyway because the price I found was too good to pass up last year (well under $100) since I know I can add application to make it a more powerful device. This is because it runs on WinCE OS (not to be confused with WiMobile OS on mobile phones/PDA) and the software are right on the 1GB SD card. Just buy another a 2GB (under $10), copied the 1GB SD card to it and have fun customizing it the way you like. You can start by search for the phrase "Omnitech GPSe forum" on your favorite Search Engine for more information. Just a warning, this is really for those who like to tinker with technical things, aka IT guy/geek.
The ad says that the dimensions are 4 X 5.  When I received the product it was a perfect 4 X 4 square.  I needed the extra inch so I had to order a second one. Now a 4 X 8 surface with two side by side.  I wish they would have been more accurate in the ad. I would have found another solution at the hardware store.
It works and is much less expensive than a handheld. Using it on a netbook with extended battery life makes it a very useful tool.
This GPS from Panasonic features a large, bright LCD screen.  It's also got a loud speaker and a very solid windshield mount.  (A dashboard disc is included for those living in Calif. and Minn.)Setup is easy, although practically no documentation is enclosed in the box.  You get 3D navigation map view, choice of routing based on type of vehicle (passenger car vs. truck vs. bike, for example -- can be a lifesaver).  It also features an "electronic compass" that keeps keeping track of your approximate location even when you're in a tunnel.But the software, made by Navigon of Germany (which has a line of its own GPS units), is really bad in terms of usability.  The symbols and text on the navigation map are *small*, making it hard to see where you're and where you're going, despite the generous 5" screen.  The software, powered by Windows CE, is extremely slow, whether you try to pan a map or enter a POI.  For example, I was in Yonkers, NY two weeks ago and tried to find a KFC.  I waited 3 minutes before any results came up (even though there *are* KFC's in Yonkers.)  I finally gave up and reset the unit.  Also, the software tries to auto-fill street names and zip codes for you, but it's really slooow, making it painful to enter anything.Speaking of zipcodes, Navigon is such a great company that they make you enter address by zip code!  If you don't know a zip code, or choose a city like San Fran or Chicago or NY with many zip codes, you may not be able to find a particular street or house number.  Real smart.
I would have given 4 or 5 stars, but Panasonic doesn't offer any software support for this unit. The major complaints about this unit can be fixed with a couple of patches. It's been out on the market for 5 or 6 months now, and there are no patches or updates of any kind. Ranked 25th by Consumer Reports. I bought it for two hundred bucks and still didn't keep it. This unit is very nice in many ways, just no support at all to fix its flaws. I used this unit for 3 1/2 weeks and I liked it. The lack of any support is mind-boggling in this extremly competitive market. Sent it back and bought a Garmin 760.............went online updated all the software and I love it.
I've given 3 stars for this review. I subtracted two stars right away because of the pain I've had to endure to get the software on my computer and ready to use. I'm giving the 3 stars on faith that it is not going to get worse from here, and because the price of this product is such a large discount off of what it would have cost to purchase the contents separately.I've had a tough time with this purchase, and I think my experience is going to be typical for anyone else who buys this product. I'm not going to review the software product here, but I am going to tell you what you're going to have to go through in order to get to use the product.First, expect not to be able to use the product for at least 12 days from purchase. This period should allow time for Amazon to process your order (which involves a 3rd party); the 3rd party will ship you an interim (Trial) version of the software and a card that has further instructions; you must go through an Activation process that requires you to register with Microsoft and tie your registration to an email address; another 2-3 day waiting period until you will get a Subscriber ID; and another couple of days to actually receive the software on DVDs.The Activation process failed for me when I tried to do it online, so I had to call Microsoft and talk to technical support. Eventually the pleasant young man on the phone got me registered, but then informed me that it would be a few days before I got my codes that would allow me to download the software I'd be eligible to use (which in total is many, many gigabytes). It would be a few days beyond that before I'd get the physical discs that were the real (non-Trial) software. (it took approximately 45 minutes for this call, but your experience may be different, especially if the online activation is fixed)I eventually (day 12) did get the final discs, and despite the box being in poor shape from shipping damage, the contents were fine.The products were warning me upon launch that they would expire in a few days unless I entered a Product ID. I couldn't find Expression Studio 2 Product IDs anywhere. I looked in the second box they sent me and in the Subscription Center online, but could only find Expression Studio 1 Product IDs. I had to call Microsoft again, and after being placed on hold repeatedly, finally got told that there were no Product IDs for Expression 2. The not so nice young man on the phone went as far as to try to blame it on Amazon saying they should not be sending me Trial software (even though it is an Official Microsoft boxed product with a "Microsoft Expression Professional Subscription Edition" label on it. No where along the way was it made clear, or even hinted at, that the Trial software could not be converted to full using a Product ID. Since this product is a non-Retail Subscription (my first experience with a subscription), the second set of DVDs that is sent to you is what they call "pre-pidded" which means that the Product ID is baked in. The only way forward was to do a complete uninstall of the Trial and re-install the Subscription version. (plan on spending a couple of hours for this process, even if you don't count time for a call to Microsoft to talk to the unprofessional rep that I happened to get.)The other thing that you should be prepared for is a lengthy procedure involving lots of dialogs, several dense web pages, needing to learn a fair amount of new vocabulary and acronyms, a few restarts, and installations of additional software that is required (e.g., .NET 3.5 frameworks and Silverlight). Any of these in isolation is not too bad, but in total added up to a lot of (unproductive/unbillable) time needing to be invested. (allocate at least 90 minutes for this portion)Now with all of that seemingly behind me, I can start using and forming an opinion of the product itself. The products are installed and seem to have their baked in Product IDs.I've toned this review down considerably from my first draft. I want to make it clear that I'm not trying to dissuade anyone from buying this product - I just would have liked to know what was in store for me before I had to go through all of this. Time will tell whether it was all worth it, but I'm not off to a good start with this product.
We bought this along with a year's service hoping to use it with our children. Our first real trial was a camping trip in which we pinned the locator inside a jacket. No tracks at all. It was well within all the Tampa metro cell footprints, and was clearly on outdoors for over 12 hours. Later, it went into the back window of a car, and got better results. I estimate that I can get a car location about half the time at best. The safe zones features was a big selling point for use, we were hoping to get emails/calls if our kids wandered away from school, etc. As it is now, I can't imagine it working in that capacity. It seems to be *okay* as a car tracking device. Maybe my individual device is at fault, but then maybe it's not.Bottom Line:IF... this thing could be counted on to get a location at least 75% of the time, I would highly recommend it, but since it doesn't seem to for me, I cannot in good conscience.
This was so simple to install and setup with my home computer.  This product really is a wonder.  We have had some problems with the text messages and notifications but at this point are not sure if it's user or product causing this.  I would recommend and have, the cost is a bit high for the usage, otherwise I do like this product.
These guys are the first and only one on the market.  If they weren't the only one, they would be dead by now.  On the other hand, their product does work most of the time.  It's difficult and annyoing to use, the web site stinks, it only works once out of every two times I try to locate my dog, and the features are limited, but it does track my dog, which nothing else will do.  So, I am glad I bought it and I do use it every other day or so.  Still, I hope something else better comes along, there is much room for improvement.
I just received this device.  Usaully I read reviews before I get a device and if I had I wouldn't have purchased this one.Did have some trouble activating, but customer support got back to me in about 30 minutes and everything worked fine after that.So far it is working fine, I hope the recent upgrades that were announced have made the difference.  I'll give the device another week, if no more trouble I'll assume the company as corrected the wrongs of the past and are selling a decent product. 11/02/11OK, after a little less than a week, it's going back.  I got it ahead of time and right when I needed it the entire Zoombak network went down, going on 3 days now. I have already ordered another device. This company just can't deliver. 11/08/11.Next day, 11/09 everything came back to life, the product is now working well, I will hold on to it a little longer, is now 11/22, still functioning very well.
We initially bought the Zoombak as an insurance policy against not being able to find my husbands aging father.  If this had been how we used the Zoombak, I would have rated it higher.  You can go onto the website and find its location at any time.  Had Dad gotten lost we could have found him.However, we put it in our own car after Dad retired his car.  Finding a location to mount the Zoombak where it would transmit but be hidden required 3 installations.It is very nice to be able to set zones, but the emails arrive in 15 to 20 minutes.  I set one zone to allert me when my husband leaves work.  He always arrives home before the alert arrives.I do like this product and would tell anyone to buy it as long as they knew these few glitches.
This Item works well. Sometimes the text's are a little slow when it goes out of the safety zone, but my dog got out of it's fence the other day and I got a text on my cell at work. I then called my neighbor and he found my dog up the street. This is a really great product for the price. Haven't had any big enough problems to contact Zoombak customer service yet, so I can't comment on the service, but product is made well.
It's good if you're using it during the weekdays. But on a weekend night, forgedaboudit.I had a mat case that lost the subject multiple times because I could not log into ZOOMBAK'S website.I'm going to look for a more reliable system and try to recoup some of my investment.I bought two of them and paid for the full year on both.Forget about getting a warning when the GPS breaches a perimeter you set around the GPS location or an address, it normally sends me an email or text 15-20 minutes late.By the time I get that info, the GPS could be in a different state.Who needs that?It's too bad because when I first got the units, they worked great all the time, I guess they're overloaded.
I bought this device in December, it worked perfectly, (the zone alerts, continuous tracking, etc.) until around April when I could not locate it. Called costumer service and after trouble shooting they determined it was a defective unit so they sent a replacement. Worked fine for 2 months then again I could not locate it. After troubleshooting and rebooting it 2 times it started working again. The one drawback and as suggested by costumer service "electronics need to be rebooted once in a while" but you just don't know when it's going to stop working and need a reboot.
I have tested this product for 2 months against a very accurate GPS device.  The Zoomback does not measure up to a high quality GPS device but in fairness the Zoombak is a fraction of the cost.  The Zoombak is consistently off by 1.5 mile in areas with moderate to poor internet reception.  I have never been able to get an accurate hit in areas with moderate to poor reception.In ares with good reception the Zoomback is very accurate, usually within the distance of a parking space.HERE IS HOW YOU CAN TELL IF ZOOMBAK WILL WORK IN YOUR AREA:It would be best to have a smartphone, but a regular cell phone should work fine.  Monitor the signal strength on your phone as you travel around.  If you're able to get a strong signal in most of your town / city then Zoomback should be fairly reliable.  If your cell phone consistently gets a moderate to poor signal, I would highly advise against purchasing a Zoombak.SUMMARY:This product works best if used for tracking objects that will be stationary for periods of time (such as your teenager's car).  Since it does not offer a live feed, you cannot track movement and therefore I find it unreasonable to expect this product to track a person or pet especially since it cannot give an accurate read most of the time.The product itself is easy to use.  Unfortunately the advertised uses do not warrant the monthly / annual subscription fee of $100+ per year.  Basically, unless your a Private Investigator, process server, or a repossessor and can fasten this to a vehicle in order to track a subject, I see very little use for this product.
I purchased this product to be placed in certain pieces of equipment I have (undisclosed) so I can track their movements if and when they are moved.  Occasionaly the updates are delayed sometimes by a few hours but all in all they come ok.Wiring Car Harness - becuase I do not have it installed in a Car.  The wiring instructions are not very clear on how to wire it to anything else even for the car.  If I were to install it in my vehicle, I would have to take the car somewhere where they do alarm installs or something so that I can get it installed by a professional.Battery life - When not using the car wiring kit the battery can last you about 3-4 days tops.  I believe the zoombak is being polled at 24/7 when powered on and that can be a cuase of battery drain.  But I would like to suggest that zoombak implement times when the zoombak should be generally polled by the customer BY LOCATOR.  For example in my particular situation I would not need for the locator to be polled any time after 10:00PM and starting again at 6:00 AM.  that's 8 hours of polling I don't need again maybe save on battery life. When I am charging it again, I am out of pocket with tracking and that is my down time.  Not a good thing.  My only option would be to buy a second locator, setup all the zones and times identical to the first and use them simoutaneously.The website can use some improvements.  Mostly a history of movements by DATE RANGE.  Sometimes I want to go back to a particular day and I cannot.One last thing ZOOMBAK can you create a feature to copy all the zones settings from 1 locator to another.  That would cut down on setup time and hits to your server.ThanksGsam
As a Private Investigator just opening my own business I needed a GPS for a surveillance case.  Most are in the $300.00- $1000.00 range.  So when I came across the ZoomBak for $99.00 I looked into it more closely.  Based on the description from their website, the price and my needs, it was a good buy.  I set it up so that I could use my cell phone as well as the web to check on its location.  Both worked well although there were times when the report came back on my phone: "Your GPS is located in New York".  Not much help there - I had to go back to my office to check it on the web.  It also does not have "pin-point" accuarcy. For instance it gave me an address that did not exist but if it did it would have been in the same general area as the GPS.  It also gave old - outdated street route numbers instead of street names.  If you go on the web - it shows both, but the cell phone did not.There are also several service plans that you have a choice of purchasing - none of them are explained very well. They do not have an "ala-carte" plan which I suggested to them.  So if you are not going to use this very often, you may want to think twice about purchasing it.Customer service is probably one of the worst I have ever come across.  My experience was so bad I wrote a letter to their corporate headquarters in New York City.  Too much to explain here but as I said it was horrible.
The Zoombak is a very cost effective tool, but it lacks consistency.  Sometime it works and sometimes it doesn't; more times not than does.  Features are awesome and website very user friendly, but the signal is so weak that it can not be placed under a hood of your car or concealed and work effectively to do what it is advertised to do.  The safety zone feature is neat, but does not work anymore after the first couple of months I have had it installed.  If the signal could be improved, it would work great.  I bought it as alternative to protect my vehicle instead paying for other costly methods of doing so.  I have the feeling they intentionally designed it the way they so as to avoid you concealing it.  Unfortunately, those that would use it for the wrong reasons have ruined it for those of us that would benefit most from it by using it as a theft recovery device.  Hopefully improvements can be made to boost the signal.
This device pretty much lives up to its claims. The idea is excellent. I think this is an excellent idea for geo-fencing. Keep it with your child and you can be notified via text or email if they wander outside of a user selected radius (minimum 200yds.) However, the update intervals are about 15mins and that's too much time to wait if a child is out of the selected boundaries. If they could make those updates immediate, it has much better use in this case.I also realized that they charge a $100 early termination fee on their contracts. There seems to be no justification for this other than the company's desire to lock you into a contract. Normally, if you get some significant discount on equipment like a cell phone, the company builds in this type of clause. But a retail device which requires a service contract (with no discount) doesn't seem to justify a minimum length for a contract. Pretty cheesy!Look before you commit.
As I type this I'm sitting trying to reach customer service to correct over billing for the fifth time in the last year.  Customer service sucks.  They are idiots and don't listen.  I had my first device break and it took 10 calls to customer service before they sent me a new device, over a period of 4 months, while I was still being billed for it.Then once I got the new device, I started being billed for both.  They would never provide a RMA to return the first unit even after 6 requests via phone and email.  So I still have it.I don't use the service often.  I bought it for my motorcycle as a anti theft tool.  The unit worked pretty well when it did work.  The software and online services they use have gotten better and better over the year and a half or so I've used it.  Before if the unit was in a parking garage or somewhere where it didn't have a perfect view of the sky it didn't work.  Now it's a little better using cell phone a-gps.The iPhone application is nice.Really bottom line is that the pros equal the cons.  As long as you don't ever have any device problems or technical issues where you'd have to deal with their lame customer service, it's fine.  Otherwise you'll want to run this thing over with your car.The battery doesn't last that long if you constantly track it.  And on standby, I get about a week out of it.  Now though they have a batt extender.  The monthly service fee isn't that bad.  At the time when I bought this a few years ago, this was the best thing out there for the price.  Now I don't know...Oh and the car power adapter I got when I purchased it never worked right and Zoombak never sent me a new one despite telling them about the issue 7 times.  Morons.
I purchased my first Zoombak car GPS device a year ago and it worked fine. I could go on my computer at any time and track the vehicle throughout the day. I purchased a second one a few months ago, and this one will not track the vehicle. It will only locate the vehicle at the time I go to check it. I tried contacting Zoombak about this problem, but did not get much of a response. I am a small contractor who cannot be with all his different crews at all times. The Zoombak locators where purchased so I could track their daily routine.
The unit works but it has limitations (like all GPS)The timeliness of the notifications would be an ara to improve on.  Sometimes the zone notices are sent 20 minutes after the zoombak arrives at the location.
I had no problems with the device. My problem is being charged 19.99 a month on my credit card. It says there is no activation fee. I paid $30 dollars to activate mine.  If you loose it and the battery dies you're still being charged $20 a month...fyi.
[...]is the most reasonable available ..I purchased this product at radioshack then you pay $10/month for the servicePros and Cons:Pros: better than most things available cost/product wiseCons: I had to figure out how to get it into a waterproof case ..and then had to use a harness to keep the waterproof case on ...bit of a pain but feasible ..can give you product names for these since did research to find smallest and most reasonable things ...but the product only works if on the back of their neck/back ..not front of the collar ..and it likes to "slide down" ..so it needs to be fixated to the back some how ..other problem is ..does not work as well amongst trees ...but not too bad (I'm surrounded by tons of huge ones ...sometimes I have to try to click locate online 5 or more times until it finds it when in trees) ....also, it only lasts a few days before it needs to be repowered again ..and the more trees around ..the more quickly it runs out of power due to working harder ...so ...it's not perfect ..but is good for when you go away and want to keep track of them ....for an everyday thing ..not perfect ..but not too bad.  I don't even bother using it anymore because it takes so long to hook it all up and then have to recharge it ..and usually will get a bad or no signal when it's working ...so ..well ..we just don't bother with it anymore.
We did a test of this device in a trucker's cab.  It was fine in small towns and cities but in wide open areas such as nebraska and wyoming it drops off the grid.  Web interface is primitive and clunky.  Otherwise it really does work.
For the price this device isn't bad.  Don't expect miracles from the little black box and you won't be disappointed.The most frustrating part was setting up the zoombak.  For reasons I'll explain later, it doesn't always register when motionless.I purchased this to keep on my young son when he goes away to travel camp.It is very small and lightweight. The feel is solid and well made. Packaging states that its waterproof, and I see no reason to doubt that.Problems come with setup, because this device uses cellular transmissions to detect its location.  In other words if the device is only hitting one cell tower, it usually won't be able to triangulate a location.Works well when the device is in motion and in a populated area.It runs off of T-Mobile's cell towers, so if you don't have T-Mobile where you live, don't waste your time.When it does work, it is extremely accurate.  I used my wife as a guinea pig and was able to tell exactly where she was at the mall, right down to the exact parking spot.Online website is easy to navigate and setup wasn't the worst that I've experienced.Just be patient and prepared to take several attempts to "find now"..
I own a private investigation company and we use the Zoombak to track various types of people. The product works great although I would like to see how fast the person is going and also the zones are a little delayed when a person travels outside of one of them. Other than that good product.
I got the Zoombak tracker as part of a deal I made with my teenage driver - she would get her car back (it was taken away from her due to several rule infringements) as long as I could put a GPS device in it.  I searched the internet for an affordable device and found Zoombak. I had it professionally installed and it has worked well.  The mounting bracket is not sturdy enough and it broke the other day and the unit fell out.Customer service is a disaster.  Absolute disaster.  I have spent so much time over four days - getting them to just send me a return label for a defective device.  And to get the SMS messaging to work - it worked before but stopped.  I changed nothing.  So don't expect any real help with customer service.  It is a HUGE negative for an otherwise useful product.The device depends upon the Zoombak website to be useful.  The website is fairly easy to navigate but it would be easier if it let you log directly into the tracking system.  I've set up several "safety zones" so I am alerted when my daughter travels in or out of the zone. I've used it several times to give her a call or send a text message asking her - where are you and why are you there.  Knowing that I can keep track of her when I need to has made me less worried about her and also has helped keep her aware of the limits that she has to obey.Overall, I'm pretty happy with the device and the way it works.  Other than the retainer clip (which could be better) and the website (which could be improved) it's a good item at a good price.  Just hope you don't need to use the customer service.
REUPDATE 06/04/2010:Cancelled today. I had to provide no less than 5 verification items and customer account representative still seemed unsure I was account holder... and this was even before they knew I was cancelling.  I think they really want to stop the "black market" on their units.  No fee since I have had it well over 12 months.  New things I have learned since original review:Unit is fairly heat sensitive and will stop working if in direct sunlight.The unit just couldn't be updated during one of their infamous update cycles.  They did exchange for a new one at no cost.I have downgraded review to a 3... I got my use out of it, "But", reliability was a continued problem... frequent outages and/or missed notifications during zone transitions.  YMMV.Cancelled account units are declared worthless and technically cannot be reused by others.Last but not least they are very aggressive on customer retention, I intend to watch closely and make sure account really does cancel.UPDATE 05/12/2009:Since two weeks ago, this device has suddenly started to barely work (three locates in 10+ days, when it should have had 40+ due to zone transits).  Nothing has changed in it's environment.  Call to support did give a 1 month credit (thanks) and an indication they were in the midst of a system upgrade that was to complete this last weekend.  Unfortunately, no change.  Will be calling again.--------------Installed this product in trunk of car.  Installation was painless and only difficulty was finding an "always on" electrical line.  Product came with sufficient material and wire length for installation into most locations.  Product seemed real inconsistent first 24 hours it was turned on, I was almost to the point of considering returning it when it suddenly seemed to "sync up" and has been rock steady since. Not sure why this is but power cycling it a couple times may have done the trick.  Otherwise works exactly as advertised but purchasers should be aware:Notification of entry or exit from a custom zone may be up to 15 minutes delayed, since product only polls location every 15 minutes.  When you do get notification it does report location of unit as of that moment.Due to this delay its possible for vehicle to leave and return from a zone in the 15 minute window and not get notified, but the timing would have to be exact for that to happen.Web site is aggravatingly slow (capacity issues?).  Much easier/faster and more convenient to do text message request of location.Text message response of location is nearest set of cross streets.Auto battery drain notification is nice, it warned me on one occasion I had not fully plugged in power cord.Continous tracking works nicely but it only updates location every 5 min for up to an hour, you then have to re-request (but apparently you can do this over and over as needed)For "where is the car at this exact moment" requests and slightly delayed notification of zone transitions, works perfectly.
I do like this device and it's features such as zones u can set up. However sometimes it can take 15-20 min after the device has left the zone b4 a text is sent. And although the device is stationary, the locations can jump back and forth between streets. I have also had problems with the battery lasting 5 days as in their info.... I rarely get it to last more than 3 in GOOD weather.
I purchased the Zoombak approx. 6 months ago for my teen age son's car.  After some initial problems setting up the zones, it worked fine.  I had to get help from the tech support, but I had no problems getting someone who spoke English well enough to work with.  The web site is slow when I try to "locate" my unit.  My first unit had battery issues, but they replaced it with a new unit with very little inconvenience.  My only complaint is when I try to locate the unit via my cell phone, I often get a message that Zoombak is "...unable to process my request at this time."The 15 minutes cycle on notifications can be a little frustrating, I often get the notice that my son has arrived at home before I get the notice that he has left school!Overall, I am glad I purchased the unit, it has given me more peace of mind knowing I can locate my son's car, especially if it were to be stolen.
I bought this product early this year to track my teenager in my car without his knowledge.  He uses my car to go to school, then work and then straight home, however, he had a habit of 'drifting' elsewhwere! I have attempted to fully charge the unit each time I use it, however, just recently, I charged it, went away for the weekend with the unit OFF, and came back and the unit was dead.  Even after a full charge, the unit lasts one or two days with an average of two "locates" per day.  The battery life is the biggest problem, and the second biggest problem is the web site to check the location of the device.  When accessing the Zoombak web page, it always goes to the advertising page instead of the sign-in page.  I would recommend a web page that stays alive longer than a few minutes before it logs you off.After reading several other reviews, I beleive I will call their customer service to get a new battery.  Thanks for the advice.
This product could use some work. The hardware itself is simple and well designed. It is rugged and simple. The issue is the online interface. It is almost too simple and lacks preferences or options. You are unable to check a log or bread crumb pattern. Sometimes information is unable to be acquired. Customer service though is very good and very responsive. This is used for vans in a service company and when it works it works very well. The whole idea of its use and presence is more as a deterrent rather then actually as a locator so it does work well for those purposes.
Pros: Small, inexpensive compared to competitionCons: Short battery life, poor software and customer service."They claim 'up to 5 days battery life.' Expect 2 days at best. I have charged it through 4 cycles already. It is a pain to take it off the dog every 2 days to charge. The good news is that it will page your cell phone telling you when to do it.The T-mobile network it uses does not have great coverage, but it might work where you are.I have spoke to five of their CS people, and none could speak good enough English to communicate easily. My first unit was DOA and they did send another.Their tracking only seems to update about every 30 minutes. It would be nice if it at least stored up samples every 5 minutes and then burst them through the network once per 30 minutes. Also they should send the speed and heading along with the location. There is a 'realtime mode' where it will update about once a minute or faster. Still, it should burst through intermediate positions, speed, and heading.Their service is NOT $10 as they claim. It is only that for the first few months. Expect at least $12.50 per month for service.Still, there are limited competitive options so you might want to get it. I am keeping mine."
I recently purchased three of these units and am dissapointed their performance. The safe zone notifications are random at best. Some timesI get them, sometimes they never show up. And, when they do finally show up, they say the unit just entered/left the safe zone right then.Battery life is irratic. Granted, it is early winter, but these units go dead in 1-1/2 days sometimes. The low battery texts are unpredictable as well. Defintely recommend the hardwired option in cars instead of relying on battery life.The web site is way too slow. The servers/software really need an update.The GPS signal seems to be very weak. ANY obstruction and the locator may or may not be able to connect.A log of past locations would be nice. You can't print or log anything on the site.I had problems with the units not charging correctly and not syncing up right at the beginning as well. But, now they seem to operate OK. Nothing to get excited about. Just OK.I wouldn't use these for anything really important. They just don't work as well as they should.
The Zoombak device is a GPS locator. Zoombak offers several services, ranging from Auto, to pet and personal tracking devices. I personally have the Auto device and this review is for said device.I'd actually rate this 3.5, however there are no half ratings allowed. The device is fairly small, about the size of a cell phone. I purchased it through a local mobile audio installer for what I thought was a fair price. I recommend installing this thing via a pro shop, however, if you are adept at installing electronic devices in autos this would be cake.If you get one of these devices you need to be sure of 2 things. The first, that you don't install it too 'deep' into the car. That is, you can't have a ton of metal around the device or it's not going to be able to communicate. The second thing is that you need to charge this puppy fully before installing it or it could potentially drain your battery and leave you with a dead car. I tried calling Zoombak customer service to find out how many milliamps this thing uses; what size draw on the battery and no one was able to help me immediately. I was however, unable to get the answer after about 15 minutes on the phone.After install, the device usage is fairly simple. You'll need to contact Zoombak and get on a payment plan; they had 2-3 different types available when I had mine installed. If you have the money, go with a semiannual or annual plan if they offer it as these present the best deals. You will also need to go online and set up a profile for your car, a login, password etc... This will allow you to set location points for your car. You are basically setting safety zones; The Zoombak will email or text you and let you know if your car leaves this 'zone'. I'm not sure how many you can set up, but I currently use 6 zones so know that you can do at least that many.You may ask why you would set up that many zones, the answer is this: I visit my girlfriends house, or my families and park the car and leave. Since these locations may not be my actual home, I'd want want to have the device communicate with me if the car did or didn't leave these areas.You can also locate your car via the internet using their locator option. The concept is pretty useful and straightforward, however, this technology needs improvement imo. The minimum radius you can set is 100 yards, which is fairly large. I'd rather know if my car moved 100 feet. However, I suppose that if you know your car is within 100 yards it may be easy to find. I'm skeptical though. In the right conditions, this would still be very difficult to find, such as a place like San Francisco where 100 yards equals hundreds of buildings, levels and alleys.So there you have it. I think the device is worth it if you can get it for 9.99 a month. Any more than that, I feel it's a bit overpriced. I think the email alerts and text alerts you can set up are great and I feel that the locator specifications are a bit weak and need to be improved.
works ok but sometimes its takes a hour to let you know that your car has left home.
I have this on my senior citizen mother's car.There are times when it alerts me that she has left home at wee hours of the night. So I start to worry and I call her, yes wake her up, and she is home and the car is in the yard. I check back on zoombak and it says the car is moving. So it does have a few issues although it works pretty good when the car is actually moving, it does locate it.
Does not always give accurate location data/information and skips over or does not see "zones" accurately. Sometimes information is over 5 mintes old or older. This device will also fail to work if the vehicle is parked anywhere near or in a parking garage even when there is full cellular coverage. Zoombak's equipment and mounting hardware actually conflicts with their own car mounting recommendations. Battery life is horrible and Zoombak's customer support  is an overseas call-center and the employees are rude and ineffective at best. I don not recommend this product.
No adapter cable furnished with package?  Have to buy adapter to fit scanner for an additional 19.95.  Should be included.
I've had 2 of these units and they last just about one and a half years. Not well made I'm sorry to say.I was able to do the repair myself.  Loose connection inside of unit. Its ok now.
I purchased this product because Garmin is known for good GPS units.  For some reason it would not stay connected with Nobeltec Odyssey and my Dell Laptop.  I could not get it to stay connected or even for Odyssey to find it using their connection wizard??  Also other GPS units did the same thing??  In the end, I think the issue was my older Dell laptop and Windows 7 having a USB conflict.  I finally got a Zenstar III to stay connected, but it was a struggle to get it recognized the first time??  I would not recommend Odyssey at this point since there are chart issues with it also.  The Garmin is probably a very good unit - I just had weird things happen without a real definite resolution??
this is my first GPS. honestly, I bought it because it is an LG brand product and also nice looking. but i found it has several cons after I first used it.before I bought it, i searched reviews of a similar product(LN 735) on Bestbuy. some said the keyboard was too tiny to press the right letter. For me, it is not an issue.....maybe because I dont have fat finger =P Plus, as long as you use to it, it won't happen a lot.Unfortunately, the problem of the LOW volume really exists. The voice is so light that I have to turn off the music to hear sounds from this GPS. This really matters, what else can you do in a car during long trip besides listening to music? So last time I was using it, meanwhile, listening to music I watched the screen carefully when it came to a turn I said it out instead of the speaker so that my boyfriend can hear it. Sigh...to do so, you cant drive alone =)On the other hand, it is a little bit too complicated to find a place where u don't  have the exact address. For example, I need to search Rever Beach in Rever. I used my roommate's GPS (Garmin n&uuml;vi 350) before. Normally I just need to pick the city and state then type "Rever Beach" the Destination comes out. But for my LG LN835, you can never search a place in this way. You have to go to Menu-->Place-->(A certain) Catalog to find it. And you are not 100% garenteed to find it out.(last time we ended up went home and googled out the address of Rever Beach) Once it gets the place you going, it comes out a detailed address w. the phone number and office hour.So far it seems no problem of picking up satelite signal. It is kind of fast response though. this was the reason I chose it too. And I bought it at the price of 179.99 with free shipping...it is fair to me though. If I have bought it as 300 dollars GPS? I can say it is completely not worthy.PROs: cool looking, bluetooth hands free, media playable(images, music)CONs: low volume, difficult to find unclear destination.
This GPS case was nearly half the price of Garmin's leather case and included a nice side pocket feature.  However, upon receipt you will notice that the 'leather' is either poor quality cow or high quality nauga -- hard to tell.  If you simply need a case to protect your expensive GPS, then this will do.  If you like the feel of a nice piece of leather in your hands and surrounding your electronic devices, then I encourage you to PASS ON THIS ONE.
I gave it only three stars as there is no indicator if the battery is fully charged or not. If it has an automatic shutoff I am not aware of it. It did charge my Garman. I bought this as I plan to charge  my Garman in a hotel room during a visit to Washington DC. I don't use a smart phone and the Garman will provide all the information I need after installing, at nominal cost a detailed city map.
I didn't like this product because when it arrived, the box was a in very bad condition and the charger inside was in an open plastic bag.  It appeared to be smashed and gave me the impression that someone had returned it and they didn't even bother to inspect and repackage it again.  I gave it a 3 star rating because the company was really good about my returning it.  They were prompt, very responsive and kept me informed every step of the way in my return process.
Yes, Zoombak provides real time location information. But there were some  expectations that were not met:- The option of a message to my mobile phone when the device enters/leaves a zone isn't reliable. It works about 80% of the time. When notifications do work, they occur about 15 minutes after the event has occurred.- The device only saves location information when you inquire it's whereabouts. I thought that I would be able to see a complete history of where the device had been, but when I look up where the device was for the last 6 hours, it only shows me where it was when I did an inquiry. So if I didn't inquire where it was for a few hours, I'll never know where it was. That time is lost.And then there's the disappointments:- The device must be within line of site of the sky. I am puzzled as to how they can say that you can mount it in the trunk. I put mine in the glove box and it couldn't communicate. It can however communicate through fabric (ie. the pouch on the back of a car seat).- Sometimes the web site experiences outages, or is slow. Although outages have been brief, it can be frustrating.Overall, I'm glad I got the Zoombak but I was expecting too much.
I gave it 3 stars based on its price.  I really don't think a battery this size should cost almost $30.  The one that came with my flashlight was almost ten years old and was still working but the light wasn't very bright any more.  This makes it bright again.  I guess the price divided by ten years makes it a bit more reasonable though if you look at it that way.  I looked at it as a small battery costing me almost $30!
Its just a battery. Price was in the average range and the shipping was good. Have not had a chance to use yet to evaluate quality
At first I thought this was a real piece of crap and it may still be since I haven't really put it to the test. The instructions are not very well written. They could have been simplified much better and should actually be linked to a demonstration video. The main key for me was obtaining a sim card with a designated phone number. For those who haven't used "go phones", its not the easiest thing to understand. I got my sim card from the AT&T store for free. I went online to activate and charge (monetary). Now I could send the SMS that the instructions tell you to do in order to find your device. The only thing that doesn't seem to work well is the on/off switch. It also seems to drain the battery quickly. I probably need to go through the manual again and activate all of the features. For all intents and purposes, I was able to track on my phone and it did show the exact location. I'd gone to websites which show a video demonstration of the unit which was somewhat helpful, but there should be more detail for setting up the basic features.
When you finally get the SIM card & battery placed right, & squeeze the cover back on, it does perform as advertised. The problem seems to be with both the battery connection and SIM card seating. After placing pieces of paper over the SIM card to hold that down - and to also hold the bottom of the battery tilted up and forward into its connectors - the unit worked. I used an H2o Wireless card and called them first to turn off the voice mail. I did not have to make a call with the SIM card in another telephone before I used it in the device.I use this to track a FPV quad copter because it weighs so little. With a battery life measured in hours, I am not sure this would be useful for anything more important.
does the job. once you have understood the sms commands, it's okay. No app on appstore or gplay. no car charger.
This nifty little product works as described with fast location finding and 65 channels instead of 54, but the software/driver is tricky. It installs as a Prolific USB to Serial port and is sometimes recognized by Windows as a serial mouse or a serial ballpoint. Windows does not recognize it as a GPS device at all. It includes the latest GPS driver from Prolific Tech., but that doesn't make any difference. I have been playing with it off and on for a couple of weeks and cannot get the included software to work with it at all. Microsoft Streets and Trips works with it, so I know it is working, but the included software does not work. Therefore the data logger feature is useless. Tech support is non-existant. Canmore's website has a little information but it is all on the enclosed CD as well. I have emailed the only contact for support, but so far have not received a reply. I am going to stick this unit in the desk drawer and by a Garmin unit instead. Don't waste your money!
The sensitivity of the touch screen decreased considerably with the foil on it. It did cover up the scratches nicely - that I liked.
This is a nice screen saver but the little air bubbles that they say will work themselves out in a couple of days have not. When the light hits it a certain way they are a little bit of a problem.
I would buy this again.It is a little thicker and my finger drags a little too much using it,but it is the best on I have found for my Garmin Oregon.
Super thick and lots of protection. Pain in the butt to install as its very hard material. Don't use with polarized glasses, you can't see the screen.
% -- PROs:- No frills, good battery life- Cheap- Data can be exported as text file, which allows you to process it with your own software, and *kml files that you can import into Google Earth- Choice of Miles and Kilometers- If you do email winplus, they get back to you promptly% -- CONs:- Displays Longitude, Latitude AND altitude, but stores ONLY Latitude and Longitude- Bulkier than you'd think- 5 seconds is the shortest logging interval- Included software is very basic- You NEED the firmware update- It's a closeout item, so no more updates- Little documentation% -- In the box: Unit, USB Cable, Car charger, CD with software (which is also available online, so I haven't even touched the CD) and a silicone sleeve for the unit.% -- I didn't buy this to spy on anyone but to track myself, in particular when I go for runs, to see how far I actually went. The Beacon does its job there, but not much more... In particular: In case that isn't clear yet, this unit is entirely passive, meaning it logs it's position at a fixed interval and you can look at the log afterwards, when the unit is hooked up to your computer. There are two modes, misleadingly labelled as "Sport" and "Navigation" mode. In Sport mode, you have the choice between logging intervals of 5, 10, 20 or 30 minutes, in Navigation mode that decreases to 5, 10, 30 or 60 seconds. It starts logging as soon as you turn it on, and stops when you switch it off, simple as that.When running, there is basically no choice but to hold it in your hand, which is okay, because despite being somewhat bulky, the unit is at least light.Back home, you have to install the software, which then lets you connect to the device, look at the traces and do one of the following with them: Get a google map overlaid with a polygonal path of your waypoints, get something similar on Google Earth (if you have it installed), or export the trace into a text file, which will consist of commas separated values of Longitude, Latitude and time stamp. Here is the first problem I have with the unit: While it is possible to display the altitude while the unit is on, the altitude is not stored, so you cannot retrieve it. Seems pretty stupid to me, when the info is available, why not store it?The other program that comes with it, "TrackStat", additionally displays the total trip length, and speed info. The speed is computed, as far as I can tell, by dividing the difference in distance by the time difference of consecutive data points, no smoothing or anything like that. Here we get to the second problem: The measurements are too noisy, to get good speed data, at least at the 5sec interval. For longer intervals I suppose it looks smoother, but the again, a 30sec average of my velocity when jogging seems too coarse.There are also some other features, like a very tedious way of setting way points. It also displays you a fancy little thing with satellites, but I was not able to find out, what that is about.In conclusion, it does what I wanted it to do for a pretty nice price tag ($35 in my case) and I am writing my own Matlab code for the traces anyway, so the software is secondary. I strongly suggest you look at the manual and the other info at winplususa's website before making your decision.
The unit works as advertised. If all you're interested in doing is knowing where someone/ something went then this unit will be fine. However, the software sucks, and it is very difficult to determine when the unit was in a certain place and for how long. Also, the software caused some stability problems for my computer. All in all, you get what you pay for... I'll be buying some better units to track my commercial vehicles.
The overall menu (GUI) is pretty good from my point of view. The menu buttons are for the most part self explanatory and with the HELP button (a very nice touch) it's not hard to find your way around this thing. The map display is pretty good and gives several options on how it's displayed. Another nice touch is the emergency feature of just touching the "Vehicle symbol" and getting local emergency info/directions on Police, Hospitals and the like. Options on the whole are pretty complete; enough that I'm not going to talk about most of them because I'm sure I'll ramble too much anyway. I will say though I haven't had a chance to see the real view junction thing, with only 3000 I didn't expect too much with that small of a %.The different ways to search for something by alphabetical, distance and maybe City/State (sorry I can't remember for some reason how that worked) are ok and it even tells you what direction per a little arrow it is from you. It doesn't support searching along the route just what's near your current position. You really can't fault that, as far as I know there's only one that does it on PC. The restaurant search luckily has an ALL button to help with finding the ones you just don't know how to classify. Burger King would be listed under fast food but Angela's can be a little difficult to figure out when you're out of town and meeting friends there. This does bring me to one of my first disappointments about this soft. All the buttons are very finger friendly except when you get to the search area (I think this is just for the Alpha search), for some reason they left the on screen keyboard at full size and give you this tiny little window and even smaller arrow keys. I think the display window for searches will only show about 2 lines of 15~20 characters (think of an old calculator with a two line display). Something it does nicely during this search and other input modes, is the auto complete feature. Kinda sorta similar to phones but this one will also show you names and places with the letters in them. If you type "urg" and nothing in its database starts with that it switches to Burger King with urg highlighted.By far the biggest cons for this soft would be' the card setup; POI handling; menu options that just don't work in a way that makes sense; and the routing has some issues too. I have an iPaq 211 used for work/play and thought this soft would be a nice addition sense I carry it around all the time anyway. With the program locked to the card I can't use any of the other much/bigger better ones I have already. On top of that sense the 211 has both an SD and CF card slot, I can't start this without pulling out both cards and just having the proprietary one in by itself. Apparently even though the program wont work without the original card in, it still looks to the CF card first and if its not the right one it shuts down with no errors (it took 2 days and several back and forth e-mails from i-nav to figure that out). The POI handling should have been done with some kind of update/add option. I haven't had any problems with missing or wrong streets but the POI databases is lacking badly. One instance was a recent trip to a large chain store that had been there for at least 3 years but was not listed. On the other hand a very, very out of the way local store was. The routing seems ok most of the time but it has sent me way of track. I've never had a problem eventually getting to were I need to go. On a resent trip (600+ miles) it took me on a 300 mile detour (the whole detour was 300 start to finish, I can't say how much it added to total trip mileage). I read somewhere it has historical data on traffic that can and will effect your routing. In my case it shunted me up to another interstate by way of back roads/old highways instead of going thro a major city. On the way back it let me go thro but that was a Sunday early morning. If this is the case and it was trying to save me then great, but either way it took 2 more hours going then coming back because of it. The destination handling is problematic under certain circumstances. This coupled with itinerary or stop over options can leave a bad taste. On one instance while trying it out I had it "stop over" at a local supermarket. When I arrived in the parking lot it had the destination target somewhere in the store, without physically reaching that I couldn't proceed to my next stop without starting the trip again. Another trip had the target on the large property but no where near the entrance so again I either had to drive around the back or just start the trip over (there maybe away around this but didn't look to hard for it). This brings up another menu problem. While on a trip its way to easy to cancel your whole route by accident if you don't complete the adjustments the way it wants. What I mean by that is if you try and use the stop over option to find a restaurant or gas and don't see one you want; exiting that search can exit the trip altogether. The fog alert is mostly useless. The idea is to warn you of any 4 way intersection that may have cross traffic. The problem is it sounds when you get to the intersection not before. On a highway doing 60 it would sound after it was too late to do anything about it anyway. The Route Demo is an unbelievable joke. It will show you in real time the whole trip with turns and voice props. To explain that further; if your planning a trip that will take 9 hours the Demo will take 9 hours too. It's completely worthless unless you're into watching paint dry then It may be worth something (if I'm wrong about this and someone can point out how to do it right let me know). I think the longest I let it go was 30 seconds.All in all I'm still giving 3 stars for the many features that do work well and it has never gotten me lost. Plus with the possibility of update/fixes and some third party POI tools, there's hope for even the things wrong with it.
Started as per instructiuons.  So far ok. Will have to see if it maintains temps. and performs for more than one season.
seems like it will work OK, but it is too tight for iPhone to fit with any other case (like an Otterbox) on it too.
This product is worth the money.  I don't know that I would renew it after the 2 year expiration , but for the initial update, it is nice.  There was a road connecting to my neighborhood that my Dell never had, once updated this unit worked like a charm!
Really sized for the 3" version.  It does handle the 4.5" version,but there are some gaps in the closure (clasp has a stretchy cord to close.
It was fine, fits a 4.3" unit, but it's slightly unnatural how the top flap only folds half way down to fit the larger models.  Watch the video review to see how it works.  In addition, for the very slim models like my Nuvi 3450, the case is 3x as thick as the gps, so it takes away from the portability
its just ok and dont use it much
Good leather pouch, fits a 3,5" GPS very well but is too short for a 4,3" GPS - fits tightly but it may be used anyway.
Good looking case, but too tight for my 5&#34; Nuvi from Garmin. I carry it in the case when I leave my car in a bad neighborhood. Very stylish.
This case is nice and compact and easy to put the garmin in.  The quality of the fabric is good.  You still need to put the cord and plug separately and plug and un plug it all of the time.  That is kind of a hassle but the case keeps the garmin clean and protected.
I don't see the elastic cord lasting long since its being stretch to 99% of its limits. I didn't want to cheap out with a universal case...but it looks like I did :( [only paid 9.99 shipped for it tho]
I have the Garmin 1690 with the 4.3" screen.  While it does fit you have to really stretch the elastic loop.  It will wear out sooner than later.It is a nice case so I'm going to give it to my daughter and get something else for my 1690.I would not recommend it for larger screen GPS units.
Does what it supposed to do. Protects your Garmin GPS, although like most Garmin products, I think it's a bit pricey.
This zebra case wasn't what I expected.  I thought the pattern would be printed on a hard plastic case.  The case is pretty hard, but the print is black velour on silver.  The silver is a softer material that shows scratches and dings quite easily, and the black velour picks up dust.  Not a big deal though.I was looking for a case that would protect my GPS and be easy to find, and this case will work just fine.Some other reviewers mentioned that the case isn't the perfect size for a Garmin Nuvi GPS.  This is true, but the interior has a mesh pocket and my GPS fits nicely in this pocket.
I recently purchased the IDC Personal Pocket GPS LocatorIDC Ecco Intelligent Digital Compass Personal Pocket GPS Locatorfor my elderly mother who has occaionally lost track of the location of her parked car (she lives in one of the boroughs of New York City, and parks on the street).  I liked the simplicity and compact nature of the device - the device slips on to your key chain and there are no complex maps or multiple options - just lock your location, do your shopping, then hit the "Return" button to pop up an arrow which shows you which way to walk and counts down the distance as you approach your car.However in my actual testing I found deficiencies that will result in my returning this product. New York was bitter cold and windy during my recent visit. I tried setting the location of the car from within the car.  However although the device indicated "READY", the location that was locked did not seem to be accurate and the car was not properly found when we hit "RETURN".  On another occasion, as we exited a store and I hit "RETURN", the compass did not seem to work and indeed had to be recalibrated - only 3 days after I had initially calibrated it, and for no apparent reason.Thus, for a tech savy adult, but with poor directional skills, this device might work out, but for an elderly adult with poor or virutally non-existent technical knowledge, this device is not quite ready for use.  The time to lock position in the area where I tested this was about 1 - 2 minutes (a NYC street with 1 - 3 story family homes), which seemed a little long, and not convenient during winter use. Furthermore, as noted above, the compass calibration failed and the calibration procedure is simply too complex for the non-technical elderly to understand.
I have to say...I thought that this product sounded so great.  Unfortunately, you have to wait between 1-3 minutes in order to be located before you can set your coordinates.  This is not a long time when you are truly away from home and want to locate your car, but when you are at a department store and don't plan on being there for a very long time...to wait even 30 seconds before you can leave your car is quite a long time.  This device does not know height as well.  This means that if you are parked on a multi-level structure...it could not notify you as to what story you are on.I had to return this item for a refund.  It is a neat idea, but maybe not quite its time.  Maybe if IDC makes its locator faster...then this would be something I would be interested in.I hope this helps.
Once I opened the package and looked the mount over I found there was pitting on the one side of  the mount.  Not exactly why I bought the chrome mount.Another thing that I not happy with is I purchased a chrome mount and then RAM puts black U bolt and nuts to hold the mount in place.  Why are the U bolt and nuts not chrome?
We used the dog tracker during the 2010 deer hunt in Ontario, Canada in November. We hunt typical deer range with a mix of swamps and open hardwoods in fairly hilly country. The best range obtained was 1.4 kms(not even one mile). This range was obtained in open hardwoods standing on top of a hill. Typical average range was around 0.8 kms which was adequate for most of our "runs". Watching the dogs run on screen is quite entertaining but this is not why I bought the unit as I can also hear the dogs when they are "on game". The objective was to find the dogs once they get outside of our run or the deer get through the line of watchers. Our deer run a lot farther than 1.4 kms and I can't keep up with the dogs to keep them in range for the tracker. I think that the effective range would even be less during the summer months with heavy vegetation cover. I did not have an opportunity to test the Astro Portable Long Range Antenna as this is just too much stuff to carry when you are a long way from camp.The overall rating for this product for deer hunting with hounds would be "somewhat usefull with the limitations indicated". We are going to try this product this winter on coyote hunting with hounds in more open country.
I bought this several years ago and I'm finally getting around to typing a review. I've tried a few brands of passive data loggers (Land Air Sea, Q-starz, and Visiontac) and decided to try this brand.  I bought it due to the claims of being more sensitive to previous models.  My overall assessment is fair. It didn't pick up and get a fix as well as the Visiontac and Q-starz brands while inside a structure. The instructions do state to have it facing the sky. I don't remember how long the battery lasted while turned on from a full battery to a dead battery. I don't remember it lasting more than a day.  Finally the Trackstick mini stopped working.  The green light would come on when turned on and instantly go off. I put it inside my car for several hours and returned home only to find that it recorded nothing. I never used it for over a year and connected it to the computer and ran the Trackstick manager software and it stated the battery was 100% full.  I'd recommend not buying the Trackstick mini.  Look at the reviews for the other Tracksticks. My best overall Passive GPS datalogger is the Land Air Sea brands.
Purchased product based on Price and reviews.I have not used it yet nor activated the system.It will enter service in Jan and we hope to never know if it works.Stars in this rating mean nothing but the system has no selection for unable to give rating.product arrived in reasonable time.  Packing looked new but had been opened.
I bought this device to be paired with a bluetooth GPS adapter for my Nikon D300.  This receiver is nice, small and light.  It has a silicone case.  It acquires the GPS signals really quickly.  Software is great.  In fact, I will probably now just use the receiver and use the software to geotag my photos without the GPS adapter.  It's that easy.  Having said that, I could have probably gotten the lower model and be just as happy as long as the software is the same.  But I will give this device only three stars.  Minus one star because the light on it is hard to see in the daylight.  You have to shield it a bit to see if you turned it on and if it has acquired the signal.  Plus it uses a proprietary connection to the USB port.  I haven't found a place that just sells the connection so be careful not to lose it.  It also uses a battery that the end user is unable to change.  So you'll probably be buying a mew one when the battery dies.  Minus another star because when I emailed the company about 3-4 days ago regarding buying an extra cable, I have not gotten a response.All-in-all, I'm happy with my purchase.  It's not perfect but with the software, I'll probably do away with my GPS adapter.  One less thing needing to use my 10 pin slot on my camera.
This does the job but it's more complicated for what I needed  in my work.  Sometimes you have to change the scale to show where the properties in the case of my work. And that has the effect of eliminating the street names altogether.  I would have preferred the earlier version that I used for years but that version would not work with the computer I just purchased.
The threads, at least on the one I received, leave a bit to be desired.  It takes some fiddling around to get them to line up exactly right so that it'll close tightly.
The case is nice to carry the TV and the earbuds, but it would be better if there was room to carry the adapter as well.  Just make sure you're fully charged before leaving the house.
The Nokia Ovi Maps is now freely available on many of the Nokia phones - especially the new models, such as N8, E7, and even for some older models such as E71. All upcoming models such as Nokia E6 will also have the free Ovi Maps - which has the free turn by turn - car navigation or walk option.  So, make sure you check if Ovi Maps is freely available for your Nokia model before making a purchasing decision.  I hope this will help.R/ Zaf(note: I had to rate this item to be able to post.  3 star doesn't mean anything, but only to be able to post this comment.)
I teach map reading and orienteering. I bought this more for demonstration purposes. I would never rely on it in the field but then it is not wise to rely on anything that uses batteries to find your way. This compass is mainly a gimmick. It is useless for orienting a map. The temperature is not always accurate but it is close enough. The altimeter is inaccurate. The only way to set it is to go to a point where the elevation is known and then adjust it but  because it relies on barometric pressure to determine altitude, it will become inaccurate if the pressure changes, which it is constantly doing. However, it is O.K for an estimate. The instruction booklet is not very good. Trying to figure out how to set the declination, change the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit, or to change meters to feet is not explained. I still haven't figured out how it all works and I have been to the Celestron website.If you don't mind having the extra weight, take it along but also take along a good magnetic compass.
I was not able to make sense of the instructions for the barometric pressure and altitude.  The other functions worked well and it is a handy size.
I purchased the Celestron TrekGuide to use as a back up to my GPS. I like the fact that it shows the temperature and has the barometer on it. Those seem to work great. The altitude button gives me some errors and does not work very well. Perhaps it's user error but I haven't taken a lot of time to figure it out so, I can't be sure if it's me or the device. The compass seems to work just fine. It's lightweight and comes with a lanyard or a smaller strap that has hook and loop tape to keep it together. Nice if you get hung up on something. We ride horses in the mountains and not getting hung up is a big plus in an emergency. Overall it's a decent product for the money.
It's basically a tracking unit.The most important thing is to sync time-position date with pictures having time data.It implies that the sync software is a key factor.They don't have a software for a mac user, who I am.I have to move to a windows computer and sync photos with positioning data.
Does a nice job of logging. The included software is able to save log data as a gpx file. Does not do anything other than log and the included software is limited.
Used this on a two week trip to Europe, and it tracked flawlessly.  It is not Mac compatible, so you need a windows PC or run virtual windows on you mac to use the software.  That said, the software is horrible, not at all intuitive, synching photos for example is tedious but can be done.  Had to make a cheatsheet to understand the blinking light indicators.PRO:Long battery lifeAccurate trackingStored a 10 day 3000 km trip without problemInexpensiveCON:Not Mac compatibleHorrible softwareUnintuitive blinking lightsProprietary USB charging cable
I have this radio on our boat and it sounds great but the controls are impossible to use when driving the boat.  I have the radio in a small cuddy above the wheel and throttle and using the knob to choose a device or radio station is extremely difficult.
First off lights up blue and looks cool.Controls and navigation not intuitive.  Clunky knob push control weird to use.  Its a rotator, but also joystick like.  NEED BOOKLET to get going.  NOT SIMPLE;1.)  Iphone syncs up but controlling music library through KENWOOD insanely confusing via USB.2.)  Ipod struggles to sync up with cable run more than 10 feet.  Kenwood will do overthrow on ipod if cable 10 ft or less.YOU CAN:  Set IPHONE on hands free capability and works great( * ) EXCEPT you can't control VOLUME from iphone;  NO OPTION...so if your IPHONE is nowhere near the stereoand you don't have the remote;  NO GOOD - ie: iphone in flybridge, stereo below, no volume control - booDoes a fine job working if you set volume and forget it;  Personally I need ALL control features.80g black Video Ipod syncs up eventually but you cannot control ipod from itself.You can only control IPOD from the stereo, which is insanely confusing2.Ipod reads KENWOOD controlled on front which was cool, but the hands free operationdissappears for the ipod;  Works on iphone.So, if your ipod or iphone is NOT near the stereo, pass on this model.OUTSIDE OF THAT, all reg. features are adequate, except low end, super weak -For the money, I expected FULL freedom with iphone and ipod.I tried to get this stereo to run from my iphone / ipod via USB so it would charge / sound better etcYET I'm still using the headphone jack ( AUX ) as my controller inand skipping the USB;  So my iphone / ipod are not charging as its controlling the KENWOOD.You tell me, worth it ?
This is the first time I've used a GPS, and I admit I was impressed at first with this product.  It's pretty easy to start using in a basic way right out of the box, and I followed the recommendations of prior reviewers to delete the foreign language voices in order to free up enough space for the update.  The Google search feature was nice, and we put it to use one evening when we couldn't remember the exact location of a store - something we didn't realize until after we'd already left the driveway.  I'm still not very clear on the difference between "three months of LIVE Services--TomTom Traffic" and "Lifetime Traffic Updates included," but with a short commute I don't need to use it on a daily basis.Unfortunately, I don't find this product to be very intuitive for a new user, and my teenage son summed it up best last Saturday when he finally said "this thing is so frustrating!"  (When a teenager expresses that sentiment with an electronic device you know it's not easy.)  At the top of the list is the "screensaver" type of advertisement that keeps popping up, replacing the route - you can tap the screen all you want and it won't go away till it's finished.  I like that it immediately adjusts if you miss a turn, but following directions for alternate routes when traffic is heavy was confusing (and it's always dispiriting when you notice the freeway traffic clears up contrary to what the GPS says right after you've chosen that alternate route - which turned out to be through a shopping center parking lot full of stop signs).  Voices were a bit annoying in some respects, and it inexplicably calls the 101 north freeway "one west one west."I compared it to a Magellan GPS a friend has, which had a 2D top-down perspective which I found much easier to read than the psuedo-3D forward looking perspective of the TomTom (the negative of the Magellan was that twice it directed us to the wrong restaurant).  The TomTom has a number of cute yet unnecessary features, but which will probably appeal to some users, such as a number of different icons for your car and downloadable celebrity voices (for about $13 each you can have Mr. T or Darth Vader tell you where to go).  It's probably a better product than my experience has thus far shown, but so far it's been pretty frustrating.
This GPS seems to be slower to respond to the touch screen and to process routes then was the Tomtom One XL it is replacing.  Maybe that is because the IQ Routes requires it to process a larger amount of data? For whatever reason, it generally seems slower to respond and calculate.The IQ routes generally work as advertised, although it does not always choose the fastest route.  If you drive off the planned route, recalculating new routes seems slow.The Traffic is coming from the LIVE feed and the FM RDS-TMC.  While this feature is also slow to calculate initially, it seems to work pretty well.  I wish it gave you the details of the new route before you have to decide to accept or decline it.  As it is now, it gives you the message that a faster route has been found and asks if you want to take it- but does not tell you what the route is unless you accept it.  Then, if you decide it is not a way you want to go, there is no easy way to return to the previous route.Self created POI's prompt you for a telephone number, but then will not display it.  It offers you a "Call" button which would be great if it was a Bluetooth enabled GPS, but it isn't.Overall, I am satisfied with its core capability get me to my destination, but I am not impressed with all of the extra features it has.  It really needs a more powerful processor to make them work at a more useful speed.  I really liked my One XL, but I'm not sold on this one yet.
I pay to subscribe to the LIVE service.  My TomTom does tell me to take an alternate route when there is bad traffic, but the problem is it is always...when I'm already in the traffic.  I realized how bad a job it is doing after I installed a competitor's app on my iPhone and used both head-to-head.  The competitor's product always tells me before the LIVE service.  Maybe its just where I live, but I no longer use this item.
This navigator is okay. On the positive side:The screen is very clear. I like that there are different color options when it comes to viewing maps, though I prefer the default setting.It is easy to program the address where you want to go. I also like being able to set my default home address (though I am guessing this feature is probably standard for GPSs). I like, too, that the GPS remembers where I have been, so I don't have to retype a lot of addresses.I know other people have had difficulties with downloading maps and not having space for the new maps on the GPS hard drive, but that has not been an issue for me. I did delete all of the unnecessary stuff (like extra language options) before I began updating maps.The bad:The battery life is not great at all. You better plug this thing in at all times or else you might be without directions--which also means that this "portable GPS" is not really that portable.You have to update the device constantly.You also have to keep pressing "I Agree" to hints, tips, or  contracts that you have agreed to in the past. Maybe I have to do this each time after I update...? I'm not sure.My main complaint is that the voice selection for the GPS is very small--especially when you consider that all voices besides "Computer" will not say street names. I had to learn that the hard way; as I was trying to get home from an unfamiliar place, the device kept repeating, "In a quarter mile, turn left, then right, then left." It didn't give any street names. When I changed the voice back to "Computer," I did get street names read out to me, but they were difficult (though not impossible) to understand. At the very least, I can say it was easy to change the voice settings once I pulled over.When I compare this GPS to my husband's smart phone navigation system, this device is far worse. There is only one voice option that lets me hear street names, and it isn't that clear. This GPS has a really unimpressive battery life and needs to be updated all the time. Overall, I would not recommend this device. I think I would try a different brand or maybe just buy a smart phone.
This XL 340TM has a few limited functions. The voice was too low most of the time and suddenly gaining very high. The instruction for the route was slow.I have nothing to complain compared to the price I paid for it.In conclusion, it's usable.
Have had XGPS300 for a few months now, using Navigon instead of Dual's map app.  Quality of case may be issue, film peeling off back of unit, for $200 would expect better.  GPS picks up sats quickly with wifi disabled, if wifi on, map apps will rarely connect with unit.  After driving around with unit for a few months, I miss the traffic capability I've had on other GPS units.  Traffic is a big downside for me and at this price point I'd consider looking for a unit with it built in.  I'd give Navigon 5 stars, but the XGPS300 due to cost and lack of traffic only 3 stars.
Update 9/18:  While it took a while for the new unit to become available Replacing it was very easy and didn't take too long.  Right out of the box, it was obvious they addressed the problematic issues.  The new finish on the unit looks more durable.  Only time will tell on that.  They included an audio chord that has eliminated the high pitched noise it was making before when I wasn't playing audio through it. And the new cradle fits the unit better so it's not so difficult to get it out.  That was most likely the reason it broke before.I'm giving it a 3 star rating until I have time to use it a while.  If it keeps working and looking the way it does now it will most surely get a better rating.Update 7/22: Dual promptly arranged for a credit to iTunes for me to get Navigon.  I hope the replacement for my unit goes as smoothly.Update 7/20: Dual has since put a phone number on their support page and I am working with them to correct my issues.  Once I see how it goes my review will change.  They have indicated that they will replace my unit as well as the car mount.Two weeks ago, apple upgraded iPod touches to iOS 4.0 and the free maps that come with the XGPS300 no longer work.  I've also had an issue with the finish on the cradle chipping.  Plus, the car mount is of poor quality and let's out a high pitched whine when no audio is being played by my iPod.  I've sent a second support request to address the poor quality of the cradle and car mount as well as addressing the fact that NavAtlas no longer works with my touch since I upgraded to iOS 4.  The first reply only addressed the iOS 4 problem.  Even then they just said they are working on it.  If I don't get a reply to my satisfaction I will then file a complaint to the FTC.
When I first bought the Trakteq I was very impress not only is it a gps also is an e-reader,you can put pictures on it,music,and a bunch of other things.I didn't know that it had all these other functions,even my 10 year old plays with it alot.The only problem I had with it was the customeer service I had lost a piece of my Trakteq,getting through was the hard part.It was just a good thing I didn't lose my reciept so I was able to send it back with my RMA number which took forever to come.I had no real problem with this device would love to get another.
I bought it through Walgreens mail-only website. Had it been available in-store I think I might have returned it by now. I haven't installed a memory card and played with the multimedia functions (music, video) yet.Pros: Sturdy build, thin, 5" touchscreen, multimedia capable(?), price.Cons: Less user-friendly than my 2 year-old Garmin, hard-drive based internal memory seems to make unit response sluggish at times, battery life not great, screen too dim in daylight.This is the "deluxe" model. There is a higher priced (Premium) model that is said to have Bluetooth capability. What this one has is a built-in FM transmitter that allows you to play the GPS units audio through your car radio while tuned to a particular frequency.The supplied manual states that the Trakteq company is located in Illinois, however it is written in what appears to be a "translation" of English. Another reviewer stated that many of the reviews on the Walgreens website sounded "canned," with a total of 31 reviews and 5 (out of 5) stars. I would agree.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the pink and the design and the fabric used....however, I can't use it properly unless I strap it to my thigh!!  The band is just WAY TO LONG to tighten up around my arm.  And I am not some skinny tiny girl complaining, I am average.  Right now I have it pinned up....I plan on diggin up the sewing skills to fix it.
ordered for tom-tom gps,gps fits,but bean bag is to large to sit on dash of my 06esalade.
I know that this is a GPS device case, but I am using it for my Samsung Galaxy S3. I have the Metro PCS S3, but this would work for the others as well. As popular as the S3 is I had a hard time finding a pouch/ sleeve that would hold my S3 and protect it while I also had a case on the phone. Theres a couple out there, but they are very slim and designed to only work with the S3 bare (without a case). So after a lot of research and shopping on Amazon I decided to change my search criteria to GPS cases as well. And thats when I found this Navitech case. I ordered it not fully sure it would work, but thankfully its perfect. It holds my S3 with a case on it, and has an extra pocket in the front to hold an extra battery, or sd card, etc. I have added some pics to the product page to show how it fits. My S3 is my only camera so I had to use the case alone, and the cardboard cutout that comes with cases in the pics. But you'll be able to see the fitment in the pics. If your looking for a pouch/ sleeve that will hold your cell with a case on it this is a good choice. The exact dimension are 5 1/2" tall, by 3 1/2" wide, and .70" thick. Or 139.7mm tall, by 88.9mm wide, and 18mm thick.UPDATE: I just wanted to update this after an issue I have had. The material on this is pretty low quality. After only a couple days I was putting an extra battery into the front pouch on this and noticed a scratch and dent on it. I didnt care much because I was using it to protect my phone. Then a couple days later I noticed a tear also in a different place. The material is pretty weak, or maybe the one I got was defective. Not sure. I thought I finally had a good pouch, guess not, back to searching.
Well the case suits the intended purpose. It's really nothing to go screeming your head over and announce to the world how great it is but it's just that &#34;OK&#34;.
Not quite as nice in quality as those through Garmin, but not as pricey either.  Does waht it is suppossed to do - protect the GPS.
the case is rather large for the unit: my gps easily slips out.  i put a rubber band around the case to keep it in.
The good news--Although it ships from Great Britain,  it arrived in 10 business days and the leather work is as good looking as the photos here.  Unfortunately, I bought this for a 2555LT and the fit is sloppy loose.  If the case isn't held very firmly or with the open side up, the GPS would fall right out.
Sometimes alarm goes off when our girl is standing right next to us. It does do the job, so it is great for the price.
Great price point. Does the basics. Great advance indicators. Detail provided and 3D capability works to satisfaction. Not bad at all!
It seems like a perfect gadget, but you actually need a sim card from a carier and that may cost you a fee per month.
I am glad i bought this. My kitty was staying out way to lake for me. after a sleepless night i looked for a product to help me locate him. this is pretty good for the price. It took a little while but now when we hit the locate button and my kitty hears the beeping on his collar he comes home. The first few weeks it was trial and error on wheather the thing worked but after we got a hang of it it works pretty well.
Experimenting with first cat, distance, range, all good. Then we watched him drink and plunk goes the totally non-waterproof tag into the water. Seriously, for this much $ you couldn't provide a waterproof device or at the very least, a plastic sleeve?? Unbelievable. Wrapped it in packing tape, which seems like a lame and temporary solution.
Device works well as stated, but I wish you could turn off the audible beep on the cat collar device.  You move to maximize the sound on the finder device.  Unfortunately, my cat moves to minimize the sound coming from her collar.  The cat is faster than I am, so she usually wins the game.
I sent this back in the end. I got it to track the cat as we had people fostering him and I didn't want them fretting about him getting lost. I went in with my eyes open having read all the reviews. My first disappointment was that when we attached the tag to his collar with a little keyring, it stopped working. I think the keyring put enough pressure on the tag to prevent battery connection. Another issue is if the cat happens to lie on it, your range is severely limited. It does work in principle, it's just not great in execution.What disappointed me most though is that the whole thing feels really cheap and flimsy. If I'd bought the cheaper $99 one I'd probably have felt less gypped. The only thing you get with this over the $99 one is the ability to register more tags.
So... I got it for my cat, Calico.1. Before this we kept the cat on a leech outside and we used a halter with a mesh front. Here is the one she wears now.  We use it now with the Loc8tor tag.http://www.amazon.com/Coastal-Pet-Pink-Mesh-Harness/dp/B002UKDI02Calico knows that the halter means she is going outside and the Loc8tor Plus lets her run free.2. We sew a small pocket inside the chest of the mesh. That's where the alert goes. It is snug and doesn't dangle.3. Read the reviews and you know that water is an issue for the tags.  We wrap the tag with Saran wrap before we insert it in the pocket.  So far, no problem with water.4. We have to get her in before the coyotes and bobcat shows up and we use food for incentive.  Her main meal is at night so at about 4:00 she is usually close to the house and ready to eat.  The Loc8tor unit finds her for us even if she is sleeping or under the porch.5. Also, she gets Greenies as a treat when we bring her in.  Her tag will start beeping when I look for her so she knows it is time to get her Greenies.  I think it helps.6. Batteries are expensive and the alert mode runs them down. Cut off the alert. Look online at the manual to find out how to take it out of "alert mode". While in alert mode, the handheld device and the sensor are in constant contact.7. The watch battery is expensive locally.  That's what the sensor uses.  Buy the watch batteries online. You can get 10 at a time pretty cheap here at Amazon.  Get the silver oxide for extended life.8. When searching the unit times out every few seconds.  It is irritating. Radio control planes hobbyist have started attaching the sensor to there planes/helicopters and offer this tip;  - when searching, just keep the white button pressed down and it won't time out. Some attach small clamps for that purpose because.....9. The hobby guys say they increase their range by mounting the hand unit on 16-foot poles. I have not tried that.I would give this more than 3 stars, except that:1. It isn't water proof and I don't think the Loc8te folks have come up with a good fix.2, This is a radio directional unit, which means limited range.  It works on line of sight.3. Some of the tags went out quickly.  I assume changing the battery will fix them.Still ... it helps me find my kitty and keeps her safe.  The more you use it, the better it works.Senor Frog
Not a bad game, overall, but next to no resemblance to actual history.  Yes, there was a war and yes, Germany, Britain, the USA and USSR etc were involved, but that's about as far as historical accuracy goes.  I've played it several times as several different countries and, in various games, Italy has declared war on Germany on the first turn, Germany has gone to war with Romania and Bulgaria, even Great Britain has declared war on the US! In one particularly bizarre session, France declared war on Argentina for some unfathomable reason.That being said, I still play occasionally, mainly because I can alter the characteristics of each nation in so many different ways; population, resources, technology, weapons, form of government and political leaning, to name some.  I probably enjoy setting up the game more than I actually enjoy playing it, because game play is just so arbitrary and unpredictable.If you're looking for an accurate simulation of WWII, take a pass on this game.  If you like to tinker, you'll probably like it.
This is a replacement item for another unit I purchased 2 years earlier.  The old unit turned yellow in the sunlight.  Also, it quit working in less than 2 years.  I purchased this unit to relocate in a enclosed area out of the weather and sunlight.  I hope it will work with the new condition.  I do not recommend this item if purchased to be in a boat sitting in the sun when not in use or you may have the same short life I received on the original unit.  This item is working well in the new location and I at the present time.Dean
No exactly what i was expecting, had to purchase an antenna as well, should of came with one. Would of bought a higher end vhf radio
Works fine
I bought 2 of these radios back in July one for my truck and one for a ranger.I had to jump start the ranger and it fried this radio without blowing the inline fuse ???  Makes no sense to me ,but the one in my truck still work good .
Yes like other said easy to installI was really let down because while the garmin 2597 powers up, the traffic feature does NOT workIt will still guide you and let the Bluetooth work just no instant traffic updates are lost with this cord
Only 3 tars because of Garmin's propitiatory USB pin out.  If it had the same pin out as the standard USB power cables.  I wouldn't have to buy yet another cable to drag around in the car.  This cable it's self is fine for what it is made for.  Just sick of all the damn cables.  Isn't it called UNIVERSAL STANDARD Bus?  Hence UNIVERSAL STANDARD which Garmin is NOT.  rrr..
No problem with how the cable functions, but it is kind of pricy for what it is.  You don't have to use a Garmin cable.
requires some knowledge of wires under the hood to install but works as promised, must use a volt meter to get the correct wire to power the device
Pretty much a non-brainer as it is pretty much a cord.  In retrospect, I should have built this myself as this was very expensive for what it is and the shipping costs are higher than they should be.  All in all it works but I would not purchase this type of product again.
Its an okay product. Build quality is decent. Doesn't work very well with my HTC 8x. The strap somewhat works but it is not very convenient to get the phone in and out of this thing. I am not using mine anymore, it is just sitting there on my desk.
Don't expect to see license plate, face, or good IR at night.  The screen wouldn't turn on after my first use.  Called technical support and my call was returned the next day.  The Tech told me to reset it, but had no idea where the reset button is.  There is none.  He told me to put a pin through a hole next to the SD Card to reset it.  It's a through hole and there is no switch.  The instruction manual (iDrive2) download from the web refers to resetting the unit whenever it freezes, but the manual does not show where the reset button is.The product was poorly manufactured with thin plastic cover.  I wished there were better alternative.  I decided to keep this because it's been several weeks and it worked again when I plugged the power in the cigarette lighter.  Power button doesn't work though.  It's just on when you plug it in, it turns on.  Also, you can't recharge the battery via USB cable as described in the Instruction Manual, can't view video by plugging the USB connected to the camera and your laptop.  Must charge battery via car power (at least my unit is).  Some of the functions and features descibed on ElectroFlip do not work.  I saw the sample video that looks nice in rural area, but can't distinguish much on closup.
I bought the Artec Guardian Angel Tracker because I have a 6 year old with autism and a 3 year old.  They have a tendency to wander off and I can't keep my eyes on both of them at the same time.  I thought this would be great for when we go to the park, mall, amusement park, etc.  I've used it at the park a few times, but it gets a lot of "false alarms" (maybe from cell phone interference?).  I tried to tell my kids that if their "bug" beeped, that meant they had gone too far and needed to come back to me.  When it kept beeping while they were where they were supposed to be, my 3 yr. old just looked at me confused.  Thankfully I have not had them get lost and had to use the search mode.  I hope that it would work it that situation, but I don't have a lot of confidence it it.  The manual says "Guardian Angel might experience interference & loss of signal in crowded location such as shopping mall, amusement park.  It is important to teach kids to go to an open area and stay there until their parents show up."  I'm afraid it may not work when I need it the most.  I was hoping that by buying the more expensive product, it would be a little more reliable.  I'm going to keep it because if it does work, it could be a lifesaver.I do like that it has a panic button on the "bug" and that it can help you tell what direction a lost person/object is in.
I purchased an older model of this item (AquaFix 406) about 5 years ago.  We called the service center (very nice on the phone) and they told us it would cost $160 to replace the battery.  It was their opinion, we would be better off buying the newer 2880 model for about $280.  We asked what it would cost to replace the battery in the 2880.  They said $50.00 labor, and they didn't know the price of a new battery, yet.  My impression is that there is a limited selection of EPIRB manufacturers, and you should look at other ACR device reviews before you purchase.  It may be best to think of it as a very expensive disposable unit.  I will probably buy a 2880 eventually, but I feel like I'm being held hostage by the battery replacement price.
It is a very high quality unit but I was counting on this PLB to activate search and rescue to my location if I were to have a snowmobiling accident in Minnesota while riding alone.  I tested it in 3 different locations and found that it worked in only one of those 3 locations.  These beacons must have a clear view to the Southern sky.  My 3 tests lead me to believe that it must be a clear view to very low in the Southern sky, (like nearly to the horizon).  It didn't work in an even slightly wooded/forested area in a river valley where I'm most likely to need it.  I think it would work best in flat unforested terrain or on the water.  Since it didn't work in the terrain I was most likely to need it, I returned it and the seller, (Gizmos for Life) accepted the return even after the 30 day return period had expired so I compliment them.  Note that these PLB's can be tested only 12 times before the battery is considered too low to be reliable. Then you must replace the battery at a cost of more than $100.
The band is small even though it was stated to beable to fit a samsug 3 mp3 player. a bare player just barely squeezed in but when I put a silicone cover on it  the band is not roomy enough for it.  would be good if it was a little bigger
Recently ordered and received the DeLorme InReach with some reservations - mostly due to the ongoing subscription plans and lack of reasonably priced plans - more on this.  The good - the InReach does exactly what it is advertised to do AND let's you know that it did it successfully PLUS with the Android phone powered on and paired lets you receive a text message reply!!  Cool stuff, especially if you go solo backpacking and canoe camping like I do - being able to stay in touch and send out an SOS is invaluable - BUT, not priceless!!Now, the not so good - the lack of reasonably priced subscription options.  The basic $9.95/month Safety plan is just that, for safety only 10 messages/month, no tracking - if you go over it costs you per message and per track.  I think DeLorme realized that folks would want to unlock the entire capability of the InReach so the Recreation plan jumps up to $24.95/month - YIKES.  This plan allows 40 messages/month and unlimited tracking.  Use them or lose them per month - unused text messages are not carried over from month to month.  To me, there should be a plan in the middle of the 2, perhaps 20 messages and a limited number of track points for $14.95/month - a bit more reasonable for people who are not off the grid all the time.While you can upgrade from a lower plan to a higher plan at no charge, a downgrade from a higher to lower plan will cost you $24.95 again - can you say cash cow and unreasonable DeLorme!!??Yes, I knew this going in and bought it anyway, I plan on using the Recreation plan from June to October + $24.95 to downgrade to the Basic plan for $9.95 the rest of the year.  As more of these type of devices come onto the market, prices will fall - hopefully!I also do think that DeLorme is a great company - I have and use an Earthmate PN-40 with Topo North America 9.0.  Tech support is great.  They just need to get real with the InReach subscription plans.  I will not give the overall InReach solution more than 3 stars without more reasonably priced and flexible plans - it's the whole package consumers are buying - not just the device.....
Garmin Ant+ Adapter is an interesting item for your iphone if you do not have a lot of $$ to spend on their watch. You still however need their Ant+ sensors.The Garmin S/W has a few cons that need fixing badly.Con:  No stride/cadence calibration for foot pod  ( Distances are way off if you run indoors w/o GPS )Con: No calibration for tire size on cadence / Speed sensor.  ( Again Distances on a trainer are way off compared to their watch w/o calibration )Con: Auto Lap does not work correctlyPro:  Auto uploads to Garmin Connect.Pro: Taking only one item with you on the road.
Good with Garmin App, doesnt work with digifit... :( So sad ... and I had to buy a second app
The Sensor works fine, but the app needs a major upgrade. Bit of a battery hog. My Iphone battery went from 100% to 33% after a 1.5 hour ride.Cannot upload to Facebook. Always results in an error message.Will upload to Garmin connect, but cannot transfer workouts to Garmin Training Center on my PC
It's hard to review this thing, all by itself, since, by itself, it does nothing. It requires, obviously, an iPhone, an ANT+ compatible sensor *AND*, most importantly, an app for the phone to receive the sensor data. So, I'll share my experience with this device, but I have to do so in the context of all of those components.The device plugged right into my phone and opened a screen that showed that the device required an app - two apps were offered - the Garmin app and the DigiFit app. I'd been using mapmyrun and hoped to do so; so, I dismissed that screen and opened mapmyrun. I found what others have mentioned - this is incompatible with mapmyrun, at least of this writing it is. After some frustration, I grabbed the Garmin (free) app. Again, as others have said, the app is pretty weak and didn't offer compatibility with my bluetooth heart rate monitor -Wahoo Fitness Blue HR Heart Rate Strap for iPhone. So, I bought the DigiFit app and, I have to say, it's AWESOME. It immediately worked and connected to both the heartrate monitor and theGarmin Foot Pod [Retail Packaging] through the ANT+ adapter.The FootPod connects quickly and reliably through the adapter with roughly 2 seconds to connect. I unit is small and feels relatively solid; it stays securely attached throughout my run and doesn't interfere with my case (from cufflinksystems)It's been working like a champ, since I discovered the DigiFit app. I should mention, too, that the DigiFit app, also, seems to be the best on handling sensor connectivity and "other" sources, likeFitbit One Wireless Activity Plus Sleep Tracker, Black.Although I'm utterly pleased with how things are working, now, I can only give this three stars because of limited compatibility. If you're not interested in using either the Garmin or Digifit apps, you should consider the Wahoo ANT+ adapter; I've heard that it has great compatibility with a great number of apps. Either way, though, you should check out the DigiFit app, if you haven't already.
For some reason, this device doesn't connect with the heart rate monitor 1/2 the time. When it connects, it's awesome! The information about my run is right at my finger tips with my heart rate. Plus I don't have to spend $300 for a Garmin Watch Forerunner I believe they're called. This does just the job once I paid $0.99 to get the Garmin Fit app for my iPhone.
I bought this to connect heart rate monitors to iPod touch and ipad.  I also bought multiple different HR monitors.  Each worked at times, but they were inconsistent, and often would refuse to connect for days.  It's hard to know if such monitors are generally finicky, or if there is some problem with this adapter.  I the end, I'd rather opt for a newer Bluetooth compatible device.
You get what you pay for, A SG 11 Skyrocket fits tightly and sticks out over the top, after a time of using it the arm band portion will get all stretched out.
For the ATT Samsung Skyrocket, which has a 4.5" screen this barely fits.  Had to take my regular case off and jam it in. But it does work OK, I don't see many options for phones this size, so for the price I would recommend it.
Based on the description and a number of reviews, I was expecting something that fit my iPhone 4s Otterbox Defender case more snugly, and was surprised at how much extra room there is. Also, the flap leaves a little to be desired when it comes to using the headphone jack, but overall, it'll suit my needs, and it gives me extra space inside for things like ID, a key, etc.
It ultimately &#34;does the job&#34;. I do find that if you sweat, the armband absorbs it and 1)fogs the screen so you cannot see the phone anymore and 2) Makes your phone wet. I have stopped using it at this point (I've run a few 5k's with it and used to exercise regularly with it) because I am afraid of phone damage.
Very, very, very large. Got it for my wife, but it was just too darn bulky for her. It's about 2&#34; bigger than it appears in any photo.
The case is a little big for my iPhone 3 with otter box but it serves its purpose. decent cade overall for the price.
Not the best fit for iPhone but will do. The holes should be in front of plastic. Would make it much to talk with out  ear piece
This is indeed an Armband, and it will indeed hold your iphone.  I bought it because it was for the otterbox, which is extremely large when compared to other iphone cases, I had hoped that this was going to be a 'custom fit' and in that I am disappointed.  I AM going to give this 3 of 5 stars, as it 'will' kind of do the job, however, after several minutes of trying to figure out how the product was supposed to fit a ear phone jack inside the case so that you can listen to the iphone inside an otter box case, with out modifying the case, or the armband cover, I'm still a bit mystified. (there is a flap that goes over the ear phone jack... to make this work 'right' I fear that I'll have to cut that flap off of the otterbox - not really an option.  otherwise, you bend the flap back and it props the clear plastic screen out far enough that it is difficult to manipulate the iphone through the face cover.  sigh - I'm going to end up spending Extra money on the other product that really does look like it was designed with the otterbox in mind.I think if you didn't have the otterbox case, this would be a great solution... I just wish they hadn't have put 'for Otterbox iphone 4 / 4s Defender Series Case in the title - I feel it is slightly misleading as it's really just a 'case' that is big enough to 'almost' stuff the otterbox in.  I'm sure with some more cramming I'll get it right.hmm, now I feel that I have been too Negative in my review - on the plus side.  it looks to be of high quality material, and well made.  the bands seem strong and comfortable. the iphone works great through the see through front panel. (as long as you don't try to plug in a head phone jack...or if you are willing to cut off that flap of material that protects the ear jack when your  not using it.)There is a nice Neoprene style flap that protects the arm from the buckle, I thought that was nice... really, if I hadn't specifically purchased this product for an otter box cased iphone, I'd give this 4 or 5 stars.there, now I feel that I have been fair and balanced.Wade Hone.
I should have done a better job reading the description, where it has the Product Dimensions listed as 5.3 x 4.6 x 0.5 inches... Will have to return it because the phone slides all over the place inside it. This thing looks like it was made for the Galaxy Note to be honest.Other than the size though, it feels like it's a pretty good quality. It has 4 holes for headphones, 2 on top and 2 on the bottom, left and right sides, as well as slits for either USB or possibly larger headphone jacks. Stitching feels pretty good for something as inexpensive as it is.Bottom line, make sure you know what dimensions you need.
Workings are very stiff. Very.. Hard to use.. Need to work loose, may be hard for females..All in all, not bad..6/10
this is not specifically for the phone, it is generic. the plastic cover screen crumples and distorts making it difficult to touch the screen. it will slide up or down my arm, it is not ergonomic nor slip-resistant. I can't say you get what you pay for because, I feel like this was a rip-off for the price it was. I probably could have gotten something better at the dollar store. If I had to do it over, I would have bought something else, but I'll deal with it.
This lens is very good looking, great color, unlike other colors, it actually hide the face detail off.However, I think there should be somewhere that mention the seller &#34;MocaBike&#34; sell the small/medium version instead of the L/XL version. I am not sure exactly what's the difference is but I actually mean to buy the XL version since it claim a 30% bigger field of view.
I have similar models for a few of my other radios.  When the OEM back goes dead in the field, there is nothing like just installing a few AAs in a comparable pack to be up and running again.  Was obviously cheaply made, probably overseas somewhere. The battery on one end was so tight it bulged out a bit, but when I got all the batteries in and tested it...I had to wiggle it around to get it to make contact, then the radio showed 9V. so it does work, just wish I could find a more professional model.  Rebuilding the OEM is good, about half the price of a new at PrimeCell. I stayed away from purchasing new ones on line, no telling how old the batteries are.  Could find a Lithium re-builder, just NiCad.
The QC was a little off on the grommets at the top.  I may replace them.  The rest of the case is very nice.
it does the job. It holds your iphone, but don't get white. It will get dirty extremely fast. Especially if you will be using it daily to the gym like myself. Choose black instead.
This product is okay,  Does not quite fit comfortably on the arm.  I have to re-adjust the arm band every time I needed to touch the phone's screen.
It states it works for an Iphone, but this is untrue. My does not fit in this case. It is made for an HTC
Its is what it is and what i pay for it.It is not a perfect fit for my samsung galaxy victory.
I received my band a little before they said it would come. It didn't fit my s2 perfectly but is workable. The power button kept turning off the phone, but with a little bit of tweaking, (cutting a small hole in the side) I works perfectly. Pretty happy with my purchase
The product is okay, I can suggest to manufacturer to improve the fit of the transparent lamina, because sometimes it doesn't work well for touchscreen and causes some problems to manipulate the cell phone
I use this for holding my phone, and other small items when I go running. It replaced a tune belt that I had for a long time. There are a few reasons that I do not like this item. It is too flimsy in my opinion. It sags on my waist. I think the straps should be made from a more heavy duty material. After only a few uses, it is already stretching. The plastic cover sticks to the screen of my phone, so it is especially difficult to get it out. I wish it could hold more. It has a little pocket on the back, that can hold a credit card, drivers license, and cash. That's it. If I try to stuff my car key fob in there, it pushes the whole thing out, and then it really sags and bounces on my waist. I like the fact that I can control the phone through the plastic. That is the best part.
Not a good fit for the Galaxy Note 3, its a very very tight fit.  once the phone is in the sleeve then the Velcro flap will not secure.Its soft to touch, material wise.  do like the extra pocket in the back and that it has a adjustable belt.  the touch screen still works thru the shield.
I loved this tune belt for the first month that I had it, but over time, I've noticed the neoprene isn't as stretchy and I have to constantly tighten the belt. I started out wearing it around my hips, but it kept sliding up, so now I wear it around my waist, even though it's not as comfortable.I do like that I can still use the touch screen. And I like that I can still feel and access the side buttons. It's a tight fit for the Lumia 920, but I feel like it's really secure when I'm running.
I have the Galaxy S3 and my friend that I walk with has an iphone. She got one of these and my phone fit really well in it even with its case on. So I ordered the one that I thought would be best for the S3. My phone fits if I take it out of its case. I would have been better off to get the same one that my friend got for her iphone. Other than that, I like it and it serves it's purpose. I can use my phone even in the sport belt.
Upon receiving this product, I'm disappointed to see that the phone goes into the holder through a slit in the neoprene, and there is nothing to impede the movement of the sweat that will be generated while wearing it into/around the phone. Surest way to kill your phone and invalidate the warranty is through moisture...I guess I'll slip it into a ziplock bag before putting it in the holder, but then really, what's the benefit--I might as well go back to slipping my phone (in its ziplock bag) into the back of my sports bra.
This is one of the few arm bands that my phone will fit in, so you can imagine my excitement. It is comfortable, easy to put on and does not slide down my arm once it has been secured, but after six or seven runs it has begun to rip at the ends of the velcro...
Pros:Fits nice and snug.Pocket for storing excess ear bud cord is very handy.Still allows functionality through the protective screen.Cons:After only 2 weeks of usage one end of the velcro is pulling away from the band.
The Aduro U-band fits my Moto RAZR Maxx perfectly, but there isn't enough stretch to it to keep it snugly on my arm. The neoprene is reinforced with a stitched border that keeps it from stretching so it often slips down my arm. An elastic band would be better. But other than that, it works great. I can control my apps easily as I run. I just need to pull it back up my arm once in a while.
the strap is a little small especially for anyone who might do any kind of upper body strength training; the Velcro started to tear away from the strap after about 4 uses and had to be sewn back on; great product just poorer quality
it keeps my razr maxx in place, even with an otter box on the phone.  it does what it's suppose to do.  the phone gets all dewy from the sweat.  maybe it should be more breathable.  also, i have to wear it around my forearm because my arm is too big.  aside from that, this arm band is ok.
It worked for what I used it for. But it stated coming apart only 2 weeks after getting it. Wish it was more sturdy
I've used this for my last 5-6 runs.Positives:- The material and build seems high quality.- Reflectors help at nightNegatives- It keeps sliding down my arm when I put it on top of my running jacket. Some rubber grip on the inside would have helped- The power on/home buttons on the Samsung Galaxy S3 are hard to access. The back and menu buttons DO NOT WORK. This is pretty serious oversight.- Working with gloves is hard. I end up leaving the screen on all the time rather than switching it on and off. This could be a problem for longer runs.- It is certainly not very water resistant. I worry about what could happen if it rains.All in all I'm not impressed. It does get a little better as you get used to it but button notches (or something of that sort) would have really helped.
It would have been nice to have a cut out for the headphones but other than that this product does what it says.
I purchased version 4 because Fugawi was offering a free upgrade to ver.5.  However I was told after purchase that Ver 5 will not work with charts older than 2010, which would have required me to replace all my charts.  Also there were some crashing problems for me on the ver. 5.,  so I opted to stay with ver. 4.
It arrived quicker than I expected as it was shipped from China. When installed in my vx6radio to charge the display says no batt. after it has been fully charged. The original batterythat it came with does not say this.( It should say charge full). It however does last for hours when fully charged. For a third of the price of local radio shops it is a great buy.
Looks wonderful... I've paid for a similar one for the Renault Duster; when it arrives I will post how well it's really made, how strong the FM receives & quality of sound.  I had the entire dash of a Classic Countach custom made around this product.UPDATE: Dec 12th; NOT RECEIVED YET; from SUNNY USA INC. They said they &#34;sold it too cheap&#34;.  However, WILLIAM SUN emailed me on December 4th and said he would send one out.... Time will show.
It is only OK.  It sits high on the already large 7&#34; Garmin, which I have on a friction mount.  If I put it in the best spot on the dash, it hits the windshield.  Also, it needs to be about 3/8&#34; wider inside.  As I've said elsewhere, only buy Garmin products for Garmin products, if you want them to work.  When will I learn?
It did exactly what it was supposed to do, we put it on the motorcycle and away we went. it was a good buy.it tended to fall off on the motorcycle if you hit a pothole but a little velcro and it works fine.
This does not fit my 7&#34; Garmin GPS.  I had to modifly it to get it to work pretty well.  I had to cut part of the tabs off on the back, and use Velcro on the top and sides to make it work.  Other than that, it does a pretty good job.
Sides of shade cover a little of the screen.  I had to heat the shade and reform it to fit good.
This unit looks and functions well for the most part. However, it comes with no support and mine had a damaged ipod cable which is very unique and impossible to replace. The front usb port on mine also doesn't work. I have messaged the seller/manufacturer (Square S) 4 times on multiple platforms over the past 2 months and have received no reply. I even told them that they didn't need to replace it and I just needed to know where to get a new cable. They claim to offer support but will not. Be aware that if you get a damaged unit (which seems more than likely) they will not help you.
Feels durable,  occasionally slow to acquire lock even when in open area, warm boot is fine though (time to acquire lock after recently using gps)Some delay when navigating through certain menus gets annoying.Not Compatible with Android App (garmin developers don't want to put the effort in)
I realy like this watch, the dark display looks cool, and the backlight is good for night activities without blinding people.  My watch had some type of defect on the display where the top two lines of pixels did not show up, made it hard to read the top line of text.  I returned it.
This watch has a great feature set and performs as advertised in nearly every respect, but the poor implementation of two key functions hampers its overall performance.First the good: Great "tactical"-style looks; plenty of useful GPS, timekeeping and other data at hand -- including sunrises; sunsets; moonrises and moonsets -- and tide data. The main timekeeping screen is very well designed with large numbers and other information. A cycling outer ring of notches enables you to track the passage of seconds at a glance, the way you would with an analogue sweep hand. Wears comfortably but it is a very large watch, the kind that can make it difficult to get in and out of your winter coat. I also like that it has a vibrate alarm, which means no need for an electronic chirp if you don't want one.Now the bad: I wanted a GPS watch to track the routes, times, paces and other data for walks and bike rides. The Tactix does so fine when it finds its satellite signal, but it can take 10 minutes, 15 minutes or longer to actually lock on. This means that if you start the GPS when you walk out the door, the time it spends hunting for a signal means it may not be recording that early portion of your walk or ride. If you want accurate data about your route and pace, which is the whole purpose of spending the money for this kind of watch, that delay in finding a GPS signal undercuts the whole point, and you wind up guesstimating instead of measuring.Compounding this problem is that the watch's software automatically resumes your last track when you start the GPS. Let's say you went for a walk on Monday, came home, stopped the GPS and recorded your distance and pace, etc. When you start the GPS for your walk on Tuesday, it begins adding your distance and pace to the previous track. You can stop and clear tracks between the times you use the watch, but not everyone will think of that every time. The default mode should clear track data when a user opts to stop the GPS.The GPS signal lag might not be a big deal if you plan to take this watch on multi-day hikes or you're most interested in its navigation features, which include a compass and the ability to find waypoints or track back to your starting point. But if you're considering using it as an everyday companion for running, for example, another dedicated fitness watch or device would probably work better.
I had a Garmin Forerunner 110 for many years before it finally died.  I replaced it with the Forerunner 220, their next generation.  Both are simple, easy to use and intuitive.  On the very end of the other side of the scale is the Tactix.  If you are in the military and your daily life revolves around the functions that this watch supports, I am glad Garmin makes it available to you.  If you are a just a basic hiker, go for something far simpler or recognize you just picked up a new hobby.
On the road not very good but  in town very good.  Hard for me to get used to using.But will keep trying.
If you are looking for a good communication device this is probably it.  I bought it for that and for the gps navigation capability.  I didn't read the small print so I expected a base map on the gps mapping function on the explorer.  Not so.  All you get is a white grid background.  You can pair it to your smartphone but then you have to pack two electronic items that each need power.  So, without a pared device it is pretty worthless for navigation.  I admit to being disappointed but shame on me for not reading all of the reviews which point out this deficiency.  The DeLorme marketing sure implies a &#34;real map&#34; on the device.Additionally, I contacted technical service via their email link and after four days have not received a reply.  Glad it wasn't a major problem with an imminent trip.
Just purchased this and am pretty happy with ease of use and GPS capability - basic but functional and accurate.  Messages sent from the unit reach recipients quickly, and satellite connections seem readily available.Delorme is missing the boat, however, in providing more detailed explanations of how the device actually works.  Aside from some basic FAQ's on the website and slightly more detailed downloads online, there isn't much out there.  Something that has been quite vexing to people trying to send text messages to the Delorme is that each message that comes from the Delorme to a cell phone seems to come from a different 10-digit number, making it confusing to send a return message to the device.  We are not sure that SMS messages are actually reaching the Delorme.This is a good device, but Delorme needs to step up the manual and provide more information on how the thing actually works and what it is doing.
Hard to rate this, since it has no direct competition.  And definitely a very full Five Stars for customizable two-way texting via satellite.  But only fair for navigation in the field (i.e., the feature that differentiates it from the less expensive SE, introduced last year), and horribly weak for pre-trip planning (until perhaps a future firmware and/or website upgrade fixes that).By way of my own personal background, for backcountry communication, I started off with a first-generation PLB, then the original Spot, followed by the Spot 2.0.I held off on the original inReach, since I was wary of cell phone pairing in the backcountry.But I bought the inReach SE immediately since it was a self-contained device, and therefore I suffered through DeLorme's initial lack of the promised syncing between computer and device (which allows contacts to be entered, and preset messages to be previewed) and many incorrect invoices.Eventually though all that was fixed with firmware updates, and I've been very happy with my SE since then.However, I was so tempted by the navigational features of the Explorer that I bought it immediately, since I hoped to leave behind the extra weight of my trusty old Garmin 60Cx.  (Alternatively, although my smart phone is pretty good for backcountry navigation, I can&#8217;t rely on it entirely since the touch screen is unreliable for ski mountaineering in cold and/or wet weather.)  Unfortunately, the Explorer so far has been deja vu all over again.So first I went through six rounds of attempts to get my new Explorer to realize that it was an Explorer and not some strange Explorer/SE hybrid (though this problem might have been unique transferring my SE service plan to my new Explorer).  At least DeLorme customer service was very helpful with that (albeit not successful until the sixth try).Based on initial use so far, as a GPS unit in the field, the Explorer is acceptable - barely.  No base maps, so tracks/routes and waypoints are viewed against a blank background.  (Yes, the Earthmate application uses the Explorer&#8217;s GPS fix to show your position on a basemap on your phone, but that's it for the app&#8217;s navigational features, even after having been around for years now, as it predates the SE version of inReach, so you&#8217;re better off using some other app like Gaia or Backcountry Navigator.) And although another two buttons would have greatly enhanced menu manipulation and other functions, but the Explorer still retains only the same limited buttons as the SE.  So when viewing the map, alternating between zooming versus scrolling is very cumbersome.For trip planning, the Explorer right now is abysmal.Perhaps a future firmware upgrade will fix this, but as of now, creating navigational data to be transferred to the Explorer can be done only when your computer has an internet connection, and DeLorme does not offer any sort of gpx file import.This is okay if your only needs are to view the topo website on the website and create a few obvious waypoints and/or a simple route following a trail, but otherwise . . .. . . more specifically, the Explorer essentially has three distinct sets of navigational data: Explorer-created lines called tracks, website-created lines called routes, and waypoints.1. Tracks can be synced to the website and then exported to a gpx file. The track memory can also be cleared on the Explorer to declutter the map view and free up memory. (However, for the latter concern, any track logging interval less than a minute prompts a warning about more rapid depletion of the battery, yet even a 10-second interval still provides an estimated week of tracking memory, and even a one-second interval provides an estimate day of memory.)2. Routes can be created, edited, and deleted on the website, synced to the Explorer, and deleted on the Explorer. (An in-progress navigation to a website also shows up in the route, but then disappears once navigation is ended, although that disappearance could be a function of my navigation testing not having entailed actually going anywhere yet.) No possibility though for exporting the route out from the website via a gpx file (or any other way), and no possibility for importing route data from a gpx file (or any other way). To create a route more precise that just clicking on map features: a) if the goal is to create a saved route from an Explorer-created track, then you can click away to essentially create a new line overlaid on the recorded track; if the goal is to replicate a previously created track in a gpx file, you can create a series of temporary waypoints from the individual tracklog points, then play connect-the-dots with your drawn route.3. Waypoints can be created, deleted, and edited on either the Explorer or the website, and synced back & forth. Waypoints created on the Explorer are automatically uploaded (at the user-specified message check interval) via the Iridium satellite network to the user's map page on the DeLorme website (and ditto for in-progress navigational &#34;routes&#34;), with no way currently to override this automated (and bafflingly free) uploading (despite the drain on the Explorer&#8217;s battery and the use of DeLorme&#8217;s satellite bandwidth). The only way to import or export waypoint data to or from an outside source is to copy & paste the coordinates.
So I do a fair amount of solo hiking--and cell service is spotty.  I wanted something that could summon help if needed.  I thought about one of the ACR Res-Q link PLB, but then saw the Explorer.  The Delorme is considerably more expensive and requires a subscription plan to be functional--the ACR PLB works right out of the box, no monthly costs--but all the ACR does is call for help.  The ACR has no way of saying what kind of help or letting you know help is on the way, etc.  So as I thought about it, it seemed to me that the Delorme might be worth the extra initial cost and on-going costs.  The ability to communicate with rescue folks seemed worthwhile--be able to say if it was me or someone else needing help, and what the nature of the problem was (big difference between "I'm lost, but I'm OK and I've got gear" and "I've twisted an ankle and can't walk" and "I'm really badly injured and need help ASAP")--and knowing help was on the way seemed pretty good.  I also liked the idea of being able to communicate with family/friends for "I'm running late, but I'm OK" messages wherever I am in the backcountry.  Since I do travel a bit internationally, being able to send texts from abroad seemed like it would be occasionally useful as well, and having the Delorme in my car means I can always get in touch with help or family even if I'm in the middle of nowhere New Mexico and have no cell service.  When I saw the Explorer also offered navigation, that further pointed me in the Delorme direction and the new Explorer specifically.I've only had the device a few days, so this is a very preliminary review.  That said, I'm not terribly pleased with the Explorer--primarily because I can't really tell the difference between the Explorer and the SE because the "navigation" features of the Explorer seemed incredibly weak--so weak that it almost feels like a prematurely released product.  If you click on "Map" with the Explorer you see a white screen with a location arrow for where you are--and you can see where you are in relation to waypoints you've made and the track you've created---but there is NO map whatsoever.  So you can't actually tell where you are in relation to any geographical feature.  If you use a companion app on a smartphone then you have a more typical GPS experience with the your location arrow laying atop a topo or other map.  But the Earthmate app doesn't seem to have any ability to import GPX files or to load other types of maps so there seems to be NO way to load a map that would have a trail you'd like to follow.  A primary use of a GPS or navigation device is to be able to navigate to someplace, but I don't see how to effectively do that with the Explorer.  I can go on-line and create my own "route" but I can't actually follow a trail since I can't see where they are.  This is pretty frustrating.  I guess if you were simply going cross-country (like hunters do perhaps) the Explorer might be more useful, but for me, 80% of the time on trails, it's no good.  Sure the Explorer has a compass and altimeter that the SE version doesn't, but my phone does that too (and my watch for that matter).  I'm wondering what the Explorer actually offers over the SE that the SE and my Iphone with Gaia or a similar GPS program does--and does far better.My sincere hope is that Delorme rushed the product to market, but will put out sincere effort into improving it via firmware updates--so actual maps, gpx files, etc will come in the relatively near term. I am hopeful because they seem to have a very active response on Facebook and even to reviews here on Amazon.  If they add some substantial features then I think this could be a FANTASTIC device--world-wide communication and true navigation in one.  I will however be very unhappy if nine months from now they haven't substantially improved the nav features, abandon development, and release some new device that actually does everything the Explorer seemed like it was supposed to do, making it clear that this was just a stop-gap money maker.I will happily update this as time goes on, but, for now, the Explorer seems quite good for SOS and simple communication pretty much anywhere, but all but useless for actual navigation given the limited feature set and barebones companion app.I do have hope that features are coming--Mr. Noble of Delorme responded to another review saying that GPX imports were coming soon and I've read elsewhere that the companion app was getting some work done too.  So there may be real hope on the horizon.  For now, I'm glad to have it--I (and my family) feel safer when I'm by myself out in the backcountry that I could call for help if needed.  I'll likely not use the nav features much and keep relying on Gaia GPS for that.  I should also note that the accompanying literature is not very complete and could use expansion and examples of how to effectively use the device.So three stars for now, with five a real possibility.  I'd welcome any comments from the good folks at Delorme.
Have had my Explorer for a week, and I am so disappointed with the lack of instructions for the unit.  I have googled for over 3 hours and printed off over 50 pages of info on it, including the entire manual.  But there still seems to be so much information missing.  In order to find an answer to any problem you have with it, you have to start googling and hope you get lucky.  Just 2 minutes ago, my phone made a long noise, and I turned it on, and have no idea what the noise is supposed to mean.  No message came in.  The first day I tried to send 4 messages from the top of a mountain.  I had no idea if they went through or not, and it turned out that none of them did.  There was never any option to try &#34;resending&#34; or anything and there was no message to indicate they had not been sent.  I paid just under $500. for the phone (in Canada) and I am so fed up with paying big money for items that don't have decent manuals to go with them.  I have 2 weeks to decide if I am going to keep it, and right now, I am not sure if I am going to.  And not because it doesn't work properly but because of a lack of a decent manual to explain how it all works.  I long for the good ol days when you received a hard cover manual with every electronic you bought. I have so many electronic devices and probably know how to use 50% of the options on each one, because no manual explains how the entire device works.  Why can&#8217;t companies make decent manuals???
This is a follow up to my review.  I received a second unit to test and review.  The second time around it did much better.Even with a second device in hand and successful setup, I feel it needs a more work and more quality.  The "fall" alert is functional but I had difficulty  getting it to consistently (the word consistently is key) to send alerts.  The device feels cheap and I wish it used better materials.  Mine initial unit was so stuck to the packaging that the back cover came off and I could feel how cheaply this was made.  I have to say when I received the second unit, I did not encounter this problem and the unit was intact.For an emergency response device, I want to feel more quality.One issue I noticed is that when it makes a call to "Alert" loved ones, the number is coming from an "888" area code and number.  If I received that call without knowing who it was, I would now answer it.  It's important to share that number with loved ones and let them know that if they get a call alert, the number will not be easily recognizable.  Best to take care of that ahead of time.The fall sensors were more consistent with the second device I received (the first one must have been damaged).Although this is a picky issues, I also did not like the silicone watch band that attracted dust right out of the package.  Looked horribly dirty after a couple of minutes.  It could be easily wiped off with a wet rag.My feedback:- use better materials that don't make it feel so much like a toy.- find a way to use a more familiar phone number - not a generic "888" if possible.- consider a different type of silicone for the watch band that is not such a dust magnet.For testing I used a Samsung Galaxy S4 running Android 4.4.2.
I'm quite disappointed, because I did the right legwork before opening the package to make sure I would be able to actually use it.  I read the package carefully, looked on the website, watched the videos, and it all boiled down to:  &#34;The V.ALRT works with iPhone 4S/iOS 7 or newer and any smartphone using Android 4.3 or newer with Bluetooth 4.0.&#34;  So I figured out how to tell what version of Android I have (&#34;Settings&#34;--then click on &#34;About phone,&#34; and you'll see the Android Version there.  Mine says &#34;4.3,&#34; which is supposed to work.)  After at least an hour of trying to make sure it would work with my phone before I opened the package, I was sure it would work with my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.I should have known that there was a problem when I couldn't find the app in the Google Play Store from my Android phone.  I was careful to spell it exactly the same, and still no luck.  Tons of other Alert apps, but not the &#34;V.ALRT&#34; one that the directions instruct you to find.  So I went right to the website that is listed on the box and in the directions, vsnmobile.com.  It's not obvious right off the bat where to go on the website, but if you wander around a bit you find you can click on &#34;wearables&#34; and then you'll find the V.ALRT information.  Oddly enough, when I clicked on the Google Play store from the laptop, there was the app.After a bunch more steps, it turned out that when I clicked to install it, THEN is when it said that my device wasn't compatible!I sure would have appreciated finding that out before I opened the package, and I thought I did my part in finding out ahead of time.All of that aside, during this research phase, as I said I watched videos and read about this product, and I am really impressed with it.  I will be upgrading my phone soon, and at that time, I will see if it works with the new phone.  One of the biggest draws is that there is not a monthly charge for using it.  I'm already paying for my smart phone and data plan, so it would absolutely be free for me.  The bottom line will be if it works consistently, because with an emergency response device, there isn't room for error. I do have to say, though, that it was discouraging to find that it's not compatible with my device, despite it meeting the criteria on the box and website with the requirements.
As a person with severe life-threatening allergies, this is exactly the type of device I have been searching for; according to the literature, it can be programmed to dial up to three emergency contacts and even send a message and general location. Due to the nature of my allergies, there have been times in the past when I'm unable to speak due to swelling of the throat and anaphylatic shock. Although I carry an epi-pen and other short term medications, nothing replaces a full emergency room especially when minutes matter.I really like the size, waterproof nature and NO monthly fee plus ability to wear in a couple of different methods. The versatility and cost would make this a winner...IF it worked for me. Unfortunately, I have the same problem as another reviewer below, despite the description, box and so forth this is NOT compatible with older 4.3 android models.After spending almost an hour trying to find the app (which would not come up  in a regular search...I resorted to taking a picture of the QR code and going to the provided link),I was greeted by a message that this app was incompatible with my device. Thinking I did something wrong, I started from the very beginning with the assumption that I must have scanned the wrong QR code (the one for Apple). I folded the QR code so that only one was showing (they are side by side) and went through the process again, tried to install and was greeted by the same message...incompatible.In a bit of despair, I turned to the product page and reviews only to learn that others (thank you for your review!!!) experienced similar problems with older android models. Although reassuring to realize I wasn't quite as inept as it initially appeared, I was truly disappointed not to be able to use this product.I've opted to give this a neutral rating because for persons such as myself, this could literally be a life-saver. I would very much like to have the ability to link several of these devices to a phone (according to the site, only one device per phone is currently possible). Once I upgrade phones, hopefully the device and service will still be viable. Great idea and I really like the look, feel and potential function of the product.
I had high hopes for this product. While it works really well, the app was the most annoying thing to deal with. It was easy to set up. Lots of control and ability to add up to three people/numbers to get the emergency text that you establish.I tested it out with another phone in the house and it worked well. Overall, the concept is great. But it has to be in close contact with your cell phone and the app associated with the device. So all day, it is binging and beeping whenever I walked away from the device (attached to a key ring in my pocketbook). My phone was constantly telling me, Device is out of range, device is connected, etc., whenever I would get close or far away. I'm not sure how it could be done differently but I ended up removing the app which obviously disables the device. So I will continue to search for a way to make it work for me but other than having it physically attached to my phone, I can't continue to listen to the message alerts every few minutes.
Meh, it was OK. Great idea, but I couldn't get it to always stay connected. It seemed to drop off the bluetooth signal regularly. Maybe a setting? I find it a big deal because you need it to always work and be very reliable. Otherwise, it is a cute idea that may work well for some folks. But be aware that you are on the leading edge of these types of monitors and they may not always reliably work the way you had hoped. For a personal emergency device, this might be an issue.Otherwise, it seems well made, somewhat easy to set up, and is nice and small to use as a clip or a bracelet, or a neck charm ....
As a emergency device for the elderly or ill its okay as long as they have a mobile device that's compatible. I tested it out with my IPhone5 and it works very well. Not everyone has compatible devices though. My Mother who turned 85 last month does not so there's not benefit received there. Yeah we could get her one but then that's a expensive requirement.
The V.ALRT personal emergency response device is a step in the right direction as far as personal ER devices go but there is still quite a bit of room for improvement.First off the basics: the device is easy to learn how to use, is light and fairly discrete and the app works pretty well for the most part.There are basically two types of uses for the V.ALRT.  First, it acts as a way of contacting people on your behalf (and providing your location) should you get in an accident or need assistance for some reason.  The second function can be used for kids, pets, etc for detecting when things go and come within a certain range of you phone.The first function works pretty well.  Was able to set it up and get it to contact with enough accuracy to say this works.  The big needed addition is the need to be able to do this without being tied to your phone via blue tooth.  Yes the product description clearly states that you need to have the blue tooth tether for this work so I'm not knocking that it's neccesary, I'm just saying that this makes it somewhat less useful than a version that didn't need to be either tied to your phone, or need blue tooth.  I actually don't like using blue tooth on an Iphone because it just eats up your battery.  Also, I like to do things without my phone believe it or not.The second function (detecting and notifying you of objects in range) just didn't work for me.  It wasn't very accurate and the range was much more limited than advertised (75 feet indoors, 300 feet outdoors).
Mixed feelings about this.  Have now lost my 2nd ones of these in about 7 months.  I think the problem is that after a few months the plastic band starts to stretch out.  While I liked this (and the previous one ) very much I'm not sure I'll by another.  I did like the ability to swim with it.  and likes how it worked (although be careful when you try to replace one you have to jump thru some hoops).  Given how much this costs am not sure it is worth getting one every 3 months.  The 3 is an average of a 5 for great product (when you have it) and 1 the for how frequently you donT have it!