The V100 is a great buy. It was easy to set up and calibrate, and gives consistently accurate readings. It stays securely attached to my windshield. The overall design is well thought out.I have tried many conventional compasses for my car, and they have never seem to work right. This one fills my needs, and at a very reasonable price.
This little wonder does exactly what it's supposed to do. It tells you in what direction you're driving. That's what it does well. What it doesn't do as well is stick to your windshield. Even though it has three suction cups, it still has trouble staying where you put it.But, aside from that issue, it works as advertised.
I recently purchased a PNI V100 Digital Compass for my father for Father's Day. I found that the compass is so sensitive that it reads more accurately that my GPS unit that cost me several hundred dollars. I have since bought one for myself as well.  For the price and if all you need to know is which direction you are heading, this compass can't be beat!
I've always wanted a compass in my car but could never find one at a reasonable price that worked -- until now.  All you do is insert a couple of AAA batteries, stick the compass on your windshield with its suction cup cradle and then calibrate it.  The calibration is very simple -- you press the calibrate button and drive your car in a circle -- it literally takes less than a minute.  After that the compass works perfectly, showing the direction the car is headed with large LCD letters -- N,NE,E,SE,S,SW,W or NW.  The compass automatically shuts off after a couple of minutes if the car doesn't move, saving the batteries. My only complaint is that the LCD face doesn't illuminate, so it's hard to see at night.  But other than that, this compass really does the trick.  You can't beat it for the price.
This is a nice product, if what you need is a little help on the road. Why pay for more?Just 4 stars, because it would be perfect if it was a little smaller.Anyway, I'm satisfied.
Easy to install and setup.  Good solid bracket.  Works great.  The only negative is it doesn't light up so its hard to see at night.
Compass worked wonderfully for my trip around New England this summer. Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is for want of a backlight for night driving. Remember to moisten the suction cups before adhering to the window. I forgot the first time and it popped off 10 minutes later. Never came off again the whole trip after I moistened them.  Worth the money.
Yes thisitem solve my problem where to place my GPS for aesy viewing and navegation
I've been using this mount in my car for almost a year now and it has held up well. I like the fact the holder comes off the base so it can be used in other vehicles with other bases. I use it on a beanbag style base in my wifes van and that setup works good too.The reason the mount only gets four stars from me is the fact that it is difficult, and sometimes takes two hands, to put the GPS in and to remove it when using the cigarette plug power cord.
The design was really thought out and the quality is superb.  This is just a great great item and would purchase another one.
This mount works very good.  The only lack is it only adjusts back and forth and the base rotates.  I had trouble mounting it in the car so it set upright.
I mounted this on my car and, yes it works according to the spec given and seems accurate. Gadget looks cool on the windsheild, however this position exposes it to direct sunlight. So I mounted it on the glass, covering the control panel on the dashboard. It does not look too cool there, but the manual says not to expose the instrument to extreem sunlight and also not to leave it in a parked car in the sun.(Now. that is bit of a problem. It is not easy to un-mount it each time we park the car in sun.)I don't really understand how the altimeter and barometer works. But it seems that Altimeter is a pressure sensor which assumes the car is moving and the barometer is the same pressure sensor which assumes that the car is stationary. I am yet to see how accurate the readings are.I think this is a fun tool. Actually bit expensive adult (grownup?) toy !. I am happy with my purchase.
Garmin Bean Bag Mount for GPS V (010-10195-00)This is not as sturdy or as easy to use as the windshield mount but it is easy to put up and down for short drives around town. This is important as with the rise of popularity of portable GPS systems they have become a favorite target of thieves. It is reported they look for not only the GPS itself but the tell-tale ring-smudge on the windshield. Then they break your window looking for the system somewhere in the inside of the car.
I'm so glad that I no longer have to "play catch" with the Garmin, which constantly slid off the dashboard!  We even drove down a dirt road and it stayed in place!!  What a relief!!
The bean bag is perfect for mounting on the dashboard. It is secure and configures well to the dashboard. It is easy to mount and to move to different cars.But it is only the bean bag, The mount to hold the Garmin is not included. This information is not included in the literature. The mount is about the same price as the bean bag. I made my own.
Two times I ordered and send back the Garmin Portable Friction Mount because the arm that attaches to the GPS unit and also to the mount was ot included in the package.  I could understand missing one time, but not twice.  This part was apparently shipped from Garmin, which was even a greater surprise that it did not have all the parts.Now, the picture with this questionaire does not show the mounting arm, however, when the order was placed, the arm was clearly attached to the mount.I finally went to Best Buy where I paided more for the product, but it had all parts included.
We were apprehensive that this would just fly off the dash if we turned a corner, but it works great.  We move the StreetPilot between my wife's SUV and our RV, and use the Gravity Mount in both locations ... and never have a problem.  It's heavy enough to not fly around, and the rubber "grabber" base works great.  If you're looking for a portable mount to move your Garmin from vehicle to vehicle, this is a good one.
The mount works well and is compact.  On very bumpy roads it does tend to travel a little
We use it all the time but it has a large footprint & our car has a good spot for this.  Some cars may not have a good area to place this mount and would not be as satisfied.  Look at your car configuration before you purchase.  The product does work well in and of itself.
This mount functions as advertised, I noticed only tiny slippage in some rare driving conditions. The only complaint I have is that in order to use this mount for my Nuvi 360 I have to buy an additional automotive mount.
This mount makes setting up the Garmin 660 very easy.  It works in both of my cars.  The Garmin 660 attaches quickly and stays in place.  You can adjust the angle and placement of the unit for quick viewing.  Although it moves very little on rough roads, it can move.  Be sure that the entire base is on the dashboard.  An arm must be purchased separately which makes the price higher than advertised and a bit pricey.
Great Beanbag Mount.  When they say "Mount Not Included" It's the goose-neck mounting bracket that connects the GPS unit to the bean bag mount base, that is not included.
I drive a company-supplied vehicle, so alterations to the dash are out-of-the question.  As long as the cord is not interfering with gravity (run under the bean bag) this will hold up for all but the most extreme driving.I don't drive like an old lady, but I don't really take into consideration G-forces when I am on the road.  Unless you drive like an &^%hole this will probably stay put pretty well.  For the record, I drive a 2004 Ford Freestar (a real babe magnet, let me tell you.) and live in a pretty hilly twisty suburb of Philadelphia.  The only time this thing fell off the dash was when I ran the wire to the power adapter underneath the bean bag.
The friction mount allows me easy use when traveling in another person's car. I play tennis at many different locations and we take turns driving. All I have to do is set it on the dash and attach my 350 nuvi.
Mount works very well.  Will slide with sharp turns or "brake check" stops, but overall, it sure beats the windshield mount that (after a while) tends to fall off at the least opportune times.
It works like a charm... However, if you do not want to drive on certain freeways, it will continue to redirect you to the freeway route forever...The mount they send if you order the one that sets on the dash (not attached) doesn't fit and you have order a special one at full cost.
For those of us without a perfectly flat and shiny surface on which to put the suction cup, and hate, or aren't allowed to use the windshield, this represents the perfect choice when trying to stabilize your Garmin unit. There's no wobble, no shaking and easy movement when you want it.The only downside is that it does not come with a small necked cradle for the garmin, and I had to buy the rubber legged dash mount (which wobbles terribly on the dash) because it had the suitable cradle.Other than that, this is the mount for your Garmin; you'll never want another one.
Somewhat better than the windscreen suction cups.It can be re-positioned at will and stays where it is put.The bottom is coated with some kind of friction felt.Unlike suction cups, it doesn't get fused to the windscreen in bright sun, or lose suction over time.When accelerating, especially on a steep hill, it will sometimes slide.  Takes a bit of a surge though.  I put a cellphone friction pads (there must be a name for them) on the dashboard for extra grip.
My wife always had a difficult reaching her Garmin Nuvi GPS. Having it sitting on her dash bord made it much easier for her to use.
I just used my new beanbag on vacation with a Garmin Legend in two vehicles, an Audi Allroad and a rental RoadTrek Camper Van Conversion aggregating 2000 miles, some on back roads, and had no slippage or other problems.  Very convenient.  I probably won't bother to put a permanent mount in my next car. 9-7-05
I bought the Nuvi350 and this friction mount... When I tried to installthe Nuvi I found out that you need Automotive mount for this. The mount comes with oblonged disk that fits in the friction mount..The friction mount doesn't tell you that you need the mount to go with it,I think the friction mount should state that it goes with the automotive mount .The whole unit works very good though thats my only riff....
works fine, wanted to easily move GPS between vehicles.  Delivered on time
Easy to read, easy to use, but I would suggest a couple of improvements:  First and foremost, I would like to be able to determine my altitude by entering the sea-level pressure (you can calculate your approximate altitude by comparing the pressure where you are (absolute pressure) with the sea-level pressure).  Second, I would have a 24-hour memory.  If you had not yet left home at 12:15, you know your house is at 635 feet, and the altimeter says 850 feet at 12:15, you know it's reading 215 feet too high, so you adjust it to compensate for that.  On the plus side, if you set it manually to 635 feet, it will remember that, and you can press one button to reset it to 635 any time, such as when you leave for work in the morning .  The other thing I would change is I would like it to be easier to attach it to the windshield mounting bracket (it always takes me several tries to get it to stay in place).  In spite of needing a couple of improvements, though, I still like it a lot.
At some point in your driving life you've probably asked yourself..."self, which way am I going, what is my altitude, what is the temperature outside?"  Well this little box has all the answers.No, it isn't a GPS, it won't tell you how many miles to your destination but it is probably the most accurate compass you'll ever find for an automobile.  The altitude reading works exactly like most aircraft, it's based on barometric pressure so it varies a little day by day.  You may have seen a review or two that indicates the V7000 needs constant recalibration.  That's sort of true but, a single press of a button re-calibrates the units elevation reading so how hard could it be?  Don't know the altitude of your home?  Again not a problem.  Use a GPS (your own or borrow from a neighbor) to get the figure or drive to your local airport.  Set the unit to that elevation then drive home.  Note the difference and re-set the base altitude for your home.  You'll never have to do it again unless you remove all power from the V7000.If you're looking for ultimate accuracy so the V7000 will always match up with road maps you set the declanation angle (remember that from Boy Scout compass reading sessions? It's the deviation from true north for your location).  Again, not a problem, PNI supplies a map with the numbers in the instruction book or you can get your precise angle online from a government web page (address is in the instructions).The V7000 has a mellow green backlight that automatically turns on/off at night.  The unit senses when you've started your vehicle and when you've stopped, turning itself on/off automatically.  In short, you really don't have to touch it again unless you want to change the display.I give this gadget a big thumbs up.  (...)
I am a Professional Land Surveyor.  I purchased a V7000 for my new vehicle primarily for the compass and exterior temperature. When properly calibrated, using the simple instructions, the unit is quite accurate.  However, if you move the unit even a few inches, the calibration is lost.  Decide where the unit will live, and ride around a while.  Move it, if you will, and ride some more.  Once you are satisfied with the location, go through the calibration steps. You will obtain a very accurate magnetic meridian.  Then check the variation for you area using the included map or referenced web site.  Unless you move the compass or the battery dies, it will reliably show your direction.The outside thermometer, once mounted in the grille, agrees with the radio temperature (you know, when the man says, "It's 23 degrees in Miami today") within a degree or two, well within the variations in ambient temperature.  And, if the outside temp is dropping, the flashing ICE message is a very helpful warning.However, expecting the inexpensive barometer circuitry to accurately measure elevation is ludicrous.  Reasonably close elevation measurement is beyond the capability of anything costing less than several thousand dollars.  A 1" change in pressure results in a 1,000' change in elevation.  Most cheap barometer do not compensate for the temperature fluctuations that affect their measurement, and thereby do not give reliable pressure readings.  Since a change of 0.01" in pressure relates to 10 feet, and 0.10" is a hundred feet, the altimeter feature should be considered as useful for entertainment purposes only.The "forecast" feature is a novelty at best.  Traditionally, a falling barometer indicates bad weather, but if you pay any attention to your local weather forecast, it rains while the pressure rises and it rains while it falls.  It's sunny while the pressure falls, and it's sunny while the pressure drops.  The whole idea that a falling barometer means rain, and a steady or rising barometer means clear skys is pure bunk.  And yes, hurricanes are formed by extremely low pressure centers, but they fall apart over land.  While there is fault to be laid at the feet of PNI for including such a gimmick, anyone who really needs to know the forecast should listen to the radio or TV instead of depending on a $100 compass and temperature unit installed in the car.As far as calibrating the pressure, forget it.  The inherent error in the unit is so great as to make it a futile exercise.  However, as you ride though the Rockies or the Catskills, you may be entertained as the readout increases (yes, increases) as you go downhill and decreases as you climb.  What the heck, why do YOu need to know the elevation (oh, do NOT use this instrument to determine if you are in a special flood hazard area-- bad circumstances may result).The LCD is bright under all light conditions, the auto-off feature and auto-on are very convenient, the auto-backlight is very nice, the unit is big enough to read easily and small enough to be inobtrusive.  It's a shame other reviewers did not understand the limitations of using a cheap barometric sensor to determine elevation.I'm satisfied with it.
I have a wanted a digital altimeter for ever and i have always had a digital compass and a digital thermometer in my car as well.  This does it all plus more.  Now people have complained about the altimeter being reset or messed up after it is moved.  This is correct.  If you move the unit after you have mounted it more than 20 degrees or something, it resets itself.  This is a really good unit if your planning on leaving it in your car and not moving it around to much.  I fully enjoy it!!  Just please keep in mind, its not a GPS unit...so the units will not be TOTALLY ACCURATE.  Its 100 bucks.  It does what it should for 100 bucks, and very well i think.  So i am very happy to own one.
Initially I was skeptical about purchasing the device solely due to the reviews of other purchasers.  About half were of a negative tone.  But, I realized nearly all the negative reviews were of a nature dealing with the technical workings (i.e. calibration, etc.) of the compass and were probably from those who can't program their VCR's.  I made the purchase and found the installation to be straightforward; you can make it as easy or difficult as you want.  Calibration is simple and quick.  I found the compass, thermometer and baraometer/altimeter to be very accurate or as accurate as one could expect.  The backlight is sufficient and the light sensor that turns the backlight on automatically in the dark is a very nice feature.  Living here in central Virginia our summers are hot and humid so I observe the manufactures suggestion to remove the compass from the vehicle when not in use.  It's easy to remember since my cellphone is parked near the compass.  One negative point.  Calibration is necessary if the device is disconnected/removed from the mounting point.  Since I remove it religously each day I am calibrating at least once a day.  As a result, the graphic text is starting wear and fade away from the function buttons.  All in all, I am very pleased with my Wayfinder V7000.
I bought one of these (or a near identical model) about ten years ago and it is still working.AS some other people have stated the compass can be finicky, but you can easily re calibrate it by pressing the calibrate button and driving around 360 degrees. Things like fans and windscreen wiper motors will affect it if its positioned on the dash board.The altimeter is the same.  Living in Scotland atm. pressure changes daily, however you can set the calibration altitude, to your home for e.g., and just re set it each time you want to use it.It's good fun and helps with the boredom on long journeys and as I said it is of far higher quality than a lot of the cheap similar for 10 that you get on Amazon that seem to pack in after a short while, or a summer on the dash board.The outside temperature sensor disintegrated about 2 years ago, which was caused by the plastic cover coming away from the internal temperature sensor.  A lathered grease onto the metal sensor and stuck it back in my wing mirror and it still gives the temperature.
Our Isuzu Trooper is not factory equipped with a factory installed compass/external temperature.  My husband was impressed with the ease of installation and calibration of the Wayfinder.  We enjoy skiing in the winter and camping in the summer.  The temperature is accurate within a couple of degrees and the altimeter also is quite reliable.  You won't be disappointed.
I have to agree with James Murphy, about the accuracy of this device in measuring elevation.  I am a mechanical engineering student at California State University, Northridge.  I can prove with a simple equation that the accuracy should be taken with a grain of salt.  The v7000's altimeter resolution (increments that can be displayed) is 5 feet.  This means that the display changes by five feet for every five foot change in actual elevation.  An equation from fluid mechanics class that gives you pressure change as a function of elevation (assuming that air is compressible, which everyone knows it is) is as follows:P2 = P1 *e^{[g*(Z2-Z1)]/(R*T)}where:P1 - pressure at higher elevationP2 - pressure at reference (or lower, usually sea level) elev.g - gravitational acceleration, 32.2 ft./sec^2Z2 - higher elevationZ1 - lower or reference elevation (sea level = 0 ft.)R - gas constant, 1716 (ft*lb)/(slug*degrees R)T - average temperature of atmosphere (this equation assumes that the temperature is constant & uniform throughout the elevation change) in degrees RankineNow, assuming we are at 0 feet elevation (sea level), air pressure is at 14.7 psi, and air temp at 59 degrees F.  Next, we take our v7000 wayfinder and pick it up off the ground to a height of five feet, then the pressure will have only changed to 14.69734 psi (a miniscule change).  Now, from sea level to 1000 feet?  14.17801 psi (a measurable change).  If the sensors in the device can detect the five foot change, it will work nicely.  Also, consider that this equation is dependant on ambient temparature, as it is one of the variables, as is the gravitational force which decreases with height.  And, the v7000 takes its altimeter readings from its barometer, which is further influenced by the weather.  My point is, it CAN be accurate, but with $100 circuitry?  Like he said, consider it a novelty.  I like mine, but I do take my altimeter readings with a nice grain of salt...
I have had other PNI compasses for the car but this one is the best.  It has a great display and the calibration was a breeze.  The barometer and altimeter are a bit unstable but what do you expect when you are using it in a moving vehicle.  I also purchased the hard wire kit from PNI which is fantastic.  Once wired, it automatically turns the unit on when you start the car and turns on the backlight at night.  I wired it right into the wiring of the 12V power outlet and it works fine.
I have to admit that I initially balked at the idea of paying that much for a  cable... I mean, how can some wire cost that much??  But now that I have it, it makes sense: It's not just a wire.  I'm not a computer whiz, but I understand now that it's not just about making a "square peg fit in a round hole."  It works like a charm and makes my life a lot simpler than having to try to work between two different computers: my laptop (upon which I do most of my work), and the only computer in our house that actually has a serial port.  Only a couple complaints about it: 1) The cable is so blasted long that it is clunky to work with.  When you combine it with the length of the RS232 cable you could sit in one room with the computer and have your GPSr down the hall!!!  I just coil it up and security with twist ties... problem solved. 2) The coupling between this cable and the RS232 cable has no way to secure them together.  Both have screws and the cable doesn't come with coupling nuts, so I just use a rubber band to hold them together.
Works very well and has a long enough cord to reach almost anywhere in the vehicle.
A good plug, but would last longer if it had a rubber boot to cover the connector when not in use.
This product performs exactly like it is supposed to.  The only nick I have against it is the use of the round (old style) fuses.  I think the unit should be fused but why not upgrade to a common blade style?  The old glass fuses are getting harder and harder to come by these days.  I removed the fuse anyway because I was connecting it to a fused block with a dedicated fuse and running the power from a switch.
I bought this device to help me pace my runs.  It does a decent job at it when it can get the necessary signal.  Unfortunately, it loses signal pretty often.  I am looking at the output of the Running Log program, and it shows that I reached a running speed of 20 miles an hour at one point.  Well, I can hardly get up to that speed on a bike.  The error was obviously caused by the lost of signal.  Because of this, the device is good but not great.
The Forerunner is an excellent device for recording workout pace and distance.  I particularly like the ability to set distance based "laps" set to a mile.  There are a few shortcomings.  The unit is bulky enough that it bounces a but during a run.  The accuracy on a trail run with a lot of elevation change and turns is diminished, I estimate it loses 5-10% depending on the severity of the terrain.  The current pace fluctuates enough that I don't find it particularly useful.  I use the custom settings to display the pace for the current mile "lap".  This damps the fluctuations and still provides good enough pace information.
I love running and walking with my Garmin. It helps to keep me focused and feeling successful. My only gripe if the impact of buildings and trees on its accuracy. The battery life is great as are the features. I recommend it highly but with the advise to be patient when in an area with high physical features-
My product is exactly what I thought it would be, it is extremely useful for marathon training!  The only downside is that if you run under alot of trees, the tracking can get screwed up, and the pace is not always accurate.
Great piece of equipment.  I use it to pace my basic training unit at Fort Benning while on foot marches and during runs.  I recently used it on a foot march during a pretty heavy thunderstorm.  Being out in the middle of nowhere with heavy cloud cover didn't seem to faze it much.  A bit slower loading in its location with the satellites, but it still worked.  During this march, it was soaked in water and sweat.  It also got a taste of some mud when our evac. vehicle got stuck on a dirt trail.  However, I wasn't able to manipulate the "custom" pace alarm within my specified time.  It only allowed me a 10-minute gap instead of a preferred 2-or-3-minute gap.  The battery provides a pretty decent charge and the settings are otherwise easy to manipulate.
Garmin has created a good device here.  I had been waiting for a GPS manufacturer to come out with a device for runners.  I figured a company like Garmin was more likely to nail the chronograph aspects of a device than a traditional chronograph company (e.g., Timex) could grasp all the GPS nuances.In large part, I feel like my patience has been rewarded.  It takes a while to settle in to Forerunner 201 usage, in the sense that there are a series of custom settings you can control.  I've just completed my fifth run with it and I feel like I've finally got the settings where I like them.One fear I can put to rest:  I have very small wrists (6&quot; around) and I was afraid the 201 would be uncomfortable or otherwise unwieldy.  Despite a band that is not as supple as you'd find on a real watch, I've never once - despite being a classic fidgeter - re-adjusted the 201 during a run.The other thing worth noting:  you're buying a piece of software as much as hardware.  That means you'll want to keep up with new software releases.  The model I bought last month shipped with OS 2.1.  The current release on the Garmin support site is 3.2.  There have been at least four revision levels since my unit was packaged.  If you read the list of changes that Garmin provides on its support page (and credit goes here for providing good info), you'll realize that it's very important that you stay up-to-date.  Many of the problems you may experience have probably already been encountered by others, reported, corrected and the fix released.So why four stars instead of five?  Chalk it up to my out-of-the-box experience.  The documentation frankly is just plain horrible in describing the following reality:  these units are assembled and unit-tested in Taiwan.  As others on these pages have noted, when you have them delivered to you anyplace 500 miles away from that factory, you have to reset the device in order for it to relocate the GPS satellites.  This is *not* intuitive and when I contacted Garmin they sheepishly explained the problem and admitted that they really fumbled it.This IS NOT a small issue.  I was *this close* to either returning the unit or smashing it to a million pieces in frustration then telling my 50 running friends here to stay away at all costs.  It amazes me why a very intelligent and capable company like Garmin would jeopardize customer goodwill with an obvious shortcoming that could be easily addressed with a single explanatory paragraph.
Been using my Garmin 201 for 2 years now and I hate to go for a run without it.Pros:  Accurate distance, ending average pace, automatically calculates split times, lightweight, computer interface keeps my running log.  My friend's locked up and she was very happy with the replacement customer service from Garmin.Cons:  The current pace is unreliable, but the ending average pace is accurate, as is the distance.  The calories burned measurement seems to be way off and I can't seem to find if I have a setting wrong which is affecting it.  The wrist band is a bit tricky to get off in order to wash it and you need to carefully handle the little pins to keep them from flying across the room ... yes, I suggest washing it, you'll know when the time has come.  It does take a long time to acquire, sometimes up to 5 minutes on a route which you run repeatedly.Still, I love my Garmin and most people in our Run Club are Garmin fans.
Well I have been a runner for about 3 months now. I train in the hills located by my house and up until now what I have been doing(distance, calories, pace) has been guesswork. I looked into getting the &quot;geko&quot; 301 GPS device but my running partner showed me this unit. To tell you the truth... I couldn't be happier.I did my first run last night and the garmin 201 forerunner did great. It did all that it said it would do. I'm also excited about the software that is due to come out.Long story short, the forerunner is a great little package that gives you better data than guess work or driving around in your car to try and &quot;figure&quot; out your distance, this does that and more. I plan on using mine every time I train.
I have had the Forerunner for close to a year now and felt it was time to give it a review.  For the most part I love it however for me it takes a very long time to aquire a signal on start up.  I'd say close to 8 mins on average.  On the upside this makes me walk a bit and stretch while it is aquiring the gps signal.  The unit has trouble holding a signal under any sort of adverse condition such as very minimal tree cover.  It will lose a signal even with no obstructions.  Very odd.  I am in the Bay Area and I think that has something to do with it as I have noticed other reviews having the same issue who live in this area.  If you run on trails with tree cover don't get this device.  It will not work reliably.  Lastly if you want a serial to usb converter don't get it from Garmin who charges close to $50 for it.  I have seen a converter for $17 on other websites.
This is the best running and riding accessory I have ever purchased (I have given it as a gift and used it for over six months), but it was definitely released in not-quite-ready-for-prime-time condition.It locks up (won't respond to any command including "off" and stops recording data), and when it does the only solution I know of is to allow the battery to then run down so that it reboots on recharging.  My first lock up happened during a ride without any user input, and the ride data was lost, not included in the history function and not included in my weekly total.  (Both the logbook and wrist unit need a correction function.) The second time it locked up when I told it incorrectly that I HAD moved more than 500 miles since using it (one of the questions it asks you when it cannot get a satellite fix).  The next two lock ups happened when I tried to delete runs older than three months.  It scrambled  the whole of my history for six months, deleting some laps and inserting wrong ones.  On subsequent downloading to the log on my computer it changed all my previous log history in a similar fashion rendering it worthless.  (The logbook is primitive but usefull.)  It also locked up when I drilled down to a particular lap and tried a delete in this alternate method, and the delete was also wrongly executed:  Runs that were not to be affected were changed with more nonsense data inserted.  When I reset the unit to "factory settings" and deleted everything it did the job without a lockup, leaving me with no history or logbook record of six months of workouts and a wrist unit to re-customize.  If you are a nut for looking at monthly and weekly totals and average speeds, this is maddening.Other gripes:  the velcro wrist strap is already losing its grip.  A total altitude-gained history would please the biker in me--and maybe the runner too.On the plus side, I have never had it lose the satellites once it got an initial fix, as some report, and I run in the canyons and under large trees in Balboa Park and ride all over the place, up to fifty miles from and in downtown San Diego.  The display is very clear to baby boomer eyes.  Setting up custom displays is a thrill.  With a button touch I can know my distance traveled, real-time per mile pace , run time elapsed, elevation, grade, and time of day (and other things if I were to select them instead).  The logbook is great for showing you a graph of elevation and speed.If my unit died tomorrow I'd probably go out an buy another one.  Even imperfect it does a lot of great things.
Great product if you're in the open with a clear sky. If you run in a city with buildings or a park with trees the GPS is useless. The other features are great, the unit is lite and easy to read while running. Software that integrates with the unit is the icing on the cake.
I've used the Forerunner 201 for running for about 6 months now. I have also used, for several years, a footpod device (Fitsense, no longer available, but Nike and Timex make similar models) with some of the same features. If you're thinking of purchasing one of these devices, consider the following:1. GPS devices never need to be calibrated and it doesn't matter whether you're running on asphalt, sand, snow, or ice.2. However, exposure to the sky is key for GPS reception. I live in a neighborhood with many trees and a steep slope to the north. I rarely get satellite reception in the summer until I get into more open and level terrain. This wasn't as much of a problem before leaves came on the trees. The same problem will be caused by tall buildings except, of course, it's not seasonal.3. Footpod devices work based on the movement of the foot. Once they're calibrated, you will usually get very good accuracy (within a couple percent). However, unpredictable surfaces like snow will result in wildly inaccurate readings.4. Footpod devices respond more quickly to changes in pace.Consider the main uses of the device. If you run on open land, the Forerunner is a great product. But if you run where there is dense forest, tall buildings, or steep terrain that hide you from the satellites, you may want to consider a footpod device.
Bought this for my wife some time ago.  She used it for a long time then it started dropping the signal a bit.  We subsequently bought a newer model.  She was very happy with this and  I would recommend it.
I am a runner, as I'm sure you are if you are reading this.  I run every day (4-10 miles) and I would never leave home without the Forerunner.  It is great to approximate your distance and pace.  My running partner wears one too and we generally average the data from the two Forerunners because they are never the same.  Sometimes they range up to .15 miles difference.  And today my best pace was 5:46 per mile on an 8mi run.  Right....So as long as you understand that the data you get is not 100% accurate, but you are still curious enough to want to compare your day-to-day runs, then the Forerunner is for you.  If you are going to get mad whenever the same run route is measured 1/5th of a mile different on certain days, then don't go near this unit.One other issue is that the 201 only comes with a serial-port hook-up, not USB.  Easy enough to fix...just buy an adapter if you have no serial port, but kind of annoying (the 301 uses USB though).Hope this helped.  Happy running...
Great product for runners or anyone else that want to know how far they have run or walked.  Gives instant feedback to you on how well your doing.  To those who want to get faster, get one.  Totally worth the price. Also a great training partner.
I took the Garmin Forerunner 201 for a run yesterday morning.  15 miles starting from the Zero Marker at Houston's Memorial Park and trotting down Memorial Drive to Sabine and back again (see map [...])I have calculated the distance for this route as has every other distance runner here in Houston and the Garmin Forerunner 201 seems to be true to the mileage.I used the manual lap button to gauge the distance of each segment I already knew the mileage for, and the Forerunner was correct in each area but one.  I somehow lost about a mile along the way.  The Garmin displayed an amazingly accurate 4.74 miles for the first loop (see Map Legend for Allen Parkway Hike and Bike trail) and a staggeringly wrong 3.37 miles for my second time around the same loop.This could be due to human error because I kept fooling with the modes during the second loop and might have inadvertently pressed a pause button or something.  I've also heard that being near downtown can affect GPS... so I can blame this on the Enron building or solar winds.I also found the pacing per mile to fluctuate wildly but after reading other reviews it seems this can be tweaked with the "Pace Smoothing" option.  I'm still not sure if I should set it to "Most" or "Least" so any input here would be great.Overall, the Forerunner 201 seems to be a perfect match for someone who will tread off the beaten path while remaining in view of the sky for the GPS to work.  Thankfully you won't get lost in the mileage calculations because this "watch" will do it all for you.  I plan on testing it out further as I continue training and hope to follow up this review with more data to see if the Garmin Forerunner 201 lives up to what it claims it can do.Rating: 4 out of 5 Stars - because it dropped a mile on my first long run test and the pace calculations were crazyHappy Miles
The Forerunner 201 is proving to be very helpful in adjusting my runs without a training partner.  While I prefer running with another person, it's hard to find someone at the right time who wants to run the same pace that day.  Features on this unit like the virtual training partner help me overcome that issue.NOTE FOR IMPROVED SIGNAL/ACCURACY:  On my first several runs, the unit lost signal about ten times over four miles.  The solution was to have the Forerunner "Autolocate" the satellites again.To run Autolocate again, turn the unit on indoors and cover it with your hand to prevent it from finding any satellites.  After a minute, the unit will ask if you are indoors.  Answer "No."  Then it will ask if you've moved the unit more than 100 miles since the last use.  Answer "Yes."  This causes the unit to reacquire all available satellites.Take the unit outside and position it in an open area.  This time I made sure that it was clear of any obstructions (30 feet from the house) and put it on a tree branch about eye height.  After about 15 mintues it had acquired more satellites than the first time.When I power it up now, it acquires the signal in about a minute and I have yet to lose signal on a run.
The Garmin Forerunner 201 GPS Receiver is the perfect running companion when you finally get tired or running indoors, on a treadmill, or when it's just too nice to be inside.Just last night I was running along Caesar's Bay in Brooklyn, a 9 mile loop under the Verazano Bridge. I usually run this loop with no idea of how fast I am going, or when I start to slow down. With this watch, however, I was able to track my speed, pace, distance, even the calories I burned.I've owned another GPS watch in the past, I think it was a Timex Ironman or something, it had a bulky box that you had to wear on your arm, which I found to be cumbersome and I would get a large pale spot where I would not get any sun when running!The Gamin forerunner, forgoes this bulky arm box, and squishes all of the GPS components into an easy to wear watch, about the thickness of a deck of playing cards, but not as wide or long. It is basically the size of two watches next to each other, and does not feel big nor heavy in the slightest.Some positive things:The face of the watch is easy to read when you are running.The wristband is comfortable and does not pinch.It is easy to use on the fly-- I read the owners manual but really do not think you would need to do so to be able to figure this thing out, it is very user friendly.It's also water proof, or water resistant, so you do not have to worry about it getting sweaty or splashed or anything else of the sort. I doubt you could swim with it though.It charges in 3 hours, and is good for 13-15 hours after that (it comes with it's own plug in charger so you do not have to mess with switching batteries).It allows you to view your running stats by most recent run, days, weeks, or the entire history.I have not used to virtual partner yet but I plan to. Some of the treadmills I use at the gym have this feature and I find it really handy for extra motivation.Another cool thing is that the watch maps your route, so when you are done, you can see where you ran.Other reviews have mentioned that this watch is "more of a performance tracker with a few GPS functions." I would suspect that anyone buying this would do so with the intention to use it as a performance tracker. If you want a detailed GPS system, buy one, I think they are much larger, and not specifically made for runners, which this is.Also, a lot of people mention that they get a weak satellite signal when in large cities or in wooded areas. I would suspect they are correct, but have not tried it in Manhattan yet, nor in Central Park. When I do I will update this review.My past experience with a GPS watch agreed with other people's notes. I ran a lot in Connecticut, which is basically a big forest. I would lose the signal all the time ---having said that, it was a different watch, so maybe this one will be better. But the basic principle still applies, the GPS receiver needs to have a clear signal, if you're under heavy cover, it probably will not work as well. If you can get one at Eastern Mountain Sports, they'll let you return it if you do not like it, so if it is not for you, you're not out any money. I'd say give it a shot.As far as my experience with the signal so far, I turned it on initially and set in on my patio while I got dressed for my run, supposedly you need to give it 10 minutes or so to detect it's first signal in your area. From then on, each time you use it, it should take a minute or two. Seemed to take about 40 seconds when I actually wanted to start my run and had turned it back on. That was really nice.Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone who runs, rollerblades bikes or any sort of outdoor exercise. It is great and worth much more than I paid for it.(...) Thanks.
If you are into jogging, biking or walking to keep fit this product will help to keep you motivated. It keeps a record of distance, pace/speed, time, calories and will show a map of your route.  You can also retrace your route to the starting point.  The only down side is that the GPS unit can take up to 15 minutes to find the GPS but I've had no trouble once it locks on.
I've ran 3 marathons and I'm eyeing my fourth in a few months.  I don't know the exact distances of my training runs, so I decided to buy the Forerunner 201.  But then I noticed that Garmin has another model called the Foretrex 201.  The other model has WAAS enabled which means up to 3-5 times more accurate readings!  Also it has other GPS features that the Forerunner lacks.  However, the Foretrex lacks features like calorie count and pace (minutes per mile).  But I don't need a calorie counter and I can do math (going 7.5MPH is equivalent to 8:00 minute/mile pace).  Furthermore, I hike once in awhile so this would be a nice little addition to my hikes.  So I ordered the Foretrex 201 and tested it out.  It works really well, especially in DC.  I've been using it for about 2 monhts now and I have yet to lose a connection.  It works in cloudy weather (done that several times) and near buildings and near trees.  It seems like people are having trouble with the forerunner 201 and it's accuracy.  I don't have such inaccuries with my foretrex 201, maybe because it's WAAS enabled.  I use Sportsim software (free download from sportsim.com) to download the tracks onto my computer and it displays pace, route, distance, and elevation.  You can even put a map on the background and see your route in reference to a real map.  This is how I check the accuracy of the device.  On ALL of the routes I've downloaded and overlayed on a map, it has been spot on (actually, it is sometimes off by a few meters, it's not perfect)!  Conclusion: The Foretrex 201 and Sportsim are a killer comb if you want to keep track of accurate times and distances.
I'm a novice racewalker training for my first marathon in September. The Garmin Forerunner has been a great help with my short/long distances training.POSTIVES: Adjustable strap (have small wrist); easy to navigate through menu modes; backlight; LCD display easy to read for quick glance; training assistant-virtual partner, pace/speed alert,time/distance alert, history, custom page. Applied for Amazon credit card and received $30 off the price.NEGATIVE: My device charges only up to 14 hours instead of the 15 hours as stated in the manual. But 14 hours is still alot.
I was very dissatisfied with the performance of the forerunner on park runs.  The distance measurement was wacky.  Someone suggested that wearing it on the wrist could be causing my own body to be blocking the signal.  I moved it to my upper arm, extending the strap with the included extra strap.  It was a huge improvement.  It works great running through a semi-wooded area.  I compared the distance measurement with my boyfriend's more powerful GPS, and it was consistent. I also take care to set the GPS before each run in the most open area I can find. Also, someone told me there is recent softwear upgrade on the Garmin website, now, but I haven't tried it yet.  I find the device most useful for displaying the distance in the largest frame on the display, so I can see how far I am at a glance.  The time and pace then appears in smaller boxes, which are not as easy to read on your upper arm, but it works well enough to help me push the pace on my runs.
I'm a runner whose been carrying around a Garmin Legend for several years and have been waiting for a product like this.  This little unit beats my expectations.  Its user interface is simple and intuitive (much easier than the multitude of button clicks I'd have to do on their other products), and it has some great features:  the auto-pause feature that pauses when you drop below a configurable pace is great, the auto-lap feature that beeps every mile (for example) and tells you what your pace was for that mile is also nice, and although I haven't used it yet, the virtual partner sound like it might be useful.I have had no problems with the unit losing reception once it has acquired (though it does take a little longer to acquire than my other gps units).Overall a great product.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the PC software isn't available, and so I don't know how good that will be.  I've written software that downloads the tracks from my other gps units and let's me keep a training log complete with 3D course plots and associated charts.  I hope the unit has enough resolution for me to be able to use it.  But I can't find specs anywhere??  What is the memory on the unit?  How often does it sample?  etc...
I've had the same problem all the other reviewers have mentioned... my forerunner would not lock on to any satellites even after hours sitting in my backyard.  The reset worked to fix it, but there's a simpler way to manage it...See, the forerunner 201 is built in Taiwan and therefore, obviously, tested there.  The forerunner then considers itself still in taiwan unless you tell it otherwise.  So here's the easy solution:1. charge the forerunner2. power it up and place it in your backyard3. after about two minutes, the forerunner will claim &quot;trouble tracking satellites&quot; and will ask &quot;are you indoors?&quot;  answer &quot;no&quot;.4. the forerunner will ask &quot;have you moved more then 500 miles since last use?&quot;  answer &quot;YES&quot; as the forerunner HAS moved more than 500 miles since last powered up.5. the forerunner will search for new satellites and will acquire and accurate fix within five minutes or so.Hope this helps.
The Garmin Forerunner is a very handy item.  It was not so large as to be bulky feeling on my wrist, but is large enough to see the numbers and increments very clearly.  After my second run, I only remembered it was there because it beeped at me.  The buttons to stop, start or lap are very easy to feel and push.  Mine came with an owner's maual, which is a must.  Though not complicated to use after referencing the owner's manual, I would have missed out on quite a few features/functions if I did not have it.  The only negative would be the hit or miss of the GPS capability if you run on a road or trail that has a lot of over-head cover from trees and brush.  I guess the trees, brush and woods interupt the signal.
The Garmin Forerunner 201 is a great training aide, however it does have limits.  I live in the Pacific Northwest, and, as is well documented, it does not receive a signal on trails in canopied parks or forests.  I have tried twice, and it has not worked...in these cases, I still used the timer, as I would a normal watch, which is a zero sum situation for me, as I had no sport watch when I bought the  201.  However, on city streets, both urban and suburban, I have very little problem with reception, and when it has dropped out, it picks up very quickly.  I am sure I am losing a tenth of a mile here or there, but I am not upset by that, as my olympic training days are long gone, actually, they never were!  I get a great idea, if not highly accurate, of how far I have gone and what my pace was.  The virtual partner makes solo runs a little more interesting, and the "TrackBack" navigation feature just makes for some fun times.  All in all, well worth the money, which is not much more than an high end sport/running watch.  Just know what the limitations are in your area.
Well, this is really something.  All the info you were sure you knew has just been "adjusted."  Those 8-milers were really only 7.8, and so on.  If you like the high accuracy for logging and tracking performance - get one of these.  I have completed 33 marathons, and am just finally returning to training after a severe accident.  So I need to monitor my progress to control the mileage increase, as well as any performance improvement (i.e., avg. pace).  "Too much, too soon" is now easily measurable.  This gadget does it all for you.  The main screen gives "instantaneous" pace, which you may find drifts up and down more than your leg turnover.  I attribute this to the satellite signal pickup and small dead zone spots - even on a clear day.  A better monitor of pace is on the lap screen, which displays a cumulative "average" pace for your last lap.  This number does not fluctuate nearly as much as the instantaneous number since it rolls up all the accumulated data.  I have also found better "reception" from higher up the arm than the wrist.  Not sure why, but maybe less interference from the body when using the upper arm, and definitely less "back and forth" and "up and down" - maybe confusing the units firmware.  I think this product does everything advertised and is pleasantly interesting to use.  Haven't yet tried the virtual partner, but have used everything else satisfactorily.  At red traffic lights the auto pause kicks in, it can take automatic lap times every mile for me, and also displays a nice map if necessary to find the start point.  The accompanying software is an easy download, intuitive to use, and data dump from the watch is trivial.  Keep track, why not?  So go getcha one, and take it on the road.  Have fun!
Pros1. Works well for total distance/pace.2. The logbook software is excellent and easy to use.3. Really helps to keep mileage in your target range to avoid overtraining.4. Battery charge works really well. (I did 8 runs and still showed 13 hours charge time left).5. Does not have a heart monitor. (I already had a heart monitor that works very well when I purchased).Cons1. The pace feature is not good in real time. I have tried both "most" and "least" smoothing settings with suspect results. The avg pace that is calculated at the end of your run is good however. (Real time pace bounces up and down. I would sometimes see a pace of 6:31 and seconds later see 8:24 without changing my running speed).2. Unit is large but light. You don't even notice it while running.3. Should have USB port instead of com port.4. Takes several minutes to lock on to satellites. (I always warm up with a 1/4 mile walk first which works for me).SummaryThis device works very well for me. I would buy it again.
I've used this for several training runs and so far accuracy is right on except for a couple of times when GPS signal was momentarily lost.  The unit is very light and comfortable to wear even though it looks big and bulky for a wrist device.  Battery life is very good and I use it several times between charging.  I would prefer the option of replaceable batteries for extended use away from electricity such as backpacking but Garmin makes other GPS units for that I suppose.  I have had it lose GPS signal twice and lost about 1/4 mile off the mileage, probably due to cutting off part of the route to where it picked up the signal again.  Both times the loss occurred when running east under heavy trees with the forerunner on my left wrist. This happened on a trail through a heavily forested park and I've had no problems out in the open.  I haven't tried it downtown around large buildings yet.  The pace function on the default screen is pretty erratic so I use the &quot;average pace&quot; on the custom screen which seems to be right on.  The little running dude on the virtual partner screen is a neat feature.  Despite the problems I mentioned, I recommend the forerunner and don't regret buying it at all.
It works very well.  There are some dropouts if there is a large tree-line between you and the three satellites you are triangulating with.  The trace route function is very basic.  I have not used it to return to home base yet, but it ought to at least tell you whether you turn left or right.  If you want to know your pace, this is a great instrument.  Delivery from Amazon was on time, and their price was excellent.
Better than expected. I was able to get parts and documentation (instructions) from Garmin on line.
I really liked this product and it helped me to train. The only problem is that it loses the GPS signal from time to time, which I would not expect because I live in a large city (Population>1million). This only happens every once in a awhile though, usually its great.
After pondering which Garmin to buy the 201 or 101, I chose the 201.  It is easy to use and keeps track of just about everything as you run.  The only thing it doesn't do is give you water at every mile.  The only drawbacks to the system is that the batteries are not interchangeable with regular AAAs and the alarm isn't that loud.  People have noted that they didn't like the charging system.  I have no problem with it, it is quite small.  I havn't had the chance to use the downloadable software yet, but I definately will in the future.  For the price of this product, it is worth every cent.
Awesome - bought Nov 2004 and it still has the 1st mile i ever ran (11/26/04).  Screen is larger and easier on the old eyes to see than the newer models.  Only thing i couldn't do was get it to download into my computer.  But, would buy this same model again.
Overall I have enjoyed the Forerunner for running in neighborhoods and racing.  Training and racing improve by knowing pace.  In fact I negative-splitted my last half marathon because I could monitor my pace from the start and avoid going out too fast.However, it does not function effectively (read:  loses satellite signal) in wooded areas for trail running, even in the winter with no leaves on the trees.  I found this very disappointing due to the great navigation &quot;back to start&quot; (bread-crumb trail) function that I wanted to use for running trails.Traveling with the Forerunner isn't an issue; so far I have run with mine in Ohio, Hawaii, Arizona and Pennsylvania.  The manual says that if you travel farther than 500 miles without turning the unit on, it will take the unit 15-30 minutes at the new location to obtain satellite fix.  I found this statement to be accurate.Overall, recommended.Get out and RUN!!
This is a great watch for stepping up your training regimen.  It can sometimes be a little off in calculating pace and distance - but not that much.  It has a bad rap for not holding a GPS signal, but I haven't lost a signal yet (having run over 60 miles last month with it).If your'e looking for something with uncanny accuracy, this might not be the best watch for you.  (I run a set course, and the watch will record the distance in a range of 5.5 - 5.95 miles - even though I'm running the exact same route).  Also, the auto pause feature can be a bit tricky as it will keep timing after you have stopped or not start right away after you start running again.Overall, though, I'm glad I've got it, and it's helping me get faster.
If you are one of those people that gets bored running on a treadmill all of the time, the Forerunner is for you.  I used to run on a treadmill simply because it tells you how fast, how far you have gone, and how many calories you have burned.  Not only does this Forerunner give you this information--on a large, easy to read while running display--but it tracks your progress and provides a training partner for you (something a treadmill doesn't offer).  In addition, the Forerunner doesn't regulate your pace like a treadmill.  This forces the runner to watch their own pace, allowing them to learn what a particular pace feels like -- an essential skill for anybody who runs in races.  A must have for anyone - whether you're just tyring to get in shape or are a serious runner gearing up for a race.  The one drawback, however, is that this version of the forerunner doesn't monitor your heart rate.  If this is an option that you require, check out the Forerunner 300 series.
Updated review 12/10/2004:First, I guess I can't lower the star ranking from the original review. Otherwise, after 6+months use I'd now give this a 3 instead of 4.After many runs and races with this, I've now got 3 main complaints:1. AS many other reviewers have noted, it doesn't work under trees. I've been surprised that even now in the fall and winter, with all the leaves off of trees, bare leafless tree limbs can still block out the signal. If you run a route that goes anywhere near trees for more than 50 yards, you can count on the signal getting lost and the distance being off.2. Apparently the display is supposed to have a backlight. I just noticed that in reading a review elsewhere. The backlight on mine has never worked.3. So, I went to garmin's tech support site last week to fill in a support query about the backlight. It's been a full week since I submitted my question and I haven't received even an acknowledgement of the question, let alone an answer or help. That's inexcusable.Original review from May, 2004 follows:I had the Timex Speed and Distance system before this and used it for about 18 months. I've had my Garmin for a week now. The Timex seemed to be very accurate and consistent. If I ran the same course, the Timex always measured a 3-7 mile run to within a few feet of the same distance time after time. When running in a race, the Timex seemed to be within 1% of the measured distance all the time. Given that I might not always be running the shortest distance, I thought that was great. The downfalls of the Timex are the bulky 2 piece system, the lack of PC connectivity (at least with the older one I had), and it ate AAA batteries like an elephant.The Garmin is nice because it's smaller, one piece, and rechargable. The big screen is also configurable and lets me see more data at a glance. It also gives me automatic mile splits (had to do that manually on the Timex - easy to miss one or forget). The 5000 lap, 2 year history is a godsend. I can't count the number of times I got out with my Timex to start a new run only to realize that I hadn't logged the previous day's run and had to wipe it out to start today's. The history feature on the Garmin saves that.I didn't have any problems getting the Garmin to find the satellites the first time as has been reported by other users. However, in the first week I've had it, I would say so far it is less consistent in measuring than the Timex was. I ran the same course yesterday as today and had to run about 50 yards further to make 2 miles than yesterday. That's a bigger margin of error than I'd like.The software and PC connectivity is great. I love being able to automatically download my runs to the PC. But, as other people have pointed out, the serial connection is slow and a stunningly bad choice instead of USB. Also, it's disappointing that you can't manually enter a run into the log book - if you run on a treadmill for example and want to keep all of your runs in one log book. A shoe mileage tracker would also be a great addition for the software.The true measure of the Garmin's accuracy will come after a few races. If it's way off then, I may change my tune but for now, it's good enough to be well worth the investment of replacing the old Timex. And, a much better deal than the way overpriced new Timex.
We both found this product excellent in our training routines. We don't have to map out distances anymore or try to us pedometers. The logbook allows us to see our pace, distance, speed, and altitude. However, it would be nice to see the map with &quot;marked locations&quot; on it transfer to the logbook on a PC. Worked well on a cloudy day.
Been using for a month.  It works well for the purpose I intended...to keep track of my mileage and times.  Also has a function for interval training which has been useful.  LED readout is big enough to easily see.  Have had no problems with locking on to satellites.  If you plan on using the available running log software, been forewarned that the 201 only comes with a 9 pin connector.  If you only have 1 port, you will have to buy a splitter or USB converter which will be around $25. I have been told the 301 has a USB connector. Also, the warning tone is not very loud.  I run with a friend who has a 301...I can hear his "beep" better than mine. Important if you plan to use the pacing function.
The Garmin Forerunner 201 is just right for my running needs.  It allows you to set custom display on one page which is nice.  It keeps me honest.  I thought I was running faster than I am, but since I got the 201 my speed has improved since it gives me immediate feedback on how I am doing relative to my goal.  It also has an interval training option so you can set it up to do intervals on any course and I like that since I don't like to run on or go to a track.  I got it rather than the 101 because of the rechargeable battery.  I didn't want to have to keep replacing batteries every week or two.
If you like gadgets (like me) and if you like running (like me) then this is a fun little pickup at the relatively inexpensive price...Mine has been quite accurate calculating distance and average pace, but I find that real-time pacing leaves something to be desired.  Maybe I just haven't figured out the pace-averaging function yet (the manual doesn't explain it in the depth I would like, and I haven't had time to consult with a Garmin support tech).  I like the autolap function, but wish that the little dialog box that pops up would go away quicker.  I also like the superbly legible display, and the unit is comfortable on my wrist.  I wear a Polar S720i HRM on the other wrist, so I have all kinds of data to keep my mind off of my pain on the long runs!I have not had any difficulty attaining GPS signal, and battery life on my unit has been excellent.  I am training for a marathon at present, and probably am going to pick up the Fitsense-1 unit...as well which uses a foot-pod to measure stride and calculate pace and distance.  I am thinking it will be more accurate on a real-time basis for pacing.  I would rate the forerunner 5 stars if I judged the real-time pacer to be consistently reliable, but I still think it is fun and relatively inexpensive.
First, know that that Garmin just announced (1/05/2006) the ForeRunner 205, the next-generation model they claim has less trouble with trees or tall buildings.  It's the size of a large heart rate monitor - quite a bit smaller than the 201- but about $100 more.That said, I've had the 201 for three weeks and am happy with its performance with the exception of the live pace function.  Here are my observations so far:DistanceI've found that it's very accurate.  In about 10 miles where I compared the 201 readout versus known distances, about two thirds came within +/- .01 mile.  The others were usually off by .02, with one off by .03.  If you run a 9-minute-mile, that means most mile times are within 5 seconds, which should suit most runners' needs.Interference.I ran through a forest preserve with tree cover (no leaves in Chicago this time of year) with very infrequent satellite loss.  Through town, with two- and three-story buildings, the same result.  I did try the unit in downtown Chicago and it couldn't locate satellites, but this is consistent with Garmin's claims.  The manager of my local running store claimed similar experiences.  Overall, I had very few problems.Speed/paceI'm not sure why, but the speed/pace isn't very accurate.  My 9-minute-mile pace jumped from 7 to 11 minutes, rendering this feature unusable for me.  However, when I used average speed per lap - with my laps being one mile - the accuracy problems went away, perhaps driven by averaging over the longer distance.  So, I'd recommend using this to pace your miles as a whole rather than your speed at any given moment.SizeIt looks big but is light.  With 25 miles so far, it hasn't bothered me at all.Unexpected cool featuresSome web sites allow you to upload your GPS data and view your run superimposed on a commercial map, such as Google Maps (as of 1/12/06 this was offered at [...]  Also, if you get lost, the 201 will point your way home via the map function.Overall, if real-time pace isn't important to you (again, I'd recommend using the lap pace which seems accurate) and you don't have any more sky obstructions than a typical suburbanite, I'd highly recommend the 201.Good luck, and happy running!
I use the Forerunner for cycling and my friends use it for running, so I have a bit of anecdotal evidence on this product.  Without a doubt, it's the best item of its kind on the market right now.  Buy it.  It does a tremendous amount in a (generally) straight-forward way.  It's VERY light, the screen is clear, the battery has a very good life, the device is rugged and strong, never crashes, and it's easy to use.  DO read the instructions (many of the complaints noted in other reviews are addressed in the instructions).  The Forerunner stays in contact with GPS satellites about 95% of the time when I am cycling.  Running, that number drops to about 85%, but in both cases the device does a nice (though not perfect) job of extrapolating through the missing data.  Runners will find MUCH better GPS coverage if they wear the unit on their upper arm (using the included extended strap) and NOT on their wrists.  My only complaints are a lack of Macintosh support, slow GPS acquisition, and lack of built-in heart monitor (found on other models), but otherwise, WOW!  I really like it...
I like the Garmin 201 very much.  I especially like that it is rechargeable and it tells you the time of battery life remaining.  I have had it once or twice give faulty mileage (about 15% off), but it has been rare.
I buy the Garmin 201 and it work! It's not perfect but it's cheaper than other GPS devices.Indoors they dont work at all but when you are outdoors they work just fine.I'll Recomended.
Gets a satellite signal easily tracks miles accuately.Not always correct on the pace speed.
A great idea. Run where you want and know how far you've gone. The breadcrumb trail is pretty useless and it doesn't hold a signal in wooded areas but for knowing how far you've gone, and how fast you're going, this thing is great.
I used this product for 3 months. My only complaint is how easily a signal is lost. I run in hills with some dense tree coverage and as long as I have my unit strapped , facing upward, on my camelbak the signal stays locked most of the time. But if I wear the unit on my wrist the signal is lost easily. When running around my neighborhood the signal is lost occasionally depending on what time I go running. Overall this unit is great. I love being able to know how far I have ran without having drive the same route in my car.
Great device if:You run clear, unobstructed courses.Straight line, minimal turns work best.Great for open courses. Very reproducible under those  conditions.Mediocre device if:You run in trails with trees, which will often cause your to lose your signal.You make many tight turns. Your distance will be under calculated, your split times inaccurately high.
The Forerunner 201 is an excellent product to calculate the distance you run, pace, time and calories burned. Also will store your runs daily so you can compare your times from the past day or 2 months ago.  Easy to navigate the menu for a beginner or intermediate runner.  The only negative comment I have is the system should have a USB cable instead of the serial cable which is provided to upload your running data into the training software that is availalbe via Garmin's web sight.  Would like to upload running data into home PC, but I only have 1 serail port which is for the monitor.  This is a feature that Garmin overlooked.
The watch has performed well and has a lot of features. The menues are very intuitive and easy to use. My only complaints are that one of the pins that holds the watch to the strap popped out when I was trying to squeeze through a door - not as strong of a design there as I would have liked. The watch also seems to loose satelites more often then the Timex Bodylink that I had. But I consider it a better watch and it is a better value than the 305.
Accurate and waterproof, I use this GPS to clock my speeds when kayaking in high current areas. Rechargeable battery lasts about 13 - 15 hours and recharges quickly.
This is the best running GPS out there in my opinion because the screen is big enough to see, unlike the 405 / 305, which have slightly better reception, but very little visibility.  Unfortunately, this particular model that I purchased was not the USB model, but the serial connecting model (serial doesn't work with new computers without a USB adapter, of course).  This is a mistake that can be easily made because there is no way to tell the difference unless you look at the back and see either 4 dots (serial), or a small trapezoid plug (USB) which is on the back on the newer 201 models.  After purchasing an adapter it works fine with all of my computers.  The "Triumph" HR monitor that I already had worked with it as well.  Overall:  Excellent product.  Complaint:  Be careful that you buy the 201 with the right connector.
Had this thing now since January. I love it! But had a problem with it last month when all of a sudden it started to turn itself on and off, the buttons wouldn't work. I emailed garmin, they emailed back fast and said to send it with an RMA number. I sent it (cost ten bucks) and they quickly replaced it with another. I was impressed that garmin acted really fast with a product, I hope, I won't have any problems with.Anyway, I live in San Francisco California and the product works great as long as you aren't in the downtown area where the tall skyscrapers are but works anywhere else as long as you aren't too close to buildings 3 stories or higher.The product does it all. I like to wear it driving. I can see how far I've gone. Works great in the car even with windows up on my left wrist.Anyway, I think this is a smart product and I highly recommend it to anyone who jogs, runs, or hikes. Kudos to Garmin for quick action on a defective product and replacing it so quickly!
Bought this item for my wife to use for running and hiking. Works great for both running and hiking although semi-dense tree cover can affect the unit greatly. In comparison I have  Garmin Etrex Legend C and have noticed that it keeps a receiving a signal in much more dense forest than the Forerunner, which is expected considering the size difference. The rechargable battery seems to last for quite a long time which is a definite plus. The Forerunner 201 is a great unit, especially for the price.  I would recommend the Forerunner 201 to anyone interested in a 'training' GPS that will not be used in a heavily forested area.
I've been running to keep in shape for the last 3 years.  Over a month ago a good friend convinced me to train for a marathon.  2 weeks into the training he had to stop the training for personal reasons.  I lost my real partner so I got a virtual one! I got a Forerunner 201 and couldn't be happier.  I live in South Florida and the GPS works great (satellite reception fails sometimes for a brief period of time when the sky is completely covered by dense clouds).  My favorite feature is the virtual partner.  I set the distance and time and the Forerunner helps me to keep my pace and attain my goal. I also have alarms set to certain times and distances.  (The alarms are not loud). The unit is not small but very lightweight (I am a mere 5'3", I carry it on my wrist and does not bother me at all).  I love having a complete log of my runs: date, time, pace, distance, etc.  Garmin's log book is very primitive and the connection to the computer is archaic (9 PIN vs. USB port).  Most new computers do not even have 9 Pin ports anymore! including my laptop so downloading the running data to my computer was a real pain.  Once you overcome those problems (get a converter 9pin/USB) you can export your data to XML files and map your runs using any of the many sites on the net. The user interfase is very friendly and easy to learn. The unit is not only useful for runners, you can switch to bike mode and use it on your bike rides.It would be great if the unit would come with heart monitor and FM turner (XM? better yet)  Wish list anyone?....but for the price I am very satisfied.
Since I purchased the Foresunner 201 I cannot run or bike without. It works perfectly, it is very simple to use and it makes my training much more enjoyable. It would have been nice if both the pace (run) and the speed (bike) could be monitored at the same time. But unless you run duathlons like me, it is a minor problem. The battery life is amazingly long. I highly recommend this product and the bike mount accessory. You do not need to buy any (extra) charger as it obviously comes with it.The connection with the computer is a bit outdated and probably you can use it with a laptop, for example. But it works with any PC desktops.
Compared to a pedometer the Garmin 201 is my preference.  However, I question the accuracy of my running distances compared to the GPS results.  I run the same quarter mile course everyday, 5 days a week and after 1 mile (4 laps) my GPS makes me suspect its accuracy is inconsistent because mile 2 is shorter than mile 1 and by the time I've covered 4 miles I've  run 15 laps instead of 16.  Being a cross country coach for 20 years, I've measured and remeasured courses using a measuring wheel.  I have measured & remeasured my laps with the wheel over the years and I stand by the wheel results--16 laps equals 4 miles.I also use the GPS for determining the miles we walk in a walking class I teach at San Diego City Community College.  I question the accuracy of the miles we cover since we do walk downtown (tall buildings)and through Balboa Park (lots of trees)which causes an occasional weak signal.Overall, the GPS does do better than a pedometer which grossly underestimates mileage!
Overall the Forerunner 201 works well for bicycling, although I wouldn't discard my conventional bike computer for several reasons:1. In Speed mode (vs. Pace mode) there's no option to average out the readings, and the unit is too sensitive to motion. With the GPS mounted on a bike and the bike at a complete stop, tiny motions of less than 1 cm continuously trigger the autostop/autostart, so it keeps beeping and accumulating elapsed time and distance. Setting the Auto Pause threshold to a non-zero value mitigates this problem at a slight risk of false pauses.2. The % grade (custom) readout is highly erratic. If you're moving too slowly (less than 5 mph), even if you're burning your lungs on a climb, it may read 0% or even a negative number like -3%! Seems like there may be a math underflow bug in the algorithm when the vertical displacement is too small over successive readings.3. The altitude reading is not credible when you don't have a clear view of the sky. The unit seems to extrapolate from the last trend it had to "update" the readout, rather than indicating that it's unable to read the altitude. I was on King's Mountain Road (SF Peninsula) under tree-cover, came out into an open spot and the altitude reading jumped by over 500 feet when the GPS got an actual reading from the satellites. There are 2 stretches like this on the climb, and it happened both times.Enabling Auto Lap in the Training Assistant mode sets the GPS to record trackpoints (time, latitude, longitude and altitude), supposedly at fixed distance intervals, the finest preset value being 1 mile. At firmware version 3.40, the current track can hold 3000 points, with the oldest points being overwritten by the newest when you exceed 3000.You might think this means you can go 3000 miles without losing any data, but it seems to sample more often than at 1 mile intervals. I've found that after about 7 hours, I start getting my oldest trackpoints overwritten. The only way around it is to remember to stop the timer, reset, then start the timer: this starts a new track (the previous track is still in the unit's memory until you clear History).The Windows-only Forerunner Logbook application downloadable from Garmin's website is able to download tracks and display (a) speed or pace vs. time, (b) map of the route (from timer start to timer stop), (c) altitude vs. time. There were some goofy data for my most recent ride which showed me exceeding 80 mph(!), probably caused by gaps when the GPS signal was too weak to register. The Logbook application can also export the data as an XML file where each data sample contains Zulu time, latitude, longitude and altitude (in meters, regardless of your settings on the Forerunner or in Logbook). However, the format seems not be recognized by any program (including Forerunner Logbook; i.e., it doesn't know how to read the XML file it wrote!), making it of rather dubious value. Garmin's more recent Training Center (again Windows-only) app does better. GPSBabel (and MacGPSBabel) can now translate LogBook's XML to other formats, including HikeTech (see below). With your track data in GPX format you can use, FlightTrack (Mac OS X) to make dynamic 3D maps overlaid on digital terrain models; and the web-based GPS Visualizer ([...]) to overlay tracks on hi-res satellite/aerial photos, generate elevation profiles and generate kml or kmz files to load into Google Earth (download from earth.google.com, Win 2000, XP, OS X 10.3.9 and 10.4.x only).I found the pins securing the wrist strap impossible to budge with a screwdriver, as stated in the manual. I had to take it to a watch repair shop where the repairer used a "jeweler's band pin removing tool" -- with some careful effort -- to pop the pins in order to remove the wrist strap. So it seems you either leave the wrist strap on or off (or buy the jeweler's tool): it's too difficult to switch around.Why is Garmin still stuck on serial port interfaces? USB has been around for a few years now and is much easier to deal with. It would also be friendlier if you didn't have to use the charger cradle in order to connect to a computer. The standard charger sold in the US is 120v only. It wouldn't have cost much more to design a universal 120-240v charger for worldwide use. Garmin's MSRP for their 240v version is an outrageous $32.90! (It can be found mail-order for around $20.)The owner's manual is pretty minimal. It doesn't explain the elements of the Map Mode display. Perhaps it works well at walking/running speeds, but on a bike I can't pay attention to the road and simultaneously focus on its tiny symbols. And on most rides the display is too small to cover the range of the entire route without the waypoints/auto lap points overlapping.Once again we Mac (and Linux and even Win 95) users are ignored by a manufacturer when it comes to software support. The only way to update the firmware is with a Windows PC because the firmware is wrapped up inside a Windows-only "Updater" executable. On a Mac, you can use a serial-to-USB adapter cable and Virtual PC running Windows 98 or later to update the firmware. You may have to install a Windows driver from the manufacturer of the adapter cable. In my case, I also had to tell Virtual PC that COM1 was the "usbserial0" port on my Mac.For Mac OS X, I found a set of 3 shareware programs from HikeTech.com to be useful. They are: (1) Link2GPS for transferring waypoints to/from the GPS and downloading tracks from the GPS; (2) TopoDraw to display tracks as a 2-D map (you can even overlay tracks on digitized maps as long as you have at least 3 waypoints you can identify on the map to establish its scale and relationship to the track data); (3) gpswrite to chart altitude vs. distance, speed vs. distance. The 3 programs work together using files in GPX format.NEWER ALTERNATIVES (at higher prices, of course): In 2006, Garmin has 2 newer lines of sports-oriented GPS units. The Forerunner 205 is a wristwatch unit with all the features of the 201, a smaller-but-higher resolution screen, and more sensitive GPS circuitry and faster satellite sync. It comes with a 120v/60Hz charger only, no international version. There's a model 305, which adds a heart-rate monitor. Another new series is the Edge, aimed squarely at cyclists. The 205 is the basic model, the 305 the higher-end one, which adds cadence and/or HRM and a barometric altimeter. The Edge series has a larger grayscale screen, better sensitivity and faster satellite sync, and offers a 240v/50Hz charger as an optional accessory.
This is a great motivator for every single run. Provides a much better idea on how far, long you've been running. Have been improving my pace consciously since I've bought the Forerunner.Only thing missing is heart rate option.Maybe one day they'll put an mp3/ipod chip in there too.
I wear a heart rate monitor on my left wrist and the Forerunner 201 on my right.  Like the heart rate monitor, it's a useful training aid, but it's not very dependable.My biggest peeve is that it seems to throw away data that it doesn't think is good enough.  Part of my regular run includes a 4 mile loop in tall evergreen trees.  Most of the time there is no signal, but every 5-10 minutes I come into a clearing and I get a reading, for maybe 2 seconds.  Distance is calculated using a straight line.  I know I haven't been running in a straight line, and the distance number is definitely too small, but I am at least happy because I see progress.Then when I finally do get a strong enough signal, the unit calculates my distance using a straight line between my CURRENT point and the last time it had a GOOD signal. I guess my collection 3-4 poor reading is considered bad data, so the unit throws them away.  Since I just ran in a loop, the distance actually goes backward.  That's really lame to finally get a reading after a 10 minute wait, and have it be less than your last 3 readings.  All that work is just wasted.
Excellent product. Gives an extremely accurate read out. The free software downloaded from garmin.com is easy to use and fun. One thing, the cable it comes with to connect to your computer has a serial port on it, we bought a serial to usb adapter (about $30) so we can plug it in to the front of our computer.
Unless you're running on a track, treadmill, or in a race, you probably don't know how far you're traveling. The Garmin Forerunner 201 will help solve this problem. I purchased this unit in December 2004 and have logged many miles with it strapped faithfully to my arm.Just to address some of the concerns I've seen in the reviews:1) It does take some time to acquire a signal. If you travel more than 500 miles from home, it can take 10 minutes or more to figure out where it is. Aside from that, even staying locally it can take 1-5 minutes to fully acquire signals. This is a good time to stretch and get into a good frame of mind.2) It's GPS, so it's only accurate to w/in 3 feet or so. This means over several miles, it may be off plus or minus a 10th of a mile. However, when you generally run the same routes, you get a feel for the average distance.3) It seems to have problems under tree cover. If you're running in a straight line, this isn't a big deal. Once it gets it's next reading, it can figure out how far you've travelled. If you're on a twisting road or trail, it may not give you credit for the entire distance you covered while it was having trouble finding signals.4) The log software is really cool. Download it from the Garmin website for deeper analysis of pace/distance/elevation/totals.5) This is not a device for figuring out where you're going. If you're out on a run and you need to figure out how to get back to where you began, it is a handy aid. But some other reviewer apparently expected turn by turn driving directions. I never saw anything like that in the marketing for this device. If that's what you're looking for, you're looking at the wrong unit.With all that said, I have found it to be a highly effective training aid. My speed sessions and long runs have improved considerably over the last year.
I like it as a running buddy, but they tend to only last about a year or two! The buttons will stop working there for needing replacement.
Got this for 99.99 on Amazon.com.  Way less than 149.99 which was as low as I saw it in the stores.  Also no tax on Amazon purchase. Well worth the money.  After about 20 minutes of reading manual and quick guide, you should be able to operate to the extent most will use it. It is nice to just run without having to map route with car odometer first.  It seems kind of large to wear on wrist, but you get used to it after about 5 minutes of running with it.  The beeper which sounds when you complete a lap distance of your definition is nice.  No need to keep looking at the screen while running.  Those needing reading glasses will approve of this feature.  You can make your run and look at the stats after you complete the run. The figures for overall time are very large and most people should be able to read these even if they wear reading glasses. It takes about a minute to acquire the GP signal in my area before I head out running.  You can start out walking while waiting for this to sync up.  I live in the burbs so no problem for me with signal. If you run under some trees or between buildings, this may throw of your pace count, but once good signal strength returns, the unit will make corrections.  So don't rule it out if you live in a city. I would make my start and end of run area in a clearing area so you can get a good fix for your start and completion.  The Garmin is a gadget that makes running a little more fun. Great for travel when you have to run in unfamiliar terrain and want to know how far and where you are running.  Nice for the price and a cool gift to give a runner or biker.
I purchased the 201 for a friend who is a big time marathon runner and she can't run without it now.  I purchased the 301 for myself and love it.  The only difference is the heart rate monitor which I never use anyways.  There are only 2 draw backs... if you are running in an area with a lot of trees the monitor will loose its satalite signal or if you run by huge grain elevators!!!  The other draw back is when you are running with a group sometimes you pick up other peoples heart rates or at times it will even go back or skip ahead a 10th of a mile or so.
The 201 is an excellent tool to help with pace and distances when walking or running. Light and user friendly.
I received this watch as a gift.  I have found it to be a great training aid.  It's features are easy to use which is important to me as I am not a techno geek.  The watch appears large and cumbersome but it is lightweight and you hardly are aware that you are wearing it.  I like the large display because I do not wear my glasses when I run and I can easily read the display.The data it collects is quite impressive.  I set it up to record my intervals so when I do long training runs it will track my splits for every mile.  It also keeps a record of my training runs in memory.  I have also found its distance measurements to be reproducable - within 1%.  The rechargable battery is a plus.Here's what I do not like.  The data from the watch can be downloaded to a PC.  The watch did not come with a CD ROM so I went to the Garmin web site and I have had difficulty downloading their software.  As mentioned previously, I am not a techno geek so when I tried to hook the cable into the USB port I was disappointed to find that I had to plug it into one of the ports in back.  Since my PC is installed inside my desk, it will be a major effort to pull it out and sort through all the wires.  This process would have been so much easier if I could just plug it into the USB port on the front of the PC.
I purchased the 201 two years ago because I was tired of 'guessing' how far my runs were or checking with my bike. The 201 perfectly fits my needs and works as advertised. Once fully charged the battery lasts a real 14 hours which is great for taking it on trips. The display is large, easy to read, and allows you to customize it subscreens. You really don't notice it on your wrist when jogging.So why 4 stars? It does lose its signal from time to time when there is tree cover, the charger is like a brick for know good reason, there is no case for traveling, and the serial interface is a dated.For the money it is hard to beat this as a GPS for jogging.
I have both watch systems.  Here are my pros and cons.  Starting with the Forerunner 201Pros:  It's very easy to use.  Big viewing numbers. Many different programs to choose from for running your way (set as pace, time, distance, virtual partner, intervals by pace/distance, or time) Map (not really useful, just fun to have). Downloading running results onto your computer at no additional cost. Past records being stored.  Battery is rechargable and last 13 hours.Updated software/firmware can be downloaded to the watch.  Also, customer service is Great!Now the Cons:No heart rate monitorThis one is important...When using the interval program, example 8 min run / 2 min walk.  Your total distance and time at the end of your run DOESN'T include your walk portion.  If I ran Ten 8 min intervals, my end time would read 80 mins, not 100 mins (which includes the walk time).  For distance is read 7 miles instead of 8.75 miles (which includes the walk distance).  Garmin is thinking about changing this through the firmware, but they need more callers to ask for it.As for the Timex GPS Bodylink system:Pros:  Heart rate monitor, GPS is stronger than Garmin's.  That's it.Cons: Hard to use.  Not user friendly (customer service is great though), no interval program.  Extra money if you want to use the downloading program (you have to buy another item to do this, and you have to where it too, that means, You are wearing, the watch, heart rate monitor(which isn't a problem), GPS devise, and the computer recorder).Timex I would rate a 3 stars.  For use for those that are quick learners with electronics.
The Garmin 201 is a good overall running GPS.  I run in both city and country areas, and I don't have trouble losing the signal.  It takes it a minute or so to find the satellite when I turn it on, so turn it on when you are warming up.  The price is becoming resonable now that there are other newer (more expensive) Garmins out there.  The computer interface is easy to use, and works as advertised, although I still use a paper logbook.  If you forget to log a run, the device keeps the records of your past runs.That said, I'm on my third Garmin.  The first one quit working after I ran during a mist/light rain.  It wouldn't turn on, and trying the reset didn't work.  I sent it back (still under warranty) and was sent a reconditioned model within 72 hours.  That was nice.  That unit stopped working after about 2 years.  It wouldn't turn on, even though when it was being charged it would say "Fully charged."That said, when I went to replace it, I couldn't find anything I liked better.  I cover it with plastic when running in rain.  And I know where the receipt is.
I bought this watch to help train for a marathon, and it has proven indispensable.  I was afraid it was too bulky or akward to wear while running but in fact it is lightweight and hardly noticeable.  The variety of training assistant features help spice up an otherwise boring training run and the distance readings are reasonably accurate.  Once the watch picks up the GPS signal it rarely loses it unless you are in a shaded area, so if you run under treecover I wouldn't recommend this product.  My only complaint is that the instantaneous pace calculation is not very accurate at all (it can vary by 1 to 2 min./mi. in a few seconds!) even when I set the averaging to the smoothest possible.  All in all however this is a great product and well worth the price.
I definitely recommmend this as great training device for anyone who wants to track distance, time and calories expended. It is a less expensive model without the heart rate monitor (as a girl I don't want to wear that running anyway). Only draw back is the design is a little large and not ergonomic.
As a GPS buff I have been using GPS (or loran) in cars, boats and planes for over 20 years.  So i was going nuts waiting for the forerunner to come in the mail. Now that I have it I am almost completely satisfied.  It does so much for so little!  I have found the wrist strap very comfortable.  I have never had any trouble reading pace with or without smoothing.I lost gps signal 2 times under the dense foliage of celebration Florida where I run with friends.  I looked down to see my time and was horrified to see i was running much slower than my intended pace.  It lost about 1/4 mile under the trees and my time looked pretty bad because of it.My favorite part of the 201 is the automatic logging.  I hate writing in my logbook and as i sometimes train 2 times a day I am so happy to be liberated from my writing it all down.  I also love looking at the 'map' of my runs at the end of the day.I only gave it three stars because of the loss of signal, but I love this little GPS and i am never giving it up.
Overall, I like the Forerunner 201. The display is large enough and it monitors/calculates all the data I would want to keep track of in my training. I have yet to try the computer download of the data.I noticed that the accuracy is not very good when running on a track (400 m per lap). When mapping the run, the route is all over the place (while the laps should be plotted on top of each other). Upon looking it up in the manual, I found that the position error of the GPS signal is less than 15 m (contrary to less than 1 m as the sales rep who sold the unit to me at the 2004 NYC Marathon Exposition had told me). That of course explains why it is not really suitable for monitoring the training on a track.
I own several Garmin GPS units I use for hiking and walking, including the Forerunner 201.  I find the Forerunner ideal for my exercise walks and hikes in relatively open areas -- a shady hiking trail causes little problem, but long periods in a dense forest canopy will cause inaccurate results. One does not need a completely unobstructed view of the sky, except when first turning on the unit and obtaining an initial signal (particularly if the unit hasn't been powered on in that area in some time.) I find some of the features more of a hassle to use than an asset, so I do feel as though I'm probably not getting as much out of the unit as I'd originally hoped.  I think this would be a better bicycling unit than it is for hiking. For hiking, I prefer my Garmin GPSMap 76S -- waterproof, topographic mapping capability, comparable tree cover reception (if held/positioned horizontally) and great for downloading GPS tracks to the computer for trip reporting and future trip planning.
It is anexcellant product.  I have a heart monitor so I didn't need this function from Garmin.  Only one issue is I wear reading glasses and the display customization is a little limited to get the results Iwant but it is better than anything I own.
Have had the Forerunner 2 weeks and so far have had great luck using it on the north side of San Antonio.Initally required a hard reset before acquiring GPS signal (hold mode button while pushing the power button).  Since then have had no trouble acquiring signal averaging 45 secs each time.  Stepping into the garage or onto the porch will yield a weak signal message but this goes away quickly when I step back out under the sky.Accuracy is good compared to known routes measured by odometer.  I have also found that it correlates well with the mile markers on the highway and that pace correlated with my speedometer.  I tried its accuracy by walking back and forth over a 21 foot path 10 times and checking the total distance.  There was some rather large variation with each lap but the total path measurement was accurate.  Best result was with maximal smoothing (1% error) vs minimal smoothing (5% error).  Not an adequate test but a good quicky measure that pleased me.No log book software and I am not expecting much - but maybe.  If the software is good this will be a homerun product I think.  In the meantime download Topofusion and hook-up your Forerunner it will display your route over an aerial map and color code the path to indicate the elevation changes.  It will also calculate the total distance, time of travel and total change in elevation over the route.Heart monitor people might want to try Endless Pursuit's website.  They don't offer stand alone software but rather a subscription online service you can upload GPS and heart rate data to.  They will then combine it and provide you with all sorts of analysis.  Haven't used it as I do not yet own a HR monitor.Have used the auto lap and virtual partner and found them both useful.  The display is indeed easy to read.  My one gripe is the message display.  I would prefer just a beep to notify me of each lap or milestone.  As it is, to have an audible beep also requires display of a message box that persists too long (unless you hit a button)obscuring the data on your screen.  You can have messages without beeps but not the other way.  And yes the beep is a little too quiet to hear everytime.  ONe other gripe:  Don't really like the strap, almost too small for my wrist but too large with the extension.  May have to look for a watch band.Overall a pretty nifty product.  Simple easy to use.  I would tell Garmin to Keep it that way and not add a heart rate monitor - probably would mess up the box which is on the border of being too large already.  Instead add the functionality to the software to import and combine data from heartrate monitors.
For the money (thru Amazon), it's a great deal.  The wife bought one of these at a local running store for $159 (on sale they said).  It worked so well that I looked on Amazon and it was so much less in price that I bought myself one.  I already have a Polar that works great, but this one was half the price and does just as good a job.  The only thing we have found a little disappointing is if you have a lot of trees around on your run especially on trails, we lose the signal for the GPS at times.  On open ground, it's super accurate and we have had no problems.  We measured a mile with a measuring wheel, then used the Garmin and it measured exacly 1 mile.  Kind of nice when making new running coarses.
I am absolutely addicted to my Forerunner 201.  After a year or so, the contacts became worn off, so it was difficult to charge.  I owned mine for almost two years and it has died completely on me.  I miss it.
Excellent product for tracking exercise.  Easy-to-read display. Connection to download data should be for USB rather than serial cable
My wife and I bought this from Amazon because we are training for our first marathon. I really like it because I can run anywhere and know exactly how far I've run without pre-measuring the course. I run around our neighborhood of tree lined streets and I don't like to take the same way twice so this is really useful.Likes:Great ScreenThe training assistant and lap/pace alert is a super feature. I set it to beep and warn me when my pace drops below a certain speed (I'm not going to embarass myself publicly and say what that speed is!) Before the forerunner, I thought I was running a pretty fast pace - in reality I'm not as fast as I thought.Dislikes:Unable to store two separate profiles. By this I mean it can't keep separate settings for two people, such as history, pace alert, etc.Sometimes loses coverage running under trees or next to large buildings.Alarm/beep isnt loud enough.All in all, a good product and IMHO worth the price.
The Garmin 201 is a great training partner. The real-time speed and distance information was invaluable to me while running a marathon recently.It's lightweight and very comfortable to wear.
Bought this for my husband who is training for a marathon, he loves it especially the feature that keeps him on pace with the time he needs. It has options for what you want to track and stores the info so you can track it on the computer. I recommend this for anyone in a training regimin, I think you will be happy with it.
I've had my FR for about a year now and all-in-all it's a good product.For the price, it's the cheapest/best you'll get in that range. However, the 301 has dropped to around $150 and it includes a heart rate monitor and a USB connection interface. For a couple bucks more, that's the way to go.Top of the line now is the 205 and 305 (w/ heart rate).  The number one problem with this watch is the GPS connection is tenuous. There are too many times I'm running and I lose the signal for no apparent reason (i.e. clear skies and little tree cover).  This is rectified with the more recent FR's- but for around $100, this one still gets the job done.  But if you're very concerned with accuracy 100% of the time, spring for one of the better ones.
I have had the Garmin 201 for nearly 2 months and have found it to be an excellent training aid. Most of my training takes place in the flat farmlands of Northern Ohio and I have found the distance measurements accurate in comparison to other methods of measurement (e.g. car and bike odometers). Over the course of a workout the "average" pace and distance seem to be spot on in the open farmland. I have observed erratic behavior of the "current" pace during the course of a run sometimes showing that I am running much quicker or slower than I believe is correct even though I have not perceived a change in pace. I have experienced lost signals in the county parks that line the nearby river valleys. My first 5k race on flat ground registered 3.11 miles whereas a trail half marathon (13.1 miles) in a river valley registerd about 12.5 miles.
Overall this is a great product that works well and does exactly what it should.  The only real drawbacks are what others have mentioned already.  The serial interface is a pain, but for a few dollars you can buy a cable on ebay that will convert serial to USB, so that's not a huge deal.  The other thing is the reception.  It is not bad, but definitely not great.  In addition when you are going at a decent pace and then make a sharp corner, your info is way off for a few seconds while the unit realizes that you are not still moving in the same direction.  I'm not sure if Garmin has fixed this with the new Forerunners, but this can be a pain sometimes when you turn a corner and suddenly the unit shows that you are barely moving!The other thing I have experienced is that the contacts on the charging unit get corroded, so the connection to your PC can be shady sometimes.  I have to periodically brush off the contacts to try to upload to my PC.One thing that has improved is the ability to use the Training Center software instead of the Logbook software which was the only thing originally available with the 201.  If you don't have it, check it out on the Garmin website.Overall a great product that I have been very happy with and has seen me through a couple of years and many, many miles!  If the new models improve on this they are definitely worth the money.
The Garmin Forerunner 201 is a computer on your wrist.  just read about the specs and it will tell you everything you need to know.  but the only thing i dont like is that when i look at my pace, it will sometimes read 6.09/mi or 12.6/mi when im really running at about 7.30/mi.  remember this is only sometimes when the signal strength is weak(running under trees for example).  but, in the end i suppose it balances itself out.  i still love this thing. i wouldnt trade it for anything.****
I received the 201 as a Christmas present.  I've put a little over 50 miles on it, and so far, the 201 has been great.Comfort:The 201 is designed to be worn on your wrist, but includes an extender so you can wear it on your arm.  I've only worn it while wearing long sleeved shirts, so I don't know how it feels against the skin, but on top of a shirt it is plenty comfortable.  It may seem big, but it light and doesn't bother me.Accuracy:One of my most recent runs, was the Rock 'N' Roll Arizona half marathon (13.1 miles).  My 201 measured it out to be 13.20, which I'm plenty happy with because there was probably some distance added weaving around people.  I haven't taken the 201 on any heavily wooded paths, so it is rare that I lose a signal, and when I have, it is only temporary.  There are 3rd party software  programs that will put your data onto a satellite map, and usually the 201 is accurate, but there are times when the line will go off the trail.Mac Support:One of my biggest gripes with Garmin, is their Training Center software was only available for PCs.  However they just announced that they were making TC for Mac and should be ready in "Spring 2006".For $100, the Garmin Forerunner 201 is a great buy if you want to track your workouts.  Garmin is releasing the Forerunner 205 in February, which will have a more accurate GPS, and a better design, but it will be $250.
I bought this piece a month ago and I am very happy happy with the performance. It works great and allows me to keep record of all the running. it shows calories/altitude, pace for every mile. I love the auto stop and resume feature.However I would prefer to see the actual time on the same screen where it shows pace, running time and miles. For now I have to hop to another screen to know the current time.
I've had this for a couple months now and it's been great.  Here are my comments.1)  It's a lot lighter than it looks.  In fact it's light enough where I don't even notice the weight.2)  Extremely easy to use.  I was afraid that I would have to read the manual to figure it out, but it was really easy.  Turn it on, allow it to acquire the satellite, then press start and go.  It takes a minute or two to acquire the signal, so I usually turn it on, do my stretching, then it's ready to go.  It also saves the data from all your runs so you can look back at your previous history.3)  Fairly accurate.  I've run several races, and it usually overestimates the distance I've run by 1% or so.  For a marathon (26.2 miles on certified course) it read 26.5 at the end.  For a 15K (9.3 miles) it read 9.4.  I think that sometimes it loses the signal and estimates where you have gone, leading to minor errors.  Sometimes the instantaneous pace reads incredibly low (5:00 min/mile when you know you're running 8:00 minutes).  I have also seen on training runs where it jumps backwards, from say 9.5 miles run back to 9.3.  That being said, for the most part it tracks along consistently and gives you a fairly accurate reading of you distance and pace.  It's been great for marathons, especially the beginning where you are fighting to stay at your goal pace but everyone is excited and running faster.  At the beginning of races I look down at the pace a lot to ensure I am around where I want to be.Overall, highly recommended, especially if you run trails or other places where you can't measure the course with an odometer, or if you travel and want to go for a run but can't measure the distance.  I've noticed that many of my guesses based on pace were a little too optimistic on some courses I run.
If you run mostly alone or have a goal to reach as I do, this is a wonderful pushy unforgiving virtual partner.  It motivates me every time when I read the data.  (BTW, this device even has a virtual partner feature.)  The interface is easy to use.  The free software that saves all possible logs is fun to use as well.As for the GPS function, the receiver is weak.  It loses signals under tree, next to a tall wall, and so on.  It also takes quite a few minutes to lock on the signal upon startup.  Combining with the previous deficiency, you'd better warm up at a place with a clear view to the sky.  Otherwise, your virtual partner won't run together with you.  Neither will you be "running" after you start to run.  The weak reception is common to most Garmin GPS devices.  I own an eTrex, which has the same problem.  Comparing a GPS with Sirf III chipset, the reception is very poor.  In addition, it doesn't record tight-turn accurately.  Running on the track, you'll find that the distance reported to shorter.  Logging the points more frequently will definitely help.  However, I haven't figured it out yet.Though I wrote more words on the negative areas, I still give it thumbs-up.  It is still one the best device available in the market as of today (11/2005).  You just need to understand the limitation and use it when the situation fits.  There are enough positive material generated from Garmin's marketing machine.
I'm very happy of what I got :)
I tried the first day, it guided me to right infront of thecustomer's house most of the times. only few times short from the correct number, but it there at destination, just looked forcorrect address. over all good to have for the road never missedturns.
I found the Rikaline 6010 GPS unit while looking for a nice dedicated gps module. It supports the standard NMEA protocol, and my unit has a permanent usb cord, though I know there are models with interchangable interfaces for pda's and serial connections.For USB connectivity, it uses the PL2302 serial to usb chipset, which has drivers for linux and mac OS X (windows and osx drivers included with the cd). I've used it under both of those with much success, and I feel safe in assuming that it works just as well under windows.The unit itself is very nice, has a rubberized magnetic base, and the cord is a nice length. If you need greater sensitivity for indoor application, or "urban canyons" check out the "X5" version of the Rikaline 6010.I'm very satisfied with this product, and I think it will make for a nice component of my homebrew car computer system.
Easy to assemble and attach to the wall mount. Took a while to get here though.
Great Stuff but package did not contain installation manual and so the untrained individual would not be able to install.  Item was offered with TV wall mount when purchased and goes well with that item.
Good product.  Priced a little higher than I would have liked.  Wish the hight adjusters allowed enough room to hang both a DVD AND a vcr.
It works fine but takes a little longer to catch the signal than I would like.
Very good detail and accuracy. I would recommend this product to outdoorsmen.  I now own Topo Canada and USA and use them all the time.
I found this product very helpful and sufficiently detailed to be useful with my Garmin GPS.  I do wish there was a bit more detail on the maps such as campsites (some are listed but no all) canoe portage trails, rapids, etc.  Overall I am quite pleased with this product and would recommend it.
I received the topo map just before leaving for Algonquin Park.  Loaded into my Garmin 60CSx with no problems (have a 2 gig card installed).  I was able to plan out the entire trip and mark the beginning and end of each portage.  It was amazing to be paddling down a 15 mile lake and look down at the canoe floor to see an arial view of where we were in the lake, our speed, time to the next portage and a red arrow pointing the direction to paddle.  The topo maps covered the park very well, but detail not there once you leave the park areas and travel on the roads... but enough information to allow us to navigate our way back without any problems.  I used a carabiner clip to attach the unit to the thwart of the canoe and that worked well.
Good topo maps.  Most lakes, streams, peaks are marked, along with surprisingly good coverage of minor roads and back roads (which are routable in MapSource).  MapSource calculated driving routes are often sub-optimal, but this is to be expected given that this is the topo product.My biggest complaint is that few trails are marked.
Downloaded easy. One problem when I loaded them on my GPS I lost my the detail on my U.S. maps, I don't know why. I talked to GPS people at community college where I work, they told me it is fault with Garmin units. I now have to keep a micro card with my U.S. maps on it and swap out the card when I change countries. Unfortunate.Other than that problem everything else is fine.
This case is a good thing for an expensive GPS receiver.  This is the only one that I have been able to find that covers the whole unit, including the screen and buttons.  The windows are a little misplaced so that the buttons do not fall completely within the window, but they are still useable.  It would be perfect if the included plastic clip thing was removable, but there is just enough room to slip a carabiner through the loop.  The case will also make it hard to change the batteries or use the data cable.  The unit will have to be removed from the case (which is quite an operation) to allow the cable to be plugged in or the back to be removed.
I have the version that fits my Garmin etrex vista HCX. I use it on my mountain bike wrapping the velcor strap around the bar and clipping the carabiner clip on the brake cables. With this configuration I don't have to stop and pull it out of my pack to make sure I'm on track. At this point, I'm not sure on the projected durability otherwise it would have gotten 5 stars. I crashed once and it stayed completely intact. Nice, inexpensive product to protect my expensive GPS investment.
If you like your unit as much as I do, then this carrying case is a must.. I have the GPS V, so I do not know if it would fit any differently on the II or III.The case fits good at best.  The biggest problem with mine is that the antenna hole isn't in the best position, so it makes the rest of the case off a bit.  The plastic view cover is slightly off b/c of this.  The plastic cover also scratches easily.  The neoprene is nice though.All in all, it is a good case, and I'm glad I have it for hiking and such.  There's not much need of it if you are just going to keep it in your vehicle.Pros: ProtectionCons: the fit, cheap plastic screen cover
Ok, it seems like overkill to have on a bike, but I like the ease of use and stability that the case gives me when riding my bike.  It has a solid construction and is easy to mount.  It doubles as a handy carrying case, also.  The screen is visible through the plastic window.I recommend it, and it is a good value.
Its nice to have a case to put our Garmin in. The quality is good. It is cramped, but we can fit in the device, cords and the mount pad.
Very nice case for your GPS system, but the same case at Walmart sells for 9.95 (ten dollars) cheaper less freight.
Excellent carrying case for any GPS.  My Garmin Nuvi 760 GPS, cables, and suction cup mount fit perfectly in this bag with a little extra space.  The reason I bought the bag is to have everything for my GPS in one place.  The bag design is very simple and functional.  The divider that attaches in the interior of the bag via velcro adequately separates the GPS from the other equipment.  The neoprene walls of the bag are very thick.  I still suggest a tight case for the GPS since the bag may not protect the screen from scratches if it gets jostled around, but overall I am very pleased with this purchase.
Good size for Garmin StreetPilot 320.  Big enough for mounting bracket, wall charger and extra maps.  Well padded too.
I took a chance and this bag is too small to put the Nuvi 855, friction mount, power cable in without taking it all apart and packing it all in nicely. Forget about adding other stuff in like remote antenna, hard-shell case for the 855, other accessories, etc. I'd like a case that is just big enough to grab the Nuvi with friction mount with cord, and plop it all in without having to disassemble it all first. And then be able to take it out and hook it up in the car without having to reassemble everything again. Will keep looking...Construction wise, this bag seems well made and has adequate padding.
This bag fits my 5" Magellan GPS very well.  Case is perfecr height and width.  Holds window mount and charge cable easily with still plenty of space for a camera or phone.  Nice adjustable divider to protect the GPS.  Could be a bit sturdier.
This case fits a lot more models than listed on Amazon.  I found it first on the Magellan website and ordered it for much less on Amazon for my Magellan roadmaster 9055-LM.  It is a tight squeeze but everything fits in except for the dashboard stand.
I've had this monitor since Dec 2008 and I have not had any major problems with it's performance.  The only issue is the satellite acquisition time.  But even that is usually under 5 minutes.
I have owned a 301 for about a month and a half now. Just three days ago I ran my first marathon with it. I'm proud to say that I am a beginner runner and GPS user.With that in mind I would like to say that although the 301 has its flaws, it is a great device especially for those of us that are just starting. Don't expect it to have the accuracy of a top of the line $400 device simply because the 301 is not one of those. Maybe it was overpriced in the beginning  but it is fine now.The pace will never be measured at a constant manner neither will the heart rate. These are inherent flaws of the runner and of the technology. Your pace is never constant, I would think that the more accurate an instrument is, the more fluctuations you would see in the digits.As far as the heart rate monitor goes, listen I never used one of those until I purchase my 301 and although it may not be the best, when used properly there should be no problem. There is plenty of info on the web on how to properly use a heart rate monitor.I give it 4 stars but keep in mind that I think that if you are experienced with GPS devices, obsessed with pinpoint accuracy while running or loaded with money, there are plenty of other devices out there for you. If you are starting out then go for it, the only issues I've had with it were a lost signal while going under a massive bridge during my marathon when I got the signal back I realized it was about 0.20 miles off in the end, 26.2 or 26.4 is a lot of running for me anyway. The other problem I had occurred during my training when the heart rate monitor was going crazy during the start of the run, I realized that the electrodes were not moist enough. I'd love to blame the technology but it was really my fault.Anyway, I hope this helps
The Garmin 301 is a great running GPS that will provide you with info on all of your runs. Its great to calculate your calories burned, miles ran, average speed and pace, as well as many other features. I could go on and on about how great the features are on this unit. However, there is one draw back...The GPS reception is not great, and it is not very accurate. I ran 8 laps around a metric track and my GPS was off by about 330 feet at the end of 2 miles. It may lose GPS signal as well, if you are using this as a solution to accurate distance and timing, this unit is not for you. Its an "average" reading unit, meaning don't beat yourself if you don't beat your old mile or two mile by a few seconds, my unit regularly changes the same distances I run by a few hundred feet. It also read a few hundred feet difference in elevation while running on the track. Again, the features are awesome, but what can you expect from a unit that is no much bigger than a cell phone? Its great for an overall or average reading but not for extremely accurate readings.
This is a Great product!!  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get accurate distance on the run and bike.  I bought it for running but it works great on the Bike.  It has a heart rate monitor which has been good I have had it lose the heart rate for a short time than come back.It is loaded with features and downloads/uploads to PC thru USB port.I can now run a new route and know my speed and distance for sure.
Product works great!.Pros;Respectable GPS signal, easy interface, good interactive training programs,motionbased website tracks your activity.Cons:Weak GPS signal in wooded areas, large bezel.Makes running more enjoyable.If your mission based and like to track your work. Get this!
I got the forerunner for my birthday about 6 weeks ago.  I've been training for triathlons for about a year and a half now and I really had no way of knowing until race day what my speed/pace was during training, or if the work was paying off.  This unit really does the work of a training log and there will be no embellishments!  The accuracy of the GPS is solid, even when riding through trees on my mountain bike or running on heavily wooded trails.  When I'm done with my workouts I can quickly and easily download them to my PC and analyze how I did.  I can identify trouble spots in my workout that allow me to make adjustments.  I've tried some of the canned workout routines but so far I'm creating my own.  You can customize your workout however you want on the PC, then send it to your forerunner, or vice-versa.  The only complaint I have so far is that the heart rate monitor sometimes loses my heart rate and goes flat... I'm pretty sure I wasn't dead at the time, so my guess is, it's a little flaky at times.  If I make sure I wet the belt and my skin, it seems to help but it doesn't cure it.  I will be contacting Garmin about this if it gets any worse.  The flat lines are usually early in my workouts.  After I'm sweating hard, the monitor doesn't usually quit.  I've also noticed that hard, jolting terrain can also mess up the monitor.  I know I've never reached a HR of 220 BPM, but somehow the monitor picked up such rates consistently on a fast downhill decent on a fire road.  It had to be the jolting of my body that caused it because most of the rest of the ride was accurate.  The unit also tracks elevation quite well.  It's nice to know what kind of hill you were climbing when your heart rate got so high.  So far, I can't think of any features it doesn't have that I would  add.  The PC software could use a few more features but it was free with the unit.  If you want better software, there are software packages offered for a price.  Overall, I'm have a great time with this training tool.  I think it's well worth the price when you consider what other HRM's cost with NO GPS!  Garmin got it right with easy to navigate menus and a good design.  The lap button is located probably a little too close to the start/stop button, but once the user (that's me) got used to it, he only hits the lap button when he wants to now.Update:  Still loving this unit after 8+months of use.  I've found the solution for the heart rate strap.  I was wearing it too high on my chest!  If I just slidt it down to about the bottom of my sternum, it never loses the signal.  It only took me about 7 months to figure that out... Duh.  I find that I pretty much use the data to track my weekly and monthly mileage and my fitness progress during specific workouts.  It can be easy to get caught up in looking at the data for hours but is that really helping me?  I do wish the software that comes with the unit was more robust.  You can't do anything with the data.  You can't rename the default names, you can't sort any of the data, it's pretty much just a viewer.  I would like something that would allow me to do more.
Nice little gizmo for training purposes. Little big and clunky for the wrist. Will not work until satellites are collected, so turn on early if you are trying to record exact distances and time. Lots of features, don't use all of them yet, still learning, but would be very handy for serious training. Battery holds well and nice recharge system. Downloadable to see routes and sessions- very impressive and able to see progress. Good value for the money.
Bought it as a gift to my husband he loves it.No complaints after using it several times other then sometimes it loses sattelites during his runs and it causes it to act a little whacky for a few minutes.
This unit was a step up from another heart rate monitor I had been using, specifically purchased for the GPS capabilities.  Overall the unit is very reliable and I've only had one very overcast day where I could not pick up the satellites.  The GPS does seem to take some time to acquire but I have never had inaccurate mileage by starting before acquired.  Included software is adequate and informative.  Only issue I have had is with rubber USB connect door not closing easily or staying closed.
I thought I'd wait a few months before writing a review to really give myself some time and miles with this device.  I'm training for a December marathon and so it's been getting plenty of use and the short of it is that, as you would expect from garmin, the GPS is great.  The heart rate monitor on the other hand has been for the most part, useless.  It has worked and a few times, flawlessly, but for the most part, it is erratic and will sometimes show a heartrate of 240 bpm.  Combine that with the alerts you can set for upper and lower ranges and you end up with a device that doesn't stop bothering you during a run.  Yesterday I ran 10 miles and carried the heart rate monitor in my hand for about 8 of the 10.  I have read many other reviews and some people have no trouble at all with the monitor and others seem to have the same frustrations that I am having.As for the GPS, I can't say enough about it.  Combine that with being able to view your runs on Google Earth and it is truly a gadget freaks dream.If they can fix the heart rate monitor, this would be a runner's dream come true.  Until then, the 201 seems a better bet.  Then at least the device will work as it's supposed to.
The product worked very well for the most part.  The features exceeded my expectations and should satisfy both beginner and serious athletes.  My complaints are three, and they are ones I can live with.  If you are running on a course that has many tight turns, the average speed calculation will get distorted on the turns because of the calculation intervals using the GPS are not quick enough.  In other words, it is very accurate going straight or with gradual turns, but less so in tight places.  The second issue is the monitor did not recognize the heart rate chest strap very quickly when you first strap it on.  In most cases it took over 2 minutes to start after it put on correctly (we were careful to follow instructions).  Lastly, it took about 2-3 minutes to initialize (find satellites) when it was first turned on.  I have other Garmin boat and car units that initialize in less than 30 seconds.  Aside from that, I loved it.
I bought this product as I had already used the 201 satisfactorily and wanted the same product with a heart rate monitor. I've only had the 301 for a month but so far I've not been disappointed. It takes a few minutes to find the satellites (I usually leave it outside while I get ready) but the signal after that has been good. I've even had an indoor signal! The unit is quite user friendly and easy to understand the different settings and features. The unit fits to your wrist. On my first run I found it a little bit bulky (I'm a female with quite skinny wrists) but now I'm really used to it and I'm not even aware it's there. The HRM is fine although on a couple of runs I've had to readjust the chest strap to regain the signal. I had heard mixed reviews about the software product the 301 comes with but I've tried this and it seems very straightforward to use. The cable is included and plugs straight into the USB port. It produces nice clear charts of your work outs. All in all, a good product and great value compared to the newer models!
The only difficulty I have with this product is that the software is not Mac compatible.
I like the item. Itshows the distance of runs well and the heart rate well.Future suggested improvements are the following:a. show a larger number for the heart rate.  In the dark with "mature eyes" it is a little hard to read.b. the minutes per mile appeared to record wildly when running a steady pace on a flat surface.  I am not sure why.c. the item wears a little large on the wrist.d. this may be too much, yet some GPS systems show the altitude above sea level.  That could be interesting to know the variations in a hill run.An issue that is out of the company's control, I left the watch and heart rate band on top of my car, drove off, and lost them! What a bummer.
I have several other Garmin GPS products and this one is on the same level with them.  When it comes to GPS I think Garmin is the industry leader, especially for hand held units.  I had some trouble with the heart rate monitor in the beginning, but once I tightened the strap it worked better.  I have had other brand of Heart rate monitors and this one you need to have the band much tighter than the others.  The only down side to this product is the size of the unit on your arm.  It is very lightweight but is pretty large.  I would recommend this product for anyone.  The software is really user friendly.  You can even Geocache with it.  All in all it is a great addition to my running.
I love this thing..My only complaints are that the heart rate number is too small, and once in a while I lose the signal.  Other than that, it's wonderful!
Overall I am pleased with my purchase of this product. I like the features of stopwatch, heart rate monitoring, pace, and distance. The only complaint I have is that it doesn't clearly define my entire path (i.e. listing street names) which I had thought was an interesting feature. The picture from the product's website shows how it displays the exact location of the entire run. I downloaded the upgrade from the Garmin website, but it still does not show the street names.  It just shows a diagram of the directions I ran on a white screen then it will display the nearest interstate or major highway. It's not a major concern to me, though, since I care more about tracking my progress which it does that well.
Information very clearly displayed. Is super easy to use and is almost intuitively like a black berry. I use to run with a Polar and was never happy until I got this Garmin.
This is an impressive product, with both a HR monitor and GPS capability. I debated giving it a 5 but marked it down only because of the limited mapping function and the limitations in using the data interactively.  For example, it isn't possible to change the variables on the x-axis to permit plotting HR against elevation changes. But overall, it is a solid and relatively easy to use device.
I have had one of these since February having previously used the Oregon Scientific Heart Rate Logger with Download (until it fell in the kitchen garbage disposal).The question I could not answer easily when searching was: does this work in the Gym, the answer is: Yes (and no) - there is a setting which switches off the GPS and just records your heart rate, and it works well if your working reasonably hard (elliptical, treadmill etc), although for light workouts (me on my Wii) the heart rate monitor struggles at best.I have used it whilst Skiing (theres a nice website that uploads your garmin data and even tells you which runs you were on etc), and airsofting.GPS performance works well except in wooded areas, although useful for navigating the woods, if you need accurate recorded data it will let you down, also as all GPS devices if your out running and you make an accute turn (e.g. 180 degrees) the recorded distance will fall off (the unit records points approximately 4-6 seconds apart.  Taking wide loops alleviates this issue though.Battery life does how it says 14 hours on a full charge is no problem, however after I have downloaded into my laptop, I have picked up the unit for the next run and found the battery dead, so now once I disconnect from the PC I cycle the power to make sure it is switched off.The Garmin proprietary software works well, seamlessly syncs and displays lots of useful data.  Online motionbased software (provides huge amounts of data on your runs, walks etc) works well and with the downloadable Garmin Connect software pulls data off the device as easy as the software on your machine.  As I have said before with skiing there are other more specialised websites that either use .GPX tracks or use the Garmin Connect software to easily upload your data.Any waypoint editors, etc which work with the other Garmin walking/exercise units will read and write data to this device with few issues if any.Summary:This is the lowest priced forerunner with a heart rate monitor.If you dont have a big budget and want a GPS recorder/heart rate monitor get this one.If you can afford more get theGarmin Forerunner 305 GPS Receiver With Heart Rate Monitor, apparently this has a better GPS receiver.This unit has provided me with loads of motivation to get my backside off the couch and get out there and run/walk.
Its an excellent machine for all levels of runners/cyclists.  I strongly recommend this unit.
The Garmin 301 is really a great product the only problem I had with it was the watch pin that holds the wrist strap together came out.
I have only had a few opportunities to run with the 301, but I am already seeing enhancements in my running.  The instant feedback on my pace really helps me keep on top of my speed.  I do see some erradict readings, glancing down one second seeing a 9:30/mile pace, then seconds later I am at a 6:30 mile pace.  But for the most part it seems to be spot on.  A little big, curious about the 305, but didn't want to wait or shell out the extra dollars.  A good investment overall.
First the postitives:-The Heart Rate Monitor has worked FLAWLESSLY - don't know why another reviewer had problems.-GPS functions are great-Software is good, and when combined with an online service like Motion Based it's extremely helpful whether you are an elite athlete or someone trying to get back into shape-It has been durable (yes, I've dropped it twice :( )I credit the use of the 301 with revolutionizing my training.  For cycling, running and MTB it's awesome.  I've also used it to create trail maps, cycle rout maps, and a treasure hunt map for Boy Scouts.The negatives are all minor-The usb dust cover looks poor - mine is still OK, but I anticipate it wearing out.  A minor problem-The wrist strap is a joke.  It's too small to fit on an adult male's wrist and the extension sizes it for king kong.  My solution was to replace it with a 20mm sport watch wrist band for 3.98 at Wal-Mart and now it is perfect-The bike mount they sell for it is questionable. I haven't had a problem with it, but the way it holds the 301 in the mount, with 4 very tiny plastic tabs looks weak.  I'll probably build my own mount based on theirs.All in all - this is a training aid everyone who exercises outdoors will find value in.Suggestions for improvement: Another model for cycling that includes wireless cadence and a power meter.  Yes that will pump the price up - but it beats having an SRM, 301 and/or cateye computer on the 4 bikes I use this on.
This watch is very easy to use and has all you need for the price.  Don't know what more you could find in the $350 watches out there.  The only thing that is a little hard to deal with at times is the satellite connection doesn't always work.  Perhaps that has nothing to do with the watch, though, and with the satellite system.  I bought this watch for my husband, and he uses it every morning while running.  Very motivating!
It's nice being able to run anyplace you want with out needing to go back and drive the route to find the mileage.  I was a bit worried about the heart rate monitor but so far so good.  It's only lost the heart rate once and I just slid it down a bit on my chest while running and the signal came right back.  One thing to note is it will lose signal in the woods occasionally and the mileage on my 4 mile road runs is always off by ~ +.2 tenths.  Maybe I need to run straighter :)
I really enjoy the product i bought but....when i recieved it in the mail it did not have the outlet power adapters or oweners manuel. also i am in the military so this works great for me and running but on the GPS Side it gives one option for grids not a military option for grids which dont help me. but over all a good product thanks.
I LOVE my Garmin. My running has vastly improved and helped me meet and beat my running goals.In the last four months I have soaked and beaten this thing and it keeps ticking!I gave it four stars though because while I LOVE it, it does need some improving to make it *perfect* LOL!The heart rate monitor goes a little whacky every so often and some days it takes a long while to pick up that I am indeed alive! LOL!The GPS is good but not great by any means- I must go outdoors to pick up signal and even then it takes 2-10 minutes to get it.I am sure the newest model has made these improvments but it isn't worth the $$$ when I am happy with the 301. It was worth every penny and then some! When it dies I will most certainly get the newest Garmin! I joke with my husband that one day I will have to divorce him and marry Mr. Garmin ;) LMAO!
The GARMIN 301 is readily adaptable for rowing, I have used it for over a year in a single scull, mounted on the cross rigging. I have an oar mounted cadence meter which complements the GARMIN perfectly.  When I do cross training I select the 'running' mode for road work. Great piece of technology.
I really like my Garmin. It tracks miles well. You can see heart rate, distance, pace, and time all at once.  There's even a virtual training partner, but I've never used it.  The only problem is that they only last for about 2 years and then just quit.  This is my third Garmin Forerunner.  I suppose it's from being exposed to the elements and sweat almost every day.
I have been using this on an inside track as a timer and heart rate monitor. It works great for that. Being able to download the results to a computer for analysis is great. It makes it easy to provide the data to your doctor or anyone else. Today I used the 301 outside and found that the GPS didn't work as well as my Nokia phone (running Sportstracker). So I give this a 4 of 5.
Great unit. Sits a little large on the wrist but I understand they have designed a smaller device. I love the software which records the results. I used it to track a hike at the Grand Canyon. I got lost and it helped me get back on track. This is a great conditioning tool. I have reduced my long distance running times.
I purchased this item to get a definitive measure of how fast and how far I was running. It met my expectations and is a pretty neat tool to have as a runner.The downside is that it is a bit bulky being a large display (which is good), and the save functionality is awkward. But if you use the software to track your running, it comes out ok.Great value for the benefit.
This a great product.  All features are excellent and data automatically transfered to pc once connected.  My only issue is that it takes too long to connect the gps feature.  There were no trees in the area and it still took about 8 minutes to locate.  Other than that I was happy.
I read previous negative previous reviews about the heart monitor.  I don't even use it.  I just bought it for the gps pace and split capabilities which work great.  Because of the heart rate issue (I think), I got it for a song.  The units the size of 2 watches, but light enough that I dont mind it.
I got a 301 when they first came out. I've used it for hiking, running and bicycling. Most of the time it works great. The heart rate monitor works for me only if the chest strap is really tight. And you must keep checking it every day. It loosens up constantly. It must be slightly uncomfortable to reduce the erratic readings. The pace read out is no good, so I just ignore it. I get better GPS results when I wear the 301 on top of my hat. Then I cannot see the pace number. I just set the unit to beep every mile and look at my stop watch. That's good enough for me. I live in the south SF Bay area and the only place I've been where trees are a problem is Uvas County Park. There are steep canyons there too. I've had great success transferring data to my computer. Nearly everybody says the Garmin Training Center software is unsatisfactory. Well, it's not great, but it works. I started running in 1969 and if I thought then I would have the function this unit provides in the future, my friends would have thought I was crazy. Of course, back then I had no such ridiculous thoughts...
When i first started running i had a horrible time pacing myself and would burn out way to easily. After purchasing this device i saw i was able to keep a more solid pace on my runs and withing 1 month of using it i saw my 1.5mile run time go from 13mins to about 11mins. This is a must have for any kind of runner due to its versatility.
I dont like that you cant print your results from the workout from the software. The device isnt completely accurate on distance. Close, but not precise.If you accept this then the Garmin 301 Forerunner is a great tool for excersize. The workout partner feature I use alot. You set your pace and the display shows you a partner keeping that exact pace. It then lets you know how far ahead or behind you are. It has high and low alarms for your pace as well as heart rates. You can easily customize your workout by workout time, pace or distance.It will lose signal if you go under large trees or underpasses. I recently did a half marathon and lost signal when I went under the bridges. This caused a discrepancy in the overall distance.The software lets you trend your data (distance, pace and heart rate) on overlapped or seperate displays.I do like the Forerunner. Its just a training aide and does a good job at that.If you are particular about your information being very accurate then you should get a different product.Because of these slight inaccuracies it loses one star with me. Its still worth a solid 4 stars.
This device works very well.  The GPS is nice to have a distance (give or take the fudge factor) for paths and routes that are not easily measured.  I have had no problem with the heart monitor.  The training partner is a great tool to run against.  Although mine seems to win more that it should;)  if you are looking for within inches distance accuracy then this is not your device.  If you are looking for accuracy within the GPS  deviation then I endorse this device.
I have really enjoyed this product and it works great in areas where the GPS signal is relatively unobstructed. I live in New England and frequently run through areas with a lot of trees. I find that the signal reception is spotty in some areas which makes most of the features on the watch useless. As long as I am in an area where I get a good signal, I love it.
I waited to write my review after having the product for a while. I really like it. It is great for running, biking as well as hiking. The interface is very user friendly though I have to admit I have not tried customizing it as of yet. The only small complaint I have is that the 301 it is quite large and awkward when running (thus the 4 stars & not 5). For the money it is a very good value.
Using the Forerunner 301 for about a month straight now, I am completely happy with the purchase. It's given me very accurate data on nearly every training run (with the exception of one), and the Training Center software is quite adequate for analyzing my data.It loses a star because of its bulk, but I get around that problem by not wearing it on my wrist. Garmin cleverly includes an extension strap that allows you to strap it around your upper arm instead of your wrist, not unlike an MP3 player strap.I have gotten great signals from the GPS device every time I've used it, running in low or high altitude, and in 3 different states. The map function is great for doing training runs in unfamiliar surroundings. It leaves a trail behind you that amounts to "digital bread crumbs." If you get lost, simply turn your map on and follow your path to get back. (It works. It tried it on a 7 miler while I was on a trip this summer.) Plus, the heart rate monitor has worked flawlessly as well...once I actually read the directions on how to use it properly. There are also plenty of things this little device can do that I haven't even learned yet.If you're after the "whole package" of GPS accuracy and ease of use all in one package (as opposed to wearing a bulky GPS device on your belt), this is the only way to go.
Well I bought my first 301 for me and it worked great. I bought a second one for my wife locally and when I tried to enter her name as a new user it would not read her device even though the computer said it was connected. The device worked great in reading her heart rate and position but just would connect to the software. I called Garmin and they sent me through some tests and determined that it was the unit and to send it back, taking weeks. I returned it to the store for an exchange and it too would not connect to the software. So I went to the Garmin site and downloaded the most recent version of the software and...that fixed the porblem. HOWEVER now this unit would not pick up her heart rate. We called and tried to get the first unit back but no luck. So we got a third unit locally and it has worked great...So now, we love the thing and we both use it 3 times per week and the software works great.
I purchased the garmin 301 after my garmin 201 died.  I figured rather than pay $69 to have it fixed I was better off to buy a new one and have all the added features. I love the garmin products, I use them to train for marathons and I find it very helpful to know the pace, time, and distance without having to try and figure it out. I've been slightly disappointed when running in the woods to find that I lose my signal (and we aren't talking deep in the woods either). Luckily, these times were on measured courses, or else I would have been ticked off because it wouldn't have been at all accurate. I feel this is a good product to aid in tracking your progress, although you're better off to get the 201 (for less money) unless you know you will wear the heart rate monitor strap. I found the heart rate monitor uncomfortable to run in for long periods of time. Also I do want to mention that my first garmin died only a year and a half after having it, which I feel is too short of a time to quit for the amount of money they cost.
Nothing wrong here, works great.Easy to use, does everything I would want in a training HR monitorSoftware is cool and helps track routinesWish it had a Sirf III chipset because it takes forever to locate.Looses signal easily in trees, nothing new with that though
I have noticed that the distance it calculates is not consistent.  I run the same distance every day and it is off by as much as 100yds.  I thought the accuracy would be better but I understand there are issues with the satellite signals and I do loose the signal occasionally because I run under trees.  Other than hat this product is great.  I'm able to see my distance I run and track it with the software provided.  I would recommend this product.
I bought the 301 in early March 2007 and have used in on a handful of runs and a couple of bike rides, and have found a couple of useful features that made it worth the purchase. The first feature I love is the auto-pause, the watch can pause when you stop e.g. at an intersection, and then automatically resumes when you start running again - no more stopping and restarting the watch to capture an accurate running time. The second feature is the auto-lap, the watch can automatically take laps for you when you go through each mile (or km) - again no more checking your gps and pressing the lap timer. With both of these turned on I can run and never need to touch the watch until the end of my workout. The 301 is larger than a regular watch, but this enables a bigger display which shows 3 data points, it has two preset and one custom format. The display format I use shows HR, total time and current lap (mile) pace. Highly recommended.
All around the best workout tool I have used to date.  I am definately a "gadget buff" so I have tried MANY other toys.  The best feature about this tool is the ability to download your workouts to you computer to track your progress.  I even use it when on a stationary bike or treadmill so that I can track my heartrate & download it to my computer.Gripes - I am not happy with the chest strap.  I am 6'5" and workout on a regular basis so I have a fairly large chest.  The strap is big enough, but I cannot find a happy medium when it comes to fit.  No matter how tight I try to make it, the strap still tries to slide down to my waste as I breath in & out.I would also like the strap for the reciever to be bigger so that I could wear it on my upper arm. (too small even with the extension strap)The final gripe is that the GPS is useless in the woods.
This is a cool toy that performs as advertised. It does a nice job of collecting and displaying distance, speed, heartrate etc. It works well while running, biking, hiking and driving.My only concern is the protective cap for the USB port is pretty flimsy.My wish list is that Garmin would upgrade the Training Center software to allow more Excel-like features such as plotting any combinations of data and increase the user control of how it plots.
The Garmin Forerunner is a terrific exercise computer.  It covers all the bases in an easy to use, well designed package.  In my case, I use it with the optional handlebar mount on my bicycle, allowing me to monitor my exercise and regulate my energy output and keep a log of all my rides and the various statistics that comprise each ride.  You are given heartrate, distance, average speed, elevations, everything relative to your exercise session.  Some of the features I haven't yet used include the virtual coach, a feature where the Forerunner literally reminds you that you're being a lazy sod, and prods you to pick up the pace as well as some of the running specific features.  This is a terrific product, especially for the triathlete because it can be used while running.  My only gripe is Garmin's stubborn allegiance to utilizing only Microsoft's Windows OS in the Forerunner's interactions with your home computer.  It would be nice if they supported the Macintosh OSX operating system, but alas, they do not nor do they plan to in the future (hence only 4 stars in my review).  Other than that glaring deficiency, this is an incredibly useful product.
Does a fairly good job when you're out in the open, but if you're surrounded by buildings or in heavy trees it tends to lose the satellite signal which fouls up your distance and pace measurements. The heart rate monitor seems to work okay but also seems to sporadically lose its signal (maybe when surrounded by other heart rate monitors, like when in a race.) Has lots of nice bells and whistles and the software that comes with it is nice for uploading and viewing all your running/biking history. All in all it's good for training on your own out in the open, but not so hot for running in the city in large groups.
The Forerunner 301 is a nice GPS unit for the price. It's fairly simple to use, but has a variety of functions for geeks who like to play with such toys.A few issues that I have had with this unit though is the heart-rate monitor is a bit finicky and depending on where you are the GPS signal isn't the best, but these problems rarely occur. Overall a great buy!
The heart rate monitor straps across your chest.  I am a guy, so really no problem, but may be a problem for the female crowd.  Is very accurrate and battery lasts for several hours.
The GPS10 is a pretty basic piece of equipment. It doesn't have the latest GPS chipset known as SIRF Star3. So the reception isn't great and it's pretty slow at getting satellites.But, if you want to use Garmin Software (iQue) on your Treo or Palm, it's the only choice you have. Garmin software uses a proprietary protocol that can only "talk" with Garmin GPSs.Another feature on the good side is that the unit is a magnet that you can simply put on the roof of your car and it doesn't budge. The range for bluetooth is more than 15ft so it still works perfectly.So, if you have a Palm or Treo and the GPS10X still isn't out, it's a pretty good choice.
It's probably one of the best bluetooth GPS receivers anywhere. However, it's very pricy. Of course you are forced to buy if the maps you need are only available from Garmin. Otherwise TomTom/Destinator/Navigon all provide better navigation software that works with other generic receivers that are much much cheaper.Saying that, I still think it's better than most bluetooth GPS receivers out at the moment.
The bluetooth GPS device works well. The fact that it is weather resistant and has a strong magnet for holding it on the roof of your car adds to the versatility. However, the plug which weather proofs the connector socket when it is not being charged is not attached and very easy to lose. Also, the software for use with PDAs and phones does not allow you to plan a trip on your desktop or laptop and then download routes and waypoints to the phone. With that caveat, overall operation is excellent.
Bought sensor only, works with my HP Tablet PC without a problem.Using Microsoft MapPoint 2006 and ESRI ArcGIS without a hitch.The power port has a "small" rubber plug that got lost quickly.
I use this the Garmin GPS 10 in combination with a Palm Tungsten T5 for car-navigation. The bluetooth interface works well. It sometimes takes a few minutes before the receiver can determine the GPS-position.
Search for Garmin Mobile 10...Do not waste your time with this product instead...The only pro. that product has over mobile 10 is the magnetic mount capability...
I've ordered about 20 of them.  This is the best bluetooth GPS receiver out there.  But I've had 4 or 5 of them just quit after a few uses.  Garmin grumbles but honors the warranty by completely replacing the unit.  GILware software is the best Windows based GPS navigation and mapping software and I use it in conjunction with these units; it is a great, easy to use setup.Update: I think I discovered the problem with the Garmin 10s...if you leave them on charge (they often only come with a vehicle charger) for substantially more than the two hours it takes to charge them they seem to burn up; this may be because they automatically turn on when on charge.  So, just be careful to only charge them for a couple of hours per session.
This GPS unit works great!. I gave 4 stars because it looks like an Europe modal, so you have to use an adapter(comes with it)every time to charge!. I had no problem using this for 8 hours without recharging, it worked great. I used MS-streets software(I think any standard GPS software will work with this). Overall, I am happy. I tried this unit with my laptop, ipaq H1945 and Dell X50. You may want to consider "HP iPAQ Bluetooth GPS Navigation System" if you do not have a software already. It is a similar system with software.
I bought this product because of recommendations that it will improve the performance of my GPS unit, but it wasn't that much of an improvement.  Fit and finish are okay though.
When I first received this antenna I used it with the devices built in antenna flipped open. I figured both antenna's working have got to be better than one. It seems though that when I closed the device's flip up antenna that it worked better. I still loose reception, but not as ofter as I did with the stand alone antenna that came with the Quest 2. For the price, I would recommend it.
The tinted windshield on my Mazda Protege shielded my Garmin C330. Under cloud cover or rain, it couldn't acquire satellites, although the Garmin C330 works fine in my Fiero.This antenna gives me good reception. It must be placed on the flat of the hood. With the 3' wire, I can't reach the roof. When on the slope of a fender, the antenna was useless. I wish I had clicked the 6 foot cord, because the 3 foot cord is almost too short, and limits where I can place antenna and the Garmin. But it works.The antenna is not easy to disconnect or connect to the Garmin, so the quick-disconnect windshield mount only is quick if you leave the antenna plugged in; another reason to get the longer antenna wire.Of course the magnet mount won't work for plastic-body cars like Fiero, Saturn, or Corvette.
Easy to use software..GPS Receiver quickly connects and aquires satellites..Great Value for the money..My only complaint is that inputting addresses is sometimes a little weird with how it prompts for cities on destinations.  Still, overall, I like the software and the hardware seems to work well.
I'm using this unit with an SD card (one Gb)to hold the uploaded maps from Canada TOPO, transferring the map data to the SD card while it is directly plugged into my PC's media port.  It loads in under 1 minute for a large section of Ontario---about 13 Mb, which is reasonable.  The ability to select different regions is quite easy and the satellite access is very fast after you have restarted the GPS for the first time.  I also have a Garmin USB 18 that directly plugs into my laptop and it is also quite nice, but is lacking in detail and often routes me off into loops repeatedly which if you are not watching will drive you crazy.  I think the feature content of the eXplorist 600 make it an excellent value, and I have used the Canada Topo program for some time now and it has worked consistently each time.  I hear a lot of other frustrated eXplorist users expressing concern about the unit and gettng someone in tech support to help them.  I think the first thing to do would be for the new eXplorist 600 owner to either load the full user guide in PDF from either the included PDF or use the Magellan web site.  Without doubt the eXplorist is very particular about how you go about each step of the process of uploading a new region to the unit---such as pulling a region out of the CD-based MAP and saving it to disk first.  This is a key step and if not followed correctly is guaranteed to frustrate the most adept user.
The only excuse I can think of for all of the poor reviews on this product is older versions of the Explorist and Mapsend software are full of bugs.  This is simply not the case with my unit.I purchased my Explorist 600 and Topo 3D about 4 months ago and haven't experienced any of the problems mentioned in past reviews.  My unit has never froze or got stuck on the "checking media..." screen.  While transfering Topo 3D map regions to the handheld, the extra 45 seconds it takes to use the Conversion Manager for the regions isn't ideal but it is very easy.The screen is very bright and clear and is an acceptible size for a GPS that is carried in your pocket or on your belt.  I even use it in the vehicle if I am the co-pilot.  I will agree that it wouldn't be safe to use while driving a vehicle though, they make large screened, voice command units for that.The base map has major roads and most cities on it and is fine for general geocaching and hiking but the Topo 3D program really boosts the potential of this unit.  The added minor roads, geological features, gas stations/restaurants/shopping, and, of course, topo info make this thing a valuable tool.  The compass works great and is very responsive.  The speed and weather tools work great and are accurate with my trucks info.  As long as I'm not next to a cliff or really tall buildings, the unit is accurate within 3-5 meters.I use a 1gig SD card with a direct PC port for the Topo 3D regions and it transfers very fast and never has a problem.  One of my small gripes is you have to remove the battery in order to access the SD card but this does keep the unit water proofed.  The waterproof USB connection is very nice, I've never seen one like it.  The controlls are easy to use once you get the hang of it.  The joystick works just fine for me.I have never heard a good review about the Tech support and hopefully I'll never have to use them.  Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase and glad I went with the color screen and SD capability.
I have the running version, and i do love it.  I agree that reading the displays can be difficult while running, but it's been a really nice toy for me.  GPS does take a couple minutes to sync sometimes, but usually that gives me enough time to stretch and walk up out of my condo complex's hill.  Doing laps/splits isn't that difficult, you just need to sit somewhere and fiddle with it for a bit.  Probably the best investment i have ever made for running; right up there with good shoes.  However, if you are not technically inclined, buying any gadget like this or similar with lots of bells and whistles is not recommended, as it is likely to confuse (co-worker is bringing her Garmin heart/ped tracker in tomorrow for me to fix) unless you have someone to help you with it.
The dearth of real Segways on the streets of America seems to spring from our native incredulity. With this Chariot you get not one head turn, you get a follow up asking, "Hey, I thought it had just two wheels!" You say, "Two wheels? How could I cruise a bumpy gutter here in Hoboken balancing on two wheels? Do I look like a Cirque de Solie acrobat on his day off!?"At one fourth the price you get two more wheels and all the peace of mind that represents!
I have owned three GPS receiver. Garmin 2720, holux 236 and Garmin ique m3.Well, garmin 2720 and ique m3 are not just receiver but their reception is nothing compared to holux 236.Always more accurate and faster reception.  (NY area)If you think about the price difference, this is pretty upsetting for garmin product owner.The only reason I give 4 stars, not five stars is that although it can pair with more than 1 PDA, sometimes it gives me trouble when the PDA that I wanted connect can't connect.
Great little device. Works as receiver OR transmitter BOTH.I really like this product.The description of this device does not do it justice.It is "bi-directional". It has both RCA in and out jacks on the back.The device will pair with BT A2DP stereo profile compatible headphones for listening.__OR__It can also be paired with a laptop or BT enabled MP3 player/cell phone to RECEIVE stereo audio streams to your home or car stereo system.I have tried both configurations and it works very well.This unit can be powered by a USB jack whether that be an PC, Cigarette lighter adapter or in-dash head unit.I purchased my from Radio Shack for $20.
Works as expected. It is small, stands upright with ease and is easy to operate. The only issue that I am experiencing is my Bluetooth RocketFish headset has to be linked almost every time I use it. Good for the price, no range issues, works great.
I received this item just a few days ago.  I recently bought a GE 99000 Bluetooth USB adapter at a near-giveaway price at Tuesday Morning ($12.00), so I just had to have something to use it with.  The Motorola DC800 Bluetooth receiver/transmitter was the cheapest thing I could find ($37.00 INCLUDING shipping) so I bought it through Amazon.  My intent was to use it to connect my laptop to my stereo receiver.  It arrived very quickly. It was a much smaller physical size than I thought it would be. Hookup was a snap, just plug it into the AC receptacle, hook up a pair of RCA cords from the Motorola DC800 output terminals to the input terminals of my stereo receiver, plug in the GE USB transmitter to my laptop, and it worked instantly - no other software was needed.  Sound quality is not the greatest, but is plenty good enough for my needs, as I will be using it mainly like a pair of plug-in computer speakers.  Don't get the wrong idea, music quality is not at all bad, but is not up to an audiophile's standards.  I haven't had any skipping or flutter, but my laptop is only about 20' from my stereo receiver.  In short, I'm very pleased with the Motorola DC800 and give it an unqualified recommendation based upon a few days' use experience.The Motorola DC800 will also act as a Bluetooth transmitter, and it has a pair of RCA input terminals. I have not tried that feature, and probably will not have any need for doing so.
Purchased this product to transmit from my tv to bluetooth headset. It was easy to set up, use and has been working great.
my purchase of vehicle suction mount w/ext speaker worked correct with my garmin quest 2 in my vehicle and delivery was quick and on time.
This suction cup mount is made differently from the original.  It has a bigger suction cup which makes it stick much better and longer.  It also has a swivel connector which gives the unit much more freedom of movement and position.  They did a good thing when they redesigned this part.  I am very pleased with it and would recommend it.
I have a pointer mix who loves, loves, loves to run after deer. He always finds his way back during one of our camping/hiking adventures within an hour or so of romping through the woods. At home he comes when called, but in the woods it is a whole new ballgame. The tracking device just gives me peace of mind.I don't recommend that you use this as some kind of "watch dog" for your dog. If your dog has problems escaping or doesn't come back when called, you should probably look to other solutions,  especially if you live in an urban area like I do.
[owner of siberian husky escape artist]I have had this product a few weeks.  I am still in the learning process of all the settings and getting it to work the way I want.  I am very happy with the unit.  Customer service has been wonderful.  I have received answers to my emailed questions within hours.If you are considering this unit and you have read the negative reviews you should know that 1) My unit has had no problems with quality or water resistance 2) If you thoroughly read the information on their website you will know that there is a monthly service fee.  I did not have to sign up for a 2-3 year plan. 3) You are not a bad pet parent if you get one of these units. You are getting extra peace of mind.A few comments to the other reviewers:To "Dog Lover" from Florida:  GlobalPetFinder must have taken some of your advice.  There is now a rubber seal around the battery opening and an optional neoprene-type holder.  My dog tromps through snow and the edges of a marshy pond.  We have not had a problem.To Melinda from Austin:  I had some difficulties getting my unit set up the way I wanted.  I actually had to set up two small fences to cover my yard.  The directions (perhaps online directions - I can't remember) said that the address for the unit may not actually match your address exactly.  For instance, my house number is 416 but on the unit it is 422.  After I understood that I was okay.  I highly recommend contacting customer service.  They helped me "tweak" some settings.To Meg in Cincinnati: I agree with you, people need to be responsible for their pets.  I always see stray dogs. I reunite strays pets with their families at least once a month.  Buying this unit does not automatically mean the purchaser is an irresponsible pet owner with no sense.Have you tried the unit?  Some people are responsible pet owners and their dogs just get out.  I have sense, but my dog only has dog-sense.  She loves to run.  My husband takes her running more than 20 miles a week.  He teaches her different ways to come home.  However, she still gets out on occasion.  Being that she is a siberian husky, once she is out she RUNS FAST.  There is no way to catch her.  This unit at least gives me some idea of where to go find her.***REVIEW UPDATE*** (4/24/2006)The unit does give an accurate location and is still the best product of its type available.  However, I don't always get a location as promptly as promised and the "low battery alert" doesn't work at all.  Have sent the unit back to the company twice and have simply been told it is working normally.
After reading some of the bad reviews I wasn't sure how good this product would be, but after setting it up and learning how to use the device I am very impressed! It takes a little while to get used to, but once I understood how it was working, it has been very useful
To begin with, let me just say that I'm glad I bought this. I live on the outskirts of Los Angeles, but HATE to drive there, and this is a wonderful tool to find my way around. Since others have written about how great this is, I'm going to focus on the things I don't like, but realize that the things I don't like are not good enough reasons not to buy this. This is definitely a wonderful tool worth having.Road updates aren't frequent enough. I live in an area with massive new housing construction, and there are streets that don't exist on my 800 that have been here for quite a few months. Unfortunately, a bunch of people I know live on those streets. The GPS didn't help me out for the last two addresses I input.If you turn the unit on while moving, it can take a really long time getting a GPS fix. It took almost 10 minutes to get a fix on the border of Glendale and Los Angeles in a clear area. So, in other words, don't turn it off when you're in the car. Let it keep your GPS location at all times.Sometimes the directions aren't logical based on road conditions. We have a cabin home up in the woods of Northern California. When I plotted the route from Southern to Northern California, the route we take was not an option using any of the options. Our normal route is based on road conditions and ease of driving. For example, we like to take the interstate and then take a state highway that has mild turns rather than hairpin turns. It's slightly longer our way, but this way we have only 6 miles of hairpin turns and the total driving time is much shorter. When I chose shortest time on the 800, it routed me along a state route with over 25 miles of hairpin turns. That certainly doesn't make for a short trip. The 800 doesn't consider the ease of driving the road. It only looks at distance and type of road. Therefore, if you are in a mountainous area, you may not get logical routes.The 800 doesn't show our cabin as a valid street address. Since the cabin has been there for 75 years, it's not because it's a new street! Therefore, I am guessing that really rural areas may not be as accurate as I'd like. Our cabin is on a private road. The 1/2 mile long private road comes up just fine- just not the proper street address.The unit doesn't auto correct very well when you have it out of the car. I've noticed that when I have it hooked up to the computer it will get a GPS signal just fine and then show really screwy ordinal directions. For example, the unit was facing due east and said it was facing southwest.None of these little quirks are bad enough to warrant a "no vote" for the 800, but they are annoying enough for me to give it 4 stars rather than 5.For normal city driving, I think most people would absolutely love this!
I had this this GPS for about a year and a half now. I do a lot of driving to client sites often with no planning and this GPS saved my but many times. The 1 issue I had with it was a few months ago the power connector inside started to come loose and I resoldered it myself. Also sometimes the GPS confuses which side of the street the final destination is on but it is because of the database magellan bought.
Great product, well made and sturdy... except the thing won't fit my 2000 excursion at all.  The base plate is not molded to fit under the passangers bucket seat.  I'm mean not even close.  So i installed it in my 2000 SuperDuty 4x4 Ford truck instead.  It did fit with a few 'whacks' with a hammer to make the base plate angles align.  Overall a good product and I would ceratinly purchase it again... if it fit.
I got this as a replacement charger for my Zire 72 Palm.  Works great.  No complaints.
I ngot this charger for my Garmin IQue Car Navigator.The original charger broke, and as I was shopping for a new one I found this one at a fraction of the price of a garmin replacement.It works well and I am happy with it.
After a year of searching for a charger that works for my Palm Zire 72, I finally found this one... Thank God it work...!!!
If you're a PDA super user, this product's for you.  The ability to see the screen while you're driving is a must for PDA map navigation programs (like Street Atlas.)  The power supply charges the PDA as you go, and the built-in speaker amplifies the sound better than the speaker in the PDA.Just don't get distracted while driving!
Good product.  It picks-up new coordinates at fairly small intervals.  Some of our users have reported a few occasions when they lost the signal from the satellite at locations you would not think would be obstructed (I am not sure if this was the hardware, Bluetooth connection, software they were using, or the location that caused the signal to drop).
I've had problems with different BT GPS receivers and decided to look into the CF and SD interface options. Reading the reviews on this product and shopping elsewhere, Amazon has failed to provide the manufacturer's compatibility list for this device. If your PDA isn't there, don't buy it. I can't say "buy it" if it is there. I've decided to update this review with the latest data from GlobalSat. Still, Buyer Beware and make sure you have updated drivers from them. Check your device and OS!Confirmed Compatibilty* Dell Axim X30 (Previously incompatible. Driver update?)* Dell Axim X50* Dell Axim X50V* Dell Axim X51V* HP iPAQ rz1710* HP iPAQ h1930* HP iPAQ h1940* HP iPAQ 1950* HP iPAQ rx1955* HP iPAQ 2200* HP IPAQ h2210* HP IPAQ hx2410* HP iPAQ 2750* HP IPAQ rx3115* HP iPAQ RX3715* HP iPAQ h3970* HP IPAQ h4150* HP IPAQ hx4700* HP IPAQ 5550* HP IPAQ 5555* HP iPAQ h6315* ETEN M500* ETEN M600* Mio 168* Fujitsu Siemens LOOX 610* Fujitsu Siemens LOOX 720* Asus MyPal 730* SPV M2000* Palm Treo 700 (AKA Treo 670)* Palm Treo 700w (Previously incompatible. Driver update?)* Samsung SCH-i730Devices listed above have been tested and proved to be compatible with SD-502.Compatible OS* WM5/6* Pocket PC 2002/2003* Win CE* Win CE .NET* WM2003(Note: I do NOT see Palm OS listed above.)Non-Compatible Devices:# Dell Axim X3/X30 Pocket PC (I left this here to show you how they were previously listed. They are now listed as "compatible." The only way that is possible is through a driver update you would need to download.)# HP iPAQ hw6515# Toshiba E800BT# Toshiba e400# Qtek S100# Qtek 9090# Audiovox 6600# HTC Universal PDA's ( Magician/ MDA Compact/ i-Mate JAM/ T-Mobile MDA Compact/ Qtek S100/ Qtek 9090 )# O2 XDA II Mini# O2 XDA Neo / Dopod 818
Deluo makes great products. And for this price you can't ask for more.The product is well built. It works 100% as described in the product description.The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of minor delay in locking all the satellites and lacking WAAS and SIRF features.
NP USA is adequate for the price but more colors would be helpful.Land vs. water is same color. You get used to it after a while but it could be a problem for the inexperienced or disoriented user.I used it for Lake Superior around the Keweenaw. Had just enough and accurate info for my use. Overall I am glad I purchased it. No regrets
I spent a few extra dollars after reading the reviews of other folks who had bought knock-offs. This is the original Garmin part - fits perfectly.
Good customer care from Garmin City!Initially my battery wasnt working, they picked up my complaint from Amazon and contacted me with advise to update my devise firmware and it worked!Yet to experience the battery life but believe its great!
My Garmin 20 for Motorola Q has forgotten how to talk as soon as I put the phone in the mount.  Otherwise I like it.  But this is a biggy.  I tried to get help on-line but the web page for that purpose crashed when I tried to send my message.
This thing works great with my AT&T; 8525.  It was a bit frustrating to get it going, but once I did, it was well worth the "trouble" (all I had to do was activate the SW online, not mentioned in the manual).  I thought the volume would be an issue after reading some reviews here, but it defaults to 40% and you have to adjust it to get it louder...I drove with it tonight in the rain with my radio on and window partly rolled down (I have rain guards) to keep my sushi cool and didn't have a problem hearing her over all of that.  I wish I could give it 4 1/2 stars, took one off only because the manual doesn't tell you exactly what to do to get it going, but it is not too too hard to figure out.  The other thing I'm not a fan of is there is no way to power it without being plugged into a car's cigarette lighter; this kind of sucks when you want to play around with it and test it in your home.  I ordered a "Thermaltake Xray A2021 5.25" Drive Bay Kit with Beverage Tray and Cigarette Lighter" so I can power it at my computer (was thinking of getting one anyway when I lost my home charger for my cell a while back, this gives me a new reason to get it).  Note that you can still use the Garmin SW on your phone to locate food stops and whatnot, so it is really not a big deal either.  Still, would be nice if there was a way to power it to where you could put it in your backpack (or purse) and walk around with it.  The hands-free feature works great.  It recognizes my voice commands with zero problem and nobody had a hard time hearing me and I heard them fine with the phone/Garmin approximately 3 feet from my face.In summary, it works great and is a great deal for the price Amazon is selling it for.  4 1/2 stars out of 5.
I bought this to replace a CoPilot Bluetooth GPS receiver that is suffering from a dying battery.  I intended to use it only with my Sprint PPC-6700 and the CoPilot software.  However, after owning this for a couple of days, I am changing my plans.This device is both a bluetooth hands-free device and a GPS receiver.  The speaker is loud.  I used it to make a call to Garmin customer service where I found that I was entitled to an upgrade to Garmin 2008 maps (the unit shipped with maps from 2006) free.  The Garmin software has tons of POI and the maps are adequate.  You also can use free service, Garmin Online to obtain real time traffic alerts.  Be warned that this service opens a data call on your phone, which unless you are on an unlimited plan could get expensive real fast (I didn't notice the open connection for over two hours).  The maps come on a 2GB mini (NB!) SD card with an SD adapter.  I don't like the Garmin interface as much as CoPilot, I find I really miss the test-to-speech capability.  However, at the current Amazon price, the software is just about free.The bonus feature that this thing has, which has pleased me so is that it also fits and pairs with the Nokia N800 Internet tablet.  It's a tight squeeze, but once in there it looks great and the free maps provided in the Nokia OS 2008 make a nice "add-on" GPS device.  In fact in a test, I had the Garmin paired with both my PPC-6700 running CoPilot and the N800 running its map program for over 6 hours without a hitch.  During the phone call I mentioned above the nice lady at Garmin customer service told me the Mobile 20 would only pair with one device at a time!  The unit comes with four "charging" adapters, but the included mini-USB won't charge my PPC-6700.  Neither will the enclosed "small" Nokia adapter fit my N800.  But the folks at Garmin are sending me the right one for free.The cons of this unit are the the mount is kind of on the small side and of course, there's no battery. Then there's the what do you do with it when you get to the mall question.  With an N800, my brick like PPC-6700 and now this I guess I'll have to think of something ("Charlie?  You're NOT wearing Cargo Pants."). One thing's for sure, I am NOT buying a murse.
I've only had it a couple of days, but so far it works great. And being able to map addresses from my contacts awesome :) I would have given it 5 stars, but I had to get my own maps (used a torrent, so no $ but lots of time) and I have to turn off my phone plug in the charger and then turn it back on to get it to charge (this may just be a bad cable though and I'm going to get another from garmin or amazon). I loaded the software from Garmin website (mobile XT,  support files and free base maps) and then got the maps to load, kind of glad I did it that way too. I have the 2009 maps and I can choose what states I want on my phone, so it isn't using up all my memory. You can use the POIs, garmin online, and the maps without the gps being connected, it just doesn't follow your position shows you as being at the last place it was connected. If I had wanted to buy the maps I could have used the 10% off you get from garmin when you register this to buy them.
I have a lot of experience with GPS from portable to panel mount aviation models. I have a Cingular (HTC) 8125 smartphone and the Garmin Mobile 20 works perfectly with it. I really think some of the negative reviews have more to do with phone being used. I have two Treos and they are in my desk due to various issues. The 8125 is far superior.I can't tell you how many car phone mounts I have purchased. Suction cup, friction dash, air vent and none of them are with a dime so I was a little concerned about even that aspect of the GPS 20. But Garmin has made a high quality holder/ charger / bluetooth hands free that is almost worth the $80 I paid for it not counting the GPS.The GPS is amazing. Easy to navigate and so much information like restaurants, shopping, parks, gas prices, and so much more. I was very impressed. Great value and I say buy it but there are a couple of things to keep in mind.It will only be as good as your Win Mobile phone. If it locks up now it will lock up later too. The screen on your phone is not always the best for bright light viewing. I find that my 8125 is acceptable but glare is an issue. The volume could be louder and the single button/ wheel is a little difficult to operate. It also has no battery so it must be in your car to operate. 4 of 5 stars for these minor issues but I consider it one of the best GPS values available.
This is a nice GPS to use with your PDA phone.Positive: Four devices in one, "a smart mount" which means that the GPS sensor is embaded in the mount also included are charging cables to charge the phone battery for long trips, the mount can also be used as a speakerphone for hands free calling. The other best feature that i like the FREE! Garmin online service as long as you get a data plan from your service provider. You get wheater, traffic, hotel, and gas price at your current location, This is awsome!! right? and the good thing about it, it's free!!Negative: The volume is too low when using the device as a speakerphone and the Garmin maps could me more up to date, when i am supposed to be their latest updated maps. other than that i would rate it with a five stars.
I really liked this product, it is easy to use, It have great sensibility even when stored inside the glove compartment, fast to connect to my nokia 5530.Only disadvantage it doesn't work as a hands free speaker, but because I don't need that feature I'm in peace with it.
This product works well except that sometimes it tends to sort of studder. This does get quite annoying at times. The ease of operation and the features are great, it tracks well and gets me where I want to go without many mistakes. This could be due to a lack of updates, but overall I am very pleased that I purchased this product.
Some of the problems I encountered were experienced by the other reviewers. Originally, it would not work in New York City but was just OK at home. My solution was to call Garmin support. The person I spoke with resolved all the issues over the phone in a through and professional manner. It works really well, in fact, much better than the Street Pilot I own and almost as well as the GPS in my car. I requested the free map update online -and it was delivered by USPS in about a week.This review, if rating only the Garmin support, would have been 5 stars.
Excelelent product, no problem acquiring signals, perfoms well even in city (NYC) areas. Paired quickly with Blackberry 8830.A great, cheap buy - no frills or thrills with this but a good solid service.
This product acquires a signal fairly quickly, usually under a minute.  The PC software that comes with the device leaves a lot to be desired, the driver seems to stop working after a period of time until the device and computer are rebooted, no mapping or similar software is included, only a testing utility which gives position to an accuracy of only tenths (i.e. "N27.1 W83.5").  The device is compatible with Google Earth and Netstumbler (and with much high accuracy than the included utility) but is not compatible with MS Streets & Trips 2009.  I have not yet found any software for my mobile phone (Motorola W490) that will allow me to put in the device's hardcoded pairing password so I haven't been able to pair it with my phone.  The USB port is for charging the battery only (not data) if anyone is wondering, a cheap USB bluetooth adapter acquired from Amazon works fine for data.  The device outputs NMEA data, though if the MS Streets incompatibility is any indication this is pre-NMEA2.0 data.  I gave this device a 4 because it will work for what I want to do with it, your mileage may vary.  Comes with 12-volt car and US electrical outlet adapters for charging.
I will say this device performs just as advertised. easy to connect to any Bluetooth device, very user friendly and provides very reliable position updates. WAAS enabled for very accurate mesurements. i would buy this one again!
Bought this to bluetooth tether to a Nokia/N800 running the free Maemo Mapper software. I've used this for driving and geocaching the last few months and can't imagine heading out on a trip to unfamiliar roads without it. I was a late adopter since "I can read a map."  Having an N800 without a GPS and manually following the map as a driving aid isn't worth the trouble. Get this GPS Receiver.Pros:- Accurate- L-Ion battery- simple to tether to Nokia N800 - zero driver install required- Excellent for drivingCons:- Can take a few minutes to initially find your current location if moving.- Weak connector to the physical tether - I lost this device while geocaching (it fell off the lanyard) and wasn't able to find it 15 minutes later.- Color is nice for subdued environments, but not good for finding the device on the ground in leaves. ;)- Not as accurate for Geocaching as I'd like. I've found it to be 50m off when others with garmin hiking units were almost exact. This issue could be software related and have nothing to do with this GPS unit at all.I'm back here ordering a replacement. That should say something, it works.
This case works fine as far as holding the heart monitor strap, the watch itself and the jump drive for my Garmin 405. It isn't what I was expecting but it does the job as far as protecting the items and it is much easier to find in my bag. Overall I am happy with it since it does what I wanted it to do.
Case is sturdy enough to protect the contents and there's plenty of room for the garmin forerunner 305 and chest strap. Too bad you have to store the chest strap with the ends curled over; otherwise the case would have to be several inches longer.
Definitely keeps it in one place. I carry one small bag to the gym and it's easy to grab it all without hunting around for all the pieces.
I bought this case to store my Garmin watch and heart rate monitor.  You have to carefully positon both pieces so you don't scratch the watch face.  Overall, it is a good case.
great for protecting your garmin and accessories. a ockward fit for chest monitor but a great buy.
I thought that the case would slightly bigger than my Garmin, but in fact it is much bigger. Not very handy to carry around.
I've been looking for a nice carrying case for my heart rate monitor, receiver and transmitter since my watch face always ends up getting scratched and/or my transmitter gets lost with all my other gear.  Unfortunately, the manufacturer (Polar) no longer makes one.  The Garmin is perfect for my needs with ample enough space to stow my cell phone and air holes to ensure drying of the products after a lengthy run, spin class or ice hockey game.  I'll probably be buying another one for my other monitors!
Case puts all the gadgets in one place.  Ideal for travel or storage at home or in your vehicle.  Maybe a little bulky in a small carry-on..
I purchased the Garmin case to use while travelling so that I could pack my 305 in my carry on and not a checked bag.  The added bonus is I can also fit my running sunglasses in the case as well and the case is sturdy enough that they won't be crushed.  It may help that my 305 has a velcro wrist band and not the rubber band that comes with the unit.  The charging unit and hear rate monitor go in a zippered pocket or checked bag as they all will not fit with the sunglasses in there.  Without the glasses, they all fit though just a bit cramped.All the previous reviews regarding the case are very accurate.  It's sturdy, ventilated, holds the device securely and is exactly what I wanted it for.  I don't think the case would work well as an everyday storage case for the gps, heart rate monitor and charging device.  It would all be too cramped.  I would (and did) pay $20 for the case but at $30 probably would not.
I struggled with getting this unit. I was going back between the Foretrex and the Forerunner. I am not a runner so a few of the features I do not need. The foreunner ends up being cheaper; the software is a bit different. You can switch it to a cycling mode which is perfect for cycling or walking, boating etc. I have found the unit to be light easy to read moving and consistant. I really want to read speed and distance and do some basic waypoint marking. It does this well and with out incident. I like that one screen is a custom one so you get to select three data sets to have there. With a bit of pratice you can get around this unit quickly and see the info you want. I have found it takes it about 5 minutes to get a signal under tree cover. It holds the signal well; I have yet to lose it. It comes with a strap expander which is a must if you want to wear it over clothing or above your wrist. The battery life is just about as they say, 12-15 hours. Being able to change the batteries was a selling point for me...hard to recharge in the bush. All-in-all a good basic unit.
I am training for a marathon and I needed a device to help me measure the distance I have run.  I wanted something plain and simple without too many beeps and whistles.  The Garmin 101 is perfect and has worked flawlessly.  If you are looking for a simple piece of equipment to measure time, pace and distance, look no further.
I purchased this unit to keep track of my daily walks and also on my hiking trips.  Overall, it is a good unit, but I knocked off a star because it has two drawbacks:1.  There is no USB port to download track data into my PC. However, with a two year track memory capacity, that is a minor inconvenience.2.  The receiver loses track of satellites easily under thick canopy tree cover, so it is not the best unit if you plan to do alot of hiking.I ended up purchasing the eTrex Vista HCx for my hiking trips, but continue to use the Forerunner for my daily walks in town. My advice is this: If your main reason for purchasing the Forerunner 101 is for street and city training, you can't lose.  However, if you are looking for a more backwoods unit, go with a higher end Forerunner or perhaps the eTrex, with the more sensative receiver.
I have used this for about 3 years for 2-3 cats.  I live in the country and in the peak of summer when everything is lush, I will admit the range is shortened.  But that is to be expected.  It at least gives me a chance to locate my cats. especially when I am calling and they choose to ignore me for the hunt.  It also throws me off when they are up a tree because it seems like you are getting a weird signal pattern but now that I know that I look for it.  I am willing to pay the price for the chance to find my critters and as I said it is better than nothing.  I can be in the house and just turn it on to see if my one boy has shown up in the yard after dark without going out repeatedly.  I just wish my one cat wouldn't lose his collar all the time because if I can't find it looking around I am out the locator since I have no idea how far he roams.  As I said I have used my handheld for 4 years and am about to replace it since I have dropped it more than once and it now has a loose battery cover.  I did read online that once a tag is registered with a handheld you can't register it with a new handheld.  So I will have to use two handhelds until all the pre-registered tags are lost.  I do recommend the protectant covers for putting the tags on the collar though - do not let them dangle.  I had problems with my one cat dunking hers in the water dish all the time.  The tag still works though now that I let it dry throughly and the new holders keep it on the back of their neck.
If you're looking for a inexpensive GPS as we were for the RV, you have found it - easy to follow and has some nice features.  1 hour battery life outside of the vehicle is nice if you need to walk around a city.Can't beat the price vs features when compared to the "big boys" of the GPS world.  If you do a "google search " - you'll get lots of platitudes for the product -
This screen does keep out the big stuff, some grass still goes through the screen and gets wrapped around the propeller. My location is in a tidal flow so grass will continue to be a problem. I didn't have a screen on my last ice eater and a plastic bag got sucked in and killed the motor. This screen does protect that from happening. The propeller is still getting nicks in it from the small stuff that gets through the screen.  I would not buy another ice eater without this screen. I only have this in the water a few weeks so I don't know how long it will hold up in salt water, time will tell.
Works well with my BlackBerry 8700c...has the new Sirus III chip...comes with connections for both 110 and 12 volts.  Works as advertised.
I bought this product so I could play with it, I have no real need to own it I just wanted to coordinate readings from my accelerometer with GPS data for fun. This turned out to be the perfect gadget!It was very easy to get it to work with Apple OS X. The device works as a serial port in the /dev folder and you can read the information easily. It outputs NMEA sentances which are very easy to parse.I'm not thrilled with the accuracy but it was very inexpensive and easy to use. Also it's VERY small and easy to just stick on the dashboard with some tape. It even came with a wall charger and a 12v automotive charger (both of which can be used to charge other devices that charge via a USB connection) but the battery lasts a long time and you won't need them too often.The device only charges via it's USB port, you can not read the NMEA sentences via the USB port.
The bracket purchased through Amazon was identical to the original supplied with the Street Pilot on purchase. A second one is needed if you intend to move the GPS unit from car to car, and it seems shortsighted by Garmin to not offer this accessory directly on their web site. Do they really think people will buy a second GPS unit simply because no second mounting bracket is available from them?The unit mounts easily, with metal tabs that can be bent to fit various dashboard configurations. Once mounted, it it a simple matter to slide the base of the Street Pilot unit into and out of the mount, where it locks securely. This is a VERY simple accessory but it serves its purpose.
Nice leather, works good, wish i could plug the power in and leave it in the pouch. Other than that perfect.
This little gadget has been very helpful lately. We moved to a new area and we have heavily relied on it's wisdom.  The only problem I have with it is the search feature.  It seems to take a long time pull up a list.  For example if you ask for nearby food options it takes a LONG time to compile said list.  But otherwise it's fab, and we're really glad we have it.
I recently purchased the Nuvi 200.  I had previously owned a TomTom GO 510, and then for a short time the Jensen NVX200 made by AudioVox (note: don't buy it.  Anything that you need to be reliable should not run on Windows CE.  I was driving to Philly from NYC - it told me to get off the TPKE get on the side streets, and then says signal lost!!!  Needless to say i returned it quickly).Anyway back to the Nuvi 200.  It doesnt offer all the extras of my old TomTom with the bluetooth, data services, traffic etc.  Also the screen isn't huge.  But what it does do well is navigate.  It finds numerous Satellites quickly and doesn't lose them easily like the TomTom.I never use the other services often, so wat i really need was a small navigator that worked well and thats what the Nuvi is.  I got it for $175 or so on Amazon and can't complain.  Only not worth 5 starts because it is missing the larger screen of the 200W and all other features mentioned.
Very good interface, good navigation, but it should give you chance to update the maps after you buy it, because most of them have maps from 2006, 2007 and just now they released maps 2009
I love my little GPS.  I have M.S. and drive from my wheelchair with hand controls.  So it is impossible to read directions while driving.  My GPS gets me where I need to go - SAFELY!  If you have ever driven in Atlanta traffic - you know that is no easy task!One of my daughters came over and worked me through it - 1 time - and it is so easy that I never leave home without it.
First of all, I purchased this from BestBuy.com Dec. 3, 2007 for $170. My unit came with the 2008 maps.Some things you need to be aware of before you buy this device.1. Don't expect the maps to be perfect, or the POI's (Points of Interest) to be up-to-date.  While the 2008 name is applied, many restaurants and stores that opened in early 2007 or prior were not available.2. The device does not have a magnetic compass, which matters for some people.3. The device has only 1 American English voice, and doesn't speak street names (only distances and directions to turn).4. The device does not display the elevation very easily.5. While you can add a destination and a waypoint, you can only have 1 waypoint, a significant limitation if you have multiple stops to make on your trip.All in all, the device is good and I will keep using it.
No need to fumble around with clumsy maps, or directions printed from the internet!  This little device will get you there with no fuss.  Beware that its not 100% fool-proof and it WILL rely on a human brain to intervene sometimes as it sends you down a less optimal route.  Nevertheless, this unit has LOADS of points of interest and a fairly accurate map.I can't remember life without this thing!  One downside is the need to constantly store the unit (and the suction mount) as theft is almost certain if you don't (holds true for any portable GPS unit these days).
If you want a product that meets the basic needs without question at an affordable price, this is it.
I bought this after being very happy with my father's Garmin StreetPilot i3. It's functionally the same thing only the Nuvi 200 has a refreshed interface, much larger screen, and uses the touchscreen for input instead of a clickwheel.Physically, the unit is perfect. It's very thin and has a large screen. There is only a power button and a touchscreen for input. Can't get much more simple than that. It has a very bright screen and the audio is plenty loud (I rarely turn it past 70%). It also has excellent satellite reception.The interface is very simple to use - even for complete technophobes like my father. Picking your destination, adding "via points", and getting phone numbers and addresses is all very simple.One thing I didn't like is the lack of a USB cable to connect to a computer. Fortunately my unit is completely up-to-date, but you'll have to purchase a standard USB camera style cable if you don't already have one to update the unit.Also, unfortunately, it's greatest strength (ease of use) also works against it for the technical elite. I'd like to see a little more customizability and advanced features if it could be done without complicating the interface in any way.  But that's a minor point.Overall I can highly recommend this unit. Especially if the user is only interested in navigating and finding points of interest (hotels, restaurants, etc.).
This is a great little gadget for just getting around a city you dont know too well or for giving you any sort of direction. though it doesnt tell you street names of where to turn, which i found would have been more helpful, but it is still great because the map has everything you need to know. i recommend it highly, it is very user friendly and works pretty slick. great buy.
On the scale of available GPS navigation systems, the Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 is a relatively modest machine with a small price tag and not a lot of the fancy new bells and whistles.  But for what you pay, you get a lot.  The core functionality (which is all I was interested in) works extremely well and makes this an invaluable tool whenever I am driving to someplace new.The touchscreen is perfectly adequate; it's neither too sensitive nor difficult to use.  Some of the menu navigation is a little non-intuitive (it is not always obvious which things on the map screen are "clickable"), but is reasonable once you get the hang of it.  Again, the features are basic, but do everything one would feasibly expect.This model does not speak the road names, so you'll have to read them off the screen.  Thankfully, I find the screen very easy to read in daylight and at night.  The device automatically adjusts the brightness and the background colors depending on which side of sunrise and sunset you are. This may seems like a minor feature but is actually very helpful.The speaking voice is very clear and distinct.  Even with the radio on, it's easy to make out the spoken directions.I have found the maps to be complete and the directions it gives to be reasonable.  There have been occasions when driving through an area which I already am familiar with when the device tells me to go a sub-optimal way.  However, it has never steered me completely wrong.  I find the directions to be completely comparable to the results I get from Google Maps, Yahoo Maps or MapQuest.Similar to my reaction to cell-phones several years back, a car GPS was something that I hadn't fully appreciated until I actually owned one.  Before I bought mine, I figured that it would merely be a helpful and occasionally handy tool.  Now I simply am unable to comprehend how I ever drove without one.  I've been house shopping recently, and the ability to simply have a list of addresses in the car with me instead of pages and pages of map and direction printouts reduces my stress-levels considerably.
After using the popular TomTom One for six months (and being completely satisfied with it) I decided to give the latest in Garmin technology a try.  Garmin's newest line of Nuvi's (the 200, 250, and 270) appears to be designed to combat the basic (and extremely popular) TomTom One, as they are designed with the utmost simplicity in mind.  Garmin has finally done away with all the bells and whistles of their past GPS models and stripped down their latest releases to the bare essentials.  But don't let the simplicity of the Nuvi 200 fool you, it still packs quite a punch.The first thing I noticed upon purchasing this product is it's size...very, very small.  The unit ways only 0.33 pounds (5.2 ounces) which I found very convenient.  Also the Garmin Nuvi 200's wallet sized dimensions, 3.8 x 2.8 x .8 inches (W x H x D) make for easy transport from car to pocket once you have reached your destination.. Because the Garmin Nuvi 200 doesn't come with a carrying case I found the unit's basic rectangular design very handy when searching for a protective case to envelop the unit when not in use.  Basically any small camera case at any department store will fit this GPS unit nicely.  I found one for $7.00, a real plus considering the unusual design of the TomTom One and it's customized $30.00 carrying case, consumers (of course) had to buy separately.The Garmin Nuvi 200 lacks the text-to-speech function of it's big brother, the Nuvi 350 and also has no MP3 technology (remember this is a basic unit).  However the unit has managed to shed the little flip-up antenna  that Garmin owners have been used to seeing on older models, such as the Nuvi 350.  Everything is now neatly packed away and internal giving the Nuvi 200 an even sleeker look.Enough about what the Nuvi lacks, on to what is has.  Although the unit is simple in design Garmin has managed to pack in a few extras for it's customers.  The Nuvi 200 has a JPEG picture viewer, a calculator, a currency converter,  a unit converter, and a world clock just in case your wondering what time it is in Tokyo.  Some users may use these features more than others, while others may find them plain redundant but hey...it's always nice to have extras.The battery life is excellent compared to the TomTom One's weak 2-hour expectancy.  The instruction manual brags it can last "up to 5 hours" so you won't have to scramble for the vehicle power cable as often as with other units.  The Nuvi 200's  3.5 inch screen (with  320x240 pixel count) is beautiful, bright and detailed  Very convenient for such a small unit.Of course I have to mention the high-sensitivity WAAS-enabled GPS receiver that  was able to locate it's position in under 30 seconds on it's first start up.  I've even managed to get satellite signals while indoors,  quite impressive.The only fault I could find with the unit was (surprisingly) it's maps.  Although Garmin uses NAVTEQ maps I found them very lacking compared to the TomTom (Tele Atlas) maps I'm used to.  The clich&eacute;d' argument is that because Garmin is a North American based company their maps for The United States should be more accurate then the European based Tele Atlas maps which TomTom uses.  This was quickly disproved by a simple drive around town.  There were some streets in my home town which have been completed for over 5 years that still aren't registered by the supplied  NAVTEQ maps the Nuvi 200 comes with.  I never had this problem with my TomTom One.The Garmin Nuvi 200 gets a well-deserved 4 stars.  Although it's maps are sometimes lacking they were always accurate and managed to get me home safely.  Garmin is a quality name in GPS and anyone looking for a simple yet powerful unit should give the Garmin Nuvi 200 a chance.Here is what comes in the box:-  The Nuvi 200 unit that comes preloaded with maps of the lower 48 states (plus Hawaii and Puerto Rico)-  Vehicle Suction Cup Mount (instead of sticking this mount to the windshield, I break tradition and mount the suction cup to the driver's side window down near the rearview mirror then just turn it towards me.  I find it is much easier to operate and it doesn't obstruct my view.)-  Vehicle Power Cable-  Dashboard Disc-  Set Up And Go Guide (not very detailed)
Got it, love it, now here is what I think and things that you can do.The screen is clear and you can adjust it.  The map is easy to read, the voice is nice and can be made British English if needed or for variety, amoung many other languages.  You can change the cars or download new ones, I like the 3d arrow online myself and for this product- garmin is offering a free map upgrade to a 2009 map just released, but you probably have to call garmin to have them walk your through the process, and with a cable modem it takes about 1-2 hours in all; a huge 2 gig file.  The unit recalculates moves on a dime and for about a pair of nice dress shoes, you can get a decent nav system, which to me is amazing.  There is a currency converter, weight measure measurment converter, calculator, picture view (only need the mini usb connector provided to transfer files like these), POI or point of interest to find places, that you can even type in the name of the place, you can search restaurants by cusine type, you can search for gas stations, shopping centers, and at night the screen changes to a night vision that you will have to adjust the brightness a little higher to see, and a very nice feature.  The speaker is loud and clear, very adubile.  You can set it up to calculate the trip by either shortes distance or shortest time, and there is always an estimated destination time or arrival posted, that changes with driving patterns and traffic...  You should read [...] review of the product, don't think you need the 200w as it is easy to read and loud and clear prompts...The consSometimes it takes awhile for the satellites to be recieved with trees or cloudy conditions, but you can move along and it will kick in in a minute or two.Sometimes, more with businesses that are not on the POI or points of interest, business address sometimes fail in location, like where is that FedEX shipping center anyhow, it took me to a bank, but usually 95% of the time, it works fine, home address have not failed on me yet.  It does not have an mp3 player in it, but I don't care, I have an xm radio unit to listen to while in transit.Overall, a lot of bang for your buck, but if taking a long trips, be sure to have some yahoo maps or mapqwest handy just in case, but 98% of the time it is on the nose...
We ordered this as "new" from Amazon. We were very disappointed that the box was a bit beat up and wasn't shrink-wrapped. I didn't seem like a brand-new product.Still, we decided to give it a chance and were pleasantly surprised that it worked quickl and easily. It's quite intuitive, so reading a manual isn't really necessary. We were up and rolling within 5 minutes - pretty great.The maps vary in accuracy. One time we came across the Bay Bridge in San Francisco (a $4 toll). Upon crossing the bridge, the GPS told us to turn right. We thought it was a shortcut to the 101 but the right took us back across the bridge. We had to pay the $4 toll a second time. Other than that it ran pretty smoothlyNear home, in upstate, NY the GPS screwed up several times, taking me down the wrong roads, telling me things that were on the left instead of the right and pretty much getting lost in the city of Kingston. Again, this only happened one day. I used it about 10 times and that was my only problem.So I'd give this unit a B If the maps were better it would be a B+ or A. Certainly I recommend it, especially because it finds obscure streets in tiny towns in back roads out in the boonies. It was also excellent in Los Angeles and Malibu. Like all machinery, you have to work with it... to read the map and follow signs despite what the system says.
This item is almost everything I wanted and expected. I have only had minor problems with some rerouting.  This is probably a user issue and not an issue with the device.
I got this nav unit for a quick road trip that I had to do on my own. Having used various TomTom and Garmin units on prior occasions, it was difficult for me to decide which was the better deal (Garmin 200 or TomTom 3rd Edition).I finally settled for Garmin and have not been disappointed.Pros1. Slim low profile unit.2. Achieves satellites locks quickly and retains it for the longest time within tunnels and bridges.3. Efficient routing.4. Extensive POI database (though quirky at times! It once sent me half a mile past walmart and said I was arriving at Walmart as I reached an open wooded area on my right...)5. Responsive Touch Screen. Though I do have issues with an alphabetic keypad for text entry. I am so used to the QWERTY that anything else is a hassle. By the way text entry is predictive (For example, you enter state as D-E- before you complete it Garmin Suggests Delaware)Cons1. 3.5" display might seem a little tiny.2. No text to speech functionality. The lady mumbles "Turn Right" "Turn Left". You have to see the screen to check the exact street name that you have to turn into. I guess you will fet that for Nuvi 260 if I am not mistaken.3. No Route Summary as text option. I love that option in TomTom. Its basically a list of directions with cumulative distances that looks like a Mapquest directions list. I find that good for planning your route when you want to avoid specific bridges or tunnels (with Garmin you have to thumb through each turn and it can get tedious).Bottom LineThis unit works for me! I have been on the road pretty often having to re-route and find new places all the time. I find this a very handy GPS unit. Recommended if you don't have a lot of dough to spare.
We ordered the Garmin nuvi 200 for our families and for ourselves. Our parents are somewhat technically challeged, and they've had no problem using this GPS after one quick tutorial. It gets you where you want to go, without added tools to confuse things. Everyone was thrilled with it and continues to tell us how great it is. I highly recommend this device to those who just need to know where they're going, without the added hoopla.
i'll never be lost again.  it is a great product to have with you when you hit the road. i'll never be without it.  you just have to have it.  the good thing is you don't have to spend a lot to get it.
I highly recommend the Garmin nuvi 200, especially for beginners.  I had very little previous experience with GPS systems before purchasing the Garmin.  It is easy to use, small enough to keep in a pocket or purse, and reasonably accurate. The first use was to find a wedding in another state.  Nuvi took us right to the door or the church.  She "recalculates" rather quickly if you take a wrong turn.  We have found a few times where the map may look a little inaccurate but we ultimately get to where we need to be.  The voice command is worth the extra money.
This is a perfect entry level GPS.The Screen is vivid even in the brightest conditions. The directions can be heard clearly at normal engine and radio levels.The 200 doesnt have "text to speech"; which means you'll hear "turn left in .4 miles" instead of "turn left on Canal Street in .4 miles" Not a big deal to most. Also the unit sometimes takes a minute to find satellites. If you can live with these nit picks then you will love this GPS!PROS: price, compact size, accurate directionsCONS: no "text to speech", doesn't come with case
I have had the nuvi 200 for about 3 months now, this is replacing a TomTom unit.The Nuvi is a basic GPS in that it will find a location and be ready for the next use. I have used this all over town and on several vacations and as an overall it has performed well.......With that said, there are several issues that I have found that although tolerable definitely leave some distaste with me. First off,* the POI are outdated and overly difficult to use, several locations we attempted to find or visit either were not correct locations or didn't exist at all. When looking for a destination, we needed to call information and manually type the location, and the Nuvi has no way to edit the POI's so its to the favorites.* Driving directions, I traveled on vacation to a city I had little familiarity with the Nuvi definitely got us to the town but underperformed in the actual location finding. Apparently a road was eliminated blocking the location from the map, this would have been acceptable except it was done over 10 years ago.* My biggest complaint pertaining to the above was the map tracking. SEVERAL times on the trip, the Nuvi would route us severely out of the way to destinations case in point; we were traveling to a beach location apparently 17 miles from our current beach location, the nuvi took us back to the highway, through a weird part of town, back on to the highway then back to the beach......this added 12 miles to a 17 miles trip. In addition, Nuvi will attempt a toll way trip anytime available.* This unit has no ability to use functions from your PC outside of updates.Bottom line, if you need a basic GPS the Nuvi is great. If you need functionality and performance this model isn't it. Do I think it was a bad purchase? No, for the size it does what I need but I definitely will consult a map prior to another trip using it.
The product is easy to use and has worked well since we got it. It is compact, which makes it easy to transfer from vehicle to vehicle, and yet its screen is large enough to be usable. The speech is clear and easy to follow. We have grown to depend on it, and now wonder how we got by without it. No more printing of directions from the Internet - now we just type in the address and go. I recommend it.
This is a good, cheap GPS with a nice battery pack in it that runs wirelessly for quite a while.  Once I drove about 8 hours before it shut off due to running out of power.  The stupid thing is that it never asks for the cable, it just shuts off.  Hilarious.maps are fairly good but the verbal directions are often bizarre "stay left then turn right" when in actuality it means for you to stay right and take the second right or whatever.  Traveling through Chicago is tough since they are constantly changing the roads right now and this confused the heck out of the GPS.Gary, Indiana, cesspool that it is, has closed the i65/i90 hookup for a while now.  This brand new GPS doesn't seem to get that and could not figure out how to get me pointed at Indianapolis, instead sending me on a hair raising journey through downtown Gary.  Blech.  These last two are MAP problems, not GPS problems, so I doubt it would matter how much I spent on the thing.Other than that it works fairly nicely most of the time, better than depending on yahoo maps before a trip or my iphone maps which don't work all that well at speed.  It works about as well as my dads 8 year old $[...] GPS by the same company, and it's less than half the size.  There are a few features that might be "nice" but not enough to pay for.  It's a damn good unit for the relatively little money, by a name brand.  My complaints above are kinda trivial in light of the technology.
The Garmin Nuvi 200 is a great value in GPS. It does everything you realy need a GPS to do. Recalculations , if you miss a turn are very fast. Verbal directions are clear and thorough as in "Turn left , then stay right". The expensive On-Star in my car isn't anywhere near as quick, clear, or flexible. The only downside we have found on the Nuvi is that it lists many businesses that are no longer in business. Also, the battery does not run the unit as long as advertised, but we generally have it plugged in all the time anyway.
For those interested my Nuvi 200 was delivered 22 July 08 with the latest 08 maps.  While I obtained the Nuvi 200 [...] it was sent from Amazon. The catch was that I apply for a Discover card and make at least one purchase (any amount). My purchase after I received the card was on 14 June 08 I received the Nuvi 200 22 July 08 which was one day after it was sent from Amazon. Not really an issue with me as I was in no hurry.I find the Nuvi 200 has the same capabilities as my Nuvi 350 with the exception of the lack of the text to speech feature and a couple others of no interest to me that require additional equipment.  Even though the 08 maps are probably the latest Garmin has available they are less than accurate in some cases, this of course is no fault of the instrument itself.Full satelitte lockon has never taken more than 1 minute but I'm sure that varies with location.  I've never had occasion to use the POI feature so I have no comments concerning that.  Everything else is as advertised.In general I'm well pleased with the Nuvi 200. My gripe is with the lack of documentation supplied. Included is only a 15 page set up and go pamphlet that describes the very basic operation and there is no additional info available on Garmin's website. The unit itself does contain some additional instructions but unless one is very intuitive and can play around with the unit long enough it can be frustratng trying to figure out the many features.  Quite a contrast to the very detailed instruction manual supplied with the Garmin GPS 12 that I purchased some years ago.There are two 15 minute videos available via Utube at sciuridae.co.uk that provide excellent instruction on use of the nuvi series 200 nuvis.
Just a basic device, pretty reliable, no fancy functions. It doesn't have the function to direct you to the nearest restaurant or hotel, which I think are useful.
Nice unit.  One small problem : It didn't come with a charger for first-time use.  Unless you are going to drive 5-staight hours when you install it, you have to go out and buy a charger.
I got the nuvi200 at a good price along with free Amazon Prime 2-day shipping. It's worked well for me with reasonable satellite access speeds. It's easy to view when placed on the dashboard (got the Garmin dashboard friction mount) and you also have clear voice instructions. Good entry level GPS, especially at the Amazon price that I got.
Why spend for the bells and whistles when all you want is a map, and some simple directions? This unit does it and does it for a great price. If you really NEED all the extras, spend your money. But this great device will get you to your destination, with more of your money in your pocket.
No bells and whistles to get in the way here. Keeping it simple often means being less confusing, which can be very important when trying to find your way or prevent losing it.
I would recommend this GPS to anyone who wants a good, basic, solid performer.  No bells and whistles on this model. But it does get you to your destination if you input the correct info.
Oh Baby, I fell in love with my Nuvi 200 as soon as I started using it.  It's super easy to set up and use right out of the box and it has only a few minor glitches.It assumes clear roads, so it can't learn to route me around schools at dismissal time for example (it would be great if I could teach me Nuvi to avoid certain routes).  I've also had a few glitches entering the names of towns.  Overall, though, I have total faith in my Nuvi and it's yet to get me lost.So why did I trade up after only one month?  As I was playing with my new Christmas present, our family decided to take a trip to Canada.  My new Nuvi 200 doesn't have maps of Canada loaded.  I love driving with my Nuvi so much I wouldn't consider driving to Canada without it.  Garmin will sell me the maps for some crazy amount (over $100).  The Garmin Nuvi 250 turns out to be exactly the same as the Nuvi 200, but it has maps of Canada already loaded and I was able to sell my Nuvi 200 for a good price.  If you might end up driving out of the lower 48, think about stepping up to the Nuvi 250 now.
Works great and some times it shows wrong addresses specially points if interest like restaurants. points of interests needs to be updated. No Canada maps. even in clear sky sometime its difficult to find signal. Over all satisfactory results.
This is my first gps. I got it for a very good price. It's works really well and gives good directions. Only problem I have is that it's not current. It doesn't show directions to areas that are more than a year old.
great product for price, does everything you need if you just want directions, no fancy add ons, does what you need for a great price
I borrowed a basin tom tom a few months ago and thought owning my own gps was a good idea.  I found this one on aale at Sams Club so bought it.  First of all there is a free map update available on Garmin.com so the comments about maps being out of date are misleading.  It took 4 hrs to download but Garmin support helped me with some problems.  Compared to other entry level gps devices here are the pros and cons.I like that this unit has a pedestrian and a bicycle mode.  Very handy when walking in a new city.On the points of interest it locates the next highway rest stop which I use quite a lot on unfamiliar roads.I drove in brand new areas where the roads had just been put in and it knew where I was.I like it a lot more than the tom tom I borrowed.On the down side, I'm not happy there is no maps for Canada, and to obtain them its almost as much as what I paid.  If I had known the difference I would have gotten the text to speech feature as its way handier to hear turn left at main street, vs in 400' turn left.  The next step up also has free gps real time traffic which when driving in a new city is very helpful to give you an alternate route around a traffic jam.I'm very happy with this as since I got it at a cheap price its a very good deal.  If I was buying it at near retail I'd spring for the next model up with text to speech and traffic, but for most of us this one works very well.
Used this for a couple months and a few thousand miles of driving.  It works as well as any other cheap GPS.  I like the search function much better the one the on my old TomTom one.  The only downside is that it won't use a generic car charger and that it won't display your current speed while navigating.  Over all, a good product for the price.
This GPS was really simple to setup and to use. The only problem that we have is that the whole subdivision where we live is on maps at least 35 years ago. I don't know where they get their maps sometimes but over 35 years ago, the roads were different where we live and that's how this GPS has them. Our road was a more recent addition so it isn't even on the GPS. Luckily we can figure out how to get out of the subdivision on our own but its just aggravating that its wrong. Some of the names in our city have been changed a few years ago and they have the old names on the Garmin instead of the new ones.But I really like that if you are somewhere you can find places to eat and shop. When you are on the interstate, sometimes the best places to stop are a little further down the road and you wouldn't know without the Garmin or a book like The Next Exit which we still carry because we have a diesel truck and we need to know who has diesel and not just where the gas stations are. The Garmin doesn't give detailed information about places, just a list of them and addresses. And of course the directions to them. If you travel along interstates alot (we are RVers so we do) I recommend that book very highly to go along with your GPS.Information for people that may not have used a GPS system before and be familiar with is that you do need to know the exact address to a place to receive accurate directions. Sometimes we may just know the street name and not the exact address and you can run into problems finding it still. That seems like common sense but so many times you don't know the address and that's when you want to use this thing because you don't know where you are going. But we have found the turn by turn directions pretty accurate.Overall, good system for the price.
I have used it since taking it from the box for business and pleasure. No problems at all.
I've had my Nuvi 200 for a month and used it for a rare trip to a large city. My spouse doesn't drive in cities but was forced to on this trip as I was unable. I changed navigation settings to exclude Highways and the route calculated was precisely how I would have driven there. Life saver.
If you're not looking to spend a lot of money on a GPS unit and you just want the basics this will perform well for you.My first trip with this unit was a 550 mile drive from the Carolinas to Pennsylvania.  I jumped in the car in the morning plugged in the address and away I went.  It calculated the route within a reasonable amount of time and only lost the satellite signal when going through tunnels.  There was one point in the trip when the unit went crazy "recalculating" over and over.  Apparently, this unit ships with some out-of-date maps.Overall though, it's a solid buy for the money providing basic GPS functionality.
it does it's job most of the time.  takes about 5 minutes average to find satelite when first hooking it up everytime, and just has some issues with places not existing in it's data and some roads being in the wrong spots...
I wanted to buy a GPS only for navigation, I didn't wanted MP3 player, traffic and weather updates, since they cost you monthly subscrptions. This is the BEST BEST you can get for the money! I would recommend it to anyone that doesn't want to spend a lot of cash and feel a need to have a GPS.
Good product. the only con is when it try to found it's location, it gets a little crazy sometimes.
If you're like me, bad in directions, need a gps to get around but nothing too fancy, then the nuvi 200 is for you..It has all the features a basic gps should have..pros: easy to use, nice interface, background color changes during day/night to allow better visibility of screen, latest 2008 map, fast recalculation,cons: slow startup at times (takes time to find satellite), often gets confused and can't tell the difference when you're taking the interstate, or  the road just beside it..
generally works well,though when I put a detailed address, it directed me to a building across the street from the address I typed
This is a good basic GPS. Dont expect awesome features. Plain simple navigation with good accuracy and good POI database w/phone numbers are really cool.
This Nuvi is the bare bones of the Garmin collection,it's a great starter GPS. But if your into downloading new icons and music or other stuff into it, forget about it. But it does show your pictures and thats about it when it comes to extras(No traffic). For the money you cant beat the accuracy,it will get you to your destination.
My Garmin Etrex died after 8 years so I bought the Nuvi 200 to use both in the car and for Geocaching--love it.
At the time when I purchased the Nuvi200 had already returned a Mio and two Megellans looking for a decent GPS unit. The Nuvi200 is a keeper. My only problem with this and most difficult to understand is WHY WHY WHY they couldn't have taken the extra step and make a allowances for categories. I guess they think that your entire database of special stops and personal points of interest can all be shoved into one category called - Favorites. I'm amazed to find that the only one making allowances for this was one called a Mio that you couldn't hardly see or hear and was the reason for taking it back or I would still have it, even over this Nuvi200, it even had better maps. The Mio was only $179 and you would think for twice that price Garmin could have made allowance in design for extra custom categories that users could make. They have this thing where custom POI can be developed and inserted but this not what I'm talking about.
I've found out after purchase that my Garmin Nuvi 200 has 2007 maps -- it was not advertised that way.  Also, I can't charge it and use it at the same time, so can only drive 6 hours on one charge.  Tried to contact Garman and they're only open M-F, 9-5 -- and in order to download new maps I have to have a separate USB cable to attach to my computer!!!  Not to mention the $75 for new maps!!!However, when charged, it got me all the way to New Hampshire and back without a hitch!!!Be careful who you order it from!!!
This entry level Navigation system was purchased at best buy during black Friday sale, I actually went in to buy a tomtom one LE but ended up buying this as the Tomtom was a doorbuster deal and It was too late for me to jump on that. Every navigation out thee has a pros and cons and this is no different from the rest. There has been only one destination that this GPS couldn't locate so far , it's a bank that's been there for a while now. Satelite detection is quick on this unit. At some points it confuses itself by displaying exit ramp and freeway as one road, even if you didn't take the exit ramp, it guides you as if you did.Route recalculation is prompt, sound is amazingly loud and undistorted, display is bright and crisp. Overall, considering the money shelled out on this, I am satisfied.
Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 3.5-Inch Portable GPS NavigatorThis is probably the best GPS Navigator for the budget minded user.  The only drawback would be updating the maps but that would go for any GPS Navigation devise.  I would not recommend the mount to windshield that comes with the unit as over time, it will fall off and the glue is not easy to removed from the windshield.  Garmin does make a free standing mount that is weighted so it can be used on any dashboard.  The cost is around $40.  My one big complaint that sometimes the voice that tell you to turn may tell you too soon or two late if the desired turn is within a hundred feet of another street, ramp, or intersection.
Good, basic GPS.  Took it on a trip out of state and got us right where we wanted to go each time.  It helps to know the street addresses ahead of time, but it's not mandatory.  I would buy it again if I had it to do over.
What can I say? I've owned two Garmin eTrex receivers and my new nuvi is every bit as versatile and dependable as they. In fact, more so, since it also tells me where and when to turn, albeit I wish the American woman didn't sound quite so officious. The Brit is much easier to listen to, but what the hell. The only real complaint I have is, why the devil isn't the USB patch cord included? I mean, we DO have to download and install new maps about every year, right? This smacks of the old days with computers - everything came with it ... except the cables. Garmin can do better than that, can't they? This said, I highly recommend this device to anyone. In fact, I like it even better than I would an in-dash - I can take this one out of my Jeep and use it with my wife's car, too. Who can complain about that?
This is one of the simplest models from Garmin but nevertheless does the job well. I bought this needing a cheap but reliable GPS. Every once in a while, the accuracy is only slightly off. I have missed a few turns that way, but seeing that I bought this one for about $40, that does not bother me in the least. It happens so seldom anyway. The interface is simple. It does not say street names, which to me is not important anyway. I think that for the price, you simply can't go better.
This unit is easy to use, with a large easy to read and "punch" interface. Turned it on and was ready to go out of the box. I don't leave it in the car, I prefer taking it with me when I leave the car for work or home, and its easy taking it with me back and forth.I drive around Orange County and the only problem I've run into are toll highways, I have to avoid those even when the GPS doesn't. But it recalculates when I need it too, very quickly. It doesn't say street names but I haven't found that necessary, I just read the screen for the street name if I need to. Very happy, just what I wanted!
I will not go into the device specs, etc. since I am short on time; and that information can be acquired elsewhere.I bought this thing a few weeks ago in preparation for a trip to NY.  I chose it over a TomTom and a Magellan, that had similar features and were within the same price range.The nuvi200 is not bad (though not spectacular either) considering the $150+ price tag (less $25 combined w/ Amazon rewards I recently received).The device is small, compact, light and does not look like it came from a Mattel factory in China.  The battery life of the nuvi200 is average and in my experience, somewhere between 4-4.5 hrs if you keep it on constantly running solely on battery.  It also comes with the handy car kit which does what it's supposed to do.As for functionality, I was not completely satisfied for the following reasons:1. POIs are lacking and outdated (even after update).2. It takes a significant amount of time for the device to perform a manually entered search for a POI.3. Some of the route calculations are impractical.  A number of times, the nuvi200 has taken me through the longest routes possible instead of plotting a simple, more efficient course to get to a destination.4. I also discovered that there is a difference with the nuvi200's satellite reception if the device is plugged in or you are running on battery power.As I mentioned earlier, I bought the nuvi200 for a trip to NY.  The nuvi200 got me to my destination without any complications, however, it did not use the most practical route and took me the longer way than the one I would have taken.  Once I arrived in NY, I intended to use the nuvi200 to navigate me on foot (there is a pedestrian and bicycle mode), so I could find different restaurants and subway stations.  Unfortunately, the device did not work at all in the city.  It seems that when the nuvi200 runs on battery power, the satellite reception is weaker or almost non-existent if you are in an area surrounded by large buildings.  I tried using the device in pedestrian mode for 3 days and was not able to pick-up a signal even once.  What really bothers me is that the nuvi200 could not even pick-up satellite reception while I was at the Seaport Pier.  That made no sense to me at all considering that the area is relatively open and unobstructed.  I discovered that the only way to get it to work in NY city on foot would be a) go home to my sister's apartment and go up to the 6th floor and b) plug the nuvi200 in the car lighter socket.Luckily, I do not live in NY and the nuvi200 seems to work most of the time in my area.With regard to the SD card slot, I have no use for it since I do not believe in using my GPS as a convergence device.  It does what it's supposed to do without the need for an SD card.A neat function that the nuvi200 has, is the capability to add additional POIs from external sources for free.  All you need is an Internet connection, a USB cable and a computer.  By searching the Internet for nuvi200 POIs, you will be able to find some neat stuff like free POIs for restaurants, state parks, red light camera locations, etc.  You will also find that Garmin and other companies out there offer additional POIs that you may purchase and load into your device.  I was able to acquire (for free) a POI for red light cameras for the entire US.  This feature comes in pretty handy, especially since I live around the DC area where there are cameras almost literally at every corner.  Once you load the red light camera POIs into your nuvi200, the system will give you a warning beep and display a message which informs the driver that there is red light camera up ahead.If you decide to purchase this device, I would recommend going to the Garmin website to acquire the free map updates (one-time only) and other cool free stuff such as a huge selection of vehicle icons that you may use for your GPS.Overall, I think that the nuvi200 is a good buy and would recommend it for people who are on a slim budget.  However, if you have the money to splurge anyway and are looking for more features in a GPS (s/a text-to-speech, longer battery life, or bluetooth), then I would go for a higher-end model nuvi.For more information on the different models and features of the different kinds of nuvis, you may refer to the chart in the Amazon description of the product.  It will more or less give you a breakdown of what you need to know.
It is my first GPS and up to now I am very satisfied with it. Good product at a good price.
After enjoying my 2 year old Garmin 330 very much I decided to get a Nuvi 200 for it's shirtpocket portability and that it would have the newest maps.Immediately I noticed that it gave wrong directions quite often. I phoned Garmin who determined that it had a mysterious software load that they really could not explain so this was replaced with their help with the correct one.They also said I qualified for the new 2009 map update and downloading this has been difficult.The new maps are about a 6 hour download to my computer and then to the Garmin. After 2 attempts at this,without success,I will be on the phone  with Garmin again.Other comments:unit does not come with either a USB cable(the 330 had one)nor an AC charger which is really necessary with a portable unit like the 200. The speaker is of poor quality compared to the 330's 2 speakers.The mounting bracket is much inferior to the 330 in that the 330's power cord went into the bracket and never had to be removed when dismounting the unit to avoid theft when parking the car. The 330 simply snapped out of the bracket. The 200's power cord fits directly into the unit so each time you park the car the power cord has to be pulled out of the unit.Once I get everything sorted out I think this unit will perform well
Just bought this product and was extremely satisfied that Garmin provides a free 2009 map update for this product. Just connect your GPS to your computer, go to my.garmin.com and register your product. You will receive both a software and map update for your Garmin Nuvi 200.
the garmin nuvi works very well. sometimes it has the address on the wrong side of the street but that is a minor problem. it does not always know the best route but will get you to the address, very helpful if you are in a strange place.my job requires me to make appox. 15 to 20 stops in a day and the nuvi has helped greatly. i do not see a need for it to announce the name of the street, announcing the turn is quite enough.a zip code feature would be a nice addition.i am very happy with it and have purchased an additional two for christmas presents.
The Garmin Nuvi 200 is a perfect GPS device to use when traveling locally or on vacation.  It is of real benefit when you travel for a living and need a GPS to throw in your briefcase or carry-on to use with a rental car.  It is very accurate.  Having used Garmin for many years in an airplane I was familiar with their ease of use but this personal device puts what I have been using for years to shame with its simple to use touch screen.  Two problems I have had with the unit are related to a recently reconstructed highway intersection when the unit tried to get me to turn one block too early when obviously the previous highway had been removed and only a dirt road remained and when trying to find an address in a new subdivision it dropped me off the map into "nowhere" because the roads were so new they were not in the unit.  If this is the only two problems I encounter then I have one of the most useful personal GPS for the money you can buy.  I can see where at some point for the unit to remain of benefit I must update the maps.  A small price to pay for the benefit I have received to date.
Pretty good value, and versatile too.Pro's include:-Car, bicycle and pedestrian modes-Offroad mode, good for hiking or 4X4 trails-Address or coordinates for those of us who venture off the paved roads-Very small, big screen-Easy to useNegatives:-Does not say street names-Have found some small roads not in the system - way out of town-Occasionally it gets confused in tight city streets...recalculates often because it thinks you got off track
First let me say if you are used to an installed satellite system, you may be a little disappointed with the size of the screen.  There is no getting around the fact that this screen seems tiny compared to factory installed systems.  However, the small size helps to make it very portable, and easy to fit in a shirt pocket or even mount on your bike (which is what I plan to do using the optional handlebar mount.)  So far the maps and directions have been spot on for me.  This is an excellent entry-level system and a great portable GPS.
The Garmin Nuvi 200 is a great basic unit. It is easy to get started and easy to use. It could be improved by having a few more options , but I guess that is where the more advanced units come in. I compared it to a TomTom and the Nuvi 200 is just a better buy.
I bought this for Christas as an entry level GPS,  and so far it has worked pretty well.  It is very easy to use and it provides clear instructions with appropriate anticipation.  I have, however, had a couple of situations in which I have been unable to find places that I know for a fact exist, but that has more to do with the software than the product itself.  Overall, I think this is a great entry level device.  Some of the features are unnecessary in my opinion - currency exchange, for example - but the device does what I paid for it to do - get me to places.
Satisfied with how the Nuvi 200 works.  Has saved me a lot of time by just entering address and having GPS plan the route for me.  No longer need to print out countless maps.  Pleased with price and product.
I bought the Nuvi at a great price at Amazon ($134.00 & free shipping), so I didn't expect top of the line features or performance.  I must say that I am very pleased with the unit.The only disappointment was the need to purchase and download the City Navigator program for Mexican cities.  I had hoped that this would be included, since the product had been advertised as a "Nuvi 200 Mexico".  After several tries with extremely long waits (25 min)--I finally got to talk to a real person on their support line.  He explained that my unit has Mexican highways, but for city navigating,  I would have to purchase the additional City Navigator program for $49.95The preinstalled highway maps are not at all helpful, since they refer to highway numbers which are rarely indicated with signage.  And of course, once you enter a city of any size, you need specific instructions to thread your way through the disorder-- and lack of signage-- to continue on the highway you want for your particular destination.  This was completely lacking until I did the City Navigator download.Other small details:  the unit does not distinguish one-way streets, and can route you heading the wrong way on a one-way street.  When doing a search for a city with a long name, such as San Miguel de Allende (21 letters and spaces) you have to type in more than 15 letters before the unit kicks in, and provides the name.  I cannot understand why the recognition does not come sooner on such a long name if it is a repeated city search.There are many hidden features which are helpful and fun that I am still becoming familiar with.  Overall this is a great entry-level product, and I am enjoying it very much.
Awesome product at an awesome price. Works well, looks good, long battery life, very portable.
I am very happy with this GPS. It has very nice screen I means it has very bright screen with very big road line and dard color so wherever poeple sit in the car they can see clear direction even on the back seat.And more than that it has a loud voice direction comparing with others GPs in the market. The navigation of this GPs is normal as the others good GPS, nothing special about garmin in this field. But concerning about screen and voice and navigation ability, this unit can beat all remaining. I love this one and recommend for who are looking for GPS, Frys.com is now sale it with very low price, let get it .
This is a good GPS device for people on a budget.  It has the basic functions of most automotive GPS devices: point-to-point directions, voice directions (minus street names), "points of interest" (nearby stores, restaurants, schools, etc.), and estimated time of arrival.  The one thing I like about this device is that if you miss a turn, it recalculates your path and gives you a new set of instructions to get where you're going.  Also, it counts down (on the display) how many miles or feet before your next turn, so you don't have to guess how far away 200ft is.Overall, the closest thing I can liken a lower-end GPS system like the Nuvi 200 to is having constant and instant access to Mapquest or Google Maps at the palm of your hands, wherever you go.  If there's anything negative I could say, it's that every once in a while some of the directions are a little convoluted (in a similar fashion to Mapquest or Google Maps).If you're looking for something a little fancier (eg. bluetooth, real-time traffic info, voice directions that actually speak street names), then you'll need an extra $400-$500 to spend on a better model.
The Nuvi 200 was purchased as a Christmas present for my wife.  She said she didn't want a GPS unit with all of the bells and whistles, just a good basic unit.I chose the Nuvi 200 based on reviews I had read at various web sites.This was a good choice.  Even though this is at the bottom of Garmin's product line, it has so many functions that I did not expect.We have used it on a few trips, taking it to destinations and on routes we new well.  This gave us a good indication of how accurate it is and whether the device would take us on the same routes we would normally take.We took one trip where we took a route that was not the shortest in distance but one that would save us time by avoiding potential traffic around a shopping mall.  For the first ten minutes of the trip it tried a half dozen times to direct us back onto the short route it had calculated originally.  After we had deviated from the shortest route far enough, it recalculated the route and and arrival time.  After 140 miles, we arrived one minute earlier than the original recalculated arrival time.  One the return leg of the same trip we took the shortest distance route.  One hundred thirty miles later, we pulled into our driveway precisely at the predicted time.So far, so good with this unit.  This summer, 2008, we are planning a trip from Boston to Utah.  Much of this trip will be unfamiliar territory so it will be a welcome companion.
I got a great deal on this garmin and I love it. Could not be more pleased.
I do not know much about GPS systems or the different types/brands. But the Garmin works well...The only small problem is that it takes awhile to pick up the satellite once you turn it on. So if you were driving and decided to turn it on because you were lost it may take a few minutes to pick up your location.
My son has one of these and he really likes it and uses it all the time to guide him to various work places as he is a musician.I was so impressed with his Garmin GPS that I ordered one from Amazon.It has  a nice voice tone, more than one.  It is especially helpful in finding shopping places, restaurants etc in the area where one happens to be.Joann
The Garmin nuvi 200 is great for navigation purposes.  The interface is simple and straightfoward.  Even my parents were able to figure it out.  I was impressed by how many points of interest it had and the detail and coverage of the maps that came with the unit.If you need something to help you get around town and don't need an MP3 player and fancy stuff like that this it the unit for you.  This unit might not be good for hiking.  It only allows for a maximum of two waypoints and will not remember a path of where you've been.
I found the Garmin Nuvi 200 to be exactly as advertised. This GPS unit is easy to use,and has everything that is nessasary for a great entry level GPS.I recomend this product to any one who finds some electronic devises to be confuseing. The price of a refurbished one makes this a real deal. We got this GPS as a back up to our DeLorme Earthmate LT-20 laptop GPS, but have decided to use that as a back up and keep the Garmin as our main one in our motorhome,the plus is that it is very mobil and can quickly find your destination. Other reviews criticise a few more seconds of time that they say it takes to find the Satelites, but at this price I don't find that to be a problem I have more time than money. I would recomendGarmin n&uuml;vi 200 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Navigatorthis to my friends.
I wanted to wait a little while before I wrote my review for this product. It is now about 2 months after I bought the Garmin and I wanted to share my experiences with it.The Positives:-Very Simple-Easy to Use-Long Battery Life-Clear and Loud Directions stated (the british voice is sexier than american)-Great display (easy to view on Sunny Days)-Phone Numbers to the Location-Touch and Save Location for Easy Backtracking/relocation. (ie: if you're driving by an outlook in the mountains that you really like simply touch the vehicle icon on the screen and press "YES" to save coordinates. Name the Location and that location will be saved in your Favorites)The Downsides:-Not for Truckers/RVs..etc. !!! This Unit only has three options: Automobile, Bicycle or Pedestrian. I was guided off a main highway onto a backroad because it was quicker. However, I soon found myself going underneath of a small country tunnel that was no more than 12 feet high (if that). A Semi or RV would NOT have fit through there, and no warning was giving about the upcoming low clearance on the Garmin.(*There are other devices that allow the person to select "Truck/Trailor/RV..etc" so that they do not guide you under small tunnels. This model however is not one of them)-Random Errors: While in Kansas City MO, I ran a search for Pottery and found a local business by the Name "Personalized Pottery" on Flint Street. I pressed Go, and off we went. However when we "Arrived at our destination" we were on 27th street in a Residential Neighborhood. We later found the pottery place out of luck by driving by a shopping Center over 2 miles away.Another Error I found was when I typed in my friend's address in Waynesboro Va. Her address was not on the Garmin. We were giving the option of House Number 726 and 782. Her's was 734. Very odd....they had lived there for nearly 20 years.A third Error I had was in the same town when I searched a Dominos. It stated it was 0.5mi from my location, but when I Arrived, there was no Domino's in Sight. The good thing was though, Garmin had the Number to the Dominos so we called and got directions. Once again, the place was far away. This time closer to 5 miles.-Non-specific Commands: If you come to an intersection that has a sharp turn to the right and a slight veer to the right, the Garmin will Simple say "Turn Right". However, you do not know which Right to take, and often times it is the slight Veer to the Right. I wish it said "Veer Right" instead of "Turn Right", but the Garmin always was able to get me back to where I needed to be.I know I've said alot of negatives about My New Garmin, but don't get me wrong, I absolutely LOVE IT!! Just keep in mind that it is a Navigational Tool, but not necessarily a guide. You're still the one with the Brain, so use it! The Garmin will spout off several commands very quickly and at first you may 'freak out' a bit and rush into something. Listen to the commands. If she says turn in 0.3 miles.... Take a quick second to look at what road, and then look for that ahead. Try not to get "robotic" and do what she says whenever she says it. Also, if you're going too fast and she commands you to Turn right- Don't slam on your Breaks to make the turn.....keep going, search for a place to turn around or wait for the Garmin to Recalculate.I have used my Garmin in MT, SD,IA,IN,WV, VA,NC,MO,KS, Washington DC and CA including Los Angeles and San Francisco.FOR ANYONE GOING TO A MAJOR CITY INVEST IN A GARMIN!! IT MAY JUST SAVE YOUR LIFE! For anyone who has driven in LA, you know Exits come Very quickly, one right after the other; trying to use a paper map could be lethal at speeds between 55-80mph. Bite the bullet and buy a Garmin, or if you're renting a car, Invest in renting one for the week. I promise you, it is one of the best investments I ever made.I also bought one for my best friend who just moved to Florida and he's loving it.One Last Tip. While I was in San Francisco, I left my car in one of many many parking garages. I knew I would lose track of where i left it, so I saved the coordinates to my Favorites. After finishing my business for the day I put my Garmin in Pedestrian Mode and it guided me back to my Car. The catch is that I forgot to take it out of Pedestrian Mode and when I entered an address back in LA it took FOREVER to calculate the trip. (this was because it was calculating the fastest route by foot). It finally told me to turn left, but it was a One way street. I would have caused an accident. I passed by the street and the Garmin recalculated, again and again. I thought it was broken because it was taking about 2-3 minutes to recalculate a route when usually it takes the Garmin about 4 seconds. Finally I remembered that I had it in Pedestrian, so I changed the option to Automobile, "STOPPED" the trip and then hit the address in LA again and off I went no problem. I say all that to say don't make the same mistake I made. If you're Garmin is running slow, check the settings. Also if there is no Arrival time, chances are you have it in Pedestrian Mode.Well this Appraisal has been VERY long, but I wanted it to be thorough. I know $200-$300 is a lot to spend on a device, but just think about all the arguments you will avoid with your friend or significant other when you're tired and it's 2 in the morning, and think about the gas money you'll save on getting lost and turned around, and guys just think- you'll never have to ask for directions again...well unless you're looking for the Domino's Pizza in Waynesboro.Good Luck- and Safe Traveling! 80)-jP
I purchased the nuvi 200 just before setting out a 3,300 mile trip across the U.S. Having safely driven from Portland, Oregon to Washington DC I can safely say that this is an incredible device.Pros:The screen is very nice and can be viewed from a wider angle than many other gps units that I looked at. The touch screen is responsive and usually interprets my prods correctly. The unit itself usually connects to satellites in anywhere from 30 seconds to three minutes (in DC it can be difficult to get a signal until I get away from my apartment). The maps are highly accurate, although that doesn't always mean it will select the right route. The points of interests are excellent, I can't tell you how many times I used this thing to find gas stations and lodging. It automatically changes brightness when you get into dusk. It usually gives ample warning. The directions are generally very clear. The size is definitely a pro, I have no problem dropping this into a pocket.Cons:Don't get me wrong, I really love my nuvi, but during my trip there were a few experiences that I have a hard time forgiving it for. For instance, during my trip there was a detour of sorts because of a forest fire (it wasn't really a detour because the guy at the roadblock basically said turn around or take the county service road which he couldn't suggest that I do). Anyway, during the next ten miles it kept trying to get me to turn onto roads that looked that they had been made by loggers 15 years ago (you could just barely make out a faint trace of a road). Then it took me 10 miles over dirt roads, which was fine because it turns out that that was the correct path. HOWEVER!!! it then turned me onto another dirt road that ultimately lead to a locked gate with no way of turning around so I got to back up for a quarter mile!!! It turns out that instead of turning I should have gone straight for another quarter mile and that would have put me back onto pavement and lead the the highway. It also went a little crazy when I got into Chicago, it kept listing me on the wrong roads and suggesting that I turn the wrong way into one way traffic!!!To sum it up, I don't know how I would have completed the trip without my Nuvi. True, there were a few bad experiences, but those were only a few hours out of a two week trip. The only feature that I wish it had, and I don't even know if this exists, is the ability to to tell you which lane you should be in. Not that it doesn't say keep right or keep left, but on a four lane highway keep right doesn't always help when there are two lanes exiting right.
Overall, I think the product works very well. In a couple of instances there are mistakes in the database.1. There are 2 entries - Fisherman's Landing Road in Brewester, MA and Fisherman's Landing in Brewester, MA. The directions are the same for both entries when there are two different roads.2. It tried to have us turn onto a road that dead ended at a bridge that was not for cars.
good for this price. Garmin has a problem every time charge it goes to the data model by it self
Has just the features I need.  Very good at directions.  I wish it had capability to avoid toll roads, construction, traffic, etc.  Sometimes takes a while to catch a satellite when I'm surrounded by big buildings.  Good otherwise.
I got this on the spur of the moment in preparation for a driving vacation.It was convenient to be able to look up the location for my bank in Pahrump, Nevada, choose from a list of restaurants categorized by type of food, find each of the motels I would be staying at, or just getting directions to a location in Southern California.The built-in features such a odometer, estimated arrival time, "favorite locations" etc are all handy. You can add one waypoint detour on your way to a destinationIt comes with a car charger that plugs into the back, and will run for about 5 hours on batteries. I don't use the clip-on dashboard stand, but instead just have the unit on the passenger seat.It is possible to upgrade or add maps and points-of-interest via an SD card.You can buy something fancier with traffic reports, etc, but this unit makes a great travel aid.
This is my extended family's 5th nuvi 200.  We like the simplicity of the model and the low profile compared to the original boxy designs from a few years ago.  A zip code input option would be nice, but it's worth not having to get such a good price on a quality Garmin unit.
I got this one cause it was inexpensive and it was a new design.  I also liked the idea of the dashboard mount that you can get for it. It wasn't  easy but i was able to figure out how to go online and update both the software and the maps. Garmin allowed me to do both for free. Couldn't find any custom vehicles I liked better than the ones that came with it but big deal. Yesterday I was in a part of downtown that had been developed about a year ago and the Nuvi got lost. But i just drove a couple of blocks and it figured itself out. Also it doesn't seem to understand U turns and if you need to turn around it has you do something more complicated. but you can swing a U-E and it will recalculate and give you new directions. There are dozens of ways to go to work from my house and it picked one that wasn't the shortest. Strangely it picked another way for me to get home. And that one wasn't the shortest either.  So i'm not sure how it figures out routes.  I haven't used any other brands so I can't compare it to other products but I'm very happy with this one.
It may not out perform you in areas you're familiar with, but who actually need a GPS in this case anyway. With less than 200 dollars you get a pocket size GPS with a bright touch screen and 6 million Points of Interests. Next thing I do: start driving.
This is a very good GPS. User friendly interface. The interest points helped me find the stores i like, and you can just search the shop name. The system also let's you save useful locations, such as your home, office etc. And the auto switch to night view is also practical. One down side is that some times (especially on the freeway)it gives directions too late. But i think this is common amongst most GPS.
I had gotten a Garmin GPS and loved it. Unfortunately it was stolen out of my glove compartment, but I had come to depend on it so much that I immediately ordered another one. I have a bad sense of direction and the Garmin GPS ensures that I am going where I intend to go. The price is affordable, and it is easy to use.  I learned not to  leave it in my car when I am not using it. It is great for people like me who are always getting lost.
Purchased for my son for the Holidays....he loves it.  The price was right and the shipping fast.  Would buy again.
I suggest to the Amazon customers to buy this producte. It is friedly to use and the price is amazing.Bye
Hi, if you need only routing capability (no off road track log, saved routes) this is by far one of the best ans simple GPS in the market.4 of 5 stars: It does'n come with power adapter for home/office it is doesn't come with case.
I absolutely love this item.  I ordered my Garmin Nuvi 2000 around 6 mths ago from amazon.  They had it by far for the cheapest price.  I use my Garmin 11 hours a day for work and it works great.  The only problem I have had was, every now and then it says the address is on the right when in fact its on the left.This is also a great product for the technology challenged people in the world.  My mom can barely use a cell phone, and was able to use this product with minimal to no help.  Its fool proof and well worth the money.
Garmin n&uuml;vi 350 3.5-Inch Portable GPS NavigatorThis is a very good product easy to use, install, and view. I am somewhat disappointed as I was lead to believe the product would give verbal instructions with the street names included. This model does not, its verbal commands tell you when turns are coming and the distance before you turn. It  displays the street name at the top of the screen. It would be nice if they came in voice options also such as a male or female voice . Ours is a female thus we named her, "Gloria Garmin"!
I received this product sooner than promised, like always with amazon.  The product itself is very small and very lite.  The newest maps available were included on this unit.  I have had no trouble with this unit thus far and I am very pleased with the product.  I will mention that, compared to the nuvi 350, some features are lacking, as expected with the lower 200 unit.  Two mentionable features lacking are reading of street names, which is no problem to me, but also the fact the unit does not give a warning beep when approaching your next intersection, instead it will tell you "turn left" when you are feet from the turn.  For amazon's price, this unit is hard to beat, in my opinion.
This product is very good and easy to use. Right out the box you are ready to go. I would recomMend it highly. I also like the added features. If it lacks one thing it would be the advanve trip play out or mybe I just didn't find it yet. Great buy! Mike from New City
I had this for a few days then took it back to get a tom tom with the canada maps pre loaded This is the only reason garmin is really a generation ahead of Tomtom The us only map is quite a draw back to the buisness traveler if you don't go to canada or mexico I recomend this unit and have several times to friends and family.
This is a very nice GPS unit.  I have no problem with reception.  Battery lasts a very long time.  No it doesn't play MP3's, FM radio, or anything like that.  Your radio does that.  Don't waist you money on different units that do things that you don't need them too. My only mild complaint would be that it tell you when to turn buy doesn't speak the name of the road.  I was used to this with Garmin mobile on my cell.
Works like a charm. Extreemly simple to operate. I purchase it for my girlfriend who is a realtor. She never gets lost looking for address. I bought the 360 and the 200 does the exact same thing except for bluetooth capabilities. I highly recommend the any Garmin Nuvi. You really can't go wrong.
This is the basic Garmin Automotive GPS and it works well. The preloaded map is the latest that Garmin has (2009). I discovered a disconcerting problem when I asked the GPS for the nearest hospital from my home. It came back with the correct hospital but calculated the distance as the crow flies (about 1.5 miles) rather the driving distance (about 8 miles).Garmin is phasing out the 200 Nuvi. There is an updated version (205 Nuvi) that has more features and costs less than the 200 Nuvi unless you get a good deal as I did.BTW, Garmin doesn't bother to tell you that a standard mini 5-pin USB cable (like the one that you use for a digital camera) will charge the battery when plugged into you computer.  Since it comes with a cigarette-light adapter, you don't really need to buy a 110 volt charger.January 04, 2009 followup: GPSMagazine recently published a comparison of Nuvi200 and the Nuvi205 WWW.gpsmagazine.com/2008/12/garmin_nuvi_200_vs_205.php .  I bought my 200 Nuvi from WalMart.com  less than a month ago (for less than $100).  I apparently have some crossover model which has most but not all of the features of the 205 Nuvi.  It has a microSD, not a regular SD slot which means that you may have to purchase another card to use the expanded memory.  From the GPSMagazine article, I have found that all of the display features of my 200 Nuvi are the same as the 205 Nuvi (not the 200 Nuvi illustrated in the article) except for the address page which does not give route information as doe the 205 Nuvi.  Apparently my 200 Nuvi does not have other enhancements of the 205 Nuvi such as FM Traffic Compatibility, Photo Navigation, Digital Elevation and a few others.  I am still very satisfied with my Nuvi 200.
I got this as a christmas gift and have used it plenty. I have used other GPS devices (Magellan / Tom Tom) and used the streetpilot series and in my opinion the Nuvi is a superior product.I've taken the nuvi on several vacations, and this has performed very well in getting me to and from different locations and finding local services. (restaurant, gas, etc...) For most business locations it even provides the phone number.I own a Garmin eTrex (handheld) mostly for outdoor use (Hiking and Geocaching) but still found the Nuvi to perform just as well in pedestrian mode and it fits in a shirt pocket.I know some people will complain about not having the most up to date map and getting charged to upgrade but how much do streets really change?In a big city with some major renovation projects possibly but even a map two years old is still going to get you to the general area of where you want to be, you do have to use some of your own street smarts no matter how current the map or software is. They come out with a new road atlas every year, I'm pretty sure we all got by without having the most current copy.If you are going to take this to walk around I would suggest getting a decent case for it. SPECK makes a nice one that allows full use of the product.This is the basic model pick a model higher up if you want more whisles and bells, it you want solid GPS performance this is a bargain for 150.00I did purchase the Eastern european SD card for an upcoming trip to IRL so I may change my opinion on the performance but if it performs half as well as it has here in the US then I doubt I'll have any complaints
IT WORKS LIKE A CHARM! EVEN MY WIFE KNOWS HOW TO GET AROUND IT IN NO TIME AT ALL . She hates maps. I had a nuvi 350, extras I didn't need.($350)and flip-up antenna a nuience.The 200 has most of the same features and no external antenna  ,but the price for updates is way to high !!($70) No updates for me.  WAKE UP GARMIN!!!
Seems like a good little unit for the price ,but really dissapointed that it wasn't updated to a 2008 map, i bought it in 2008 i guess it is just a ploy to get you to spend more money to upgrade to the same year you bought it.
I received my Nuvi 200 last week.  If you register your unit with Garmin online you can download the 2009 maps for free.  I had to go out and buy a mini- USB cable to do this.  It took five hours to download the maps but after that the installation was easy.  I've been making simulated trips from the comfort of my recliner, kinda like taking a trip and never leaving the farm.
I'm really glad Garmin offers this GPS only model and cuts out all the other junk I would never use.  I've had it for a month now and really can appreciate it.  My model had the latest maps installed, and it was nice to find Garmin now supports Mac computers with their update software.I tested it out on a couple of my normal routes, and while it doesn't have every back-alley and short-cut in it's database, it would get you where you are going, even if it's the long way around.  It's actually found a quicker route for me on a trip I was regularly taking. I also love how you could tell it to not use highways or tollroads, and stick to normal city streets only.It's points-of-interest database is very up to date, and very extensive.  I was surprised to see a lot of my neighbor's running small businesses out of their house and show up on the map.  All that info packed in there!I knocked it down one point because the first thing you have to do when you get this is run out and buy the carrying case for $30 at Bestbuy, why couldn't they include it in the pack?  If that was included I would have given it 5 stars for sure.I also bought the in-house charger AC power cord, but I find I don't use it as the Nuvi is able to get a charge when I hook it up to my Mac's USB port, so you could probably skip that.In Summary - Highly Recommended!
I love this GPS. I did extensive research prior to purchasing one and am happy with my choice. The only problem I have had is that I lost satellite reception for about an hour and had to call a friend to help me figure out where to go. I haven't called Garmin to find out why that happened but in the future I will have the back up Mapquest or Google Map with me.
Unit works very well.  I was a little put out with errors at first use but it soon made corrections the next time i went to the same location.  The area was probably off in data input from maps. Anyway, the fact that it can modify itself is fantastic. I would say this was a very good deal!
The Garmin Nuvi 200 is simple and easy to use, mainly because it has few settings and does not do much beyond the basics. All commands are entered via large "buttons" on the touch screen. The screen is big and bright, yet the Nuvi is small and light enough to fit in a shirt pocket.Using the Nuvi 200 is easy: you simply enter your destination by street address and go. You can easily save a list of favorites by name for future use. The GPS tells you when to turn, but does not speak the actual street name (not necessarily a disadvantage).The user has little control over the route taken because you can set only one waypoint. This means that you could not plan a trip taking in several historic sites, for example. "What if" planning is difficult because all trips start where you actually are at the time, meaning you could not try out possible routes between distant locations. Projected distances and drive times are available only when a trip is underway, making advance planning difficult - though there is a work-around. What's more, projected drive times do not allow for stops, underestimating the time for long trips. In fairness, this is a simple, low price unit, so don't expect too many advanced features.The worst feature is the automobile power adapter. It's so big and heavy that it keeps coming out of the cigarette lighter socket on my car! Fortunately the battery life is good, so you don't need the power cord for normal driving, but for long trips: yes. I solved the problem by buying a socket extension cord with a better plug at Wal-Mart.Pros:simple and easy to usewell-designed user interfacelarge, clear, informative screensmall and compactCons:not well-suited for trip planningonly one waypoint allowedpoorly-designed power adapternot possible to edit a saved location except by clearing all saved locationsI subtracted one point for lack of flexibility and the power adapter, but over all, the Nuvi 200 is easy to use and it tells you how to get from here to there.
I am very happy with this product.  I have named "her" GYPSY because she's such a great traveler.  Sometimes her voice is annoying but otherwise I have no complaints!  I don't hesitate to go to new places now.  Great little invention!
I'm very happy with the nuvi 200.  I was fully prepared to buy one with more frills - and a much bigger price tag - until my cousin got the nuvi 200 for Christmas, and I realized it had all I needed.  I just needed something to help me navigate Los Angeles, my new home.  The nuvi 200 definitely does the job.  I thought I needed spoken street names, but it really seems unnecessary to me - the street you need to turn on is prominently displayed on the screen, and your eyes gravitate there anyway when a turn is coming up.  I'm really happy with the clear display screen and the points of interest.  The only minor drawbacks are that sometimes it seems like it takes a bit for the satellite to pick up (though usually less than 60 seconds - maybe I'm too impatient) and that the keyboard is alphabetical, not QWERTY.  Overall, great product, great value.
GPS is decent; however it has some good features like points of interest and intersection look up. I live in NYC and use it a lot to find places but just get intersections instead of addresses. The directions are sometimes a little strange and take you some odd ways. Also when you use the address function it doesn't really get you to the house it's supposed to get to but somewhat close. It gets me to the block and then I look for the house number. Also the points of interest don't have a lot of destinations in it. I haven't connected it to my computer to check for updates but should soon.Other then that the GPS is a good budget GPS if you are looking for something to get you place to place even long distance trips. I went from Long Island to Cape Cod and had no problems along the way. I would recommend this for a gift to someone or just to get if you want a nice slim very useful GPS. If you want something to know exactly where you're going and find every place you're looking for I wouldn't recommend it for that.
In a nutshell:- Easy to use right out of the box.- Touch screen is a blessing. The thumbwheel on the StreetPilots was fine, but the touch screen on these Nuvi's is much faster.- Even this entry-level unit has a great database of points of interest.- Excellent volume. Very loud.- Very compact. Very portable.- If you have vision issues, opt for a model with a larger screen.- It would be nice if they supplied a carrying case. You might want to purchase a small, hard-cover case for it.-
I like it overall, but sometimes it takes it a while to find a store, for example.
This little GPS navigator has saved our bacon more times than once.  The only complaint I have is that I don't like to have to pay to update the maps.  The newer Garmin's often come with lifetime free map updates and with the Nuvi 200 that I bought, you have to pay each time you want to update the mapsets.
My first purchase for this affordable navagation system and I love it. Small screen and easy to use and easy to view. I like the colors and no glare. Doesn't block too much windshield. No bells and whistles but just right for my use. I recommend it. Downloads from my computer to the devise take forever but still worth it.
The Garmin works just great but if you know you want to travel on interstate highways, you have to ignore the Garmin directing you to an alternate route.  It is most helpful when you are in a city or area where you really need directions then it will take you to the address or location very well.  Glad we got it.
The Gamin Nuvi 200 is fine for all my GPS needs. I can't imagine paying twice the price for the minor upgrade options... The 200 will find attractions and stores...I enter the address and it tells me how to get there. Simple.Once it took me to the totally wrong back woods cabin... but I was in the back woods... it can't know every dirt road in the Poconos...Totally worth the price.
We took our Garmin GPS on a road trip of over two thousand miles.  We found it extremely helpful in guiding us to our different destinations.  We were able to locate, restaurants, libraries, hotels, museums and other points of interest without having to study a map or endlessly stopping to ask directions.  I'm sure it saved us hours of time and much frustration.The only problem I see on the horizon is that it will become outdated.  My model is current as of July of 2007.  We have already found a few places where roads have been altered and where the GPS became confused.  It would be helpful if the manufacturer included information about how, if possible, to update the system.
Replaced my non working Nuvi with this same model but this one is used.  Couldn't believe how low the price was and how fast it got to me!
The screen is much easier to see than my previous Street Pilot GPS. The only glitch I have noticed so far is that on two occasions the unit has dropped satellite reception (not due to obstructions.) It was then necessary to stop the car and reacquire the satellites. Other than those two occasions, I am happy with the performance of the unit.
I got a Nuvi 200R. The low price made it a great gadget to keep in my car at all times without losing sleep over the prospect of theft. And all I needed was something to get me around once in a while, or remind me when to turn because I tend to miss when I'm talking to people. Anyway, the Nuvi really does the basic job well. It's interface is brain-dead simple and always finds the address I'm looking for very fast. It tends to guess things for you and generally gets them right. Menus are intuitive and accessible. It's small size makes it easy to store but you can use the included mounting bracket if you wish.The down side is what you'd expect, everything it does not do. It's hard to navigate between close and far views. The + and - buttons are there but that's it and it takes a while to move in and out. The default is the "you are here" closeup route, so it's hard to get a view of the entire trip up front. No switching between view modes either. The speaker is too loud and I can't find any option to lower the volume so I put in my cup holder and close the lid, but then I have to open to see the screen. Changes like least time vs. shortest route are settable only in the tools menu so you have to set it up prior. Re-routing happens when you miss a turn but you can't choose an alternate route at an arbitrary point, or even at the beginning.You get the picture - great price but don't expect too much in the bells and whistles department.
I have owned Garmin and Magellen GPS devices and I find that the Garmin are more accurate and have a much better POS database. I find that it holds its signal very well, even in NY with all those skyscrapers. The only thing that I do not like about the Garmin is that it sometimes takes a little while to aquire the satelites. Overall, I really like the Garmin and I even think the 200 is a little better then the 350.
I have a builtin unit in my 2004 Acura MDX, I must say this unit is superior to the built in one. The points of interest are better, the unit is at least as easy if not easier to use. The only draw back is that upcoming streets are not announced but that is no big thing, it is more than I expected for under $200. I strongly recommend this unit, if looking for something without all the bells and whistles.
First off I really like my NUVI200 by Garmin. It has gotten me to where I needed to be. My only con, and it is more my problem then the units is the touch screen is too small for my fingers. I have big hands and I would sometime hit a button wrong but i have fixed this by takeing one of my kid's DS styless and use it on the screen. Works well. MY problem is with Amazons "free" shipping. It took almost 2 weeks to get my item. I was not in a hurry but it was sent in such a roundabout way that i will never use it again. I live in New Jersey and the item was sent from Las Vegas distribution center rather then one on the east coast. Then trucked to southern Cali before shipping across the country. My GPS needed a GPS.
Garmin n&uuml;vi 200 Pocket Vehicle GPS Navigator with maps for Continental U.S., Hawaii, and Puerto RicoI purchased the Nuvi about a month ago, and overall am quite pleased with it.  Setup to find a destination is quite straight forward.  Where I found some fault with it is the routing it gives.  In one case it misses the best route by one block and takes you through residential neighborhoods with stop signs every block as opposed to the best route one block south that is multilaned with traffic lights at the major intersections and no stop signs.Also, at one location it asked me to make an illegal left turn instead of a more direct route.  I took the better route, and it 'recalculated'One weekend we headed for Walt Disney World, and notified me a hundred feet too late to make a right turn, but it did get me back to where I wanted to go... after 'recalculating'...It's all I expected it to be, and if I'm on a trip to terra incognita, I'll definitely have it with me.
Just bought my garmin 200. Has all the features you really need from a GPS. Does nto have text to speech which would be nice but you can read clearly the name of the street on the Garmin. Speaker is loud screen is beaituful. Very fast at picking up coordinates. A great deal.
I must say that this is new to me. Road maps and internet directions have gotten me this far. I have a good sense of direction but the Garmin nuvi is outstanding! I used it to get to a golf course that I have never been to before. Got me straight to the clubhouse. The smaller streets that are not loaded is fine with me, I just need the main roads.
This is a backup and portable unit for me. It does not have all of the bells & whistles of the more pricey units ,but does a very fine job for a unit in this price range.
I was definitely torn between the two models, the Nuvi 200 and the TomTom 3rd Edition. And the LE was added to the mix with the Black Friday sales and deals. In the end, I really narrowed it down to the Nuvi and TomTom 3rd Edition. It's my first GPS and I really wanted three functions: good navigation, a strong battery life, and good POI database. If you're looking for a GPS no more than 150, take the TomTom. However, if you can ease your way into 175-200, the Nuvi 200 is the better model.I usually have my phone or satellite radio plugged into the car adaptor, so having a long battery life is a top priority. The TomTom goes for about 2 hrs, but I can't afford to unplug my phone or satellite radio to keep it going. On a side note, spend the 25 bucks and get an AC-USB charger.The navigation is excellent. Navteq is top of the line. I went thru roundabouts, purposely took wrong exits and the Nuvi recalculated immediately. Also, in the planning, if you're not in the car, you can simulate the route and directions you need to take, which is a great feature. Sure, no multiple trips or points, but even when I go on road trips, I make stops ad hoc or spontaneously. But for you parents or sales reps, it'll require a lil more leg work. But the touch screen is really easy to use, literally can be used out of the box.The POIs are a great use. Sure, I want to know if there's a restaurant nearby. However, they have it categorized by type of food, which will surely save some unnecessary arguments with friends in the car.There are some extras that the garmin doesn't have that the TomTom have. No traffic updates or customizable voices. Then again, that would require spending $200+ on antennae, I just listen to the radio. Also, does hearing a celebrity's voice enhance my navigation experience? :) I've kept the volume at 20-30% since the prompts are timely and, well, prompt!The only bummers: no AC adaptor or USB cable(I used one from my digital camera); no maps of Canada(might hurt since I drive to Vancouver); and obviously an update is needed which will be $100-$200 for an SD Garmin card.Overall, battery life, navigation, and POIs are extremely helpful and useful for the first-time user. Definitely look for any sales or price drops, as I got mine for $169. I've had it for a few days and enjoy it, get the NUVI 200!*Note to CA users, pick up the beanbag mount, very useful!
This GPS unit arrived just in time for my families 700 mile trip to Florida. It was easy to learn how it worked and the suction cup grip fits nicely on the windshield. It took us a way to Florida that we had not been before using some state highway roads. It actually turned out to be almost an hour faster route. The biggest glitch is the find a restaurant feature seems to be off a little. It tried to take us to a couple of fast food places but got us within distance. It will find addresses ok and the estimated time to arrival feature and mph feature are awesome!!! Well worth the $ a great value.
This garmin is better than text to speech. I don't get confuse from listening the street name or freeway exit which sometimes I try to figure out the name it is saying. It just tell me to turn right or left which I need to do anyway. But when it arrive to the destination, it doesn't recalculate when I passed. So far, I like it.
This is my first GPS, so I can't compare it to other GPS devices. This is an awesome entry level GPS, the only reason I rated 4/5 was because this unit needs map updates of the new freeways.
My first GPS as I've been waiting for the prices to come down. The Nuvi 200 doesn't have all the features of higher priced models(MP3 player, bluetooth, etc.) but it does its job of navigation just as well as the higher priced models in the Garmin line.At first I thought I really needed to have the text to voice option(the actual street name spoken vs. just turn left)which this model does not have. In reality it's not a big deal as the top of the screen shows you the name of the upcoming turn in large letters...so just a glance to the screen can quickly confirm the street/route name if indeed you really need to see it.Size of unit is perfect, easily slips into pocket, yet no problem with entering destination on touch screen. Volume is loud enough to play radio with decent volume and still hear the Garmin's cues. Screen brightness is very good and battery life(should you decide to not use the supplied plug into your lighter outlet) is very good. I charge the unit with a USB cable from my computer as there is no supplied AC power adapter on this model. Unit charges up quickly with USB cable. Of course you can just plug it into your car's lighter power outlet and your good to go.Only disappointment so far has been that some addresses do not show up on the updated maps(latest 2008 version shipped with my Nuvi)...such as Retirement community in a small town that's been there for almost 5 years, therefore the reason for 4 stars vs. 5 star rating.
I was surpised at how easy it is to use the Garmin. It proved its worth last weekwhen we had a lot of traveling from one location to another on Long Island N.Y. and there were Nor'Easters on two days so we could not see the exit signs. The Garmin made it very easy to know when we coming up to the exist and especially when to stay to the left or right lanes.Ocasionally it would get confused and give us invalid directions. Yesterday when traveling from my house to my cousin's house in Eastern Mass., at distance of 31 miles, the GPS could not get the satellite and thought that we were still in the Bronx, N.Y.
I have seen other GPS's recently and this unit by far is the most user friendly, regardless of the price.  It does just what I needed it to do, and the price was very good.  Thanks
Since prchasing this unit many advances have been made and I am ready for a newer unit.  My only complaint is that I could not fit the entire US update on the unit; I had to pick acertan quadrant of the country to download.  That being said I will still go back to a Garmin for the ease of use and how well it works.  Friends with other brands have wished they went with Garmin.  Time for a bigger screen and bigger memory.
Generally this unit works just fine.  For about $100 more you can get a unit that calls out the name of the street you are to turn on. I found this unnecessary.  It still calls out when to turn etc, but just does not say the name of the street, and if you are unsure, the name of the street is visually displayed across the top of the screen so you do have it.The only real problem I had was when I tried to use it in a remote mountainous areas where I have a second home.  At first I thought it had uncovered a short cut and was happy to try it.  After following it for some time, I realized it not only was not a short cut but had me lost on dirt roads and when it directed me to go through a chained and locked gate, all doubt was gone.  Fortunately I was able to find my way back out (the unit was of no use doing so) Oh and by the way, the road I normally take is a nice black top road. My suggestion, if you are buying it for remote areas, don't waste your money.
First of all, understand this is the entry level model in the product line.  Understanding that, I would recommend this unit to anyone.  I've used many vehicle GPS systems in rental cars, etc, that cost much more and this unit is at worst better than those.  I live in the Denver metro area where I use it primarily, but I've also taken it with me on business trips to Los Angeles, Portland, Pheonix and Buffalo and it worked perfectly in all those cities.  Surprisingly, it often does well in rural areas in the Colorado mountains where I travel frequently.  Sometimes even 4WD roads actually display on this thing!  Conversely, there have been some instances where the maps are not updated in suburban areas in the Denver metro area and won't show neighborhoods that have existed for over 5 years.  It will show me driving in an open space though I'm on a paved street with houses all around.  This is rare though.  While the spoken directions don't include the actual street names, I really don't understand why this is a problem for so many people.  I do just fine with "Turn right in .5 miles" and the display shows the street name that I'm to turn on.  Haven't had a problem with that once so far.  You can upload cooler vehicles, etc. which are free on the Garmin web site, but you have to pay for map updates which I have not done.  I've had this unit for over a year, maybe close to two now, I'm not really sure.  They don't make this particular model anymore, but I believe the new version is the Nuvi 205 and isn't much different.  For the price, I've found this simple GPS unit to be great and I highly recommend it.  If you're buying a new car and considering the $1000 GPS unit the dealers shove at you, ask them this "How much do the map updates cost?".  That alone should drive you to buying a Garmin unit that you can take with you when you're in other vehicles etc. It's nice to find a product that actually lives up to the company's promises for a change.  That seems to be extremely rare anymore.
I think this is a great product and would recommend it to anyone who wants one the only draw back i think it had that i have found is that it doesnt say the street names when its telling where to go.
This is a very good product and easy to use.  I have had this nuvi for a few years now but the only problem is that it sometimes malfunctions.  While it is usually accurate sometimes it is not and sometimes recalculates your route unneccessarily.  I would recomment buying a newer model.
I've had the Nuvi 200 since March of 2008. I purchased it for about $160 (at the time, a great deal) and haven't looked back. The unit does everything I expected, and thought it's a little beauty, it's not without its warts.First, the good things. I like the list of points of interest. It's fairly complete and up-to-date, though things that changed within about a year of my purchase date weren't on the lists. Of course, that would be expected on any database, so it's not exactly a flaw. The display is readable and fast to show things and I really like the recalculation speed for this unit. Within 10 seconds of jumping off a calculated route, the 200 gives a new route to your destination. This is a little irritating sometimes if I intentionally jump off, to get gas, for example, but that's something that I would expect all units to do.For the most part, the Nuvi 200 gives great routes to various points, though a couple of times I've wondered why it chose a particular route. It's set by default to route tothe shortest distance, so it's possible that a longer route that would go faster might not get chosen. Since this unit doesn't do any kind of traffic updates, I guess that this is a reasonable expectation.Now the gripes. When you choose to select a destination by address, the Nuvi 200 automatically asks you to type in state you want to go to. It seems to me that the default should be the state you're already in. Even a choice of "Is this address in ?" would be a faster option. Secondly, the keyboard is permanently set to be alphabetical instead of QWERTY. this means you have to find the letters of your destination on the grid provided. Since it's not any kind of standardized grid, it's tough to remember what character is where on the keyboard. Every time I have to type something in, I have to stop and think about exactly how to spell it. On a QWERTY, I don't think, I just type. Again, annoying and counterintuitive.The only other gripe I have is the cost of the update maps. I bought the unit for $160, but the new update maps for 2009 are available for $100. Does this mean that the hardware itself is only worth $60? I find that a little hard to swallow. I know that compiling such a large amount of data is expensive, but it's not like they have to start from scratch every single year. the vast majority of the map info in the update is exactly the same as last year's info, so it would seem to me that the additional cost of the updates wouldn't be that great.I'm wondering if they're trying to make people buy new units with this policy. I am seriously tempted to purchase a unit upgrade (to, say, a nuvi 205 or even a 265) for $200 rather than spend $100 on just a set of maps. Either way, the technology has gotten fairly cheap, so it's a tossup.Would I buy the nuvi 200 again? Definitely. When traveling in an unfamiliar city, it's a great tool. In the year since I bought it, the technology has gotten much better, so an upgrade is certainly doable. the Nuvi 200 has everything I need in a GPS unit. It's just that it's lacking a couple of things I want.
I've only used it once and it got me there. They offered a map upgrade.  I had a little problem getting the product key, but after a short email to tech support, that was resolved.  Oh if your offered the 2009 upgrade. it takes a long time to download.  Six pack of patience.
Needed GPS for occasional use - most have fixed batteries don't want too much committed. Had seen my son use his and went after the least-expensive model. It does quite well, generally finding satellites in a couple of minutes outside, especially if you had let it track to where you now are. Doesn't come with printed manual (not even when new), but can download PDF from Garmin - it has a "quick-start" leaflet. Registering it with Garmin got an immediate, free F/W update. Device attaches to computer (and charges) through normal mini-USB cord, showing as storage device. Update was a bit of a problem because device did not have enough free memory. It seemed to not be able to use the SD card I had added, so deleted a number of other language files: Finish, Norwegian, etc. which freed enough to work. Don't know what happens in future updates. Away from charging, battery lasts a couple of hours.If you deviate from route it furnished, it first warns and tries to get you back to it, but then starts recalculating without manual intervention, accomodating what you may have chosen from better knowledge.I like the voice prompts, my son doesn't. Generally position it on gear-shift console and bring it in out of the cold. Suggest you use it oven known routes to get yourself familiar with device before you really need it! If it's being handled, lock it so touching the screen doesn't modify your settings. Seems capable of only one Waypoint (Viapoint) per destination.Nice gadget!
the only complaint i have about this thing is that it waits until the last second to tell you to turn and it likes to keep you in the left lane so if you need to make a right turn your kinda screwed.
This was easy to use, right out of the box and the battery life is every bit of the advertised 5 hours.  The size is just fine for where its located on my dash and the picture is very clear with little to no glare.My only complaints are:  no way (that I know of) to change something - for example, it gets my house number wrong every time, slow to acquire satellites at times, no way (that I know of) to add something - new points of interest, etc.  I chose this model because I was under the impression that it was updatable, however, according to the Garmin website, there are no recent updates available for my area.  There are shopping centers missing that have been here (baltimore) for more than 2 years, and I would have thought they would be included.I was torn between this model and the Tom Tom One, because of its apparent edit features that this is lacking.  If that's an issue for you, go with the Tom Tom.  If not, this one's great.  Some people want the thing to say the street names, but for me that's not a priority.  The upcoming street name is written at the top of the screen and I know what "turn left in 50 feet."  Besides, half of the residential street signs around here are obscured by trees most of the year, so it does little good.Overall, well worth the money and what was a drawback for me, may not be for someone else.Also, does not come with operating manual, so everything must defer to the website.
Garmin NUVI 200This review is a persepective of my experiences with the Garmin Nuvi. I have only recently starting using GPS devices and have already owned a Nuvi 200 and a Garmin Street Pilot c330. They have both worked fairly well but I can not highlight many specific differences compared to other models. So I will leave that for other reviewers. But here are a few observations that I found.Quality & DisplayThe device seemed durable and well made, especially better when compared to competitor models which some appeared to be cheap plastic. The screen was bright and easy to read. It did pick up fingerprints well, but didnt effect functionality. I was impressed by the detail of the screens and the maps seemed up to date on the Nuvi. The streets were accurate from what I could tell, in my area at least.PortabilityThis unit is small and lightweight! Compared to Street Pilot much smaller with the same size screen. I like the fact that I can keep it in my pocket and take it with me places. They make a wide screen version, but I prefer the smaller size. You can hear the prompts without even looking at it. The larger screen would be better for other functions than navigation (mp3, photos, ect). But at the expense of battery life (covered later).FeaturesIts your basic unit. Has your regional map with turn by turn directions (just not actual street name but so what), points of interest, speed, compass direction, time of arrival, and other basic functions you find in just about any other GPS device. The only thing that made this one more special was the ability to change your vehicle icon, view photos, and lock the device - features not available on the StreetPilot. There are also currency converters and a calulator, but I didnt find that very valuable. The higher end Garmin units have more features and additional maps of other countries. They can also tell you the name of the street to turn on. They have built in MP3 music players, and integrated bluetooth so you can make and receive calls with a bluetooth cell phone. But not without a price. Many of the other models with those features can COST almost double as this one, and its not even extra GPS related features. I prefer to keep it simple. I use an ipod for music and photos and a bluetooth headset with my cell phone.Antenna and ReceptionThere is no connection for external antenna. So if you plan to use the device in a camper or highly remote location where an externa antenna would be necessary then you should look at a different model.When compared to the other Street Pilot models I found the reception to be exceptionally better in areas where the SP didnt come in well. The C330 Street Pilot required an external antenna to get signal in certain areas, but with the Nuvi 200 it was not needed in the same areas. However, though the reception was better without the antenna, it took MUCH longer to lock on satelites.CustomizingIt was cool to be able to download FREE custom vehicle icons from Garmin's website and use them right away. Thats about all you can do to customize it, short of POI's (later). I do wish it were possible to change the voices to celebrities that would be fun too.And now for some MINOR BUGS. Though I love this unit, but there are things that should be further noted.Provided inaccurate info at timesOne thing I noticed is detail screen would show me as moving .3 or .4 mph while it was just sitting on the counter. However, the Street Pilot never did that.Questionable RoutesThe navigation directions were "off" base in a number of cases. It would sometimes show a route that was too far out of the way. It was set at  "Shorter Distance" sometimes, then "Faster Time" at other. It still took me to places which were not the most efficient route. For example, when driving home from a nearby town it said to take a side street (shortest distance) when there was a clearly better route - the main road to my house! (sort of a combined short distance and fastest route).. However if it was set on the other method of fastest route it went way out of the way. Ok enough, on to the next part.Trip PlanningBoth the Street Pilot and Nuvi 200 are are limited to one via point (stopping point) on the way to final destination. From what I understand the higher end models allow for more. But if you are on a trip and want to stop and get gas, then later stop at and get food then you would have to restart your route. You are also not able to plan or save a route from a location other than where you are. If you want that, then this model is not for you.POI - Points of InterestPOI's referred to as Points of Interest are easily added after obtaining some custom GPS software (not from Garmin). I found a free app called Easy GPS. Then I used Garmin's POI Loader to get it to the device. Good so far, right? Well almost. I did notice some significant downfalls in the POI functionality for this model. First, the places do NOT appear on the 3D map while moving. This is an issue Garmin is familiar with and there is no fix that I know of. Secondly, any added POI names do NOT come up during a search. Strange huh? Nor does anything saved as a favorite come up either. It appears the search function is limited only to what is already stored in Garmin's little database file.BatteryThe Nuvi 200 has much less battery life than the Street Pilot models. (4 vs. 8 hours). It would have been nice to see a "battery saver" type of feature, i.e. have the display turn off and only give audio prompts, or maybe like a screen saver where it will only come on when you go to use it. Instead the unit has to be powered completely OFF to conserve power, and then when turned back ON, there again you have to WAIT AND WAIT to lock in to satelites (see above).PowerSome noted the Nuvi doesnt just clip into the windshield cradle to be powered. A plug has to be attached separately. That is fine with me. What however DID bother me, is that if I use a data cable with it, the device goes into what is called "PC SYNC MODE" and you can NOT use it. It will show your background image if you have one, and a little computer in the bottom. I wish there was a feature to stop it from going into pc mode when connected with a data cable, The street pilot never had this problem.VolumeAgain another noted the same. You have to press through 3 screens to turn the volume up or down. I much preferred the Street Pilot design where it had an external volume knob.  There's nothing worse than trying to drive and have to turn the volume up and down all the time.MountingIt comes with the Windshield mount which works fine. The windshield mount for the Nuvi is shorter and much smaller. Again, the power cable is not built it to the mount, it has to be manually connected to the unit. If you want to use in more than one vehicles I recommend a Vent mount. Those mounts sell like hotcakes on ebay, and they arent cheap. Makes me want to get into the mounting business.COMPONENTS - IN THE BOXThough it was a good price, it would have been nice to have a package with the data cable and a nice form fitting case. You get that stuff with most digital cameras, why shouldnt you with this?It also includes the windshield mount (mentioned earlier).PROSPortable/Compact, Compact Mount, Bright Screen, Affordable, Simple and Easy to use, Durable/SolidConsNo external volume, POI's dont come up in search, Annoying PC Sync mode, Short Battery life with no saver mode, No "efficient route" setting, Slow to lock on Satelites, Limited customization
I am very pleased with it. I have gone to 3 road trips over the winter break with this and it has performed very well. The only thing i wish it had better was search based on name that is not based on present location. I was in Philadelphia and was searching for a particular restaurant in Manhattan area, every time i enter the name with zip code, it seemed to hang or provide me with no result. However, after arriving in Manhattan, i found the restaurant when i performed a search for nearby Asian restaurants.
I love my new GPS System, it gets me where I need to be and even fits in my purse so I have it with me all the time. My cell phone offers this feature but with the price I paid at Amazon I only had to pay once and not another monthly bill. Thanks Amazon for a great product.
i bought this gps from amazon.com after I found out in store price is much higher in most retail stores. anyway it works same as higher version nuvi 350 at half price. only differance is lack of house power charger, which you don't really need. i don't need mp3 or other useless functions other expensive gpses offer.this nuvi200 is just good in size and function for driving. even my 2003 bmw has a expensive factory installed, cd based gps, i still need this nuvi for its endress pois. it really works.
I bought this item about 3 weeks ago. Overall, I've been happy with it. For the most part it's easy to use and is quick to calculate where you're at and to recalculate when you take a different route than what it is proposing. I only have 2 commplaints: 1) the user instructions included in the box are almost useless (turns out most instructions are included in help files located in the unit itself, although nothing in the box tells you to look there) and, 2) some of the maps are inaccurate (in my neighborhood the unit shows that I've missed the turn onto my street when in fact I'm still 200-300 feet away).
I also have another full featured GPS that does everything.  So why did I buy the Nuvi 200?  Because its easy to use and doesn't require I re-read the manual each time I want to use it. The lack of bluetooth, text-to-speech, mpg, etc. just get in the way to what a GPS unit main function is.  The lack of the congested traffic receiver option doesn't worry me.  It won't help if you don't live in a major metro city or are unwilling to pay the extra subscription fee.  The only negative comment is that Garmin offers several extras (i.e. downloadable extra car icons, POI mgr, etc.) but don't tell you about them on the website or the manual, so need to Google the web to find out how to download them on their website.
Overall, its a good GPS with prompt indications for directions, but the maps are a bit outdated and updating the maps thru garmin is as costly as buying a new GPS. It also hangs up inside parking lots and takes a lot of time to recover even after coming out resulting in unnecessary detours and wrong directions if you need immediate guidance...
I give this 4-star rating because it does not come with many features you would find in new units these days, but its definitely worth 5.This is nice little GPS with enough features to keep you rolling in the right direction. i have used this on several of my trips and it has never turned me down (or in the wrong direction ;)).The routing is quick and accurate, and the voice prompts are good and timely. This is for a regular user who wants a cheap and decent GPS unit.It is worth the price!!! Would definitely recommend it.
I'm glad about this GPS is that it was pretty cheap - just $30, that's great. GPS itself was fine too, espcially I liked feature that there are many languages available and not just basic ones - English, Spanish and German or French, but much more than that. It can show letters in different languages and talk in different languages. You can also switch between space units as miles and kilometers. You also switch of which method of driving do you prefer - fast or short. Where "fast" means using maine roads, like freeways and big roads, there are big speed limits. While "short" means drive around small streets to get your distance as short as possible, but not always quicker. And one more thing is good, that it is touchscreen, so it brings some small joy.Let's talk about opposite side. You can't chose points of interest such as stores, gas stations, restaraunts and so on. You just need to know your exact destnination. Also maps are pretty old and don't show all small streets. To update map, it costs like $60 - more than GPS itself.I would suggest this GPS only to those people who really need to get some kind of navigator but very-very low on money. It would be better to save a little more and buy more advanced and updated version of Garmin's GPS.
I used my Nuvi on trip to Atlanta, GA and without it I would have been lost. It took me to the door of hotel and door of the office building. It was of help in navigating Atlanta's interstate system. Only issue I have is it takes a couple of minutes to connect with satellite.
It 's very easy to use. So far, the GPS direction instruction is accurate. the resolution is about 20 to 40 meters. Some time, the satellites serching is some slowly.
Bought it for a trip that we had never been on.  Much easier to use than printed maps from mapquest.  Lots of features.  Good beginner model.
I bought this device for my wife, but used it on our move to Florida and a few times in Florida to learn my way around. It works fine, but doesn't have any way to update the database to incorporate new streets and roads, which is a problem living in an area that is always changing.
this product works well for most general uses.  but sometimes when moving slowly through bridges (that overlap other streets) or streets that are very close together, garmin gets confused and keeps switching between conflicting instructions.  also, sometimes if you deviate from the suggested route to a parallel road, it can take a while to notice as it seems to assume you are still on it's suggested road.  this can lead to making several annoying uturns.  still for the most part, it gets you where you need to go, esp. if you are new to an area, and also acts as a good local map of the area you are driving in.
It did what it suppose to do for most cases. Great for it's price.It does have some problems with big cities such as New York. It kept recalculating and if you know generally where you are going, you will be fine. Do not depend 100% on your GPS system. You will turn around and around. Secondly, it takes some time to link up to the satellite.
I bought it about a month ago and it works just perfect!With the price I paid for this, I am more than satisfied.Thanks NUVI 200!
After using it for several month, I am satisfied with this product.  However, the only downside has to be the acquiring satellite time, which can take up to 10 mins especially during weekends.  If you don't mind sitting inside your car waiting for a signal during hot summer or cold winter, then this is a great product for you.  On the other hand, a TOMTOM GPS usually takes less than 30 secs to acquire satellite. Nevertheless, the TOMTOM does very bad in telling directions (When I say very bad, I meant it). Overall, I think this small GPS indeed worth the original price.  After using both Garmin GPS and TOMTOM GPS, I would recommend the Garmin ones because they are dsigned to give drivers an accurate dirction, which TOMTOM GPS falls way behind.P.S. The car mount that included in this package was very easy to use and I loved it!
It is good deal. This navigation is very good most time for used thing, but sometimes it can not locate satellite.
Nice sensitive GPS datalogger. Selectable point logging time works while running. Had to kill gpsd, run globdog-dg100, start GPS-Mouse mode, start gpsd /dev/ttyUSB0.I'll try geotagging photos soon.
This is the first GPS data Logger that I have owned. The product is acceptable for general tracking where a location tolerance of plus/minus 10 feet is acceptable.I have recorded bicycle rides around the 5 mile block and it sometimes tracks better. With the altitude recording, it is again off by 10 to 20 feet. The 400 feet elevation change of the mountain does not move, but the data indicates different heights up to 20 feet.Converting the data to excel by the .csv extension is completed only by exporting the selected 60 or 90 second data log. For a 2 hour bicycle ride, you have to export the 120 data files individually then recombine them. This is a tedious task.Unless you write a program to convert lon. and lat. to feet, it is just enought for general games. I have not tested the extra antenna option.The limited 1 second sampling rate is fine for walking, but where motorcycle racing and quickly changing bicycle velocities are experienced, there are big changes in velocity in those 1 seconds.The system has a tendancy to drop data points on occation where it may loose signal or when it is storing data.
I've had this products for about two years. I use it for geo-tagging the pictures I take. From the aspect of hardware this is absolutely amazing. The two AA batteries will keep it on for more than a full day. Turn it on, put it in your pocket and forget about it. The GPS record is so precise you can literally see yourself changing lane on highway.However the softwares come with this product are next to useless. Yes the driver and the Data Logger Utility sort of work - you can export the log file to several major GPS log file formates with it, after a ridiculous amount of mouse clicking, and that is pretty much the only thing you will ever want to do with the included software. The data logger does come with a geo-tagging software but it never worked properly for me. Instead I just downloaded some free geo-tagging softwares from Internet and all of them worked fine with the log file recorded by this data logger.So, if you are willing to spend some time figuring out how to get the log file out of it, this data logger is one of the best at current price level. If you just want to semi-automatically geo-tag your photos, avoid this product please.A couple of notes:1. No, it does not has a Mac driver.2. Yes, the driver does work with Windows 7, 32 or 64bit.
This being my first experience with a GPS logger, I'd have to say that this little piece of hardware is a pretty neat and easy to use device.A little bit on the setup though, if one can call it that:Running the enclosed drivers on a Windows 7 PC seemed to have issues for me, specifically, the driver didn't seem to want to work with the logger - it wouldn't recognize it at all. After reading and re-reading the manual, I decided to go to the manufacturer's website, where, under the loggers dedicated page, I found an up-to-date driver. After the download and installation of the driver, the device was picked up quickly by the computer and I've not had an issue of connectivity since.The operation is pretty straight forward, but I have noticed that a lock is best achieved by letting the logger establish connection to the satellite it links up to by not moving it around. Once a connection has been made though, it holds on to it extremely well. It even manages to hold on indoors (to a certain degree of course).Now, the software that is used to tag coordinates onto photos...it didn't quite work for me. I followed the instructions and tried over and over, but I just couldn't get it to work; I even tried an updated version of the software from the supplier's site, but that was even worse. If you get it to work, power to you! I just went online and found free tagging software and that route worked for me.So if you're in the market for a GPS logger, I'd definitely look at getting this little guy, you won't be disappointed - I haven't been.P.S. The only reason why I'm not giving it a full five star rating is because of the driver issue. A hint somewhere (like a sticker) advising to check out the manufacturer's website for up-to-date drivers would be really helpful.
It works fine and is just as accurate as any other GPS I have had.  The only "problem" I have is with the Blackberry, not the Garmin.  The Blackberry doesn't give any indication if it is connected.  You know it is connected when whatever program you are using starts to work.
I ordered a total of 4 tags and all but one of the 8 batteries was dead. Not a huge deal except it's not very easy to find the required GP390 batteries. In the end I found 20 of them fcr something like $9 online so it really amounts to nothing. Tags work exactly as was stated and I'm so happy that my cat is once again tagged. Be aware that you need the water resistant housings if you are putting them on a pet or they repeatedly dip them in their water dish and kill them. Oh, the batteries were new when manufactured, obviously, and the little paper strips were still in them so no one at the seller knew they were dead or COULD know they were dead. Overall a fantastic value.
Yaaay! Yay! Yay, yay ayy ayyayay yay yay yay yay yay yay a yyay yay yay ayy yay meow! Yep.
Good product by a great tent maker. NO PROBLEMS WITH PRODUCT, DELIVERY TIME. NO complaints. I'll gladly buy from these folks again if the opportunity arises.
Wow...this think works great.  Less than $80 and it came with a 512 Meg micro-SD.  Both the GPS and the SD reader work great.  Amazingly quick GPS acquisition and it got a good fix in the middle of the downstairs of my house... amazed me!  I heard there were power issues that would require additional software for the Palm, but it seems to work without anything else.  My only complaint is I now need to hunt for software, which it came bundled with SOMETHING.  I have downloaded several freeware APS and all recognize it perfectly.  If you need a GPS for your SD capable Palm, this is the one!
I run special events and sport events several time a year. Very similar design from other megaphones I have used.  Seems like good quality plastic and feels sturdy.  Uses half of the batteries of similarly powered models, which means less weight and less cost to operate.  Works well and easily lasted 3 half days of constant use.  Seems like the battery compartment hinge and clasp might be prone to break, which is why we needed new ones to begin with, but you can't beat the price!!
This is a nice little GPS receiver for the money.It works well with my Nokia N800 running Maemo Mapper.It does not work indoors and occasionally drops connection to the satellites for a few seconds.
Works great, no complaints.  Connects very quickly.Originally bought it to work with a Verizon BlackBerry because I didn't want to pay of VZNavigator ... allowed me to use Google Maps as well as the built-in nav program in the blackberry.  This was a LONG while back now.Currently, I use it with a jail-broken 2nd gen iPod touch with a GPS app (to connect via BlueTooth)  and TomTom's app.
I bought this just to experiment with my wifes MDA. I already had TomTom and I wanted to see if I could get it to work on her phone. When I got it, it came in a little box with just a car charger and a mini CD with some extra software. I plugged it up in the car and it got a lock in about 1 minute. I was instantly navigating! Worked well with both a WM5 MDA and a WM 2003 iPaq 6315.It's a very simple design - just has an on off button, charge light (green), BT light (blue) and a flashing power light (red). My only gripe is that it doesn't seem to have an "auto off" feature that will time out and turn the device off if its not in use. (At least it doesn't say it has that feature). However, it does turn off BT if the connection is lost/turned off on your device.It's so small, I just keep it in the armrest of the car (since there's a 12v cigarette lighter socket in there) and just turn it on and off when we need it. I was worried it would be too confusing to connect for my wife but after I set up the comm port, as soon as she turns on the BT-5 and opens TomTom, it's immediately connected. It just works great!I recommend it for the casual user but if you're going to be using GPS a lot, I'd recommend getting something with better battery life, auto sleep function, replaceable battery, more sturdy construction, more powering/charging options, ect. This is just a cheap little device but for $33 we love it for what we use it for.
I've had this for about 3 months. When set to 10 second log points i would get 3-4 hours of life from 800 mAh NiMH batteries. I've upped the refresh to 15 seconds recently to try and get a bit more life from it and this winter I'll probably de-case it and put it in a case that holds 2 or 4 AA's (both for the increased life and because I already have a bag full of them for my flashes). Part of the reason I'm going to do this is my lock on times are nothing like the other two reviews. It usually locks on in under 5 minutes, but I've had it still be searching a full ten minutes later, so turning it on an off to save battery life can lead to lots of manual tagging. The lock on time is the sole reason I didn't give it 5 stars.I use the software that comes with it and it works well, though I haven't tried others to compare though I may give another a try in winter since other reviews I've read seem to imply that the time to match the photos and tags is longer than it could be. It takes around 20-25  minutes for it to matchup 5-600 photos, which means I currently just start it and walk away, but if other programs really do it significantly faster that would be a nice change.
I purchased this product to geotag my photos.  It works great for this purpose with high degree of accuracy.  It acquires satellites quickly, and keeps connected even inside cars etc.  Battery life with the two AAA batteries is 8 hours as advertised. This is too short for me since most hikes last all day (12-14 hours would be ideal). The storage capasity is great, with up to 400,000 points possible.  You could track for a whole month straight if you didn't constantly run out of batteries.I have also found other uses for the device; when I had a friend carry it in his Hydro racing boat.  We used the data, acquired once a second, to see how fast the boat had been going throughout the race. This required manipulating the data file a bit, since the included software is only designed for tagging photos and mapping your track on google earth.Pro: Fast, accurate, compact, light, belt clip, huge storage capasityCon: Batttery life, cheaply made case,
I received this as a Christmas present to use in conjunction with my camera to GeoTag photos. The one down side of this is that the customer support is rather poor, leaving a question on the RealTek website's support form only results in a response that I should use the form.I am using this with Linux, the software that comes with the item is for Windows (Mac?) but after finding the source code for a program to read and set the parameters in this device it became very easy to use.The UI (User Interface) consists of one on/off button and a red/green LED. Other than that there is nothing else but a USB port. I have used it indoors and it has acquired satellites in 10-15 seconds, Outdoors the time is lots faster.The logging interval can be set from 1-second to 60-seconds. At 15-seconds this will record about 500,000 data pointsIt will capture about 180 (12hour) days of data, but the batteries need to be replaced after 6 - 10 hours. I use rechargeable (2 AAA) NiMH lasting 8 hours. RealTek claims 10 hours on Alkaline.The shell is White. But that is an advantage, it is visible and easy to find even if dropped in the weeds when out on a photo shoot or hiking.If I lost this one would I replace this with another - YES!
Great product - outstanding value for money - I had issue with Maps though - they don't have speed limits built in (although an earlier version of Mio GPS did - unable to get a good answer as to how to get themAside from above the product has been perfect bar a few odd route selections but it is the exception than the rule
A lot of bike trails consist of places &#34;off the grid.&#34; I've never figured out how to download those kinds of trails on this Garmin device. I now mainly use it to see my MPH while I'm riding as well as miles traveled. If anyone else can figure out how to use it more effectivly then more power to you.......
(Oct. 8, 09 2nd and final Update)  I will go back to 4 stars!  Just rode 150mile ride - I now have about 800 miles using the 705 and i have finally figured the thing out. Once you figure all of the idosyncrasies out and learn how it works I would not ride without it (NO CUE SHEETS ANYMORE)!!! You must give yourself 6 mos+/- to use it, upload maps and figure out the settings that work with how you ride.  I also use mine to run although I must carry it in my hand (the data and HR is well worth it). The biggest issue I still have is when plotting bike routes in MapMyRide (MMR) and then uploading those to the 705 I must scan the entire route in the 705's window to look for mistakes in the routing (these don't show up in MMR or Garmin's PC software. If there are errors that you can't live with (e.g. might straighten out a curvy road) then you must replot in MMR or other and upload again.  To me it is worth it but if Garmin's mapping software was any good then I would use that and maybe eliminate these transfer issues.  Either way, this issue keeps the 705 from getting 5 stars.(Sept 8, 09 1st Update to my August 16th, 2009 review below which basically says NOT a good GPS for car or motorcycle)My first review still stands but I have now used the navigation and auto-navigation after just completing a 105 mile (125 turns) and a 40 mile ride on back-to-back days. This is a lengthy review but there is a lot I have found out about the Edge 705. I do not race - I am a century/double century bike rider that rides only about 1,000 to 1,300 miles per year so this review applies to a distance rider.OVERALL SUMMARY:I changed this to 3 stars instead of 4 stars since this is still an early stage bicycle GPS solution; really the only bike GPS solution for sale that works for long distance riding.  The 705 works but you cannot count on it 100% of the time.  It has a very slow processor (works on a bike but you will sometimes pass your turns in a car or motorcycle, especially if the GPS has to re-route (re-routing can take 5 minutes)).  The 705 will frustrate you, especially before you get to know it) but for me it is still better than carrying around pieces of paper for cue sheets, keeping track of your mileage between turns and not having a map when the road names are missing or incorrect.  I expect that in 3-5 years the bicycle GPS will be working more like a car GPS but, until then, this is really your only option.  Just be sure you know what limitations you are getting before you spend $550 on a device and maps - then you should be happy with the 705.  When the 705 works, you can't imagine riding without it but, when it doesn't, you want to set fire to Garmin's headquarters.DETAILED UPDATED REVIEW:First the good:  It was really, really nice not having to use a cue sheet, especially on the longer ride.  This in itself makes the device worth it to me since I spend a lot of time formating the cue sheets and then "laminating" them with packing tape so they don't bleed/deteriorate from sweat.  The 705 keeps the necessary bike computer information you want on the screen - very customisable and I like this a lot. When navigating, the 705 provides an audible beep alert about .1 to .3 miles before you will be "told" to make a turn and then another beep immediately before the turn; switching to a map that shows how the turn works.  The 705 does NOT give any notice if you are continuing straight through an intersection and the road name changes.  Since I was use to using cue sheets, I found this limitation annoying but quickly got use to simply riding straight since the device knows what road you are on and where you are located. Also, I like to ride back roads so there were several times when the posted road name sign was missing or posted differently than the cue sheet/mapping road names.  With the 705 you can keep going since you are reassured by looking at the next few miles ahead on the 705's screen. I haven't had any problems with battery life (rode about 9.5 hrs on one charge w/more battery life remaining) or data storage limitations but I will test that in a couple of weeks with a double century ride.  The 705 transfers information between the computer easily.  The mount works well (make the ties tight) and the screen is easy enough to read in bright sunlight. I haven't lost a GPS signal while riding through trees (I imagine you would in a tunnel).The "needs improvement" or simply bad:This is not a "set-it and forget-it" device, nor always intuitive to use.  There is a lot of room for big improvements, especially if you have previously used a $200+ Automotive GPS(these are far superior to the 705 in speed, accuracy, and auto-routing/re-routing).  The software that comes with the 705 is not good for the year 2009 - maybe 1990s.  Since it is so un-intuitive, I have not fully explored this software so maybe I need more time with it.  It does the very basics and it doesn't even do those well.  I used to own a Ciclosport bike computer/altimeter and it captured data and one could export the data to the PC.  The software for data analyzation was far superior in the ciclosport.  The Edge does give you data to analyze and for most riders I think you will find that it is enough since it is more a novelty unless you are really serious about training.  You can also use the 705 to setup training rides to make your training more efficient and productive but I doubt I will ever use those.  If you are a racer or serious trainer then maybe you will be able to get more from some of the features in the 705.  I did try to ride against myself (a previous ride using virtual partner) but I didn't get it to work.  I think that was my fault and I will try that again.More importantly, I expect one spends all of this $ to use the Edge 705 for navigation...to either pre-route for on-bike navigation or auto-route while on a ride to find a place to ride to (or head home).  To pre-route, I won't use the poor Garmin software provided - period.  It is not good.  I use map-my-ride (MMR) and export everything as a gpx file.  The gpx file needs to be opened in Garmin's MapSource software and transfered to the Edge 705 as a track - simple and quick to do.  However, all of the early tracks I uploaded to the 705 had 1 or 2 errors in them - produced by the 705 when the GPX file was imported from MapSource.  I find the imported track will sometimes "jump roads" where there isn't any roads - especially if you select "follow roads" when you are mapping your route in MMR (everyone will use this or it would take forever to map a route w/out it).  This "jumping" may be only once or twice in a track but it is obviously a big problem.  The 705 device work-around is to turn on the 705, select a saved track, select "navigate" in the 705 (this alone can take 5+min) and then review it in the 705.  This takes some time and is pretty tedious, especially for a 105 mile track. One of the things I started to do was when I map my routes in MMR I click right before and right after a road/major direction change.  This seems to help and I did not find any errors in my 105 mile track on the 705 that were caused by the 705 (there was one error but it was created in MMR).  Maybe I won't have anymore 705 import errors but as of now I just don't fully trust the 705 yet.  Everyone must realize that the online mapping program data isn't perfect - every long route I have planned using google maps, mapquest or mapmyride has given me wrong directions, wrong road lables and/or shown roads that do not exist (not the 705's fault).  These online mapping programs have been 99% accurate but that 1% is always frustrating, especially when you have to stop, find an alternate route and often backtrack. Having the 705 will not change these online mapping program errors.  However, I don't need the 705 to add more errors.  I think I have corrected the 705 import errors by clicking before/after each turn but only time will tell.  Also, where I ride (central NJ - Central PA) none of the online mapping solutions or the 705 have avoided gravel roads.  The capability to do this is there but the data and companies just don't keep up with it.  This is not a weakness of the 705 but simply an industry maturity/capacity issue.  Lastly, the on-bike auto-routing capabilities of the Edge 705 is also somewhat questionable.  I've only used it 3x and, while it works, it hasn't taken me the quickest way home. It does come close but I'm not sure why it selects some roads over others.  And, if you intentionally go off a pre-programmed route (bad weather, closed road, just curious, etc.) you should be careful.  If you have auto-recalculate turned on it will not get you back onto the track unless you turn-around.  The 705 will eventually just send you back to your starting point. I recommend that you turn on ASK PRIOR TO RECALCULATING setting. It will still ask you to turn around 3 or 4x but you can ignore it and ride back onto the track (it will then continue to navigate using the original track) or you can decide to recalculate and go to your starting destination.  Plan on it re-navigating for up to 5 minutes (it says 100% recalculated but then must irritate you by staying on that screen for a minute or so!)  If you continue to ride while it is recalculating you will pass roads and have no clue if you should turn or not.  So you can pull over and wait but you can't stop your timer if it is calculating a new route (this will increase your riding time/decrease your speed avg. if you are set for manual).  To deal with this turn on the AUTO PAUSE feature that automatically stops the timer when you stop and restarts when you ride.  The 705 doesn't have a re-routing capability to avoid an obstacle and then take you back to your original track (like closed bridge or accident avoidance).  The 705 will simply tell you to turn around and ultimately send you home.Good luck - I hope this review helps you make a more informed decision.  I am sure I confused something above so if you have any questions, post a reply and I will respond asap.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I purchased the 705 with heart monitor and 2010 City Maps DVD only a month ago.  I have only used it maybe a dozen times and 4 of those times were in a car.  First and foremost this is NOT a car GPS and one should not expect anything more than a very basic point-to-point GPS if using it in a car or motorcycle.  The routing is way to slow and if you go off path you need to pull over and wait for it to re-route.  Even when selecting the car/motorcycle routing feature (& unchecking the "avoid toll- roads" and "avoid highways" toggles) the device will auto route on less traveled roads.  In fact, with my limited experience, I do not trust the device to auto-route yet.  THis may be due to me not being familiar with the device yet but I simply asked it for the fastest route from Avalon, NJ to Flemington, NJ and the auto-route suggested I go west of Philadelphia (about 45min out of my way).But I bought this for the bicycle so on the bike it works as expected, although I am having a "challenging" time entering routes and using virtual partner. Like any electronic device, they all have their idiosyncrasies and I am simply learning how to use this device.  Some things are intuitive and some are not but it generally works as expected and I am happy with it so far.  Per the reviews I bought the 2010 City Maps on DVD instead of a Garmin card and that is what eveyone should do since I can use the maps on my computer and my Edge 705 (doesn't work the other way around).  Getting authorization from Garmin was a little unclear but techsupport showed me what I needed to do fairly quickly.I am riding some centries and double centries soon so we will see how this unit works.  I will update my review after those rides since I expect to push the limits of this device.
I have had the Edge 705 a little over a week and am enjoying riding with it.  I did take the advice of several reviewers and bought the city navigator map separately on DVD so I could use it both on my computer and on the Edge.  I first bought a 4GB microSD through Amazon to put the maps in the Edge.  The card would not work on the Edge - my computer would not recognize the Garmin and I couldn't get beyond the opening screen on the Garmin.  I then bought a 2 GB microSD at Walmart which did work.  I realized afterwards that the 4GB was an HC card (it took 6 minutes to load the maps versus 48 minutes).  I am not sure if it was the size or the HC that prevented the microSD from working with this unit.One Week Later - I learned yesterday that Garmin just released a Firmware update.  I updated the Firmware to 2.9 and the 4 GB HC card does work.
I have purchase a second Egde 705 unit, not because I really love this model, but I cannot live without my gadgets.To who travel with a bike (riding), the GPS is very usefull, it helps you to plan and execute the ride, keeping you in the road or trail you want, providing the distance to the next point and etc.Since sometimes you have no map with the exactly road or trails you want, you can use some software or applications, like Google Maps or Google Earth to plan and upload the ride, but this is not something so friendly and requires some software expertise.There is some other points which disapoint me:- Since I am a GPS user from a long time, I got used to manage the unit, like select the map database (WGS85, SA69) and customize more the GPS, those controls does not exist in the Edge 705.- Still about the lack of control, I also have speed and cadence sensor, so I have no information if the speed, distance measurements and register is based in the sensor or by the GPS/Satellite readings.- I just figured, the unit does not use heart rate sensor to calculate the calories burned, so what is the point to have calories information and heart measurements.- I do no know if it is possible to use the MicroSD slot/memory to store the data, there is no information how to select the memory device internal GPS Memory or MicroSD, the real problem here is: I do not know if I can get more storage capacity using an additional MicroSD card and worse than that is if I am using a MicroSD with map database, when the GPS memory get full, the GPS will not overhide my map in the MicroSD with the GPS data.
This is maybe the 6th Garmin GPS system I have bought but it's the first dedicated cycling GPS. Before you rush off and spend another $100+ on the 800 you really should do a side-by-side comparison. The 800 has a bigger and touch-sensitive screen, double the memory, and weighs 0.2oz less. But it costs a lot more and reviews on the touch screen and UI are not that great.I bought this for brevets (up to 40 hours) so I needed an external power source because this has a 15 hour battery life. Bear that in mind if you're a long distance cyclist too. However, if you're on a multi-day bike vacation this would be perfect as it comes. You can download multiple routes, one for each day, and select the one you want to follow each day. This is one big advantage over the Nuvi type GPS systems - that you can tell it the route you want to follow, and it will highlight it in the map and warn you as you approach turns. When you're zoned out after cycling continuously for 20 hours this feature is awesome.This unit also replaces your bike computer. It has a highly customizable display that can simultaneously show you up to 10 (I think) readouts from a list of 30 or so. Some of the more interesting readouts available are time, speed, max speed, average speed, elevation, total climbing, gradient, rate of climb, distance travelled, bearing, distance to next turn, ETA, calories burned, and many more. If your package includes an HR strap you can add heart rate to that list. With the right accessories you can also add power and cadence.In addition to readout mode, this unit has an elevation chart, map, and compass mode. Garmin recommends buying a North American city map (or whatever is appropriate for where you will be using it) to add detail to the base map that comes with the unit. I got mine on micro SD-card for about $35 from Amazon. Without this extra map you may find yourself only cycling on major roads. Be aware that the micro SD-card comes in a full-size SD-card adaptor. You have to remove it from the adaptor and then insert it into the correct slot on the GPS unit. This process is documented and easy to follow once you realize that the SD-card you're looking at is only an adaptor :-) Otherwise you'll be scratching your head for 5 minutes trying to figure out where to insert the full size SD-card.One feature I did not expect was POIs. It's not as slick as the Nuvi POI UI but it's great if you need to find a bike shop in a hurry -- no restrooms though :-(. I also was not expecting the ability to specify a POI, address, city, etc and have it calculate the best route there (you have the option to avoid highways and unpaved roads).The unit comes with detailed instructions on CD but no details on how to download and follow your own routes. It's not that hard though because websites like gpsies.com, mapmyride.com, biketoaster.com, and ridewithgps.com all have download features. You need to have the unit connected to your computer using the included USB cable (which is also the power cable if you use an external power source). Then you export your chosen route in TCX format and it ends up in the Courses folder on the GPS unit. You can then access the route using the 'Training' option on the GPS's menu and then select the ride and click 'Do Course'. Be sure to select the 'Warn before turn' option on the website before you download the TCX file if you want the unit to tell you about upcoming turns.It is my understanding that the Edge 705 will accept GPX (standard) and TCX (also XML) file formats. However TCX files seem to be smaller than the equivalent GPX file. Someone told me the 800 only accepts FIT (proprietary) files but I can't verify that.The unit comes with two bike mounts that will work on the stem or handlebars (so I can put a mount on my 'bent too). The mount seems a little flimsy at first especially when you consider you are mounting $300+ worth of fragile hardware on it (I bet the Edge won't survive hitting concrete at 30mph). However once it's on it does seem pretty solid. One rider told me that the release lever is weak and will snap if you're not careful. I believe him. Many people like to pick their bikes up by the stem and you would need to make sure you don't bend the release tab as you grab the bike.I am absolutely thrilled with the Edge 705. The only reason I took a star off is because there is no reference in the documentation on how to download and follow your own courses which is the main reason a lot of cyclists will want to buy this unit in the first place.
Danbucks "-DC", it sounds like your cable ties need tightening.  This is my second Garmin, (had the 205 for a few years first) I use it on both my mountain and road bike and have never had a problem with the mounting.  One other thing I'd like to add to these two great reviews is that while the speed/cadence may be optional for some, the SD map data card is a must have!  In my opinion, this opens up a whole new world of cycling.  I have "gotten lost" with it several times, I just keep track of my miles away from home, then when Im ready to head back I just hit "go home" or "track back" and viola, The trusty Garmin takes me right to my doorstep.  If it were not for this data card and turn by turn directions, there would have been no need for me to upgrade, I would have been just fine w/my 205.btw, Garmin Edge 205 for sale!  ;-)
This is a great exercise computer/GPS.  I had a bicycle shop install it but in watching the process installing on your own does not seem difficult.  It is easy to use with plenty of video clips available on Garmin's site and Youtube to help out.  Use any number of websites to plot a course and easily download to the unit.  Only gripe: the unit does not exactly follow the course you map out and has you making turns where you did not indicate because it is looking to take the fastest route.  Be sure to check out Edge's minsite on Garmin: [...].
The 705 is one of those devices that does many things very well.  I was able to connect a PowerTap wheel in no time at all (It took me longer to navigate the Garmin menu than to have the 705 connect to the hub).  One reason I really wanted the 705 is to have a device that can handle power, HR, cadence and use multiple intervals in the same workout.  I found it very easy to track multiple workouts and also have different targets for each workout.  For example during the 1st half of my ride my coach might have be working on cadence based drills then during the second half of my ride work on power or HR based drills.  With the 705 I can track all of this in one workout, whereas in other computers I'd have to stop the workout and start another, having 2 different files, averages, etc.Also being able to customize the screens, track up to 8 measurements per screen, setup multiple bikes.  Battery life is good and using a mini-usb cable means I don't have to travel with a charger all the time (just use the same cables/chargers as my other devices) Memory has been good on the unit as well both for longer and multiple rides plus I can expand the memory with a SD card if need be.Mapping will come in more handy when traveling but I really don't need maps around when in my hometown.  Although being able to upload my ride to [...] is great to review a course, see a profile and mark points on a map.  I still think the included Garmin maps and waypoint manager are ugly (compared to Google maps), difficult to setup a route (MapMyRide.com is so much easier to setup routes)  so I think it's ridiculous to have Garmin charge extra for their maps where there are solutions like MapMyRide.com that do it better for far less money or even free.  Plus with MapMyRide or Google their maps are updated more often than Garmin.Aside from the high initial price and extra cost of the maps the last downside is the Garmin Training Center software, frankly the software sucks in my opinion and this is the weakest link to the package.  So I'm using TrainingPeaks WKO+ ([...]) to track my workouts.
I am not tech savvy, so I have not used all the features.  I use this GPS everyday on my bike and I do love it.
I have had mine for just over 2 weeks now. I have explored most of it's capabilities. Had to call tech support twice,so far. They are wonderful but the wait time is long. The first issue was a problem with my computer's drive letter assignment which they fixed for me remotely by taking control of my computer...very strange watching someone else control your computer.The second problem has not been resolved as of yet but, I'm sure it will be. It seems as though I've discovered a bug. When I created and scheduled workouts in Garmin Training Center and then download to my 705 the dates get offset by one day. That is to say the workout I have scheduled on the computer for tomorrow has been placed in todays schedule on the 705.They had me export my tcdatabase.tcx file to them as an attachment and they tried it in their 705. They got the same result. It is not a problem with the 605 however. They are not sure at this point if the problem is in the TC software or in the 705. If you have one,watch for an upgrade to resolve this problem.All in all...absolutely wonderful unit especially if one utilizes it's full capabilities. I'm having a blast with it!
I've been researching this product for personal purchase for a while.  Amazon says the List price is $709 for the bundle (The -40), but on Garmin's website they list the MSRP as $649.Edge 705, Heart Rate, Speed/Cadence & Data Card with Street Maps  010-00555-40  $ 649.99 USDCheck out Garmin's website before thinking you are going to save any money on this item at Amazon.  I've found it cheaper elsewhere and won't be buying it here.
I like the unit, but Garmin is just confounding.  The unit itself is nice.  Only missing feature, for me, is that it does not tell me the current temperature.  But I was blown away by all of the data that you can get from it.Oh yeah, there's so much data that I am disappointed in how limited the unit's views are.  They give me a standard data view, but you only get 1 page.  What I'd like is the ability to create 1 or more pages and then as I am riding I should be able to cycle between them.  You can already cycle between data / map / elevation - but I want multiple data pages (2 would do it for me).As for Garmin - man what a confusing mess.  They have so many software options (Base Camp, Training Center, Map Source, and website Garmin Connect).  But the biggest complaint I have is the maps.  I get that the maps are their bread and butter, but it is very confusing as to how and what to purchase, and in what form factor.  Also, very bummed that I have to spend $100 every time I want the map updated for the unit  (I have the Citi Nav North America SDcard as well as the Great Lakes 24K Topo card).All in all, however, I say thumbs-up.Oh, and I am using heart rate monitor and cadence sensor - all works goods.
I like it a lot.  The only thing I would like to change is the maps.  I use the Edge for biking.  The maps are not anywhere near detailed enough for biking on deserted back roads where bikers like to go to get away from traffic and concentrate on training.
I like the functions, but I am very disappointed in the installation.  Even after I adjusted it, the cadence unit can not be placed where the pedal magnet and the spoke magnet can both work.  If I move the unit to the position required by the pedal, the spoke magnet hits the sensor unit.  If I move the sensor so that the spoke magnet can pass without hitting, it is too far away for the pedal.The only thing that appears to be not working is cadence, but it is disappointing that it can't be installed correctly.
I really like the Garmin Edge 705 GPS.  As a person who rides by himself, using this along with the virtual partner pushes me a little harder.  The Edge also answered my questions of "what is the pitch on that climb?".  Very cool, I highly recommend.  I like being able to transfer to all my bikes. A few things I would change, longer battery life.  Life is around 3.5 hours.  I have been in races longer than that and would like to have the info the whole time, perhaps 8 hour life. Also, a kit to attach to your indoor trainer with cadence (you have to be an soldering whiz to accomplish this now).
I've had my 705 for about 3 weeks and have used it on over 400 miles of bike training.  It's a great bike computer - very easy to setup, lots of data available, but only the data you decide to have on each screen.  The GPS and in-unit maps are great.  Installation is also easy since the sensor is wireless.The Garmin Training Center software (Windows version in my case) is okay, but appears to have only basic integration with the 705 so far.  GTC is a separate, but free, download from the Garmin site.  Hopefully future versions will provide more/better 705 integration.Something to watch out for as it isn't mentioned in the 705 docs or on the Garmin site, if you buy the 705 with the map card, those detailed maps will only be available in the 705, not in GTC.  If you want detailed maps in GTC, you have to buy a PC/Mac version of the very same maps you have on the 705.  That's another $100-130 on top of the $600-700 you just spent on the 705.  Why?  Ask Garmin.
I'm using this neat little adapter with my MacBook Pro to drive a 1280x1024 LCD.  It needs a separate (free) driver for OS X (available here: [...]), but it works like a charm.  The updates are not as fast as a real display, so it's not good for video.  But for programming, word processing, e-mail and web surfing it's great.And I really love having 2 external monitors!
It seemed a great value and was what I needed to flush mount my GPS on my boat.  Thanks
The case's fit on 4.3 inch GPS unit is just perfect. It provides good protection with a chic look of my Magellan 1200. Also the smell of new leather is just great!!
Ok, short sweet and to the point.I got this case for my Garmin nuvi 660 (which by the way I also love!!! Garmin n&uuml;vi 660 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator). I wanted something a little more secure than the little "sleeve" that it came with, and the shaped leather, and magnetic closing flap of this one fit the bill perfectly. At the time I ordered my Garmin from Amazon.com, there was a special where I could get this case for just [...]. So glad I did!Summary? LOVE the case, would totally recommend it to anyone and everyone! Why 4 out of 5 stars? Because even though it's awesome, $20 is still too much in my opinion for a case...any case. But hey, if the price doesn't scare you off, then go for it! I promise you won't regret it!
This case fits the Navigon 7100 perfectly which is what I would expect since this product is from Navigon.The item itself is made of hard leather with a very thin felt liner which wouldn't protect your GPS from damage if it fell onto hard concrete.  This is more of a carrying case to be packed into something else.The magnetic closure is nice but there was no ring for a strap on the case I received -- would have been useful in that the hard leather is smooth and a little slippery.At full price the case would be too expensive for my taste.  At 2/3 the price it's just right.  At 1/3 the price buy two to stock up.
Leaving electronics such as cell phones and GPS units, or any of their accessories, visible inside your vehicle when you leave the car is asking for trouble.  ANY sign that devices like these are present should be fully hidden from view.  For safe concealment of a GPS a well designed case is essential for protecting the GPS from scratches and other damage while stored.  This well built case fulfills that need.
Perfect fit. Could probably use a clip or strap for belt or over the shoulder.
This product is pretty good for protecting larger GPS Units. However it is an overkill for my GARMIN Nuvi 650. If you don't intend to carry your unit with you other than driving.  It is a very good protection for storing it in the cramped glove compartment or center console.  But it you intend to take it along while you are hiking or biking, you'll be better off with a more compact case.As a product the quality is very good and it looks quite durable.  I expect it will outlive my GPS.I suggest comparing the dimensions of your unit to the case measurements as, I later found out, there are more suitable ones.
Well it's a very, very sensitive receiver. Size is good function is good. On/off switch is a bit cheesy and easy to accidentally turn on and off.Documentation is marginal and weak but can be worked out. Software (you can update it although mine came with a new disk taped to the back of the package).Definitely better functionality obtained by using the classic format. It does everything the other reviewer said it won't.At about $60 it's a good bargin at a $100 not so good..I'd reccmd it for geotagging photos.
The unit and software are really great.  They work as advertised, integrate with Google maps VERY easily.  My only negative about the unit is this: The GPS unit will move in the battery cradle when bumped, causing the unit not to work. (In daylight you will not notice that the glowing around the unit is not there) causing you to NOT record because the unit is off.  A "click type" fastener or something other than friction would be very helpful. Next negative is the company, not the unit.  I have tried to register the unit on the company website, and tried to contact them using the "contact us" on their webpage.  I have yet to receive any contact since the purchase, completely unresponsive.
I was looking/hoping for a GPS that would look like a drive and that my photo down load software (Downloader Pro) would see and integrate the GPS data.  This unit does not work that way.Other than that it works great!  I keep the battery charged and when I take off to photograph, turn the GPS unit on.  When I get back I plug in the Trips and Pics and use the software to save the data in the Trips and Pics format and then again in GPX format.  I then copy the GPX format file to the CF card from my camera.My camera is a Canon 40D and I shoot in RAW.  I use Downloader Pro to rename the RAW files and integrate the GPS data as well as convert a copy to DNG.  That process works great and I now have GPS data included in both the CR2 sidecar file and the converted DNG file.  When I use Lightroom 2 to export to JPEG the GPS data in in the JPEG file also.I'll get a different GPS dohicky someday (or a camera that includes GPS) that saves the above steps but for now I am very pleased with the Trips and Pics and would recommend it to anyone in the same situation.I have not used the included software to add GPS data to JPEG files or much else other than converting the Trips and Pics format data to GPX.  It works great for that.
I bought this unit brand new in January 2008 for half of the price it is right now used. Voice recognition lacked but other wise everything was great on this unit. Got traded in when I sold the car. Now looking to get a Avic z120BT
The case offers good protection, light weight and is compact.  I  bought a TomTom 920 and all of its accessories it ships with fit nicely inside the case.  However the pouches don't fit the TomTom well.  You can force it into the largest case and it will go, just not easily and of course it is more difficult to get out of the case.  That said, for the price I am please with it and the dealer's service....
Case is nice looking only thing I miss is a sturdy strap to carry it.Otherwise very nice .
A good hard case, but a bit small.  I can barely fit everything in it.  Other problem - the metal piece on the front doesn't go through TSA security too well!
It was all that was advertised, both good and not so good. It suited my purposes perfectly.All that you have to do is read independent reviews to make an informed choice--this was a GOOD choice!
This case high quality - just not matched for larger screen 920.  Must "jury-rig" to fit.
This is the very first GPS I have had. Was looking for an affordable GPS to use for a road trip (Texas to Washington DC and back). Have no complaints. A couple of times it took a bit of time to acquire satellite connection. Accurate routing and ETA. Quick recalculation. Speaks very clear though at full volume it has a little distortion, but not too bad.great view on screen. Zooms in and out automatically when approaching turns. Maybe here is the only problem if you are looking at the screen 'cause when zooming in for the turn the map looses the broader view and sometimes you end up right on top of the street or exit you have to take.overall very good product for the price, 80 bucks after mail in rebate at Staples store.if you are looking for something simple and cheap this is the one. Definetily would recommend...///
There's a firmware update for those experiencing the perpetual "Waiting for GPS Signal" with no location ever being plotted.  It's on the support website at:[...]I was getting signal from up to 8 satellites (only 4 required) and it still wouldn't plot me on the map.  After the firmware update, it's working again like before.  I've had the unit for about 3 months now and it just started acting up a few days ago, otherwise I've had no complaints about it.  It's a great buy.
The Omnitech GPS was a great unit until this morning when I could not get a satelite position at all.  According to a few different websites this is a known problem and the manufacturer is working on a fix and it should supposedly be ready by the end of the week.