I bought this on sale for around $10, if memory serves.  Works as expected.  A backlight is sometimes wished for, but I find that the car's dome light makes the reading ascertainable.  If you do a lot of night driving, you should consider a different compass -- one with a backlight.
I don't understand all the negative comments about this good product. It is a CAR compass, not an airplane. All we need is a general direction, not accuracy to one degree. It works fine and does what it's supposed to do. No, I don't have any financial interest in the company, just a happy customer.
Works very well - - easy to setup -- Price was right!
Works great...I have it attached to my motorcycle and love it.  Very simple to set up and start using, acurate and with the auto shut off, very practical.
Perfect. Dont expect to screw it to your boat.
Although designed for use in a car, I thought I'd try this on my boat and it's performed like a champ.I stuck it next to the hatch on my sailboat to hold my GPS76Cx in sight and the adhesive has held up for two years(!) so far outside in the sun, rain and cold.The only quibble is that the ratchets to hold the GPS in place (upright) are a little weak, but that's really OK - if it gets bumped (very likely when jumping around the cockpit changing tack) it moves out of the way and flops over but the GPS unit has NEVER fallen out - no matter how hard the bump.My use of this is a little &#34;off the path&#34; but if it can withstand being outside on a boat, it will work really well inside a car!
uthis product help you to have yours hand freeduring a trip in your boatalso to secure the gps in the stand for more view
Works as advertised. I mounted it so that the GPS was in good view.It can be adjusted and positioned any way that suits the user.Easy to slip GPS in and out even when using the Cigarette lighter adapter.
This product works great! hold GPS firmly and securely to the dashboard, even traveling off road! It adjusts well for viewing by anyone in the vehicle. The dashboard in my van is very flat, which I think helps in how well this product works.Amazon however was very disappointing, the web site claimed it was in stock and would ship within 24-48 hours, it did not ship for over two (2) weeks!
I USED THE TEMPORARY ADHESIVE PATCH ON MY DASHBOARD. I HAVE TRAVELED OVER GRAVEL MOUNTAIN BACK ROADS AT 5-15MPH WITH AN F250 4X4, WHICH HAS A PRETTY STIFF RIDE. THE 76S DID ALOT OF VIBRATING, BUT NEVER LOST IT'S LOCKED IN POSITION ON THE MOUNT. SEEMS TO WORK PRETTY WELL FOR THE MONTH THAT I HAVE HAD IT.
This unit was a great purchase. I am able to drive down the road and keep an eye on the GPS. The GPS unit is very tall so make sure you install the the base unit is far enough away so it is not a distraction yet close enough to see the screen. The base comes with two types of mounting pads. One is permanent, the other is movable. The moveable pad is like 'Fun Tack', the area and the mounting pad must be warm enough for it to stick. Do Not 'Armor All' the surface as it will not stick. I have moved the pad about six times and now I have to use velcrow. I also use this on my boat.
Purchased for my Son-in-law.  He fishes multiple times each week, and he said this enabled him to fish from any part of the boat when fishing alone.
I hardly ever used the GPS in my vehicle until I bought this, great addition, holds well and use it almost daily, no complaints, easy removal of GPS as well easy install, definatly worth the small investment
I bought the auto mount to use with my Garmin 76. I have it attached to my vertical dashboard with the removable adhesive and it works just fine. It holds the Garmin securely and the notch in the back allows the auto charger to be plugged in to the Garmin so the Garmin can run with the backlight on and not run down the batteries.
I have been using this mount for almost a year and I love it!!!!However........ The previous review is correct -- the sticky stuff Garmin provides for the dashboard needs to be tossed out with the packaging.  Don't even bother with it.. throw it away.I have mine attached to my dashboard with two large "3M Command Strips" and that works GREAT!!!  I have had no problem at all since I switched over to the 3M strips which are available almost everywhere.  If you can't find a package of the large strips, the medium ones work too, but you need to use three of them.(plus - 3M strips won't leave a mark on the dashboard if you decide to mount your GPS in a friend's car for the day)This last time I moved the mount in my van with the 3M strips was over 3 months ago and it is still holding strong with no slipping at all.... try it!!!I love the veratility of this mount.  Much better than the old "stick to the windshield" type I used before.  I can get it to any angle I want to avoid glare or to make it easier to read.  I also love the fact that it is easy to get the GPS in and out in a hurry if you are taking it with you.. you don't have to fumble around and take the mount apart just to get your unit out.This mount is quite sturdy, easy to adjust and does the job well.... nice!
I bought this compass as a gift for my brother.  When it arrived, I couldn't resist opening it and trying it out.  I loved it instantly.  It is so cool to be able to get your direction, altitude, temperature and weather predition anytime you want.  I ended up keeping the compass for myself.
I have been looking for all of these functions in a cycling computor but to no avail.  So when I saw this I figured I would at least be satisfied when restricted to my car.  It's all it says but a bit big for my bikes.  PNI please make something like this for the cycling world!
If you have a C340, this works very well and you don't have to leave the bag in your vehicle. You can take the whole unit with you when you leave your car.  Very pleased!!
I bought this as a mount for my new TomTom 3rd gen GPS.  One issue with the TomTom setup is that the connectors are on the bottom.  Therefore, you can't put the velcro strip on the bottom of the unit like with the Garmin that this was made for.  However, I stuck the velcro strip on the suction cup mount that comes with the TomTom.  It works great!  This way, I can transfer the device between vehicles easily, and there is no hint to would be car thieves that a GPS might be hiding inside.  I throw the bean bag and TomTom mount into the glove compartment and the TomTom in my pocket.  No fuss.  No mess.  This mount seems to take corners and stopping well as long as you have it put in the right place on the dash.
Works fine for taking from car to car stays in place very well.
I bought an earlier model of the bean bag mount by Garmin. Mine is black and has four distinct lobes instead of being more circular. I have a plastic mount in my primary car and wanted a temporary mount for when I rented a car. The bean bag mount has a non-skid under-surface and is filled with heavy pellets. I have used the mount on three different car dashboards and the center console of a Ford Econoline. It easily conformed to the various shapes and has never slipped. It is an excellent temporary mount. It adds some weight to your carry-on luggage, but the weight is what contributes to its function.
I find this type of mount very convinent. I have two vehicles and interchange the Nuvi to either one without having to undo something. Also, you don't have something glued to your dash that you can't remove.  I find it very, very stable and it has almost infinite adjustment. I would buy another one in a heart beat.
Love this product.  my suction cup kept falling off of the window, and didn't want to use anything with a suction cup, so this works great.  Just place in on my dash when I need to use it and it stays in place through all twists, turns and stops.
Honestly I did not think it would stay on the dash of my car while I was driving with the GPS mounted to it, but it works.  I was surprised.
Too simple to use , no holes in the dash. works great!Stays put when corning, accelerating and braking
The bean bag mount is amazingly secure on the dast, even with relatively aggressive maneuvering. It will slide forward under heavy braking with a fairly steeply sloped dashboard, but generally keeps the unit steady under much heavier G forces than you have any right to expect.
when I was in Las Vegas, my niece had one of these and I admired it so I checked amazon.com and found one that wasn't right.  I returned it with NO PROBLEMS and checked my numbers to reorder.  It came promptly.Ilove this Bean Bag.  It does not slip and leaves no evidence on the dash board as it fits comfortable in the storage bin.  It's quick and easy and can be placed in any position to make it totally functional and visible.I would recommend this product and already have.  it solves the concern about visible items in cars that lead to theft.
This product will take you anywhere without fear. Just put on the dash, enter an address and go, its that easy.A little pricey but worth the cost
We purchased the Garmin Nuvi 660 because we wanted a portable device that could be used in rental cars in addition to our personal vehicle.  We knew we'd have problems with the windshield suction cup mount because of the intense heat from our southern Arizona sun, so we decided the friction mount made more sense in our situation.We're very pleased with it.  The mount does not move from its perch on the dash, even in sharp turns and abrupt stops. The Nuvi clips on and off the mount easily so the GPS can be stored in its case.  It certainly makes a lot of sense in hot, sunny climates like ours.
I already have one and liked it so much I bought one for my husbands Garmin GPS also.
I bought it after SHE lost the original suction cup - hopefully this is too big to be left behind.So, it's big, but not bulky. You need the automotive mount, because this is JUST the base. But once you get both it stays put rain or shine. Sudden accelerations or breaks, it doesn't slide or topple over.It's hard to see from the picture, but the mount is like a centerpiece the auto-mount's rod slides into, with four "sandbags" on four sides. These provide the weight and are flexible so that the mount can be placed a surface of virtually any shape without shifting. The bottom of the mount is made of some material that provides high friction when placed on the dashboard material.It's also much easier to move around and conceal if you don't want to advertise your Nuvi's presence...
As you'd expect, this unit does exactly what you'd expect of it, no more, no less...BUT...MAKE SURE YOU ORDER THE BEANBAG SPECIFIC TO YOUR GARMIN. These are not interchangeable. I suggest you go to the Garmin website and make sure you are ordering the correct model Beanbag for your GPS unit.When our beanbag arrived, the mount included with our StreetPilot c550 would not fit. I had read a review by another poster who said Garmin provided him with the proper mount at no charge.I went to the Garmin site and submitted an email stating my mount wouldn't fit. After three days, when I didn't get a reply, I called their 800 number. The woman who responded was fairly snippy, telling me I should have purchased the beanbag directly from Garmin (price was 25% higher than Amazon) and suggested I return my beanbag to Amazon and order the proper one on the site.Amazon issued a return authorization immediately (as usual...even crediting me for my return freight charges!) and as soon as I returned it, got a response to my initial Garmin email, from a very nice, supportive gentleman in customer service, who told me a replacement mount was being sent to me free of charge.Draw your own conclusion...or better yet, just take the time to make sure you're ordering the right unit.
I got the Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Christmas.  My husband originally used the sort that has a suction cup for his and this is much better.  We both use these now.  I like the fact that it stays where I put it and when I park in a public place I can easily move it out of sight.  No obvious sign that I have a navigation system in my car.Buy this. You won't be disappointed.
This mounting system has worked flawlessly, no problems shifting on the dash and it is heavy enough to hold even on hard turns.  I like this mount as I change cars frequently in my job and this makes it easy to move from car to car without having to stick a mount to the windshield.
I bought this so that I could use my Garmin Nuvi 660 in my second car.  It is very sturdy and stays put.  I had to buy the automotive mount to go with it (I agree with other reviewers that Garmin should package these together).  In any case, I am very pleased with the mount.
I was having a lot of difficulty with the holder that came with the original Garmin. It kept falling off the dashboard or window nad kept hitting my legs. I stopped using it entirely because of this problem. This friction mount is great. I bought 2 of them and recommended one to my friend and she bought one. We all  think it is great. Glad I found it.
One reviewer talks about this mount sliding off the dash during 'hard' cornering...well, it should! This is not a Nascar mount. I have owned both a Streetpilot III+ and a Streetpilot 2620 and used the beanbag mount exclusively with both units. I have never had to 'baby' the throttle or steering wheel while driving and I find this to be a relatively secure mount. The friction base is up to the task if you are driving normally, and bumps in the road have never presented a problem for either of my units; but these units are not nearly as light as some of the newer ones and would logically be less likely to jostle around than a featherweight. My job requires me to do a lot of driving (in excess of 30,000 miles per year), so I have plenty of opportunities to find faults with my gps or its mounting system. If the mount had been giving me trouble I would have abandoned it a long time ago. I still have the stick-on dash mounts that came with my units, but will never soil my dashboard by sticking them on because the beanbag works so well. Incidentally, I just ordered a Garmin 7200 with 7" screen and you know which mount I'll be using with it...!!!
Many reviewers have commented how they have to buy an additional mount (the stick down mount) in order to use this item. That's because this is not a full dashboard mount. This part is listed by Garmin as the >>replacement&lt;&lt; beanbag for dashboard mount part#010-10908-00, which includes both the beanbag AND the (removable) bracket arm, OR as a supplement to the stick down mount. Right now, part#010-10908-00 is listed as not available on Amazon.So, only buy this part if a)you already bought the full dash mount and need/want a second beanbag (second car?) or b)have the stick down mount for one car and prefer a beanbag for a second car (my situation).NOTE: since they sell the full dashboard mount to replace the in-the-box suction cup mount, you need the latching bracket from the box to go on the end of the bracket arm. If you buy the stick down mount, it comes with a latching bracket.
Awesome seller, item was in great condition, BUT item not made for all garmins... this is for older type Garmins I was told at the store, so I have yet to find someone with a garmin to fit in it.  I was very pleased with the way service was though, fast, easy. I do recommend this seller.
The garmin beanbag is just great. You can take down and put it away when not in use. I think this item works alot better then the one that goes on the window. I recommend this to everyone.
This makes it so easy to move from vehicle to vehicle when travelling and doesn't leave marks on the window like the suction cup mounts.  It holds to the dash without sliding around; it isn't too heavy to pick up and move and it holds the Garmin securely.  I love this product and recommend it hightly for anyone with a Garmin.
I ordered this as a replacement for a more expensive base that did not include the mount. This was half the price and ready to use. Am 100% satisfied.
I have a GPS V that I really like and this is one of the best add-ons for it or any Garmin GPS.The GPS V comes with the required mounting bracket, and other models do too, but if not, you need to make sure you get it along with this.This friction mount is relatively small but stays well on all dashboards I've used it on. It's pretty flat so it travels well in a suitcase or carry-on bag. It allows you to position the unit in the most appropriate spot in the vehicle and then using the clap attached to the GPS, adjust the angle of the display so it's optimal.Detaching and re-attaching the clamped unit with the friction mount couldn't be easier. For such a small and inexpensive add-on, I couldn't ask for more.
This Portable Friction Mount used with the Garmin Automotive Mount(Sold Separately) is perfect for multiple car households. It fits on the dash of my Ford F350 when I am pulling my fifthwheel on vacations and also in my VW New Beetle for my daily commuting. It grips the dashboard and stays put through hard cornering and sudden stops.
This friction mount works great, but it requires the separate purchase of an automotive mount in order to use it.  The combined cost can be pricey, but it does work well.
I formerly placed my Garmin Nuvi on my front window below my rear-view mirror.  The suction cup would eventually break loose and my Garmin would fall to the floor.This beanbag is perfect for stability and ease-of-placement on my Prius' dashboard.  My Nuvi is as solidly planted as if it were permanently placed there.  Sudden stops or turns doesn't displace this beanbag.For a fantastic alternative to the suction cup, this beanbag is perfect.Make sure that you have the Garmin Automotive Mount for Nuvi (010-10723-04).
Works great. Easy to attach the GPS and easy to memove it. Stays in place when set down on the dash. Highly recommended.
This is a great accessory to have with the Nuvi mount.  It stay secure on your dashboard for easy access.  This friction mount is easyier and cleaner to use than the suction cup mount.
The holder that came with the GPS is the suction cup that has to be stuck on the wind shield or a smooth surface.  The problem is that the suction cup was black plastic that after some time it will get dry and stop working.  That's why I bought this one.  You can put it anywhere - on the dashboard on the chair next to you.  The good thing is that it solve the problem, I have only one setback, it is a bit chunck!
I purchased a Nuvi for our delivery trucks. The included suction cup soon became useless after a few months from constant changing of vehicles. Thanks to a purchase suggestion from Amazon, I discovered the friction mount. It is perfect, if the Nuvi must be used frequently in several vehicles, or simply removed from a vehicle often to prevent theft.
Does not fit Garmin c580. The mount on the Garmin is to big. Garmon sent me a replacement mount. Great product if you need to use it in several cars. Also easy to hide from view when car is parked.
This is a great portable mount.  It keeps our GPS safe, and allows us to move it from rig to rig.
Even though I was skeptical that this mount would not stay in place I didn't want a permanent mount for my GPS.  So far during sharp cornering the GPS has stayed in place and I have no complaints.  It is really nice to be able to remove from dash when I leave the car to avoid attracting thefts.  I can also move from vehicle to vehicle easily.  Now my only question is how long the rubber will last and will dirt affect it's ability.
We often fly and rent cars.  This allows us to bring our GPS along and just sit it on any dash.  Also our state does not allow the GPS to be attached to the windsheild.  This is excellent because it is not attached to anything.
This didn't fit my Garmin 660, but after contacting Garmin, it turned out that I didn't receive all the needed Garmin parts. They sent them to me, and NOW this beanbag works just beautifully. It slides NOWHERE, which is a relief from holding my breath with the other mounting ideas I tried. It sits anywhere you place it securely!
For anyone who uses their Nuvi in multiple vehicles, this is a wonderful accessory. I have used mine in a 4X4 pickup and the family car for the last seven months. It has NEVER slid from its position on the dash. You folks who cite this "problem" are cornering too fast for public roads (a common problem in my humble opinion) and ought to keep everyone's safety in mind.One can easily insert and remove the Nuvi (for theft prevention) while the mount remains in the vehicle. If you attach the DC charger to the mount, charging begins automatically whenever you insert the GPS.I really like the fact that I don't have to worry about a suction cup failing or adhesives leaving marks on my dash. If you share this concern and drive responsibly, you will love the friction mount. The only thing better than having this unit would be having one for each vehicle. Hey! I'm glad I just thought of that.
This "bean bag" type mount is a major improvement over the Windshield suction cup mount that came with my Nuvi 660. The suction cup mount always had the habit of falling off the windshield, most frequently during cold weather. It's amazing that I didn't have a wreck as my natural reflex was to save the Nuvi! The friction mount is stable providing confidence that your high dollar Garmin will stay in place. The friction mount provides a great alternative to placing a permanent mount on the dash. It can be easily moved to different dashboard locations depending on your preference. Plus it is easily moved between vehicles. Overall, this is a great solution that I highly recommend.
THIS IS JUST WHAT I WANTED AND IT SERVES MY PURPOSE VERY WELL. HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE FROM AMAZON WEB SITE.
The Friction Mount is just what I needed for my Garmin GPS unit.  It works great on different surfaces. I use it on my Motor Home and my Tow car
I bought this for my Nuvi 350 because Minnesota does not allow a windshield mount. It works great. It stays secure on the dash except for the bounciest of roads or the quickest of stops... Even then it moves very little. It turns out now that it is extremely easy to move between the compamy car and my personal vehicles.The Nuvi snaps in and out easily with the puch of a button.
I bought a Nuvi 660 and within a few weeks the suction mount stopped working. I think the cold weather makes the rubber suction cup too brittle to hold.When you have $800 invested in a device the last thing you need is to have it falling off the windshield and bouncing to the floorboards!I bought the friction mount and it works like a charm.  I drive a mini-cooper and the friction mount stays put even around sharp turns.  The only other option out there is to buy a glue mount and attach it to your dash. I have no desire to glue anything to the dash of my car!As other reviewers mentioned this is great for moving from vehicle to vehicle.  One warning you will need to buy the  Garmin 010-10823-02 Automotive Mount to use this with your Nuvi.
GARMIN 010-10306-00 NON-SKID - MOUNT F/STPIII - GPS ACCESORIES - GARMIN INTERNATIONAL INC. - Model #010-10306-00Product send as expected.
The original beanbag I ordered was the wrong one, but this one works fine. I like it, although it isn't as large, soft and flexible as I had pictured in my mind. Very happy with the purchase however.  I use it with the Garmin 650, which I also enjoy!
Bought this for the Garmin 7200 (7-inch screen).  The Garmin 7200 comes with the back support that slides into this beanbag and locks.  I wondered if this item would be able to properly support the large size and weight of the 7200, but it works like a charm.  Placed it on the dash of a Ford Explorer and had no problems driving from Delaware to Indiana and even through the curvy mountain roads of West Virginia.
This is perfect for portability. I don't have any problem with it staying in place when turning. I use it on my boat and cars. It will sit on the console, as well as the dash, if you have about 8 Sq. in. of space. You do have to buy the Automotive Mounting Bracket that actually holds the GPS unit and slides into this Portable Friction Mount.
I use it with a Garmin StreetPilot 7200, which is a fairly large, even somewhat clunky GPS with a large 7-inch screen.  The screen does vibrate just a bit when going down the road, but nothing major.  I have it sitting on the dash of an Armada, inside a slightly crevassed area just to the right of my steering wheel/main console.  It sits perfectly, so I can see it with my bi-focal sunglasses and still clearly see the road. I have had no problems with it sliding off or tipping.  It has a locking mechanism at the bottom, which I cannot slide over to lock the mount connection because the Garmin GPS is already wedged so tightly into the beanbag mount; no big deal though...doubt I would use it anyway, I don't see the need since it fits so securely without it. It is a well-made beanbag mount that I think will last a while and I got it for a great price here on Amazon.
As long as there are products like this available to hold the portable GPS units I would never pay the price for a built in GPS on a car as an accessory. Fits anywhere,stays in place.
Does exactly as advertised.  Never had to baby it to make it stay still as it takes sharp turns. Great Product.
I bought this item so I would have some portability with my GPS V Deluxe.  After having it for a couple of weeks now and using it every single day in three different vehicles, I must say that I am very satisfied.  As stated in the description, the mount has four bean-filled "wings" that act as weights and stabilizers for the mount.  The bottom of the mount has a grippy rubberized/neoprene type lining that acts as a high-friction material for the dashboard.  The internal structure of the mount (including the bean-filled "wing bags") is made of some type of flat metal. This metal "core" enables you to gently mold or form part of the mount to accomodate drastic contours of a dash.I have used this in a Chevy truck, Ford Explorer and a Chevy car without any issues whatsoever.  I have never had the unit slide, even a little, during cornering or acceleration.  I don't know how it would do in a high performance car with a wild driver, but it does just fine with normal everyday driving for me.The mount comes out of the box ready to use.  The plastic mount for the GPS unit is already attached and you simply use your existing car mount (which should be already attached to your GPS) and pop the GPS on there.  This mount is identical to the dash mount that comes with GPS units, only that this mount is attached to a weighted friction pad and bean-filled bags.I highly recommend.
This is a handy device.  The Nuvi can be attached and removed very simply.  When it is attached, it is held firmly in place.  It is very easy to adjust the Nuvi to various angles.  Nice non-skid surface on the bottom.Note: You absolutely must have the 010-10723-04 Automotive Mount in order to use this.  The two items together add up to a fairly expensive choice, but it does do exactly what it should.
This stand does a great job of holding the GPS stand and GPS where you put it.  Within reason, it stays wherever it will fit.
I bought nuvi 660 and I did not find good device that will mount my GPS to the dashboard. Since I am in California I cannot make use of windshield. The adhesive disk did not even stick it for a minute. I tried both permanent and temporary adhesive disk, no use of those in my Lincoln LS car. I was searching for a good mount and this friction based bean bag mount came to my view and the reviews really impressed me to try this.Now I can say that this is the best easy and convenient method of dashboard mount for nuvi 660.I like it and recommend it for nuvi660 dashboard mount.
This is an awesome product.  It is convenient to use, does not slide on the dash and is easily put away so that sticky finger don't get to it.
I have the 7200 Street Pilot with the 7" screen.  The mount that came with this unit was for dash only, and it used adhesive for this purpose.  I later had to pull the mount off when I needed to move the unit temporarily to another vehicle, and I cringed as I peeled it off, hoping I wouldn't damage the dashboard.The problem is in the past now with this beanbag mount.  It works very well, even with this relatively large unit 7200 unit.  I saw some reviews that said the beanbag would slide in some cases.  My beanbag unit's friction is so good that it NEVER slides, but if my vehicle pitches wildly, such as on a rutty road, the beanbag mount will tip over.  This is rarely a problem since one would not normally be navigating on such a road surface.I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BEANBAG MOUNT
This friction (bean bag) mount is much easier to use than the windshield suction mount that comes with the Nuvi.  Be sure to purchase the accompanying mount that is necessary to use with the bean bag.  I wish it had come with the Nuvi originally.  It is a much easier mount to use.
It took a fair amount of reading to figure out what I needed to get my new Map60CSX to work on the car.  A product line that looked like a solution was not longer available and I couldn't find a picture showing the adaptor was separate from the mount (which was alluded to in some descriptions, but poorly explained).This works great.  The footprint is small, but when I have the unit in place, it doesn't budge.  This will get used for highway travel, so no issues with off road bumps and such.
I find the Garmin Friction Mount perfect for holding my GPS steady wherever I set it, on my dash or counsel.
The product is good choice if you use multi vehicles and need to change out the GPS system.
Great product. Holds GPS when it is in use and easily stores out of sight when it is not needed.
It's simple, but it works. I wanted something that I didn't have to mount to the windshield so that the GPS would be easy to use and then put away without leaving a mess on the windshield. This is a mount set into a sandbag weighted  base that keeps the GPS in position on the dash. I would buy this again and recommend it fully.
This is simple device but it's well thought out and and works very well to hold the GPS in a convenient position. The standard permanent-mount base wouldn't fit properly on my dash in the position for best visibility of the GPS but the flexible base of the friction mount solves that problem perfectly. It's nice to know I can take it with me when I'm in a rental car, as well. Very happy with the purchase.
D.A. Wolfe below is absolutely incorrect.  This thing does not shift at all.  I have no idea what he means by he has to "baby it around corners."This is a great mount and keeps the unit from sliding in all situations.  I do off roading and it still doesn't move.  I have a Nuvi 360 and use it in a Tacoma.  It truly rocks and is easy to remove and keep in my console with GPS still attached when not in use.
I use this bag with the streetpilot 7200 and it works great. though the weight of the huge 7200 sometimes moves the bag a little but not to the point the bag slides or the GPS falls over.
This product works exactly as advertised.  I mounted my Nuvi 360 to it using the Automotive Mount.  So far, I have used the friction mount in three different vehicles, two of them trucks.  With some rather rough roads and sharp turns, the mount has not slipped or moved from it placed position.  It's quick to remove the Nuvi from the mount and take it with you. The friction mount is designed to stay fixed on a lot of surfaces with different shapes.  I can't imagine a situation in a vehicle where a user could not find a satifactory place to set it for viewing the GPS while driving.  I hightly recommend this product.  I just wish that Garmin would see fit to include it with units which need a vehicle mount.  Having to buy the automotive mount as well as the friction mount is a pain after paying big bucks for the GPS unit.
We love this product, you must have get the Garmin Automotive Mount for Nuvi (010-10723-04)also.  We purchased the Garmin Nuvi 350 Pocket Vehicle GPS Navigator and Personal Travel Assistant and the mount works wonderful.  We love the GPS also, it is just wonderful.  I really don't have anything bad to said about it.  My brother-in-law purchase the same GPS and he love his also.
It's a great mount but I ordered it as a package deal with a model Nuvi 350 GPS and it won't work with that model.... returned it!!Have used this item elsewhere and they work great, just make sure it'll fit your model !
This item should be sold in the stores when you buy your NUVI.  I could not use the suction cup on my windshield so I scoured the web and found this item.  It works great.  It stays on the dashboard with no slippage and it is very easy to detach the nuvi so you can take it with you when you leave the car.
I have a nissan maxima and the dashboard mount can't firmly stick to the dashboard. I dropped the GPS a couple of times when I took sharp turns.
This is a must have for any Garmin/Mio C310x owner.  I purchased this to replace a crappy suction cup mount for my Mio C310x.  Following some simple instructions I was able to use my existing mount piece and connect it to the bean bag mount.  So now I have a fully adjustable, compact, and easily movable mount for my GPS.  Heavy in weight and won't slide around.  I would recommend making sure the dashboard is clear of any dust or even invest in one of those jelly sticky pads they sell at Walmart for extra friction to ensure 0 slidage.
This mount really does stay in place.  I drive somewhat agressively at times, and the GPS stays put.
This works perfectly.  The unit is easy to connect and remove from the base.  The base stays put on the dash board.
This product works great but it would help if someone told you that you had to also buy the dash mount that attaches to the friction mount.  Once you have both pieces it works great at holding your C550 in place while allowing you to move it around.
The stand works great if you buy the other stand and use them together.  Make's it pretty expensive but it works.
Works well.  Allows me to use the Nuvi in two different cars without permanent mounts on the dash.  It sits on top of the dashboard and since I don't make 5 G turns it holds very nicely.
I purchased one of these mounts and I have found it invaluable.  I don't know of anyone that would be disappointed with this purchase.  They make mounting very easy, quick, and convenient.  With this you can move your GPS from one car to another seamlessly.  No need to destroy your dash with a permanent mount.  I have heard some people say that this mount slides across their dash.  I have not been able to reproduce that at all (and believe me I tried).  Don't hesitate to purchase one of these mounts if you have a Garmin GPS!
All in a small package. The outside temperature is amazingly accurate, and when adjusted properly, the magnetic heading is within a few degrees.  The altimeter function is always accurate to within a few hundred feet.  While towing a trailer, it helps to know if you are climbing or descending.  Hard to drive without it.  I have two, one in each of my trucks.
MY husband is very satisfied with this item 100% recommended,Trusted Seller very prompt on communication and fast shipping! Seller and Item Is Excellent.
The face of the Wayfinder is large enough that you can easily view it.  The feature that we like the best is the altitude reading.  It was interesting to  compare the altitude reading on the Wayfinder to actual locations as we traveled.
The PNI Wayfinder helps me drive safely by showing me the direction I am traveling on the compass-so I make fewer direction errors. The temperature gauge is helpful when the weather turns cold by alerting me to the possibility of ice conditions-helpful in the Pacific Northwest winters.
We received this item very quickly.  It was exactly what we ordered
It is NOT a USB cable, it's a USB device with a computer and a RS232 serial port in it!  All inside that box with 3 LED's in it.I started importing and selling that cable in the USA in the year 2000.  The market for a USB-serial adapter was small because back then most computers had a serial "COM" port, remember? It was that 9 pin "D" shaped plug in the back.  USB was still new and many computers did not have a USB bus.  And in addition to all that, the darn things didn't work very well!The first few I had would often crash Windows 98 with a blue screen of death.  We had better luck with Windows 2000, but no luck with ME.  But the real problem for me was it didn't work with Mapsource 3.8 - the main software product of Garmin - who was and still is the best GPS company on earth, growing faster than a brush fire ( I bought some stock at $18!), who we worked 24/7/365 to help support - just for fun.  But that's another story.  OK, so I sent 2 units to Garmin and to my surprise they were interested in it because some of the new laptops had NO SERIAL port!  And there was NO WAY to add one except via the PCMCIA slot (at $250) or via the USB bus!  Now you can't buy a laptop with a serial port that I know of!  Everyday someone calls me and says: "Larry I bought a new laptop and guess what ... it has no serial port!"So, thanks to me, they (Garmin) actually adjusted/modified Mapsource to work with my adapter and came out with Ver 4.0!  It's made by MCT (a contract manufacture in Taiwan, two blocks away from Garmin Taiwan).  To help my customers connect their Garmin GPS's I've purchased over 18,800 of these USB to serial adapters from MCT and now have them made in my companys color, Purple!  AND we have friends (Pfrancs) located in 10 countries who stock these and support them.Yes $50 is high, however, maybe Garmin is too busy makeing the best GPS's - and doesn't have time (or interest) in making serial ports.  A USB-serial adapter is a very good way to add a RS-232 serial port to a computer - especially a laptop!  Like I said, the only other way is via the PCMCIA slot --- go price them!But, be careful because there are lots of other USB-serial adapters being sold out there and they are not all the same. There are many different chip's and drivers and countless versions over the years and countless problems.  Also, be careful to not get one of the old ones that look the same on the outside.  You want hardware ver (2.4).  Current serial #'s are 0504SP....USB is not serial, it's a tiered star hub network running at 12+ megabaud.  The good old "serial" we've had for 40 years is not going away, but serial ports are -- so sooner or later you will probably run into this issue and will be forced to learn what a USB to Serial adapter is, how to install one, how to configure and use it, what can go wrong, and how to fix it or know who to call and maybe hope it's purple.Until then, go ahead and take the blue pill and be happy.If you do run into problems just Google two words: usb serialmybest,larry,
The adapter cable was shipped promptly, works well with Windows Vista. With Vista, I didn't have to use the supplied CD; I plugged it into my computer and Vista set it up with no problems.
The Uniden WHAM Wirelss Microphone was easy to install and sync with my Uniden Oceanus VHF radio as per the directions provided. I have used it to communicate with several bridge-tenders in our area and all test communications report back that the voice and sound quality is excellent. I highly recommend it and continue to enjoying the convenience of a hand-held wireless mic giving me access from my helm (or anywhere on my boat), to all the features of my VHF mounted at my Nav station. This is easily stored below in its supplied charging case/holder, out of the elements, without the hassle and liability of a plug and socket in the cockpit to corrode, as most other brands of wired remote Mics will eventually do. Love it.
Perfect for my boat. It's now hardwired so I don't have to buy batteries every time we go out. Also, it allows my VHF (through NEMA) have my GPS postion to display and transmit. Works as expected.
This item was precisely what I wanted.  It works as intended.  Blah.  Blah.  Blah.  This is stupid.  I think I will stop doing reviews for Amazon.
This is a great accessory for my hand held GPS.  I have power from my boat and the location data is linked to my Cobra marine radio.  As a result, I don't have to worry about running out of battery and my VHF radio can transmit my location in case of an emergency.
Good acquisition. Usefull and convenient. I reccomend it to be used with your GPSMAP 76CSx or similar.
The cord is exactly what I orderd and delivery was fast.I could not find this cord anywhere and at a great price.
Good product works very well with my Garmin 76CSx; no loss of power for some weird reason
We use this item  ever time we use our Garmin GPS. It eliminates the suction cup on the window mount, which never holds, or the permanent mount which can not be removed. When we no longer need it we just put it the glove compartment till the next time.
I am a seasoned runner, averaging 3 to 4 marathons a year and when a friend of mine recommended I check out the Forerunner, I was thoroughly amazed.One of my biggest challenges is going out too fast at the beginning of a race. I always seem to get caught up in the moment and race my first couple of miles even though I know better. By using the Virtual Partner, I was able to maintain a realistic start pace and hold it for the remaining 26.2! Needless to say, I crossed the finish line with a new PR.The unit does take some time to figure out, but nothing beats knowing what your actual time splits are per mile, especially on a long run.There are some cons, you can't run under a tree canopy, the unit will lose it's line of site with the satellites and there isn't a car charger for it, so if you decide to use it while you are out camping on the beach or something like that, you'll only have 13 hours of battery life.Regardless, I am not big on toys for running, but this device has really helped me train efficiently.
I bought this gadget about 2 weeks ago and I am obsessed with it. I run about 60 to 70 miles a week and I'm pretty much a hardcore runner whose been running for about 8 years and for years I use to battle with the distances of my runs until I discovered GPS.  I use to have the Timex GPS system which was totally bulky (the shoulder unit was 5.2 oz's and the watch was 2.7 oz's), but I put up with it until this small little gadget came out! Its just as precise as the Timex GPS unit but about 5 oz's lighter and smaller. I haven't lost a signal yet and don't really plan on loseing it either because with the Timex GPS unit I only lost signals 3 times in the 5 months I owned it, so I get pretty good signals were I run.The only bad thing about Forerunner is that I wish the strap was a little more flexable. I like to wear the Forerunner on my shoulder like the Timex GPS unit because I feel its more accurate there than on my wrist. The other problem was if I swung my arm to fast it would measure the pace my arm was swinging and the distance it was swinging. So I keep it on my shoulder because I feel its more accurate there since its more centered there than on my wrist. Another thing was the LogBook program you can download off the garmin site. I thought the program was helpful at putting down your workouts info but it just seems kind of plain and boring. Maybe if they added a distance chart, charting the mileage for everyweek. Somthing more...but it has nothing to do with the GPS unit, the unit is great!Overall its a work of art for us runners who need to know how fast and far they're running. Thanks Garmin! :)UPDATE (5/15/2004): So far so good! It has been about almost 3 months now and still the forerunner 201 has been reliable as any watch I've ever had. No complaints here...I sold my Timex GPS watch a few months ago for 50 bucks.UPDATE (8/16/2004): The Forerunner still works great. I recently read some reviews and I saw that people complain a lot about loss of signal. I haven't been losing much signal. I've lost a signal a few times but regained it back within' seconds. My runs have been measured with atleast 97% to 98% accuracy everyday. For example a 10 mile run was somtimes measured as 10.2 but that's only a 1 minuet difference. I still think that's better than going for a 2 hour run and GUESSING how much I ran. I'd rather know down to +/- 200meters how far i've ran.UPDATE (6/9/2005): Forerunner 201 still working great with 98% accuracy on my runs. I've let a few friends borrow it and they've had a hard time giving it back. :)  I also learned how to plot most of my runs on a map and it's accuracy is evident.  The only problem now is that the battery seems to drain faster when its in use.  But since lithium batteries have a life of about 2yrs I know that its life is probably falling short cause sofar I've had this device for about a year a 5 months. Overall I still give this device 5 stars.UPDATE (10/24/2006):  Well after losing my dependable Forerunner (FR) 201 I had to go out and buy a new one. I decided to up grade and buy a FR 305 since I had such good experiences w/the FR 201. Up to 5 months ago I had been just content with using my FR 201 but since I lost it I had to go out and buy a new one.  The FR 305 has met my expectations.  I had to turn in 2 though because I kept dropping them but REI just accepted them no questions asked and I got a BRAND NEW FR 305 each time. All 3 have worked great and its accuracy is evident on the maps. I get within 13 to 20 feet accuracy!! Which is exceptional and the mile markers are dead-on whenever I run on a marked course. I somtimes get some variances but they are usually pretty close. I usually run a little more to be sure I ran the distance I planned to run. Overall though I had a 5 star experience with the FR 201 and I'm still having 5 star experiences w/the new 305.
I bought this for my girlfriend.  She is a broke college student and she's training for the Chicago Marathon.  She had been running with a friend of hers for a while and loved that she could track her pace and distance with her friend's Garmin Forerunner.  I bought on for her for a gift and she continues to use it.  It lets her set goals and train to reach them.Take warning, this device only works outdoors.  It needs a clear view of the sky in order to track the GPS signals.Other than being expensive, I think it's a good way to stay motivated about running
The garmin is fantastic!  It a great training tool that I couldn't do without.  A watch is good, but who can calculate pace when you are running full-out.  The 201 is a little large on the wrist but a great value.  I've owned two and the first one I lost.
love this product.  Gives me my time, pace, and distance easily and accurately.  I hate technology but I could figure this out.  Love having running history available. Great value for the price.
I love my GARMIN!!  My brother-in-law has the more expensive version that does heart rate too, but after seeing mine...he thinks it might be more of what he's looking for.  I recommend it 100%!  I've already put over 200 miles in on it!
I bought the Garmin 201 on a whim the night before the Waves to Wine event in California Wine country.  It justified itself the very next day when a turn was poorly marked by the organizers.I have been riding with it three times a weeks since then and it is a terrific gadget.  Keep in mind that this is NOT a navigation tool.  You cannot download maps.  However it is ideal as a training aid.  As mentioned elsewhere, the altitude (and therefore the gradient information) is not nearly as accurate as the X,Y coordinates but this is true for all GPS units, including factory installed navigation systems in cars.The software that comes with the unit is ok but if you really want to maximize the value, look into the topo! software on the national geographic web site.  With this software, you can plan your route ahead of time and download way points into the GPS unit.  Also topo! will give you a much more accurate altitude information and you can obtain a profile of your ride.
After giving it a full charge, 3 hours, I took it out for a test drive.  For the first 30 minutes I could not pick up a signal in Miami.  I did a hard reset and it picked it up within 3 minutes.  Went for a 3 mile run around a local 9-hole golf course, heavily ligned with trees, and to my amazement never lost contact with the signal.  Was extremely accurate in measuring the distance and having a pace time allows you to really push yourself.  Backlight can be kep on during the whole run - great feature for night running - or 2, 1, .5, .25 minutes.  Much smaller than I expected.  Love the display.  Would recommend to anyone who runs, jogs, walks for exercise.
This is a great product.  The price was great and the shipping was great.  Thanks.
This is a great item for walking/running.  It calculates how fast and how far you went.  It also is rechargable which is great because you don't have to worry about replacing batteries.  It also has a lot of other features including one that notifies you if you drop down below a desired speed.  I would recommend this for anyone who is an avid walker/runner.
I recently bought the forerunner 201.  I chose this model mainly because I don't need the heartmonitor.  I now can't imagine running without it.  I have been on 2 mini vacations and I use it to measure distance and time of run.  It's great because I don't have a route while traveling but I still have a great run without the guess work.  I like to cross train too so it's so helpful with rollerblading, biking and hiking. I am currently working on my speed.  It tells me my miles per minute so I know how I am doing. Not a negative comment on this product!
What a great product!  I downloaded the newest software on the garmin site and have had no problems at all with the gps signal.  What a great device!  It is a must for both the casual and avid runner!  Very easy to use! Updated software is available online.
I have had my 201 for nearly 10 years now and it is still going strong. It will still hold up to 14 hours of battery charge. It was shelved for about 1.5 years due to leg surgeries occasionally used during that time for a bike ride. I upgraded to a 405 unit a couple of years ago and it is ready to go into the trash as it seems to be dead in the water. I bought the 405 unit because of the optional foot pod to use with my treadmill and indoor track. I loved the foot pod feature during the short time my 405 was working. The battery in the 405 would never hold much more than about 4 hours of charge in training mode (It was specified to hold up to 8 hours). I have recently reverted back to my trusty old 201 for long training runs and plan to use it in an upcoming marathon. I am thinking about replacing my 405 with a 310 XT to use with my foot pod and looking at the reviews on the 310 it seems that is on the same order as the old 201 as far as reliability. I plan to keep my old 201 unit as a back up as long as it keeps running.
I bought the Forerunner and have been using it for over 2 weeks now and I love it. First of all, amazon.com and it's shipping carrier were awesome because I received it promptly and in good condition. As for the 201, the mileage is right on, not officially certified, but SUV miles meter "certified". I love the auto pause/resume and pace alert features. The only thing missing from making this perfect would be a heart rate monitor, but the pace alert almost acts like that to keep you within your pace/rate. I am running my first marathon,the Los Angeles Marathon next year. I am very excited and the Forerunner 201 "inspires" me to run and finish those 26 miles and 385 yards and maybe even do better than expected.
I run about 50-miles a week and have used the Timex S&D; watch for about 2-3 years now. I really liked that, but the Forerunner is a much better tool. It's lighter, has a bigger display, and the data download is excellent. There *is* logbook software, and it's just OK. I use TrainingPeaks anyway.This stands out because of its size (one-piece) and download/upload. You use this in conjunction with MotionBased Software (free) or another provider. You upload your workouts (very simple) and it will Literally overlay your run on a number of different types of maps: Topo, Street, Satellite, etc. It's incredible. I couldn't believe how accurate this was on a satellite map of my town. It was absolutely amazing.For workout data junkies, you can click anywhere on your route and see your speed, the time, and it even includes weather conditions that it downloads from the nearest weather station. So, you automatically save routes for future use. It's excellent.POSITIVES:Lightweight, data download, large numbers, versatile display and data functions, L-ION BATTERY that lasts forever (Timex requires rechargable batteries). As accurate as any other GPS device... except with this one, if it misreads (sometimes these things mysteriously add distance to your workout), you can look at the map or data download and see where things went wrong and correct with an estimate.-Automatic lap timer (you can set it to lap at a certain distance, so you don't have to... I set it for every mile or at a certain interval)NEGATIVES:The serial port connection is a drawback, workaround: Go to Radio Shack and buy a USB-to-Serial Connector and it's a piece of cake. No big deal. Interval timer and some other features are a nice idea but relatively useless for those who do those in the middle of a workout. Buttons take some getting used-to. They're all along the bottom, but they thought enough to raise the Start/Stop and Lap buttons so that they can be pressed without looking.It ain't perfect, but DANG it's close. It's the best thing I've seen, but it OCCASIONALLY will screw up the data in a small section of a run, usually after a lot of turnarounds.
I have had my ForeRunner 201 for about four days and already I cannot do without it.  It's very easy to use, is perfect size for wearing on the wrist and very accurate.  If you are looking for a full funtioning running device, this is the one to get.  The only negative is the free software is not very powerful but I use a different online journal anyway.
This is probably the best thing made for runners since the heart rate monitor.  The first time I used it I used it for cross country skiing and it was great!  Gave me my pace and accurate distances!  I'm anxious to try the software - wish it was available before Feb. - and I can't wait for the snow to melt so I can use it running on trails!  I'd definitely recommend it!
I just got my new Garmin Forerunner in the mail and I already love it.  I have run a few times with it so far and it's so accurate.  I have many routes around my house that I run and have run them since I bought this and it's pretty much right on the button, give or take a 10th of a mile or so...I am so happy I bought it. I  want to train for another marathon this summer so this will be so great to have for my long runs!I haven't really looked at all it can do yet but so far I am really happy with it.
I have now used this for 2 long runs.  After reading the CNET review about possible spotty GPS signal, I was pleasantly suprised.  I had no problems during the entire run, even running under trees.  Training assistant feature was great.  The GPS downloads into the free forerunner logbook software to keep excellent track of your daily runs.  During my last run I got to talk to two others who own this device, and they too, reported excellent signal coverage.
I got this little gadget as a Christmas present and after a month of use, I have to say I'm thoroughly pleased. The GPS system mounts on your wrist and provides near real-time feedback on your pace (min/mile), along with distance and time traveled. History is kept on each run and provides calories burned and other workout summaries. The device can hold a great deal of data, but can also sync to your PC for long-term storage. There are also enhanced features like a training partner that you can set as a pacer, mapping feature to trace your way back home and more. While I mainly use this as a training device for running, it can also be used for other sports such as biking, rowing, etc.I have to say, though, while running with this on one arm and the iPod-mini on the other, I feel a bit like the bionic man.
I absolutely love the Garmin Forerunner.  A group of us are starting to train for a mini-marathon this summer and living in the country we were running but had no idea how far or fast we were going.  Now we can keep track of our distance, pace, improvement in both and the amount of calories burned!!  A brilliant training tool
I have been running for about a year and now it is a little nicer with my Garmin Forerunner 201.  I use to have to get in my car and clock my course to know how far I went.  It is nice to know I don't have to do that any more.  It is nice to know what my average pace is for training.  It is nice to know what my best pace is.  It is nice to know that I can keep track of all my training information and check my progress when ever I want.  This was the best investment I have made for my running.  I thought it might be nice for you to know.
The Garwin Forerunner 201 is a great GPS training device.  However, it does take a few minutes to sync with the satelites when you turn it on.  You will find it useful in training and you can download the software to download the training information from the GPS to your computer for free from the Garwin site.  A great product and Amazon's price is more competitive than the retail stores!
The forerunner 201 works well and has allowed me to keep track of my workouts. I should have had one along time ago.
I've owned this for 3 years and have used it hundreds of times under extreme conditions in Iraq and Djibouti.  This is one tough product that has endured the elements.  Works great.  Highly recommended.
This is the third Garmin I have, and I use it for run, when I ride the car or travel and also when I sail. And after I have a log for every place I was and also I can import in Google Earth to see the tracks.
This was a gift for my husband who does a lot of running. He loves it. This is more for an exercise enthusiast, not a casual runner
Pros:1. It weighs only 75g.2. The interface is intutive and the LCD screen (with backlight) is large to read .3. The user can setup the custom page to display the desired info at his choice (calories, speed, elevation, ...).4. It has the map mode to help you navigate.5. Able to upload the history data back to PC for analysis.Cons:1. The AC adapter is bulky.2. The wirst strap is hard to remove from the device.3. The software for logging is not ready yet.4. Only for outdoors. :)Overall, I give it 9 out of 10. Another product with quality from Garmin.
I purchased the 201 with a little angst becus of the awkward shape. I took it out for a couple of runs an reall love it. I previoly owned a timex GPS system and the two pieces were quite annoying. I run ultramarathons, triathlons, etc. and keepin tack of mileage is key. The only downfall is the serial port adapter. I am not sure what Garmin was thinking but it is easily taken care of by ordering the KEYSPAN USB to SERIAL ADAPTER.
This gps watch does exactly what it promises. I love it and use it on every run. Great value! Get one.
I love this watch. It has improved my running so much.  I work harder to beat my time but I love it. I would never have thought I would work so hard to keep my pace. IT is excellent. And, battery life is great too.
I love the Garmin Forerunner.  It's one of the best little equipment I've bought for my marathon training.  I'd feel blind if I didn't have it on.  Makes running myself all the more interesting.  I highly recommend any runner to run w/ this little gezmo.
It's great having children who are gainfully employed.Last Father's Day the three of them presented me with this great toy to aid me with my running habit of more than 40 years.  The Forerunner 201 has a variety of helpful tracking, monitoring, and navigational features. The History function enables me to view your workout statistics broken down by individual laps, days, cumulative weeks, or your entire workout historyIt even provides a map of my route. I can even save "waypoints" or locations to mark the coordinates of a place to which you want to return.The large display is large and easy-to-read.  I can even view it without my glasses, which I never wear while running.  A rechargeable lithium-ion battery charge easily lasts the promised 14 hours out of the.As a runner who usually runs alone, I love the "Virtual Partner."  It enables me to set goals for each of my workouts.  I then compete with a digital character displayed on the Forerunner's screen. I can then see visually track how far off the time, pace, or distance I am compared to my virtual training buddy.  My digital character even stops when I do.The software is great.  It provides a visual record of my all my recorded workouts.Over the years I have tried most of the running gizmos and been disappointed.  Not so with the Forerunner.  This is great.  If you are in the market for a running watch, spring for this model.  You will not be disappointed.
I was considering buying the Forerunner 201 or the competing Timex Bodylink system. After purchasing the Garmin and running with it for two weeks, I am glad I purchased the Garmin unit. This is basically due to the mapping feature. I am training for a marthon and like to try new trails a lot. I have a tendency to get lost around lakes with many trails, but the map feature finally allows me to find my way back to where I started. This may not be a big selling point to some people who run in the same place all the time, but if you are considering the Timex unit, the map feature does not exist on it.The software is easy to use (download from Garmin's website). There are some crazy data points, from when you lose signal, but overall, the distances and pace times seem accurate. The wild data points don't matter to me as I am simply interested in my lap pace (which seems very accurate) and overall pace and time.The unit is very light and not at all a hassle to wear. The nylon wrist-band does get soaked in the Dallas, TX heat, but I hardly notice until I take it off. I have very small wrists (I'm 5ft 6in and 130 lbs) and don't find it to be bulky for a run. You won't want to wear it as a watch.The fact that you can update software from the website into the unit is great (I don't believe the Timex unit does that). Overall, this is a great alternative to the Timex unit (if you don't want a heart rate monitor), which is much cheapter. Cost wasn't a big issue for me, but after purchasing the unit, the mapping unit sold me and keeps me from getting lost.
Since knowledge is power and the Forerunner 201 is full of information, I am now running with power.Look, this is the best thing to hit the market for a runner since shoes.  I can finally start and stop running anytime and anywhere without the dreaded &quot;how far have I gone, guess I'll hop in the car and check&quot;.  I no longer drive around to get distance information, ever.  Not to mention, I can't drive on half the places I wanted to run and wouldn't run those places because I couldn't drive it to determine how far I was running.  I've heard others complain of GPS signal strength and I did have a problem once, but I was running about 1 foot away from a 15 ft wall and on the other side were 2 story townhomes about 30 feet away with huge trees overhead, so I think the GPS works fine.  It took about 3 minutes to get a signal after I opened the box and charged it up.  I can't imagine why you would not buy this other than you don't exercise.  My wife commented that she couldn't believe all the features it had and the information it provided for the price, and she is not an easy sale.  No comment on bike problems that people have had. Garmin has been great with software updates.  The logbook could have more options but that is no reason to not have this.  I LOVE IT!
I purchased this product over a year ago, and have found it to be very good.  I use the "real time" pace quite often while I run and have found it to be quite accurate and reliable most of the time.  I also like the way that you can download directly to the software and manage your run data, as I am a data junkie.  This maintains your running log without the hassle having to manually write things down.  The only complaint I have, and it is relatively minor, but it does take a significant amount of time to initially lock on to satellites some days.  Once locked on, however, I have found it to maintain that lock fairly well, although I typically run in areas where I have a pretty clear view of the sky.  I would recommend this product to anybody who does not want to make the jump to the more expensive Forerunner 205.
My daughter bought this for me in 2004. I still love it. It is a great motivator to get out to walk. Helps to see how I am doing. I decide if I want to go further & longer. The virtal trainer is another good motivator as I try to stay up with "it". I highly recommend it. I wear it whenever I go out. Even take it when I go out, in case, I want to add more miles to my day. Better than any pedometer.
This is the second Forerunner 201 I have purchased and have been delighted with them both. As a keen but amateur runner the precision measuring of the distance of my running routes off road and in inaccessible places is superb. I use it in the British Virgin Islands in the hills and island pathways and the GPS never fails me. It's a terrific running partner and motivation tool. My only annoyance is it not having a USB link to my computer. The serial port connection cable is not user friendly to many new laptops and so I cannot use it to it's fullest extent. I think it's great value for money.
The device is as advertised. It took a couple of days to get use to and learn and play with all features it has but you can tell it was designed with the runner and biker in mind.  I havn't really had any problems with weak signals while running yet and it seems to be very accurate.  One of the coolest things you can do with it is use a free program called USAPhotoMaps to overlay satellite photographs of exactly where you ran.  I could see the sidewalk I was running on and where i crossed the road!  Although the device itself is great the software that comes with it could be enhanced greatly. It allows you to export runs to XML but does not allow you to import runs from XML!  So if you clear your forerunner history you have no way of getting the data back into the forerunner logbook.  Also the altitude graphs seemed way off, I ran along a flat stretch near a river but it has my altitude changing greatly.  Overall though I don't think I could run again without it.
I run ultras and I've been searching for this kind of tracking device for a long time! Its simple and easy to use.  The battery life is great.  Don't let the size intimidate you.  It fits well and did not take me any time to get used to.  The display is surprisingly easy to read and highlights what I care about most - time/distance/pace.  I've got a much more expensive GPS that sits in my closet.  This little baby, however, won't leave my wrist when heading out on the trails of Colorado.
I bought the Garmin Forerunner to help with my training for police testings. To my surprise, this gadget has really helped in my endeavors. The greatest part is being able to look back on the progress you have made with your training. I have had the garmin forerunner for two weeks now and have run every day with it. I love the fact that i can race against a "virtual" racer to help with my times. Another nice part of it, is that it tells what my pace is as well as if im behind or ahead of where i want to be. If you dont care about pace, you can switch to a custom page and you can see how many calories burned instead. After my runs, i come and load up what i have just accomplished on the computer. With the PC software, i can see everything from the map i just ran to the elevation and grade of the track. Everything is broken down to the second. The Garmin Forerunner GPS was so accurate, it showed me running in a little cultasac in my neighborhood. Yes, its a little bit of a pricey toy BUT, it is well worth it!
I have used the Forerunner for a month and am very impressed with it. It worked great out of the box, is as accurate enough for us humans.I see a lot of complaints about lost signals and other minor problems in the reviews. GPS is not perfect, except the Forerunner for what it is (A GREAT TRAINING TOOL ).I plan to keep mine,next to shoes and H.R. monitor its got to be the best thing I've ever seen for running.Just got back from Nassau and the only thing I had to do was change the time zone. Cant wait to try it on trails.The only complaint I have is the Serial Port conector, guess I&quot;ll just have to put out 10 bucks for another adapter.
Now and then you get a product that does exactly the job you need it to, and gives more than you expect.  The Forerunner 201 is one such product.  It is so light (&lt;3oz), small, and simple and intuitive to use; one button to press when I start at that's it!  It allows me to train for my marathon anywhere I want to and keep track of every aspect of my performance much more easily that if I were at the track.Some small negatives: PC software not yet available, serial adapter rather than USB, not suitable for swimming, and no car charger either in the package or as an accessory.But the design is perfection - Garmin have resisted add features that would have no value for runners.  One example of being delighted was being warned on the way back that I had a sharp turn coming up - how do they do that!!!It is the perfect gift for outdoor runners &amp; cyclists.
After using my Forerunner on a few runs, I checked the user's manual for the physical specs. It works down to -4 degrees and is waterproof. Great! Time to try it out on the snowboard slopes.During four days at Big Sky, the Forerunner proved to be a lot of fun. How fast am I going? No kidding: 31 miles per hour!? What's the altitude at the end of this lift? 10414 feet!? How steep is this slope? 32 degrees?!My only complaint is that the downloaded software is really meant for running, not for snowboarding. I would have liked to seen a close-up graph of my altitude changing over time, and another graph of the slope over time. (And a built-in MP3 player would be nice as well!)But the Forerunner does work great on the slopes.
At first, disappointment.  Not able to acquire GPS signal.  Garmin tech support closed on weekends--another disappointment.  Note to Garmin: add instructions in the owners manual to aid users in resetting the device.However, after I learned how to reset the Forerunner (thanks to Darren Wall's review) I was able to quickly get up and running.The GPS, Virtual Partner, and automatic logging of my runs will ensure this thing will be on my wrist for every run.I run hills, and the Forerunner monitors elevation and grade.  Distance is extremely accurate.I'm a little disappointed that Garmin pushed the release date back for the logbook software (now Feb. 2004)Overall: Excellent!
I purchased this personal trainer primarily to keep track of distances I run and it has helped increase my run times.  The virtual partner tool helps motivate my to run harder and if you dont want to use that, you can use the interval tool which helps just as much.  This is a great investment for runner's or bikers.
It's great to be able to know excate pace and mileage.
I received my Garmin as a birthday present and the only gadget I love more is my iPod mini.  The Garmin seemed a little bulky at first by the velcro strap makes it easy to adjust and after 2 long runs of 6 miles each I found the size to be fine.  It's great having the pace and actual miles while running and the large display is nice to have.  I looked at the Nike system about a year ago and returned 2 units that basically fell apart.  I was also looking at the Timex unit with the HRM and, even as a gadget person, was wary of having 3 pieces to keep track of.  The Garmin is all in one, does was what does very well, and when my run is over I wear a normal watch.  I can't say enough about how cool it is to be able to add extra routes to a run on the fly and know the distance and pace.  Garmin has taken on Timex and Nike and WON!
I love it...great to have a virtual partner and great for traveling.  I never have a set route so this allows me flexibility in running in different locations yet keeping up with a training schedule.
An excellent investment for outdoor fitness buffs.  Enables runners/walkers to try different routes on a regular basis without having to guess your distance.  The history feature tracks your progress if you are working on endurance or speed.  When traveling I can just run a straight road for half of my desired distance and then turn around and come back, no more worrying about getting lost.
My wife bought me the Garmin Forerunner 201 for my birthday -- and it has been a great present.  For a long distance runner like me (30 to 50 miles per week), this GPS timing watch is a great asset.  And, for just over a hundred dollars, it has proven its worth.  It has great memory to store my run times and mile splits, and it is surprisingly not heavy (I would call it moderately light).  My only complaint is that its instantaneous pace calculation (x minutes per mile) seems to bounce around during a run (even though I know my pace is fairly constant), although the pace over a given run and the mile split paces seem to be very accurate.  Overall, a very good purchase and an even better gift for someone who takes his/her running seriously.
Just received the 201 today. Charged it up, about 3 hours as per the manual, during which time I read over the manual. Turned it on, took it out in the yard to allow it time to "lock on" to satellites, took about 15 minutes (manual said 15-30), this is only required on it's initial out of the box lock on, afterwards it only takes about a minute or so. Played around with it a bit and then felt ready for a ride. Mounted it on the bike mount I had already received a couple days earlier (very well designed mount, easy snap off and secure, but I use the wrist strap to snug it even more) and headed out for a "test ride". Too cool, this little device is gonna make my bike rides even more fun, especially rides in unknown areas like parks and forests, or anywhere I am unfamilier with. I will be able to ride anywhere I please with little or no regard to where I'm going, just ride and enjoy. Time to get back, this is where this baby really shines, the "back to start" feature. Laying so called bread crumbs as you go, the Hansel and Gretel technique :-) What really impressed me was it's ability to "see thru" my zig zag route that I purposely created. The large arrow to the right of the map, a side bar, showed me the SHORTEST way back, not retracing my original route turn by turn, WOW!!! Of course the other features are very nice, marking map locations and saving them for later "goto", you can save upto 100 of these and name them whatever you want. I also liked the Logbook software that loads your workouts in to your PC for history and charting, very nice. If I didn't already have a heart monitor, I would have gone with the 301.As far as accuracy goes it is right on, matches my bikes computer distance exactly, short rides and long rides alike. You folks having trouble with accuracy, guess what, it's all based on satellites, which are wayyyyyyy up in the sky :-) and if it can't "see" them, no signal, not too tough to figure out! And the guy complaining about low graphics quality, it's a little man running, looks fine to me, even bends over for a rest when you stop lol, if you're looking for high res graphics, go play with your play station.Just a side note, day 2I again tested out the SHORTEST route "back to start" today. Looks as though it does this but only after alerting you to an upcoming turn that would take you back the full route you initially came. A quick glace at the map itself tells you you don't need to make such a turn and the arrow quickly follows suit and recovers.
I've had very positive results with this unit. Like similar devices it's not perfect, but it provides unique features only GPS can provide.I use this for inline skating and I have to be careful to always give the antenna a clear view of the sky. As many others have said, that's a requirement for all GPS receivers. Also, I'd like to have a dedicated lap button that is easy to find without having to look at the unit. The Forerunner Logbook software is certainly better than nothing (no additional cost), but it's very limited in it's current iteration. Battery life has been as advertised and the 3 hour recharge time is convenient.All in all, this has been very reliable and has largely delivered what it promised. There are a lot of features in this relatively small unit.If you can accommodate the specialized requirements of a wearable GPS receiver, you will no doubt find this a useful and fun tool.
As a distance runner, it is very helpful while training. It tells me the distance I've ran as well as the time by minutes and seconds. It's got the backlight for hours of darkness and is very easy to read while running. I really have nothing bad to say about this product. I would recommend this for anyone who is serious about fitness. NEOSOUL06
One great thing about running is that you can do it during travel as well. Before I owned a Forerunner, the only drawbacks were that I didn't know how far I was going and (sometimes) I couldn't find the way back...The wristmount GPS allows you to track how far you are going and will let you find the way back. After using the device, I even vary the trails I am chosing at home - adding a lot of fun to running in discovering new places.The 14 hr recharchable battery life is suffient for one week of workout, and the precision of the device is sufficiently good (I sometimes run in the woods, where it works remarkably good, given that the wrist is not exactly the optimal place for a GPS antenna [a hat mounted antenna would be great ;-)]). Its also nice to get a precise readout for altitude, so it's great for hiking.After powerup, it may take up to a few minutes to track satellites (depending how far you went after the last switch off), a good opportunity for a prerun stretch.The software that comes with it logs the time, length, ground track and altitude profile of your last run. This is ok, but I hope future updates will also record the latitude/longitude andprovide better editing capabilities.All in all, a great gizmo that is worth much more than it costs.
I had some problems with this unit at first.  It could not find any satellite signal.  I contacted Garmin and was told to reset the unit.  While the unit is off, you hold down the mode button and press and release the power button.  Once the unit was reset, it acquired a signal within a few minutes.I went on a five-mile run and the unit was amazing.  I did not lose signal once.  It gave me my time, pace, distance ran, calories burned, and average pace.  I am extremely impressed with this unit.I am looking forward to the release of the software that will allow me to track all of my running statistics.  The Forerunner adds a new dimension to running.I now highly recommend it.
I enjoy running, but I also enjoy knowing the distance I run.  I get bored running the same route.  This nifty little device allows me to measure my distance and run where ever the trail takes me.  I haven't used it on a business trip yet, but I can see the obvious benefits.  I purchased a USB to serial adaptor for my computer (I have no clue why the good folks at Garmin don't put this out with USB instead of serial???) downloaded the updated software and it works like a charm.  This thing ranks right up there with the iPod on the neat little things to improve life scale.  I'm free to follow the path less traveled and yet still know how long of trail it is!!
This is a great unit for tracking all outdoor activites.  The ability to overlay your track onto a map is really handy when reviewing trails ventured off road.
I run about 15~20 miles a week.  Most of them on the road and dirt trails/woods.  Reception can be poor when I'm in the woods, but I haven't had too much problem.  It's so nice to know how fast and long I'm running when I'm running.  Using this, I mapped out several run routes (10+ different routes from 3 miles to 12 miles) for my running group, and we use the map and the measured distances to choose and vary our run routes every day.If you run or bike irregularly shaped routes and want to know how your time is improving (or not), this is a worthwhile investment.
The product was described as 'New" and it was. It came in it's original packaging and all papers were included. It came within the time stated and works great! Thanks so much!
The Forerunner was the best product that I have purchased in a while.  I just completed my first marathon 3 weeks ago and during my training I was having a very difficult time judging distance and pace because I was traveling every week.  With the Forerunner, I was able to keep accurate track of actual miles run and pace, which was key to understanding my progress.I've never had a problem getting a satellite signal.  One of the nice surprises has been the "Training Center" software which you can download all of your runs into.  This shows elevation, pace, speed, and time for every part of your race.  Using this, you can see where you are starting to slow down, or what pace you are keeping when you are running hills.I've heard that the distance isn't precisely accurate, but since I am a 'middle of the pack' runner I wasn't that concerned about +/- a tenth of a mile.
This is an amazing tool for any distance runner.  Keep the firmware up to date and you'll have amazing results.  Running with the Forerunner 201 on every run has allow me to run more efficient, consistent, and faster than ever before.  The Training Assistant keeps your long runs from getting boring and fuels your competitive fire - I only wished the little dude had to run the same hills I do.
This has been one of my greatest purchases ever.  This very easily tracks my mileage, speed, pace, etc.  It is simple to use and uploads to my computer with ease.I wish the software gave me greater options for analyzing and planning future runs but even as it stands it is good.The wristmount unit is not heavy or cumbersome to run with and I love it.
The Garmin Forerunner 201 has a great $/usefullness ratio.  My wife and I run about 30 miles weekly, our runs are usually ~5 each.  This wristmounted GPS works great.  Using this unit for sprints or 400 meter walks around a running track is pointless due to the polling speed and +/- 50 foot accuracy of the unit. For actually running longer (.5+ miles at a time) it works fine.  An integrated pacing tool tells you if you are on track with a predetermined pace.Of course, if you are running in tunnels, under heavy foliage, or in dense fog the unit will temporarily loose contact with satellites (the same way a guided bomb would heading into a Baghdad sandstorm) and extraplote the unknown distance once it regains contact.  The downloadable software allows users to track and graph their pace in mph and minutes per mile over the course of their run.  The software will also produce a rough map of the run route (the map is rough, not overlayed with terrain, streets, etc.).A good device, as with anything, look for improvements by Garmin in the future.
I have used this product walking, jogging, skiing, and biking.  I am extremely happy with it and recommend it to others.  Garmin has come out with a newer model that includes a heart rate monitor.  I have a separate monitor now.  It would be handy not to have to wear a separate watch for that!
The Garmin Forerunner 201 is a great fitness tool.  I am a walker and this unit gives me an accurate distance covered versus using a pedometer.I like being able to download the data to my computer and keep track of my progress. My only minor complaint is the unit sometimes takes several minutes to orient to the GPS satellites after being turned on outside.
I recenty purchased the Forerunner 201 and have been very pleased with its performace and overall ease of use.  I've used it in both CA and Colordo and have yet to have any problems with getting and keeping a signal.  In fact, I've used it in my car and have no problems keeping the signal even on a cloudy snowy day.  Overall it has delivered on all the features it promises.  I read many of the reviews prior to purchasing and was somewhat concerned about the loss of signal that some others have experienced.  Needless to say I have not encountered that problem at all.  I have been an avid runner for 20+ years and this is truly a remarkable product for runners of all types!Happy running!
I got a Garmin Forerunner 201 last week and I love it.  Once the Forerunner has been configured and has determined its location from GPS satellites it constantly monitors the wearer's pace, distance run, elapsed time, average pace, and calories burned, plus a whole lot of other stuff.  Better yet, it retains a history of each run that is instantly reviewable.  I have been a runner for more than forty years and now wonder where a device like the Forerunner has been all my life.  Highly, highly recommended.
Works very well knowing the limitations of GPS technology in general.Even now in full summer with grown vegetation and full trees, I am somewhat surprised of how well it tracks distances.I have seen a very small difference between summer and winter along the same paths (approx. 1%)I have kept up with all the firmware updates put out by Garmin, which have been several over the last few months.I use it both for running and biking.Gus
Ok , Let me say this...I Love it. It works as said and even With the little cons ( No usb and First time hard reset to get a fix on satellites) This is a GREAT investment. I cant wait to run again so I can use it!  THANKS for this Great motivator!!  YAHOO!!
I use my forerunner everyday!  I couldn't have found a better deal anywhere else. Thanks Amazon!
I have had one of these for about a year now and don't know how I got along without it.  I use it for walking and hiking.  It has consistently worked well although it took a little time to get use to the settings.  I think the calorie estimate is high but that only makes you feel better about your work out.  While the mapping feature is primitive, it is fun and it will get you back home. I don't think you can go wrong with this gps.  My understanding is that the higher priced model offers no real benefit unless you fell the need for the heart rate monitor.
I've had my unit for several months, and I love it. I live outside of Cleveland, Oh. I use it every time I run in the Metroparks, or during my weekend 5K races, and I have found it to be extremely accurate. I have updated the internal software from Garmin's web site, and I use their software application on my laptop to log each of my runs. I especially like the virtual trainer option, and the ability to keep track of my running history. It has increased my running performance. If you are using it away from sky scrappers, you will love it! I highly recommend the unit, it is very easy to use!!!
As a collegiate track/cross country athlete (17 years old), I found the Garmin Forerunner 201 to be one of the most important things in my training.Before I got this, I was always surrounded by a ton of athletes who would train using these devices (or the 101/301), and still am. I was amazed by the features, but was thrown off by the price (again, i'm a broke college student). So with this in mind I used Google maps, and variatios of it to measure out my runs. This got very time consuming, not to mention inaccurate.So I buckled down and got it, and boy was I happy! It's like having a computer on your wrist. It has all the good stuff you read about(tells pace, distance, time, time of day, etc.) and many more. It logs your weekly and total mileage, so you don't have to sit and crunch numbers anymore. It also finds your average pace for the week. The training assistant is pretty neat to have, especially if you're doing intervals or track workouts, and can't remember all your times. You can also set it to tell you your pace and give an alert at whatever distance you want. The map mode isn't quite what I expected (I was looking for a full on city map), but it shows a trail of where you have ran for the total run, great to avoid getting lost.I can go on and on about how cool this little guy is, but that's boring, let's get to the flaws.Cons: WEEEEAAAAAKKK signal. If you like to run in a park with tall trees shadowing your every step, you won't get a very accurate measurement. I've read reviews where people say the signal gets lost behind tall buildings, but I live in the suburbs so i've never had any problems. If you go inside ANY building, you will lose the signal, and the device will continually annoy you with 'Weak GPS Signals' until you go out in the open again.After storing your run in the history, you can't navigate through the map mode very well, unless you upload your run into your computer. Which brings up another con; the software sucks. It's very user friendly, but only because it doesn't have much features. It displays a simple graph of your overall pace, time, and distance, and a map of your run. It also lists your total runs, but in a hard to navigate style. It would be much nicer if it came with a type of training log to personalize.And the serial port?!? I can't believe Garmin is forcing us to rely on a serial connection, when we are in the USB age. And the cable they provide you with just barely wraps around to the back of my computer.Of course, don't let these little annoyances stop you from getting this. It's a great tool, and I seriously recommend it. Rob a bank, collect cans, steal your little sister's piggy bank, do whatever it takes, this is a great product that will last a good while.
I've tested this item out on several occassions and the accuracy is perfect.  Works great and I have never had a problem in the few hundred miles I've used it on.
This is without doubt the most useful piece of running equipment (other than good shoes) that I have ever purchased.  Gone forever are the days of running tempo runs, intervals, and other routine workouts and finishing each run only to discover I had run too fast or too slowly.  The Forerunner 201 lets me train at the precise paces I have targeted for myself and if I want it too it can alert me audibly if I fall off the pace or exceed it all within ranges I preset before workouts.  It is very durable, water resistant, has no trouble tracking GPS in rainy/cloudy conditions, and the battery life is tremendous (15 hours running time on one charge, with charging taking only a few hours).  The Interval Partner feature allows me to set the pace/distance/time or any combination of those and then I race against my Forerunner partner, as the device tracks my position relative to my partner (i.e. how far ahead or behind I am).  The device stores over 1 year's worth of workout data, and an easy to use interface connects it to my PC for downloading the data to Forerunner Logbook software where I can analyze my workouts.  I travel a lot and this device is great because I can walk out the door of my hotel and start running, no need for premeasured courses or trails, as I always no how far I've run and the pace/total time.  It even prevents one from becoming lost, because you can backtrack the distance you run following the "back to start" feature.  Garmin is releasing a new version of the Forerunner on 2/13/06, and it promises to be even better (which is amazing considering how useful the 201 is).  I have owned the 201 for 4 years and I will be buying the new version simply because the 201 is such an easy to use runner's best friend.
If you always wonder how far you run and if your pace really slows down when you feel like you're dragging as you pass that beautiful oak tree on the corner, this is the device for you. It's big, but that means it's really easy to read. It's dorky, but who cares what you look like when you're at mile 11, anyway? Bottom line is that it's absolutely awesome!! When I finally decided that I would train for the NY Marathon in November, I needed inspiration. Unlike my sister who runs in Central Park,  and knows her distances and can just do splits with her watch, I like to vary my runs on the many farm roads and through the parks where I live in suburban NJ and really never know how far I go (I can only estimate with my watch).  Now I have the answer (and I am psyched because I run faster than I thought). The Forerunner has become my savior.  Now I know the exact distance of my loops and can plan my runs based on the needs of my training schedule. I can also kick things up a notch when my time is dragging. The download program is simple and keeps track of things for you. I really like the visual of the where you run.  I also keep an Excel sheet (because I am anal and want to include HRM data), but all the necessary running info comes from the Garmin. I have no problems accessing satellites where I live, even though I go through some seriously wooded areas. NYC is somewhat of a problem, especially spots in Central Park.  It stinks when you lose reception because then your numbers get a bit messed up. And it gets a bit frustrating.  So, if you plan to run in a big city, go to a shop and find out if there are problems.  I recommend wearing a wrist band underneath because it's not too comfortable without it.  If you like confirmation of your times and distances, and like electronic gadgets, this is the ultimate toy!! Happy running.
My wife gave me this for Christmas (I had asked for it). Have used it 2-3 times per week since and it works great. You don't have to have a set measured course laid out prior to a run/walk, just strap this GPS on and go. I wore it in the Phoenix Rock &amp; Roll marathon and it measured 26.2 miles exactly. The built in log and pc interface are also nice features. I've raved about it to all my running friends and several have ordered their own.
i totally love this garmin watch. i can easily monitor my time without breaking stride. i just love the big numbers on the screen.
I have 2 friends who have the 205 and I just cant see the reason to spend the extra $150 for it.  This tracks my time, pace & distance.  There are also several items like calories burned, fastest pace, etc.  I use coolrunnig.com to keep my running journal and have not used the software for the device.  If you are debating between the 2, get this one and save the use your savings to some new running shoes.
This product is great!  It makes it easy to know exactly how fast and how far I'm running as I train.  I'm following a training schedule, which is very specific about the distances and pace I'm supposed to run, and this tool makes it very easy.  I'm glad I purchased the one with the rechargeable battery.  The batteries only last a few days, so it's convenient to just be able to plug it in and recharge it.
The only drawback I found with the Forerunner is that it is a little bulky to wear on the wrist.  It comes packed with so many great features that one will quickly overlook the inconvenience of the size.  I attach it to my inline skates and I can tell how far, how long, how fast and where I have been.I found it great to calibrate the speedometer of my car as well as determining the average MPH and the distance to and from a location.  It has a memory (5000 laps)and history log that far exceeds any needs you will ever have.I promise you will never get lost using the navigation system.I saw the same device on sale at Target Stores for $149.  A bargain here when I bout it for $99 and well worth every penny.
I have had this unit for approx a month. Live in South Cal. Go hiking and running this unit. I love the way it tracks my speed and distannce with no problem. Then if I want to backtrack, it is great how it indicates a right turn or arriving at destination. The new software update which includes interval training is great - the countdown, for time, or distance,etc. Check it out! Oh, GPS signal has been great for me. Even when it says weak GPS signal it is still tracking and I live in a moutaneous area. Check it out.
I have the forerunner and have used it hiking and running. This is my second GPS device, my other GPS is a Magellan 330 MAP.I have read some of the previous reviews and I noticed a lot of whining about lost satellite reception under bridges, near big buildings and under tree cover (with or without leaves).This is a given with any consumer GPS device. You should not expect 100% reception of the satellite signal if you do not have a 100% view of a clear sky. In fact, if it is raining, foggy or very cloudy, the signal will be impaired.Given the above reality, is the Forerunner still a worthy tool as you traverse the planet? Absolutely! Sure, you won't have 100% accurate data on every run, but the Forerunner can still be valuable as a training tool. I would venture that most people do have a clear view of the sky on more than 80% of their outdoor activities. In those situations the Forerunner can help with pace, and show the way back to the start if you get disorientated...on a trail or in an unknown city or town!Today, 13 February 2004, Garmin released the free Logbook software for the Forerunner (version 2.1), I have reviewed the data on the Logbook and I am delighted with the information provided and the layout of the software. FYI, Garmin has also released version 3.0 of the Forerunner software. I suggest that you go to Garmin.com and update your software.In summary, I have been running since 1976, and the Forerunner is a very nice addition for a runner, hiker, cyclist or walker.  Get on out there!
I gave my non-technical wife the Garmnin Forerunner 201 as a gift last year with some reservation because she does not usually go for new gadgets (I am stll the only driver of HER Tivo).  However, she loved the Garmin.  With the Forerunner, she can walk a new route every day, and maintain an accurate record of how far she goes whether she changes paceor even stops for a rest. We don't usually connect it to the computer, but I had fun creating maps for her of the routes we took during a ski trip last spring.  We both highly recommend this product.
Now that the softwares available, I can write an accurate review.  I bought this back in January for my first marathon, which I'm doing on March 28.  This item has been an amazing tool for letting you know yourdistance, pace, altitude, etc.  It tells you everything you need to know about your run so that you can judge your performance.  I higly recommend this item, it makes runnning almost fun!
I have been following the reviews on this product for a number of months and have been hesitant to purchase. Other GPS units have issues as well (timex, etc). Regardless, i have known others who own and like the product so i purchased one as well.Initially, i did have a hard time picking up a signal but then reformatted to a default (has the unit moved) button and picked up a signal quickly. I have found the accuracy to be very good and when compared to other running partners with other brands of gps we are within .1 miles of each other with near identical paces.It is winter now with little tree cover so i cannot attest to what full foliage will do to the reception, so far so good.The unit is a little bulky when you first put it on but i adjusted to it withen minutes of the run.The garmin software on there website is good and easy to decipher.
It's still working after 5 years. I don't use it that much anymore as i don't jog/walk often. But it's still in great condition
i sent this product to my son serving in iraq.  he loves it, says it's the best training watch and monitor he has ever had.  based on his rave review, i will give it 5 stars.
The GPS was purchesed for our daughter who is at home for the summer from college. She has used it every day and just loves it! She is able to keep track of the miles that she has run along with enjoying the personnal trainer. Her pace has improved. Thanks for creating such a wonderful product.
I love this thing!  It is easy to use and makes me actually look forward to excercising!  I have been recommending it to all of my friends.  It is fun to be able to track results and keep track of my workouts.
Wow! I think I said that word probably 20 times during my first hike with my new Forerunner 201.  For those of you that do not run, this nifty unit works absolutely fine for walking or blazing down the trail at your local park.  It is lightweight and the wrist strap is easy to fasten to your arm.  The host of features and the customization available will ensure that you're seeing the data that interests you most.  This device will make you want to exercise and improve your health because it records details of each walk and enables you to track your progress.  Initial signal capture takes awhile so be patient.  On our recent hike, the unit never lost a signal and did an impressive job of charting our progress along the trail.  There's also a safety aspect to having the ability to &quot;go back&quot; to the start of your walk/hike or to any designated waypoint you've created.  I highly recommend this innovative product!!
I have been EXTREMELY happy with my Garmin 201 - although I really considered the Timex personal GPS.  I am VERY pleased that I chose Garmin instead due to the following factors:1. The number one reason was that we have several Garmin GPS instruments in our two airplanes - and I knew that Garmin was a leader in GPS technology. Timex is great with watches, but I knew that Garmin had more GPS experience.2. I didn't want to fumble with the two separate units that Timex offered - attaching one to my upper arm, etc. I wanted a unit that was relatively unobtrusive.3. Although the cost wasn't a factor, Timex IS over $100 more (for a bulkier unit).4. The free software from Garmin, which allows you to track your progress.5. It holds a charge for about 10-13 hrs!I LOVE this device!!  I was really concerned that it would not pick up the signal in the canyons where I do most of my hiking as there are a LOT of mountainous enclosures, etc. However, I figured that I could always return it if it didn't.  But, it comes through LOUD AND CLEAR.With hiking, a step counter has been useless. FINALLY, I know exactly how far I have hiked! (And the device seems to be right on target with some of the trails where the Forest Service has indicated distance.)Now only that, but the timer is in LARGE numbers and I don't have to stop to see how long I have been hiking.  It is really a light unit and I don't think it looks &quot;dorky&quot; at all to wear it. Those who DO notice it, think it looks &quot;sporty&quot; - like I am really into fitness. In fact,they wish that they had something to record their mileage!I'm on Weight Watchers right now and this is one of the BEST tools that you can buy. (Also, it doesn't take a ROCKET SCIENTIST to figure out!)  You will love this device.
I was looking for a GPS training/pedometer device to help me get in shape for a 1/2 marathon coming up. I checked at our local Sports Authority store and found this one for about $200. When I saw the same one on Amazon for just over $100 I got excited! I love this thing. It is easy to use, sets up training programs for you, and will even navigate you back to your starting location if you get lost on a run/walk. Yes it's great for walking as well as running. The model below this is not rechargeable which was a big selling factor. The model above this is the same but it has the heartrate monitor. This is an excellent buy and an excellent training tool. I highly recommend it.
I absolutely love my Forerunner and find that it's a must-have when running, second only to my running shoes!I am not a die-hard super competitive marathon runner, but I do some smaller, shorter races as well as run for fitness and recreation.  At first I was hesitant about the Forerunner, wondering if I would really get that much benefit from it.  After using it the first time, the hesitation was gone.  This product is great for any kind of runner, competitive or not.It works well when I run solo or with my daughter in the jogging stroller.  I've used it on my wrist and carried it in my hands, as well as attached it to the handlebar of the jogging stroller.  I've also used it in my home area of flat farmland, in the rolling hills of subdivisions and the country, and on vacation in a city.  Other than some areas where trees block the LOS, I can't complain.Another fun thing that I've done with the Forerunner is to take it when we went on vacation and mark points of interest.  For example, on our trip to San Antonio last summer, I marked the location of the Alamo and our hotel.  I also have my current house marked, as well as the houses of my parents and in-laws for use when I go running when visiting them.All in all, this is a great product and helpful training tool for runners.  As I've already mentioned, I can't imagine running without it!
Very cool tool for those who are trying to keeep fit and active. Great for people like me who don't like to walk or run with others because A) they slow you down, or B) you slow them down. The Virtual Partner mode gives you a programmable buddy to compete with at whatever pace you wish. Really works! This device is ultra-cool for techies, but has serious utility as well. Easy to use, easy to see, light to carry. I use it for walks, runs, hikes, bikes... and it performs flawlessly. Now if only the ForeRunner 202 will come with a heart-rate monitor...
I have looked at the previous reviews, and I have to say that I have encountered none of the problems that some of the other reviewers have.  I was able to get the unit up and working the first time I used it.  I have used it in Kansas and Georgia, and have had it drop the GPS signal about once a week at most, regardless of weather conditions.  I have one spot where I regularly run where the trail actually goes under a building, and sometimes I lose signal, sometimes I don't.  The unit always picks up immediately when I come back out into the open.  Because I am left-handed, I took the unit off of the strap and turned the strap over to make it easier to put on my left wrist.  I had no problems getting the pins out and back in.  The only tool I used was fingernails.  I am very happy with the accuracy of the unit, unlike the types that have to "learn your stride" in order to be of questionable use.  If you read the instruction book, you know that it has to boot up for about 30 minutes the first time you turn it on.  After that it only takes a couple minutes to start up.  Usually it is ready before I finish stretching.  I have to admit that I use a paper log book, so I have not tried to connect it to a computer.  Maybe I'm not getting the full use, but for distance and pace it is fantastic.  I won't run without it if I have a choice.
This is my second Forerunner, the first one stopped working just after the warranty ran out (go figure).  But obviously if I bought another I think it is well worth it.  I love training with this GPS system.  While it is not small, it is not so big that it is uncomfortable to wear.  The Forerunner is simple to use, everything is pretty self expanatory just a quick glance at the users manual and you are on your way.  The buttons are easy to get to and push during a run, but placed well enough to avoid them accidently being pushed. The screen is easy to read and gives all the information I am looking for during my run.  I have another GPS system, different brand, but the watch is too large for my wrist, I hate the receiver on my upper arm, the information is difficult to impossible to decipher during the run and even after.  I will be selling that one.My one other complaint about the Forerunner, besides the previous one's ceasing to work, is that when it's cloudy or when you are in tree's the GPS system frequently loses it's signal so it is not all that great for trial running, but that is true of most GPS systems.
Prior to purchase, I read many reviews for the Garmin 201 device. Since receiving it back in late November, I have used it many times and have had no problems at all. Its very nice to just run without having to worry about tracking distance beforehand. I would recommend this product to any runner.
Before purchasing the Forerunner 201, I read LOTS of reviews of both the 201 and the 205 on several different sites.  Several reviewers of the 205 had previously used the 201, and raved about the 205's improved GPS signal (though one did comment that on the rare occasions when it dropped its signal, it had more difficulties regaining it than the 201 did).  The more compact design of the 205 also had some appeal, though reviewers said they were surprised at the comfort of the 201.In the end, I went with the 201 because it was more affordable, and because I live in Colorado, where clear skies and good satellite reception are the norm.  I have not been disappointed.  It is perfectly comfortable - not bulky-feeling at all.  As some reviewers mentioned, it seems like it does drop signal periodically, resulting in reported distances that are slightly shorter than actual.  But they've never been off by more than a couple percent, which is pretty minimal.  I even ran a 5K yesterday under completely cloudy skies, and the device worked perfectly.All in all, a great product for the price!!  I definitely recommend it.
This forerunner is so much fun to run with.  I love knowing how fast I'm going, and how far I've run.  It's not always 100% accurate - for instance it seems to take some time for my speed to catch up with me.  But being a casual runner, for the price it makes my runs more fun and interesting.
I only wish I had gotten it sooner .... my running has improved 10 fold since I got my new "running partner".
I have enjoy using this item. It has help me to train better and to determine how hard I should push myself for race day. I am still learning about the 'Navigation' feature since you learn as you use it. The one thing is that it doesn't work when tall buildings are around, the GPS can't located a satellite and it also gives wrong information about your pace. Like I said, you learn as you go.
This gadget is awesome!  I am still learning about it but am very impressed!
This review is not intended as a listing of every feature of the Forerunner 201 but as a review of how I am using it as a runner and as a guide for other runners considering this product.  I do 20-30 miles a week.I've had the Forerunner 201 for just over a week and done five runs and I have to say it is what every runner has been wanting for years.  Straight out of the box it had trouble getting a lock and asked me if I was indoors.  If you reply yes it switches GPS off. If you reply no, it asks if you have moved location (i.e., a long way) since the unit was last used.  As I'm in the UK and this is a US product I said yes and a lock was obtained within two minutes and now averages about 45 secs to 1 minute.The unit is smaller and lighter than I imagined and feels no different to wearing a standard sized watch.  It is waterproof to one metre for 30 minutes so no excuses for not running in the rain.  There are no female sockets on the watch as the charging cradle merely has four tiny metal contacts and the serial cable plugs into the charging cable (not the cradle) which allows the unit and cradle to be very small.  The only hole on the unit is a pin prick sized speaker outlet on the underside which may account for why I sometimes miss the mile beep when running into a strong headwind (can this be loudened in firmware?)Garmin already have a minor firmware update to fix a minor rounding error and firmware upgradeability is one reason I don't mind being an early adopter.  Battery life is quoted at 15 hours but mine never reads more than 14 and this is acceptable I feel.  The current date time is set from GPS and adjusts for daylight saving so your run history is accurately stored over time.  Garmin quote storage as two years worth of running but this seems an underestimate for all but the most serious runners.  It quotes 5000 laps on the packaging so running 7 miles 5 times a week give 2.7 years of storage.  Once the PC software is out this won't be an issue to most people anyway.I have set the unit up to autolap every mile and the unit beeps (quietly!) and displays a large pop up window of the last mile pace (or speed if you want) with the backlight on.  However, I'm sure there has been the occasional mile that hasn't beeped.  Also, if you hit the lap button to store a marker yourself, the auto miling feature then resets which is not what I want.  I want to know every mile of my run and have the ability to add in extra markers.  I hope Garmin will alter this in firmware as I'm sure most runners would want the same.  I usually run 7:30 miles and occasionally the unit reads 6:30 or 8:30 due to errors caused by the US military.  However, you can set the unit to four levels of smoothing.  Mine is on 3 and I only get the occasional false reading and only a few seconds delay when I speed up.  Turning it off gives real time readings which was a bit erratic.Due to the current lack of PC software (Garmin told me about 20th Feb but I won't hold my breath) I've been fiddling with other software.  I've managed to download the history to a text file recording long/lat, datetime, altitude, run time, distance, speed.  It seems to record every 3 to 7 seconds and this provided an accurate enough profile when graphed in Excel.  I also imported the long/lats into Autoroute and it displayed the run pretty accurately although the whole route seemed to be offset about 10 metres from the roads I was running on.  GPS is only accurate to 10 metres but it can't be due to GPS sampling errors as the whole route was consistently off in the same direction.  I'll wait for the official software before passing judgement though :)I'm sure the GPS running watch market will explode in 2004 but this watch is small enough to be a watch and large enough to see easily, is unobtrusive, accurate, and does everything a runner needs so I highly recommend it.  Maybe competitors could include maps but that's not high priority for runners.  We want to run wherever we want and know how far we went and in what time.  This does exactly that.
It is true that it does not work great near skyscrapers. Other then that, it is great.
I started running with this unit about two months ago and could not be happier.  It keeps stats of each of your runs, so you can easily go back and review your perfomance for up to two years.Sometimes it takes up to 3-5 minutes to find a signal when I first turn it on, but once it finds a signal it keeps it.Overall, this is a good training device.
This watch is not only cheaper than the timex watch but is also better. It only has one piece to it that isn't all that big. Also, it records your runs holding up to 2,000 splits. The interval training and virtual partner features work great. Compare this to the timex watch which has 2 pieces you have to wear, a lot less features than the forerunner, and the cheaper price and its a great buy.
This is a really fun thing to make your workouts go SMOOTHLY!!!The only way I can stick with it is to play games with my self &this neat little machine offers an infinite number of things to look at to keep you interested, Pace, Distance, Time, race againest a Pacer. It is really neat...MikeC
This Garmin Forerunner 201 GPS stopwatch is a fabulous training aid. Offers accurate distance and pace measurements, with continuous updating during the run. Options available in the device include: Alarms to notify you when you are going faster or slower than your chosen pace, Automatic splits at distances you can determine,  keeps all information on each run for ready review, can download data into your computer.Other features include tracking path you take, marking points you visit and direction finder to tell you how to get back to any point.This is a great aid while running for training or for information while you are competing to help gauge pace.
I have been using this item for about a month now, and it is working great for me.  The functions included on the device are excellent, and the large screen and numbers make it really easy to read while running.As for the signal, I usually run on roads around my house, so losing signal isn't too much an issue.  I have looked at my tracks and sometimes it may lose it for a few seconds, but then it comes right back.Being able to upload the data to your computer and then analyze it later is pretty useful, and kind of fun.  There are a ton of great programs out there (in addition to the logbook software) that work with the forerunner data.
Awesome.  Sometimes signal is weak and pace/mile fluctuates every couple seconds.  Otherwise, acurate to a tenth of a mile over a recent 7 mile run on a measured course.  Good value at $100.
For a little money this thing does lots of things! With some linkable, no cost software, I can analyze every move I made during a run or a bike ride, the altitudes, the wind speed,calories burned, everything! The primary thing it does, though, is to inspire the best out of me without having to have a running partner. A great piece of running equipment I don't ever want to do without again. I bought it just so I could know how far I'd run. I wear it because it does so much more!
This is a good basic model.It is perfect for those that want to track their pace and distance and calories, but don't need a bunch of expensive features.
I have owned one of these for three years.  It has worked perfectly, with accurate distance and overall pace times.  It sometimes takes a while to acquire a signal, especially if there are tall buildings or if you've moved a long distance since you last used it (another state or country). I even ran it through the wash accidentally a month or so ago, and it still works! I just pulled it out, let it dry out on the counter, and no problem... amazing! Highly recommended.
I've had the Forerunner for about two weeks and it's worked very well. No problems with GPS signal but, haven't had it in heavy trees. Seems very accurate with milage and altitude. It provides alot of info and the training partner is a nice feature. Its comfortable to wear and light.
The Garmin Forerunner 201 has already improved running for me, not only do I know how far I have ran, I know how fast I have been running, and even have reference points for where I have been.  The unit itself is lightweight, easy to use, waterproof, and has a rechargeable battery. The charger itself is all too easy to use and has an adapter for 110-240v outlets, the plug can also be changed on the charger to fit a variety of outlet types. The screen is farely large and the numbers are easy to read, the button layout is simple and if you just want it to time your run its a two button affair. All in all a very good buy it will improve your runs especially if you like to try new places.
I use this thing all the time, it's awesome. Don't really like the way it freaks out a bit when you travel but it usually catches up - wear it a bit before actually running for a time/distance that's accurate. Overall I love it...keeps me on track and makes me see how hard I've worked towards a goal.
I am coaching a marathon running group.  The 201 is great for being able to make up running routes on the fly.  We know exactly how many miles we have run, our time and pace.  I set the lap counter for 1 mile intervals giving us our pace for each mile.The 201 is reliable and user friendly, but my only criticism is the software is not compatible with the Mac.
I have purchased many electronic devices that have been a huge disappointment, including a handheld GPS unit. So perhaps I didn't have high hopes for this particular unit, given the pricerange and the ambivalent reviews.However, this does exactly what it is advertised to do, and does it extremely well. It is versatile, working for both running and biking with different speed modes. It finds satellites very quickly versus the other GPS receiver that I have. It seems durable, and the size is not overly cumbersome once you have had it on for a few minutes--it's like an oversized wristwatch.When it comes to training, I can't believe I ever trained without this. The interval training feature has been invaluable, automatically setting distances and rest periods with no intervention from me. The display is very intuitive. And, except for a few times losing the signal in heavy tree cover, I have had no problems with the reception or the apparent accuracy of the unit.Lastly, the history feature of the unit is wonderful. The device itself has a pretty good history display, keeping track of days, distances, paces, calories burned, and so forth. But, when you download the training software from Garmin, and upload your data to the machine, it makes it even better.Yes, I agree the cable to do the upload could have been a USB cable rather than a serial cable, but I suspect there were size issues to deal with here, even with a mini-USB plug, that made the serial cable the best choice. I would say that the device/PC interface is probably the one weak spot here.Lastly, I bought the bike mount for this...but then realized you can just wear it on your wrist! So I haven't even used the bike mount.All in all, one of my best purchases, especially given the price point.
Have been using the 201 for a few weeks. Works great. Don't use the CD. Download the new Training software from the web site. Very accurate if you're in the open air. Only caution, is that you have to purchase a Serial-USB adapter, which cost me $50 from CompUSA.  I'm not sure why they don't ship it with a USB adapter already.=================UPDATE: 7-2006Had this for almost a year. Holding up OK. The gold connectors are corroding, so I have to jiggle it around the cradle to get the connection. It has only froze once on me, and basically you have to let the battery go dead, then recharge it. Yes, the strap is hard to wash, and gets kind of stinky, but it's comfortable. Accuracy is dependent on a lot of factors, but it can be off by +/- 100ft. Loses signal under tree cover, but comes back afterwards.
works great. great price. used it on my motocross bike for lap times. does not work so well in the woods, though. used it on my mountain bike and road bike for speed and pace and unlike my bike computer i can download my results on the computer, just wish it had a usb plug. plan on using it on my jet ski this summer also.
I bought the Garmin Forerunner because a friend of mine had one and loved it.  I don't ever run without it.  It shows you how fast you are running, how far you have gone, and how many calories you burned.  I have used it in some of my marathons and half-marathons to keep me on track.
This thing rocks. I just received mine and after a night of charging the battery, took it for a short run. Although the initial start-up took a while to find satellites (~10mins), once locked on, it never lost track and subsequent start-ups took less than two minutes.Contrary to what many have said here, I ran in a full-blown rain storm (Northern Virginia), through a couple heavily forested park areas and, for 45 minutes, never once lost satellite reception. The pace (on the "more" setting), picked up my pace within the first tenth of a mile and only read funky after I paused at an intersection for a car that was gunning for me.Because of the negative comments regarding reception, I almost went with one of the glorified pedometers sold by Nike/Polar. Thank goodness a friend at work talked me into trying the Garmin first. I have absolutely no complaints!
For a runner who travels thru the Americas, this is paradise found. I always had a hard time measuring courses, basically following directions from hotels' staff. This product has set me free, I can now run wherever I want and accuratly track my distance and pace (not to mention not getting lost anymore!). No issue getting satellite signals in New York, Buenos Aires or Rio, great!Cheers for Garmin, what a nice way of helping runners on-the-go.
I have had the Foreruner for several weeks and I am satisfied with its performance and accuracy.  I have never lost contact with the satellite once initial contact has been made.  It has agreed with all of my previously measured distances that I know to be accurate.  This gives you the confidence to run or walk anywhere and know you are getting good data on speed and distance.The history keeping log is a great item.  Forget to run, it will remember.  The one item that has not been reviewed is the ability to connect with the PC.  The software has not been released as yet and there is no description out there on just what it includes.  I have a cable that is supposed to connect the forerunner to the computer.  One end of the cable has a connection for the serial port on a computer, but there is no place on the forerunner itself for a connection that I can see.  I would still rate the unit five stars if the software never came out however.  Anyone out there have any info on the software?
Definately worth the money.  I only have trouble losing signal in heavily covered areas.  Great for use to manage lap times and unknown distances.  This device is not designed to give exact locations, so don't use it to guide yourself in a new area.  Be careful when running on tracks, it sometimes cuts the corners when triangulating.  It is most accurate with straight distances.  Worth the buy, not worth upgrading to the newest model.  I run with people who have the upgraded model, they work basically the same.
I previously owned the AAA battery operated Forerunner 101.  I lost it while moving to a new home, so I needed a replacement.  I opted for the 201 and have been very pleased so far.  I love the fact it is rechargeable.  The added benefit of being able to download your workout data onto a computer is very beneficial as well.  I am in the Army and run quite regularly.  The simple, yet effective, functions of this GPS help to push me towards my speed and endurance goals better than any drill sergeant ever did.  This particular model seems lighter in weight than the 101.  I will caution that the unit is noticeable while you are wearing it on your wrist.  It has an oblong shape that you will feel when you bend your wrist.  But after you get your heart rate up, it will probably be the last thing on your mind.  I give this model my endorsement, but if you want essentially the same functions, and have a stockpile of AAA batteries to spare, then I'd also recommend the 101.
I'm very happy with my watch.  This is the best techno-thing I've bought in the last few years.  It made training fun and added accuracy to my logs.  I live in the Chicago suburbs and it takes 3 or 4 minutes to find the satelites- in the winter I don't like standing around waiting.  I ran the Chic Marathon and it said my distance was 27.1 (vs 26.2)- I'm not sure about the discrepancy.  But the positives way outweight the negatives.  It has many features I didn't expect and I'm still learning what it is capable of.  I've spent twice as much on watches that do relatively nothing compared to the Forerunner.
I was initially skeptical about the GARMIN 201, it seemed too good to be true.  This training device promises a lot and it delivers on everything it promises.  The signal issue has not been a problem for me.  As a matter of fact, I can even pick up a signal in my home if I am near a window. [...] The read out is very easy to read and it is just as comfortable to wear as a watch.  For those of you longing for a running partner, look no further... this device comes with one.I wish I would have bought this watch sooner!
If you're looking for something pretty basic, to log your speed, distance and time - get this.  It is perfect.  I read tons of reviews prior to purchasing this.  Some people complained it didn't have enough functionality, others complained about it not having an HRM - but, when it all boils down to it, this Garmin does all you really need it to do.  Log your speed, distance and time.  And for $100 - you can't go wrong.  If my 201 ever breaks, I will be on here ordering another one right away, no questions asked.  Definitely worth every penny you spend on this - if you're seriously into running, or training for a marathon.  Or, just need method of keeping track of your distance, without having to drive the car around to get the mileage prior!  :)
The Forerunner does exactly what it says it will do and more.  Setup is easy, use is intuitive and results are very accurate.  I've used it on a total of 5 runs since receiving it for Christmas and have yet to experience a signal loss.  During the last week my runs have been from between 1 and 1.5 hours in length and went through suburban neighborhoods, a built-up university campus and a downtown urban area with &quot;canyons&quot; sided by 4 and 5 story buildings.  I also went through both open flat and hilly areas.  Again, not once did I lose the signal.  Now I'm back home (900 miles from where I spent Christmas) and the Forerunner is still delivering.  According to the owner's manual I was supposed to have set the unit outside for 15-30 minutes so it could re-initialize, but in reality it only took about 40 seconds to set up.  I have experience very good accuracy as well.  Here at home I have a &quot;loop&quot; that I run around my neighborhood.  In the car it measures just under 3.4 miles.  With the Forerunner my first loop measured 3.33 miles and the second loop measured 3.34 miles.  That's as accurate as I'll ever need.The Forerunner's features are exceptional.  The three things I like the most are;- The freedom to just run wherever I want without feeling like I have to stick to a specific route in order to get a specific distance in.- The Virtual Partner: I run fairly quickly (7.5 - 8.0 min p/mile) and I haven't found a lot of folks who like to run that pace.  As such I don't usually get &quot;pushed&quot; to keep a specific pace.  Now my virtual partner does that for me.- &quot;Live&quot; Pacing: This is a great feature for training for long-distance runs and marathons.  I can now see and adjust my pace without having to do &quot;advanced algebra&quot; in my head after a specific distance on a specific course.  I can do the first half of a run at one pace and the second half at another pace.  I've noticed an immediate increase in my distance by being able to strictly control my pacing in real time.Battery life has been impressive as well.  The 2 set-ups, all five runs and a bunch of playing with the features have all been done on one charge that took only three hours - and there's still 4 hours of charge left.All in all you can't go wrong with this product.  I very highly recommend it.
Have been using the Forerunner for about 1 month now, and I am still impressed about it features.  The User interface is very intuitive.  Very comfortable to wear and manipulate the buttons.  Display is easy to read, and the backlight even comes on at night when you reach distances you have programmed unit to notify you at. Love the history feature, and with the year plus memory feature,  I can take my time updating my Ultra Coach logging software that I use to track my workouts.For 95% of the runners out there, you will be quite happy with the device.  For those of you that run underneath allot of heavy tree cover, you will be disappointed.  GPS satellite acquisition under heavy tree/foliage cover will be spotty (This is a inherent problem with all GPS units because of the very weak nature of the satellite signals) I took the unit out on an orienteering event, under heavy tree cover (although no leaves) and lost signals quite often over the 8 mile course).  Of course, this use of the instrument is at the extreme end of its intended use.  Like I said, for runners, X-Country skiers, power walkers, you will be quite happy with the unit.  BTW, for those of you who were disappointed that your unit had a hard time acquiring signals indoors, you will be lucky to get any satellite lock unless your near some windows (and glass will cut down on signal strength).  The unit is not designed to work indoors unless you just want to use the stopwatch timer.The logging software is still not available. Apparently you can export data in XTML, which should make it importable in mapping software. And the serial interface?  Should be USB (Garmin? what were you thinking?)  And for crying out loud, make a drop in docking station that charges the battery and interfaces with your PC.  The snap in cradle is Mickey mouse.So, all in all, 135.00 well spent.
I run is a USA Fit marathon program.  Several members have the Timex GPS system, and several of us have the Garmin Forerunner.  Everyone who has the Garmin loves it, and those with the Timex wish they had the Garmin.  Screens are very easy to read and navigate.  The computer program is very easy to download.  Do not understand why they have a serial connection and not a USB though.  For anyone doing a running training program, this piece of equipment is a must.
I used it the whole time I was in Iraq just to see how I improved on my runs and how long they were.  It works great without a flaw.
I like the features of this watch. The body is somewhat big and can get in the way of bending your wrist. But overall has a lot of nice features.Robert Jung Lexington,KY
I've been using my FR201 for about a month now and I am completely satisfied. Its accuracy is right on the money, battery life is excellent, and it provides a wealth of training information.I couldn't imagine running without it!
I purchased the Forerunner 201 a few weeks after I started running.  I absolutely hated running, but I enjoyed the training aspect of it and keeping logs of my runs.  If you are serious about running or like logging your runs, you will love this GPS.The Forerunner 201 has almost everything for the running enthusiast.  Most of the details are covered below, so I'll just mention a few aspects of it.  Although it looked bulky at first, the device isn't that big, and it doesn't bother me at all on runs.  The personal trainer is fantastic.  I don't have friends who run so I love the idea of a "virtual buddy" I can race against. The graphical representation of a training partner is easier to take in than looking at your pace and time, and it's just more fun.  Battery life is great, even with the backlight set to always on.  The forerunner is incredibly accurate, and can hold hundreds of runs in memory and thousands of laps before needing to be reset.  It has a ton of other great features, but most are mentioned in other reviews.The cons - The training software version that's currently out (2.3 I think) doesn't really offer much analysis over the actual unit.  You can see a graph of your average pace, speed, and altitude, and a small map of your run, but that's all it offers over what you can view on the unit.  It is really bare bones right now.  The good news is it appears that they will be updating this frequently. Another small inconvenience is that you have to allow the unit to track satellites when you first take it outside.  This takes about 5 minutes, but can take longer if you have a lot of interference such as trees.  I usually leave my unit outside while I get dressed so it's ready.  I also run on streets with lots of tree coverage, and I have lately noticed the unit has a lot of problems with losing signals.  It doesn't seem to affect my runs much, but it does need a fairly clear view of the sky to be completely accurate.The mapping system is not that great.  You can zoom in on sections of a lap or entire run, but you can't scroll side to side, so you can't really view the map of your run through the wrist unit.  You can view it on the software, but you can't zoom in.  Hopefully they will fix this in a future software release.Statistics - I have noticed that sometimes the elevation does not seem accurate.  I can run up a steep hill that I know is at least 20 ft high, and the Garmin will register it as a 5ft climb.  It also doesn't seem to be able to accurately predict your pace while running.  It is fairly close, but seems to jump up and down a lot even though I know I'm running an even pace.The biggest problem I have with the Forerunner is that it doesn't have a built in heart rate monitor.  If you want one, you have to wear another watch on your other wrist, which looks silly.  This would be an extremely nice feature to add.I would definitely recommend the Forerunner to anyone who runs more than 5-10 miles a week.  It is far superior to other distance devices out there right now, and I will actually postpone a run if I forget my Garmin rather than run without it.  Not only is it a great buy, but it is only marginally more expensive than the Forerunner 101, but offers several invaluable features over the less expensive battery-operated 101.
I use the forerunner as my bike speed/distance/time device. the display is much bigger than a traditional bike computer, and lights up at night, with almost no weight penalty. It also downloads a log book which I find very motivational.I was able to figure out the instructions, which means that they must be well written and easy to use.I wish the software would permit direct printing and the ablity to edit the log, for example when I leave the unit on after a ride, the timer keeps running lowering the average recorded  speed.  this log error cannot be corrected, nor is there a print function other than "print screen" I assume the next generation will permit the downloading of maps, which also is not now possable.the rechargable battery lasts me  sufficenly for two full days on the bike, no problem.
I did a lot of research before I picked this for a friend and she never leaves for a run without it now. It's actually helped her to keep up her pace (and sometimes pick it up) in 5k's. She had no complaints.
I LOVE this GPS!  It is so easy to use & syncs up quickly.  It's so much easier than the previous Garmin I used....had to change out batteries all the time.  This one just plugs into the charger & I can go quite awhile without re-charging.
I love it!!!  I loved it so much that I brought one for my husband so that he would leave mine alone.  :-)
This seems like a fun gadget. It is! But I've found that it works well, fun to play with, but it also really helps your motivation, which is my biggest weakness. It makes running much more fun since you have feedback of how you're doing compared to your best.  Can you imagine I'm eager to push harder today, to beat my best pace from last week?  Wow. I say this after using it for several months, so this isn't just a one-day excitment for me.Get this if you run. It's fun. It will motivate you. And it's cheap!
Not an easy little item to get your hands on, but I have one!  So far it is wonderful. More features than I realized, I still have to decide which data I want on my custom screen.  The virtual partner is very nice.  Lets you know at a glance how you're running compared to your target pace.I have had no problems getting or keeping aGPS signal.  I understand some have.  I suggest using the reset feature to get the unit on the right track.  I run in a residential area with heavy tree cover, narrow streets and homes right near the sidewalk.  My typical routes vary from quite open to fairly obscured, and I have never lost the signal.Distance accuracy has been outstanding, less than 1% off on known routes.  Since every other bit of data (pace, speed, calories, etc.) is a function of distance, this is vital.The unit itself would be better turned on the wristband so the screen would be easily viewable without bringing my arm square across my body.  But it is smaller and ligher than I expected.  I really don't notice it at all.All in all, its more than I hoped and well worth the very fair price.  I'm sure there will be a better one in a year or two and I'll get that when it comes around.  But, for now, this is fantastic.  You just have to be patient and lucky enough to find one!
Just received the Garmin Forerunner 201 as a Christmas present and wanted to share my view after using it for the last 3 days.I've used two other &quot;speed and distance&quot; watches in the past from both Nike and Timex.  This unit from Garmin is far superior to any other product out today in terms of accuracy and features.Many of the other reviews have covered the obvious benefits of the numerous features of this watch but to me the screen size is what really sets it apart.  The ability to customize the 3 split screens allow you to choose what is most important to you such as pace, time, distance, etc.  The top screen is the larger of the 3 and can easily be seen while running.  The numbers are over twice the size of other running watches that also measure distance.I've also had no trouble at all aquiring satellite signals.  In fact it even works in the house before I step outside to start my run.  Every feature of this unit is intuitive and can easily be accessed while running.I'd highly recommend this tool to anyone that is interested in running.
I really enjoy the 201. I have had very little issues with loosing the signal, so I am very satisfied. The feedback during a race has really helped to achieve my goal for that race. The new version looks to improve on the signal loss and size issues, but I'm not sure if its worth the premium.
I have had my Forerunner 201 for a few weeks and am very impressed.  The features are perfect for anyone who monitors his/her running activity.  I live in Santa Cruz, CA and the GPS reception has been very good outside. Trail and canyon running in heavy trees has not caused any problems. Inside, plan on losing the GPS signal.The device is great for monitoring hill running, distance, pace, and your running history.  The screen is large and easy to read, though an angled viewing angle would have been nice since you have to cross your body to read while running.  Overall, I would highly recommend the device.
I love my new Garmin 201.  I found it very easy to use without having to spend hours reading through manuals.  The GPS finds satilites quickly and I have yet to lose the signal.  It is very accurate and provides me with the data (pace, mph, distance) that is critical in increasing my runs.  The mapping let me run with confidence knowing I can follow my map back to my starting position.  It is a great asset to me!
This is the best "toy" I ever bought for myself.  The fact that I can tell what distance I have run is invaluable, as well as the pace.  I can check to see if I am slowing down too much, and speed things up.  Having all this information in exact form rather than trying to estimate it is wonderful!!!  Plus, I found that the half marathon I just ran was actually 13.35 miles, not the 13.1 it is supposed to be!!  Very cool, and I highly recommend it!  Buttons could be a bit easier to identify as you cross the finish line, but that's all I have to complain about!
I trepidatiously purchased the 201 after reading some of the negative reviews on here, but I'm glad I disregarded those as "operator error."  The two complaints I read the most were:Takes Forever to Find Satellites: Never been a problem.  I set the 201 out while I'm getting my iPod, hydration gear, shades, etc. out; it's done before I'm done.  I have a feeling some of the complaints are from people wearing it on their wrists while waiting for it to track or moving.  Set it down, turn it on, and you'll have satellites in less than a minute.  I do... every time.Customer Support (or lack of it): I contacted Garmin's customer service because I had a question about the mapping in the Training Center software (which you download for free from their site).  I got a very detailed and personable response within 24 hours.I love the 201 and coupled with the MotionBased web site, it has everything you need to get detailed analysis and maps of your workouts.
I'm extremely happy with the Garmin Forerunner 201.  It does everything I need and is simple to use.  This is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking at an exercise tool to keep you on track.  I really can't say enough good things about it and the service I received.  It's simple and it works.
We bought this GPS for my mom- an avid walker and Volksmarcher.  After a 3 minute lesson from wife (who also has one)off we went on a 10km hike.  My mom is not super tech savy, but she took to it right away and liked that it showed her the time, distance, and watch time (so she didn't have to wear her watch).  It was easy for her to set up her settings (weight, auto pause etc).  She also remarked that it was very light and not a nuisance on her wrist.  I like the security of it- the ability to back track on your route should you become disoriented.Our family will probably purchase our third one (for me) soon.
Great tool to track milage, pace, elavation, speed whatever you need. Very accuarte and very rarely loses signal(only when I'm downtown in between very tall buildings and not for long).  Good battery life as well virtual assitant settings are great.  Only thing that can be a pain sometime is waiting a minute or two outside to get a GPS lock on your location.
I have had my Forerunner for two weeks and am very impressed with it. It is simple to use and extremely accurate.  I live in the western Chicago suburbs with a clear view of the sky and have no problem with reception. In addition to the main screen, the custom screen feature allows you to choose the three pieces of information that are important to you (elevation, average speed, max speed, time, lap time, etc.) If you like to log details of your runs it offers everything you could desire. It works on the dashboard of my car and, this past weekend I flew to Vermont and found that it even functioned without hesitation in the plane when I held it up to the window (604 mph, 28,400 feet altitude).  Very cool!While in Vermont I took snowshoe hike to the top of Camel's Hump, the third highest mountain in the state. At the peak I put my wrist next to the brass plaque that has the elevation engraved as 4,083 feet and my Forerunner read 4,084; close enough for me!  I am extremely happy with the product and its capabilities.
I hate running gadgets.  I've never liked wearing watches, pedometers, heart-rate monitors.  Even the Forerunner 201 didn't interest me until I ran with a friend who had one.I ordered the 201 not expecting much, but was completely blown away once I started using the thing.  Once up and running (more on that below), the GPS has been extremely accurate so far.  Not only that, it has dramatically increased my awareness of my running and training.Specifically, this unit makes it extremely easy to not only tell how far you've run, but also your pace and split times.  The ability to (easily) program it to lap at certain points (for me it's every mile) allows me to analyze my pace over the course of my runs (which average about 10 miles daily).  With the help of free 3rd party software easily found on the net, I'm not only able to analyze my splits, but to also download the Forerunner data and view it in 3D and color coded to look at my speed while climbing hills, etc.  Some of the free software also does a 3D fly-by of your run.The Garmin software that comes with the unit is also useful, if not a bit limited compared with the ample free software available online.  Still, the Garmin Logbook is a great FREE tool that gives you quick access to your run data.I have only a few pices of advice for folks considering buying the Forerunner 201.  First, when you first turn it on, you need to be outside and be PATIENT.  It might take 30+ minutes the first time for it to lock on the satellites.  After that, it's much faster--don't worry.  Next, if you're concerned about whether it's comfortable (based on the odd shape), I was too, but I've found that it is not a problem at all.  It's very lightweight and the unit actually sits very naturally on your wrist/arm.  Finally, just do a Google search for "forerunner software" once you get the unit.  You'll find some good stuff available.
I purchased my Forerunner about 12 weeks ago and all I can say is &quot;WOW&quot;.  If all you are looking for is a running/walking watch, I couldn't think of any other watch.  I looked at the Timex system but felt I'd be &quot;gadgeted up&quot; when I ran.  This is not much bigger than an Ironman but the features are unreal.  The virtual training partner is fabulous and the customizable features leave nothing to be desired.  Garmin has a downloadable software to track your mileage and includes elevation on the run as well as your course map.  Gone are the days of driving your course the night before.  Just run and turn when you want.  I hope all of you enjoy the Forerunner 201 as much as I do!!!  It's my new training partner.
Love this GPS. I use it for both running and for inline skating. Works great for both. Easily calculates calories burned, speed, pace, mileage and much more. I dont find myself using all of the features but they are there if needed. Battery lasts a long time and I like that it actually tells you how many hours are left on the battery so you know if you have enough for your workout. All stats are stored for 1 year. Havent used the computer interface yet but I look forward to seeing how the maps and data come out. If I were to purchase another gps I would get the version with the heart rate monitor. This is fine but for convience it wouldnt be bad to have the heart rate monitor combined with the GPS rather than having two seperate units like I use now.Have not had problems with using it in poor weather. If I go under thick trees then it may lose its connection but it always picks it back up just fine when I come out.Overall, this is a great unit.
After decades of trying to measure exact running distances with pedometers and my car's odometer,Garmin has solved my problems and doubts with their amazing instrument.I have been an owner for only a few week and have barely used its vast array of features but I am already totally sold on its performance and the opportunities it provides.For basic information it is very easy to operate.After initial battery charging, turn it on outside and let it find the satellites.Push start at the beginning of your run and stop(the same button) at the end.I plan to buy two more for our daughters!
I gave my wife one of these a few years back. We found I was borrowing it so much that we ordered a second one. It's great for monitoring running or biking endeavors. My wife used it in a marathon and loved it.
I thought this was the best purchase that I have ever made at Amazon or any store for that matter.  Not only am I beyond satisfied with the product but the delivery was so prompt that there was no worry about possibly missing the mail man.  I loved doing business with Amazon for this product and plan to do it for other products as well.
This is a very nice product.  It has numerous features and does what I need it to do.  It is a little bulky but for the price it was very worth that.
I bought this for my husband for Valentine's Day - he absolutely loves it.  A friend recommended the product to me - she loves hers as does her husband.  I've also used it and I like how accurate it is and how easy it is to use.
Great for tracking times and distances...great training tool...not completley accurate, but I would still recommend this over a pedomiter or even stopwatch unless you have a marked track or course to run on every day.
great investment for the price. bought this through [...] online it was either 18.99 or 25.00 can't remember in oct 2008. This is when I was debating getting a stand alone gps. I am glad I didn't. I love it, it's relatively dirt cheap. It was so easy to install on a (relatively huge screen) laptop. The software however, is not functionally intuitive. You have to get comfortable with using it on short trips you already know where you are going to really test it out and be comfortable. The time to learn how to really use the software effectively is before you need it.
I use it on my laptop, with marine Fugawi navigation software and it works great! I recommend this product 100%chuck
This product works and works well.  The install is somewhat arduous but with the help of  customer service I got through it.  After the install I have experienced nothing but great pleasure from this product and its performance.  This product expands the usefulness of your T3.
This tactical light is comfortable and fits in my secondary hand using a cigar grip while being small enough to still allow me to have a two handed grip on my gun. A slight squeeze of the hand turns the flashlight on to illuminates the target area. The grip is adjusted for different hand lengths by removing the rubber rings on the stalk. The lanyard is adjustable so you can get the length just right to flip the flashlight back into your hands with a flick of the wrist after a magazine reload.I tested this light on myself by shining it into a mirror in a dark room after my eyes were adjusted for darkness. I can attest it will make your target squint when turned on and will temporary blind them when shined directly in the eyes. I saw some dots burned in for a few minutes after my quick test. I couldn't imagine what it would be like to have someone continuously shine this into my eyes.Finally, I like this tactical light over rail mounted varieties because it allows me to light up an area without having to point my gun at it; which is the safest option when investigating a bump in the night. The last thing you want to do is point your gun at your grandma on a midnight fridge raid.
Best flashlight in the industry.  Great light for car and gift for friends and family members
[...]What impresses me is that it's weatherproof, fairly accurate, and quite inexpensive.  So far at least, I think this is simply an excellent buy.  Of course if you're looking to try this unit out indoors or under other difficult conditions, you should be looking for something else.
Before buying a GPS reciever, I was a little skeptical. However, this one worked like a charm. True, I faced a little trouble setting it up, but the number of times it has got me out of a jam, or routed me correctly when I got lost has more than made up for the initial annoyance. The manual was hard to find, but I eventually did find one in English.This is a great tool - especially when coupled with a good mapping software like Streets & Maps, and a laptop with a good battery...
I bought this item a few weeks ago to mount my dvd player and I also added a receiver on top which hold up well.
I had the tv in my kitchen sitting on top of the uverse cable box on a lazy susan. I wanted to get the clutter off the counter. I mounted the tv under the cabintet but couldn't find the right thing for the cable box. This is what I needed. I did not use the little attachment on top of the mounting bracket because I was not mounting it under a tv wall  mount. I screwed this under my cabinet and my husband cut a piece of board down to put the cable box on since it was too small for the mounting bracket. Now I have a nice little shelf under the cabinet.
Pretty basic but works well.  won't fit a compact player, but works for standard sizes.
Fast order.  I ordered it on Monday night and it was in my mailbox the following Thursday in three days.
have not used it yet will use on trip to New York New York this next week i hope it work when i get there
I got this for geo caching, it's a great little GPS for out in the hills too, keeps a nice trail of where you have been and easy to add way points in. I like it a lot.
While the other review notes disatisfaction with use on a PDA device, I am writing to express my pleasure using the device on my laptop.  Since it uses a USB connection and communicates using a serial COM port, I tend to believe the other user may have not had something configured right - COM ports are somewhat confusing and difficult to configure, although that is a "problem" with all GPS serial devices.Once installed and configured, this device has been incrediably accurate and trustworthy.  However, it is somewhat of a mystery which COM port it will choose each time you plug it in (it seems to depend on what USB port you choose, so if you use the same one each time that's not a problem).  Again, this is an issue with all serial GPS devices, not just the Holux.I use all sorts of SiRF and MNEA software to look at the raw data sent from the device, and use it with Microsoft Streets to navigate around.  I also use GPS when I go out "wardriving" to map the location of WiFi hotspots.  With my laptop in hand, this device is able to "notice" when I cross the street!  I've never had the device lock up or stop sending data, and it aquires sattelites and computes my location usually before I can even get the mapping application open and configured (about a minute).  After that, it sends location updates about once per second, which is pleanty fast enough to keep your position accurate as long as you don't plan on going over 80 MPH.
Having allowed my Garmin 2610 Street Pilot to slip off the dashboard too many times, I found that my touch screen wasn't working well at the edges. Not only did I find a remote at Amazon, but the price was less than any other place I looked.  The remote works fine, and it allows me to continue to use my Garmin 2610. Having been more than satisfied with the performance of the Garmin 2610 Street Pilot, I'm happy to be able to continue to use it.
Fast,prompt service. Don't hesitate to buy from this seller.Regards,J Coggin
As you know, you cant or shouldnt operate the GPS when driving, so, want to solve this ?? Buy this. And you will never forget it. Its the deal.
Item was shipped in a timely manner.  Item was as decribed "NEW" and works great.  Excellent seller.
Just used the Mapsource Topo Canada on my Garmin GPSMAP 60CSx for a week on Lac Kipawa in Quebec. Was amazed at the amount of detail, very small islands and small changes in the shoreline were shown. Easy to load on my computer and easy to transfer to a micro SD card.
At first I thought this was way too expensive, but the level of detail is amazing. As a results the map sizes get extremely large quickly, but overall a great product
I bought this primarily for an 8-day canoe trip in Algonquin Provincial park. Having this level of detailed mapping software made my GPS the go to navigation tool while on the move. I was pleasantly surprised to even find the portage trails marked accurately in the software. Highly recomended if you like to stay found.
Great piece of kit your hand held GPS. I use it on my etrex Legend C, it has more detail than the City Navigator for my area. If you're thinking of buying a City Nav. from Mapsource take a look at the "actual view" feature on the Mapsource web site and compare the two before you buy... you might be surprised at how much better the Topo is. It's easy to download the area's you want to view, save yourself some time and read the instructions. It actually does exactly what it says in the user's manual!! I'm a MAC user and had to do it all on an old beaten up PC, and it was very straightforward. (Just wish Garmin made MAC compatible stuff... come on guys get with MAC!!)
I bought this antenna to replace a brand new one that came with my new car stereo/nav.  The one that came with the stereo was extremely cheap and could not lock on at all.  Once I plugged this in to my stereo it was like night and day difference.  Within about 5 seconds i was locked on to 9 satalites.  Great product for a great price!
OUTSTANDING!!!! With the 28dB GAIN on the antenna (3dB = double the signal); I was traveling on the interstate @ the lowest part of a tunnel (where I usually lose the GPS signal), with this antenna... still strong signal, picked up both sides of the tunnel which are separated by thick cement wall, the water & surrounding land mass. HOWEVER... the description did NOT tell you that the cable was only 9' long. Ordered the extension cable; NOT COMPATIBLE. Had to call Gilsson directly to order the same radome (antenna) with a 25' cable on it. $39.95 + S&H, went with the windshield mount $4.95 (with suction cups), leveled it & works GREAT. In the ramparage (usually lose signal 5' into it... was able to track myself even @ the innermost part of the structure. Just do a little more research before you buy.
I mounted my old TomTom on the center console using a RAM mount. Only use the GPS for voice directions so this location works well. No GPS signal at the mounting location so I bought this Gilsson. Proper rf connector adapter was included with the unit. Pulls in plenty of GPS satellites for accurate information.
I use this with the AT&T 3G Microcell. This is a &#34;must have&#34; addition!! Since I added this antenna, I have had 4 bar coverage throughout my two story house. Problem solved!
The product came very quickly. I am using this on an AT&T micro cell tower. The cell tower was not pulling in a GPS signal at all before the external antenna. After I plugged it in took 2 min to aquire a signal. Book says could take over 30 min. Works great. Great price. Really fast shipping.
I am very pleased with this antenna. I bought it to move the receiving location of my Garmin, so for example I could put the antenna under my hat and still get good satellite signal with the GPS on my belt. For this use this antenna works very well, but I was very pleased to find out that this antenna outperforms the built-in antenna to a remarkable degree. With this Gilsson antenna the strength of the satellite signals jumps up, usually to the maximum; also the accuracy estimate improves by a meter or two, and the position fix under trees is vastly improved.The universal adapters work well, allowing me to use this antenna with my handheld Garmin as well as a PCMCIA GPS card in my laptop. The adapters are a little bulky but better than buying multiple antennas.
Antenna works very well.  Multiple connector/adapters provided in package allows for use with both older and newer GPS models.
This is the only antenna to work with the rand McNally tnd 710 truck GPS. Don't listen to rand McNally they will send you a link to the wrong antenna.  It is not a mmcx style port.  I have this antenna and I instantly have 10-11 sattelites. It works awesome!  I have my GPS mounted above my visor with no clear view of the windshield. And the antenna on my mirror outside. Could not be happier with the performance!
i've had more problems with my garmin 60csx since i've dropped it on some bike crashes. the unit takes 15-20 minutes to find a location, doesn't matter if it is a wide open spot or in trees, which would take much longer if at all. inhouse, no way to get a signal.since applying this, inhouse takes less than 1 second to register a location. the range drops from +/- 105 ft to +/- 17 ft (inhouse). i get better readings outside: +/- 45 ft down to +/- 10-25 ft.wish the wire was shorter for my needs, but velcro straps help.this antenna looks a lot like my auto gps unit which is a garmin, but that unit had a much smaller and thinner end unit. both, however work well so comparision is apples to oranges, though.the different adapters are great for options on different units. i'm solely using the garmin adapter. it tends to rotate around the insert on the gps, guess that is good for my needs, but wish it had threads and a swivel that you could lock down and not worry if it will come off, but allow for some play. again, not a deal breaker.
By the time I walked upstairs after connecting the antenna, the green (Sat Lock) LED was glowing on an ESE ES-185A GPS Master Clock.  Had to kludge some adapters to connect the antenna's FME connector to a BNC cable, but the key adapter came with the antenna!  Perfect.  I assume that the +5 VDC on the center conductor of the coax to power the LNA is more or less standard.
I bought this antenna for a special GPS application that had its own amplified antenna that had failed after several years of service.The Gilsson kit worked perfectly to replace the older antenna. The supplied adapters will connect the Gilsson to virtually any receiver and we had no problem connecting it to ours.The built in magnetic base in the Gilsson strongly kept the antenna in place so you don't need to be concerned about it staying in place in an outdoor setup.Without this product we would have had to hunt down the original amplified antenna which we discovered was going to cost over $300! The Gilsson is a bargain in comparison and I am glad that this product is available. It was only one of two amplified antennas that I could find and that is worrisome given the size of the GPS marketplace. I am sure glad that this product was available.
This antenna is small and powerful. Inside my home I was able to get a GPS connection. For the price you can't really go wrong.
Sometimes I need to use my GPS indoor, this antenna is a must. With so many adapters, no problem to fit any make and model.
i was able to save 60% buying from you. this purchased allowed us to continues using our old garmin that had waypoints saved.Thanks
I checked on the identical power cord and was given quotes as high as $51.00!!! I paid $10.00!!!  It works great too. My trips on my boat will be soo much more relaxed knowing that the batteries will not run out .
The exact connector to power my Garmin GPS 12 using vehicle 12 Volt supply. Just plug into an Aux supply receptacle or cigarette lighter receptacle.
Best armor for the Garmin GPS-III. Leave this case on during use in the field. I also have the Garmin belt carry bag. The GPS-III is a old unit but I do like the measuring tools it offers.
I bought this carrying case for my Magellan Maestro 4250 GPS.  I didn't want to leave my gps inside my truck, therefore, this item was purchased.  This is a compact, light weight, carrying case.  Good for everyday use.  It has just enough room for my gps unit, the two chargers, the usb cable and the gps owner's manual.  My weighted dash mount would not fit inside the carrying case.  But that's ok because it is a little too heavy and I prefer it to be left inside my truck.
Excellent carrying case. Not only can it hold the Tomtom GPS but also it's accessories. I'm very pleased with it.
This is the second and third case we have purchased.  Both our street pilot c330 and our daughters c340 fit perfectly in the cases and protect our investments very well.
Perfect for all of our 205W GPS accessories including the portable friction mount/arm and plugs, etc. Wouldn't leave home without it.
This pouch is a well made product.The stitching is fantastic and neat .It stores the complete Garmin Nuvi wide screen unit including the bean bag base and power cord.Your GPS will be well protected and dry .
Bought this for our daughter to hold her GPS system.  She travels to patient's homes on a daily basis and in neighborhoods she is not familiar with.  This item is compact, she can place the GPS and it's accessories in it easily and she does not have to worry about a lot of space to store it.  She loves it!
Good value for the money and does the job. Will buy from this company again
This is a wonderful case! Exactly what I needed to carry my nuvi, friction dash mount, and vehicle charging cable. There is at least one review saying it doesn't hold the dash mount. Not true, it fits. I did have to remove the ball stand from the mount for it to fit, but that's no big deal, the mount is so odd shaped anyway. This case is perfect.
My Nuvi 1350, Garmin friction mount and power cord fit nicely into this case It is compact and convenient
This case was the perfect size for my Nuvi.  It is sturdy,durable and the longer strap was an extra plus.  I can clip it to my travel case or just carry it with my purse.  Perfect!
I bought this for my Roadmate 1440 and it holds everything.  I can easily fit the booklets, charger, GPS and suction unit.  It comes with a little divider which can be good for keeping the other items from scratching my GPS.  I did get a cover for my GPS just in case.  It is the perfect size and a great buy.
Great case for my TomTom XXL-540 5" screen GPS  Enough room for all the wires and the GPS unit  Well made and durable.  Speedy delivery from vendor.
This case is great because it has a divider that separates my Garmin Nuvi 760 from the rest of the gear. It is large enough to carry my Garmin Friction Mount, Carrying Case and the Traffic Receiver and Car Power Cord.  I would highly recommend this to anyone that switches their unit between vehicles or takes it to put in their rental car when they go on vacation.
I was looking for a case to hold my Garmin 760 and all the accessories with it.  This is the perfect size for the charger cable, the suction holder, and the friction holder.  It has an adjustable internal divider so the GPS unit can be protected from the rest of the accessories.
loved the item. its compact, classy and seems really well constructed. as reviewers already stated, the layers are think and should be more than enough to handle the rigors of travel. i only wish this had a small compartment or two but that would probably only make this case bulkier. this is a must for nuvi owners and is much better IMO than the garmin deluxe carry case.
This carrying case is great.  It has lots of room for my GPS, plus connection cords, chargers and mounts plus I keep the small user manual in there so if one of my daughters uses it, they have answers to basic questions on operation.  I would highly recommend this to anyone.
Garmin and accessories fit very nicely.  I like the padded area for the screen.  Everything is protected when not in use.
This case is excellent.  I use it for my Garmin Nuvi 205W.  It's a well designed case and good for traveling with.  Keeps everything safe and secure.
I bought two of these cases. One for my Nuvi 350 and one for my mother's Nuvi 650. I am able to get my Nuvi 350, cables, friction mount, and case shoulder strap inside, with room to spare. It fits in my car's center console. My mother was able to get all of her Nuvi 650 items in her case. The neoprene is thick. I looked for the case in Walmart as suggested by a previous reviewer. They did not carry it. Save yourself the gas. Buy it here.
I purchased this case along with my Nuvi and a dashboard beanbag so that I could carry everything with me and not take a chance of someone breaking into my car to steal it.  Everything fits nicely in the case.  The double zipper makes it easier to package everything inside and zip it up safe and secure.  I normally just use the handles on top to carry the bag but it also includes a shoulder strap which will be handy when carrying other bags.
Seller shipped immediately and I received it within 2 days.  Exactly what I ordered, no problems here.  Seller also communicated when the item was to be shipped, good communication!!  Highly recommend
Have used it with my Garmin 2610 for quite a while and it is an excellent case. Though cords, mount and accessories fit, it would be nice if it were just a little bit larger... very satisfied.
This Gilsson case is exactly what I needed for my Garmin Nuvi 1490T with its 5" screen. It fits the GPS, Garmin friction mount, AC adapter, car adapter, manual and there's room to spare. Yet it's compact enough to carry, tote in a backpack or pack in a suitcase.There's a stiff divider inside the case that runs the long way with velcro edges on either end so you can affix it in place where you want it. The Garmin friction mount fits when you fold over two edges (it was designed to do this).I believe this case will handle most any consumer-oriented Garmin, Magellan or Tom Tom GPS designed for auto or off-road use. And it's not all that expensive.
This bag is large enough to accommodate my Nuvi 350, the power adapter and cables for said Nuvi 350, a Cell Phone power adapter, and the Garmin friction mount!  I am sure I could squeeze in a couple more small items as well.The case is a nice and thick neoprene which should repel any rain drops and protect your gear inside.
I love this case...So handy and easy to carry. Not at all bulky. I can fit everything in here except the friction mount that I bought for my Garmin. The double zipper on this is easy and makes it a smooth operation to open and close. The velcro makes sure that the Garmin is snug and safe. If you have a 4.3 GPS, you cannot go wrong with this case! Perfect!
This bag was an excellent purchase.  It is quality and perfectly suited for storing a GPS.
I am completely satified with my purchase of both the Gramin Nuvi GPS and the Gilsson Travel Case. My GPS is fully protected in this well padded  case.  I recommend this product without reservation.  Timothy Meadows
It took less than 3 minutes to setup the radio (on international frequency). Sailing 5 miles offshore, called the marina using just 1 watt, on a cluttered channel. The answer came in seconds, and operator stated the communication was absolutely clear (5/5).The radio uses regular and rechargeable AA batteries. Charge @car, @boat.Tough equipment.I strongly recommend.
Bought this radio to cruise up/down the tombigbee.  Ya just might run out of gas, cell phone communications are spotty if any.  Tugs and personal craft steer for the channel.  I needed a good reliable radio to chat with tugs 3 wide and emergency communitaion also if needed. So far I feel that I made the right choice. It came with rechargable batteries which i am very pleased to have.  In closing I feel much more confident with a reliable radio on the Bigbee. I have had no probs with it 5 star it is.
This radio is great!  Waterproof up to a 3 feet deep (have not tested that claim, and don't care to!)  The radio last for weeks without charging,  I like the Triwatch button with monitors channels 16/9/and weather alert channels. You can also can all 88 channels, or scan up to 10 memory channels.  The weather button is great so you can hear the weather at anytime.  I live 10 miles inland and can still turn it on in my house and hear the coastguard on channel 16 and the weather reports also. The back light is not half bad, although the orange colored glow is a little out dated.  The unit is light and rugged. The antenna is just the right length. It's a very sharp looking unit also.  I was very happy that it came with high quality rechargeable batteries (6 of them) they are 2100mah which is basically the latest in rechargeable NIMH. My favorite feature of this unit is it's reception bars.  When another boater is transmitting a signal, you can basically tell how far you are from them by how many bars you have (1-5).  The unit transmits on 1 watt or 5 watts of power, which is just right. I almost always use it at just 1 watt and I have not had any trouble.  If my boat ever starts sinking, I say screw the wife and kids, I'm going for this puppy first!This is the Motor Vessel "Miss Behaven" out of Miami, Fl out!
I am very pleased with the performance of the 301 for myendurance horses...after being adapted for horse use.  Theheartrate monitor functioned immediately, and the GPS had noproblem getting a signal.  Great product!
I love my Garmin, though a bit bulky for me (I am only 5' 2") I couldn't live without it. Great product for the money!!! Highly recommend it
I was worried after reading the other reviews but didn't want to buy the more expensive models. As a result, I kept all the packing materials and documents when unpacking it (so that I can return it if it was as bad as the reviews made it out to be).Since it arrived, I have used it for running, biking, indoor aerobics, and weight training. I did not have the problem with either the GPS or the HRM. Once GPS is locked, it doesn't create any problem, but it does take 20 seconds or so to get the signal. The heart rate monitor did not stop working at any time except when I was doing weights which led to movement of the strap.When biking on a wooded trail, I continued to get the GPS signal. If I start moving before locking the signal from the satellite the unit does not get the signal at all (so it is better to wait the few extra seconds before starting out). While using it indoors, my objective is to get the heart rate over the entire period I am working out. When I switch off the GPS, i am able to do this without any problem.I am using two softwares with it right now - at some point in time I will figure out which one to make the main software. Other than the training center that came with the unit (actually I downloaded the latest version), I am using sportstrack which is a free software. Thanks to the earlier reviewer from whom I learnt about this free software which works great - it has several analysis options as well as mapping options.At no point did I have a problem with the unit - either the HRM or the GPS. I think it is a great unit and worth every buck I paid for it at Amazon.I have two issues wih the unit and neither of them is so critical as to reduce the rating of the product. First, I would like to see a better software - Sportstrack is significantly better. I am still using Garmin's because it allows me to see the heart rate zones  over the run better. Second, I should be able to have two users of the device.Overall, I am very happy with the product and am writing the review because my expereince was much better than what the earlier reviews made me expect from this product.
Great training watch price is very good for what you get. Very good online support, updates and interactive web pages.
I know that some folks have had issues with reception of the GPS.  I have tried this tool in both Las Vegas and St. George, UT.  I found that if you stand in one place and let it initialize (can take up to 3-5 minutes), it will eventually catch a satellite.  Unfortunately, I do not live in heavily wooded areas, so I cannot comment on the coverage there.I bought this tool when it was on sale here at Amazon and I still think it was a terrific bargain.  I can't believe how fantastic the software is and all the different types of graphs and information you can plot (heartrate, pace, distance, time, etc.) - it's awesome.  It's very helpful in my marathon training.I have never run a marathon before and this tool will certainly help me to complete my first one.  In all of my research, it's simply the best tool I have found for training.
It really is this simple - the Garmin 301 works exactly as advertised!  I got mine a little over 3 weeks ago, I run 3 or 4 times per week and I've used it every run since it arrived.  Yeah, the heart rate monitor dips out occasionaly and the GPS takes 2 or 3 minutes to get a lock, but these are small complaints when set aside what it does.  Typically I power the device on 10 minutes before I go out - it pairs with my HRM and gets a lock on the GPS - yes, when I'm indoors.I bought it, I use it 3 or 4 times a week and I LOVE IT!
I have recently purchased a Forerunner 301 after having used a Sports Instruments heart rate monitor for about a year. The heart rate monitor was excellent, and certainly usefull in the gym - rather than wait a certain length of time between sets, wait until your HR is below 120bpm. It allows you to pace yourself much more.When it comes to running, it is difficult to measure your performance (time, heart rate, and distance) over the days and weeks. A heart rate monitor is good, but when training you need to push yourself and will always have a high heart rate.The forerunner is a completely different animal. So different, that there really isn't any fair comparison at all.With this puppy on your arm you can build a workout (they are quite simple but effective) on your pc, slap it on the forerunner, and off you go. Great running feedback, and excellent info when transferred to the pc. Everything is easy to do - not quite WinXP wizard easy, but simple none the less.If you live in a large city, forrested areas, or anywhere with sky obstructions, then it may give your trouble with reception. I have had a gps for years, and with my wifi experience I knew that reliable reception was going to be an issue. However, for me I found the reception excellent. Great in fact! In my lounge I can still get a lock with 4 good strength sattelites! If I stop it reacts within 1 second, and another second it knows I have stopped (due to the 1 second display update speed). Much better gps calculations than my garmin gps12.If you are gagety inclined, and ARE taking (not just wanting or planning to) your running or biking seriously then without a doubt, this is the machine for you.It isn't too big, but big enough to read. Locks on in less than 1 minute in my small back yard, and has stellar reaction time. Perhaps even just keeping track of your exercise history is worth it for you? Or the in running feedback? Or the calorie (much more realistic than anythng else I have seen) info?I am very happy with my buy. I paid $230 for it. Worth every last buck. From my experience I have no trouble recommending the Forerunner 301 to any one who is taking their running seriously!!
After reading the various reviews online, I bought the 301 and I absolutely love it!!  It took only a few minutes to acquire a signal.  I turned it on when I started my warm-up and it was ready before I was done.  It was extremely accurate and measured my heart rate well.  The online software was easy to install and use (though it installed more easily on my XP than on my Vista).  The product does everything I hoped it would.Prior to purchasing, I considered the newer 305.  Even though the 305 has the ability to more readily read a weak signal and looks a little cooler, it also has a shorter charge life and costs twice as much.  So I opted for the 301 and have no regrets.
I have had great success with this unit. The GPS has never failed once.  The key is to position the face of the device pointing straight up.  The antenna is under the GARMIN name and only has reception in a 180 deg hemisphere.  If the unit is worn like most people wear a wrist watch, the antenna faces horizontal.  Half of the sky is not visible to the antenna, and if a building, wall, or other obstruction falls in the visible side, too few satellites will be visible for the unit to calculate position.  I wear the unit on the side of my wrist directly inline with my thumb.  I run under some large trees and never lost signal.  When I mountain bike, I wear it like a wrist watch since my hands are mostly palms down.I had two glitches with the heart rate monitor when I work a synthetic shirt.  The manual says the static electricity causes false readings.  I am very happy with this unit.
I received the Garmin 301 for Christmas and have used it 10 times.  The heart rate monitor has functioned flawlessly, and I have had no trouble with the GPS function staying connected (although my routes are pretty much in the open.)  The device and the software are both very easy to use.  I'm definitely a satisfied customer so far.
My husband bought this for me for training.  It's great.  It tracks my miles and then I can plot it comparing my progress.  The heartrate monitor is also a great feature.  It's easy to use.
I can echo the positive reviews so far. For the price given the technological constraints of GPS this little unit is awesome. I have never had a problem with the HRM, and never had a problem with GPS reception. It is quite an amazing tool/toy.As soon as you get it home do yourself a favor and download the FREE software SportTracks which is a much better alternative to the Training Center or Motionbased.com. It really blows the other two away and is being continuously improved. Check it out:(...)
What a real boost to my training for a marathon! I love knowing my heartrate and my running record.  It's great!!!
I like being able to track my progress on the computer.  The heart rate monitor is a great feature.
I bought this forerunner for my fiance for Christmas.  He travels a great deal for his job and is a runner.  He loves that he is able to track his route by distance and pace no matter where he is.  If you want a reliable and accurate GPS for running you should definitely consider this model.
Garmin makes great products, and this is one of them. Not bulky, I've taken it on my bike, and canoe, as wellas running. It's pretty accurate, and does a decent job with altitude. The map that the software overlays your course on leaves much to be desired though. I'm hoping Garmin offers an upgrade.
If you've used your subjective sense of how hard you're working, and you're like me, you've probably been working your heart too hard and seeing no to negative results.  While the GPS features of the Garmin are nice, I find the heart rate monitor and data logging to be the key ingredient to getting better.Using the Garmin, and going for longer, slower rides on the bike (Mixed with some runs) I can really see the gradual transformation.  One hard workout doesn't cure years of sloth.  (It could kill you though...) Many easier workouts will.Chris Carmichael and Lance Armstrong promote a plan where you use tools like this to put in a zillion hours at (ONLY) 60 to 80% of your Max.  It's science and it works.The Forerunner itself is pretty trouble free. Some features (a bug identified is a feature) worth noting: The heart rate will go bad if don't have any moisture under the chest band (Start of the workout on a cold day) but this is fixable. The GPS seems to think the elevation of my house changes by up to 30ft from day to day - funny that I don't feel us moving up or down.Even so:  Buy it.  Get the Bike mount if you're a biker.  (Same as for the 201 model)  Great little tool for personal transformation!
I use the Garmin Forerunner 301 on power walks.  Very satisfied with reliability of GPS and heart rate monitor.  The heart rate monitor on occasion blinks out, but comes right back - the stats sometimes show a max heart rate of 200+, which I just ignore.  The average heart rate is reliable.With the new model coming out on the market, the current price for the 301 model is a steal!
I have had the Forerunner 301 for a week and I love it.  The heart rate monitor and the GPS both work fine so far.  This has helped jump start my workouts, I was in a bit of a couch potato rut.  It's pretty cool to be able to run where you want and still know what the mileage is instead of having to run routes that you know the mileage.  The Garmin software works fine but I wanted to see my routes on google earth.  I have downloaded sporttracks freeware and exported my routes to google earth which is cool to look at.  Connectivity to my vista home system was easy with the Garmin software and the freeware.  It took me a while to figure out the basics but it is user friendly.  I would like bigger letters on the display but at my age I'm starting to say that about everything.  I look forward to using it for inline skating and biking.  So far I've just done jogging with my dogs.  Also the interval training feature is very powerful as it lets you run pretty accurate long sprint intervals without having to measure them ahead of time with a car or on a track.
I purchased this to start to keep some stats on my running, biking, hiking, kayaking, and rollerblading.  Yup.  It works great in all of those activities.IT IS NOT A GPS.  If you're looking for a GPS unit for navigations this isn't it.  But what this does do is keep all of your stats for your workout or trip.But then again you're looking at the one with the Heart Rate Monitor so you're thinking workout I would expect.I have been very happy with this product.  The only problem is battery life.  It lasts for several days so if you're not paying attention you can pick it up on the fourth or the fifth day and find you don't have enough juice for your run.  SO remember to plug it in!  I've had mine die twice in the middle of a workout.. Very disappointing to loose the stats for the day.  BUT my own fault I hadn't plugged it in for days.I also picked up the bike mount.  Great for the bike, not so great for a baby running jogger.. but I just use the Velcro straps on the jogger.
I have found the Garmin 301 to be all that it was presented and more.  The heart rate monitor appears very accurate; unlike others I have owned. The speed distance features are right on and the download capability of the unit is outstanding.  However, beware this is a very complexed unit and will require serious study to fully utilize it's maximum capability.  Overall, I am very impressed.
Great product design, capability, and quality.Has all the usefull data readily at hand with easily readable displays.  Customizable parameters and displays make this unit a great value for the money.  Also looked at Timex watches and this one really offered a great deal more without spending double the money for a Suunto.
This is the best training tool I ever bought. I've been working off and on for a long time now trying to get myself to train for a triathalon. The Forerunner is awesome. I have a Garmin GPS for my car and the speed is more accurate than my car's spedometer, so I was looking forward to seeing how fast I run and bike.It tells how I am doing and gives me a point to strive to do better next time I go out. My biggest complaint about it is that it has sooooooooo many features I tend to just use the most basic items. I hope to eventually play around with all of the features, but right now the most basic features are all I need to push myself.
This watch is great.  I used to drive my running routes to get the mileage.  This watch is great to get my mileage and route time as well as my heart rate.
Great product.  Only wish that they had a more detailed local map.  Otherwise, great features and great training tool for running marathons.Garmin Forerunner 301 Wrist-Mounted GPS Fitness Computer with Heart Rate Monitor
My wife bought me the Garmin Forerunner 301 for Christmas. I had wanted only a heart rate monitor, but this GPS device was a pleasant surprise! It works wonderful. It is simple in design and in ease of use. It appears slightly bulky, but when I wore it on my run, it didn't bother me. In fact the large screen was easy to read. I mainly do 5K runs, so it's not like I'm wearing it for an extended period of time either. But all in all, for what I use it for, it exceeds my expectations!
I had read several reviews both here and in other locations and really did not know what to expect with the Forerunner 301.  I have been using it for over 2 weeks and it is incredible.  Everything works as advertised or better.  I have had NO GPS-sync errors.  All times, heart rate data, and distances have been accurate.  The menus are super easy to use and easy to customize.  I especially like the target distances, heart rate, speeds, and trainer features.  I used it in races already to keep me on pace and to save a little something for the end.  I have yet to use the PC software but plan to soon.  I have experienced no problems and highly recommend it.  I lent it to my wife (who is generally anti-gadget) to use on a walk and she was happy with the experience and pleased with the results...no training required!
The Garmin Forerunner 301 is a great product!  I've used it about 1 dozen times since getting it as a Christmas present (picked it out myself!)  It tracks speed, distance, heart rate, elevation, grade, time & maps your route out.  It's fun to plug it into the laptop after a workout & see lap times, averages, elevation changes (up & down around 200 feet in Northwest Austin), fastest speed, etc.  I hit 19.6 mph in a short sprint the other day!  Not bad for a 41 y.o.
The Garmin Forerunner 301 is cool and at this price also a great value.  I've been using it for 2+ months.  I had the 201 for about a year but upgraded to the 301 for the heart rate monitor.  It's very accurate at calculating the miles and time.  I like that I can download my results easily and track my progress.  The only negative is that the heart rate monitor sometimes doesn't record and sometimes is not correct...shows a heart rate at 220.  However most of the time it does work and matches well with a comparison of another heart rate monitor (like the one built into the bike or eliptical).I'm happy with this device and would purchase again.
This is the greatest running/biking training tool ever.  The charts, graphs, data, and maps give you all of the information you need to take your training to the next level.  It is easy to use and easy to afford.
I bought the 301 from Amazon a few weeks ago, and it has worked flawlessly.  Heart rate and distance both track quite well.There are some great review comments already on the board, so I'll only add a few new thoughts:1. Freedom!  The biggest surprise that I've found is how the 301 provides me with a sense of freedom when running.  I no longer have to stay on pre-measured routes, or wonder how far I've gone when running in unfamiliar territory.  I can just turn on the 301 and then run as an explorer throughout the area that I'm in.  The 301 keeps track of distance, so I know when I am reaching my target mileage and should be turning for home.  It hadn't occurred to me how freeing this would feel!2.  Location Tracking.  I too have found that the location tracking is a bit off at times.  This is for two reasons that I've seen.  First, due to the +/- 22 feet resolution that I get from the 301, it will sometimes measure my path as a slight zigzag even when I'm running in a straight line.  Second, since the 301 only takes a measurement every few seconds, it doesn't always see exactly when I've turned a corner so it often cuts the corner when measuring distance.  The best way that I've been able to see this is when mapping my route over a satellite image.  It becomes quite obvious when I see the data showing me in a yard instead of on the sidewalk!  Most of these errors tend to balance each other out, though, so the measurement of my total distance seems to be quite good.  I tested this out by using SportsTracks (a freeware alternative to Garmin-owned MotionBased that's quite good.).  SportsTracks allows me to edit my run data on a satellite view, changing my route so that I stay on sidewalks and don't cut corners.  As I change the route, SportsTracks automatically recalculates the total distance.  In the few runs of 5 miles so far, correcting the errors has changed the run by only 0.02 miles.  Not bad!3.  Pace Tracking.  I too have found that the pace reading varies a bit while running.  This is because of the variation in location tracking that I've mentioned above.  To keep the readings from bouncing all over the place, Garmin averages multiple pace readings before displaying them.  The amount of averaging can be adjusted in the settings menu.  I've used the out-of-box setting and it looks like the 301 averages readings for 5 to 10 seconds.  The easiest way to see this occurring is to run at a steady pace and then start walking, and notice how long it takes the readings to finally settle down to show a walking pace.  So, overall, the pace measurement is pretty accurate as long as I'm running at a consistent pace for more than 5 to 10 seconds (which is usually the case).4.  Virtual Partner.  I also like the Virtual Partner feature, which allows me to have a pacesetter during my runs.  The 301 then tells me how far ahead or behind I am relative to this pacesetter.  I'll be using this during my next marathon, where my Virtual Partner will be set to run 26.2 miles in 4 hours and 22 minutes (a 10 minute pace - yes, I am slow!)  That way I can regularly tell whether I'm ahead of or behind my target finishing time.  Very cool!
I love the Garmin!  I had the 201, but lost it.  I think the 301 is better than the latest Garmin models, even though it is bigger.  It is very easy to read while running.  The watch and the computer software are very user friendly.
Great features, performance, useability, software support, webpage uploads for free, ergonomics [...]Polar just got leap frogged big time!  If you want GPS & HRM, this is the only unit to get.  Many training options and custom coaching routines.  Uploading software highly stable.  Exercise diary format awesome.  I can't be happier with this unit.
The Garmin Forerunner GPS with heart rate monitor is excellent.  It is easy to use and has a configurable display allowing me to put the Lap Pace in Large numbers and the Heart Rate, Lap Distance and Lap Time in smaller numbers, yet still readable.  When I am more interested in my Heart Rate as the big number, it is easy to reconfigure the display with a push of a button.  The product was delivered very fast, I am very happy with Amazon's service.
The 301 is great if you want to monitor your heart rate and keep track of your distance and speed.  I already had the 201 without the heart rate (which is also great) and moved up.  With heart rate info, you can determine if you are really training at your most efficient pace.  I use this when I travel, so I can know how far I ran without having to trace the course in a car.  The only downside is that the GPS has problems in areas with lots of trees.Garmin's are also good for checking the distance of your favorite race.  I confirmed that one 5K is a short course, and that another was .25 miles too long.The history feature of your times is great for filling out training logs once a week or month, or for downloading to your computer.
This was a great GPS product. I don't have it anymore, but for the 3 years that I had it, it more than served my needs. It's got all the features that you could want. Time, pace, miles, heart rate, calories burned, splits and you can download all that data to your PC using the Garmin software. I was very happy with it.
I like having all the data (pace, distance, heart rate) on my wrist. The device is big, but not heavy. Easy to get used to.
I'm just getting used to the various features of the monitor - as this is the first of it's type that I've used.I really enjoy the heart monitor function.  I haven't had the problems that others have.  I wonder if they are placing the strap correctly.  I have the sensor right under my heart with the two leads on either side, below the breast.  The GPS seems to work pretty well also, just takes a bit to lock on to the signal.  I look forward to getting the various features utilized in the future.
I bought this in 2006, still works really well.Pros:- Rugged construction- Illuminated screen- You can export all your routes, workouts and locations to a GPX file and upload to Google earth or other mapping system.- Lots of memory. I've never lost a workout on the device because it has enough memory to store workouts going back to 2006.- The ability to export workouts to your new garmin device THEN sync them into Garmin Workout center to view historical workouts history going back years. I really like that.- Virtual Partner! I love this feature. Basically, set your time and distance goal and the screen shows your location vs. your virtual partner so you know if you're performing well enough.- The Workout Center software lets you see on a map where you were, your speed, elevation, heart rate, distance and other performance metrics. I love finishing a killer workout and reflecting on it at the computer to see where I can improve or if I was even pushing myself.- Hear rate alarms to let you know if you're slacking or if you're going to die if you don't slow down a little.Cons:- The USB port rubber flap was ill-conceived and fell off almost immediately- Sometimes slow satellite synchronization. Maybe a problem of the GPS satellite infrastructure and not the device.- Accuracy can be a bit dodgy on a 1/4 mile track and the bread crumbs (Spots where the device notes your location) can be a hundred meters off which makes accuracy diminish.Feature Request:- Let me configure it from my PC when it's plugged in. There are tons of features to configure on a small screen with a deep menu system- Bluetooth connection to my cell phone so that if my heart rate stops, it calls paramedics with my GPS location. That would be a great safety feature.Overall, it's a great little GPS for tracking your workout history.I have actually since updated to a newer model and gave it to a friend but the newer ones are similar but more accurate.
The Garmin Forerunnner is a very motivating tool for those of you needing the extra push to workout or start running. It accurately keeps pace and the heart rate is also very accurate. The gps feature works with running, biking or hiking. It stores the route you took and tells you how many miles you went. At the end of a workout or running you can connect the Forerunner to your computer and see how you performed on a simple graph. Therefore, you can pinpoint where you need some improvement.There are many other features to this nifty product but I have yet to explore.
I bought this Garmin Forerunner because I'm just starting out running and needed something to track my workout and performance. I love how easy it is to program personal workouts. My daughter had one that I have used and I realized I could not be without one of my own. It's so much fun after a run to review my run on the computer! It has helped me train more efficiently & improve quicker to reach my goals quicker. No runner should be without one!
Primarily designed for training, I have used it as well for navigation and as a good toy :-).  In all cases, it has performed wonderfully.  The route tracking is good for navigation on the water, and the ability to easily download to MotionBased and Google Earth makes this a "must have".I am only casually training for a road race, so the training software is a bit of overkill for my application, and I would say I am not impressed that there is no method to export the data from the training software once it is there.  I would love to compare times/pace/heartrate with excel...Enjoy - it has seen continuous use since we purchased it.
This GPS unit is absolutely awesome.  There is not one thing about it that I wish worked differently or better.
Does exactly what it says.  The chest strap HRM runs fine for me, no complaints.  The GPS works as well as any GPS ever does, which is good if you have good visibility of the sky.  There are a few good websites which will take uploads of your 301's data and clean it up & map it.
I have been using my Forerunner 301 for a year now and I absolutely love it. I purchased it mainly for running, but I love that it can be used for several different activities since I also like to bike and do regular cardio activity. I have never had any problems with the heart rate monitor as posted in other reviews. When I run on trails that have more trees, it might "zone out" for a few seconds, but I have never had any problems since it resumes to normal activity very quickly. I wanted a product that I wouldn't outgrow for some time, so I still haven't utilized all the features. I have played with the virtual trainer a little, but I figured I would use it more when I train for a run. I have had to rely on the GPS mapping features when I travel and find that it is reliable and really gives me peace of mind knowing that I won't get lost. I should also mention that I have never had any problems with the chest strap. In fact, I appreciated the Garmin strap more after purchasing an exercise bike a few months ago when I experienced several problems with the fit of the chest strap that came with that. For a woman, I found that I could appreciate the thin, smaller size of the Garmin chest strap. The main drawbacks are that it is not compatible with Macintosh computers. (If one is interested in downloading the information to a computer which is not really necessary.) I also had to learn to get past the fact that it sometimes takes several minutes for the GPS to connect when it is first turned on. I feel that these are minor drawbacks, and for me, they don't really affect the usability. This is a wonderful product and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a device like this.
I love it.  I upgraded from the model that does not have a HR monitor.  I loved it also.  I use it running and cycling.  Obviously, the GPS unit has some troubles in areas with high buildings but I have learned how to work around that.  The HR monitor is a great addition.  I frequently use the interval feature and the pacing feature.  The product keeps getting better.
I have had limited use of my gps due to my newness to running. However, from what I have been using on the forerunner 301 I have like the information I receive. I have recommanded it to people who are also interested in knowing their progress in their excercise program.
I was really suprized to see how well it works. I use it all the time and haven't had any problems with it at all. Everything is right there for you at the touch of a button (or a couple of touches).I highly recommend this product for serious atheletes or folks that truly want to improve fitness.
IT WORKS BETTER THAN I HAD HOPED FOR. VERY ACCURATE. WOULD RECOMEND IT TO ANYONE.
I've only had it for a bit over a month, but it's been great so far!  I love the results it gives me (Avg. HR, HR over time, Pace, etc); it's just what I wanted.  The GPS map on the computer can be a little off (it can show your path as being in a river if you're close to one), but it records the actual path well, with respect to turns, etc.  I have seen that some people have troubles getting the HR monitor to work (no HR shows up).  This has happened to me twice, but by wetting the contacts on the inside of the chest strap and/or readjusting my strap (placing it lower or higher), I got the HR to show up again.
I love this. Works great, and adds fun to the ride. Get the Motion Based software, it's better for tracking true ride info. I set a custom screen to show heartrate, altitude and %incline/decline. The Altitude info on the GPS isn't perfect, but it's fun to watch when you climb, desend. A new Garmin specifically for bikes 305 Edge is coming out soon. That model looks better than this one for biking, but this one is great. Had a heartrate glitch only once in 11 rides. Make sure you wear the monitor for a minute or 2 BEFORE turning the GPS on.
I have used this unit for 4 runs and love it.  I've been using the treadmill exclusively for the past 2 years and decided to head outside. Since I'm new to running outside, this has been a great tool for me.  It's easy to use.  It does take a while to get the satellites so be patient.  Other than that I have had no problems with any part of the unit.  A definite must have for new runners.  The unit makes it easy to see your progress and see how hard you're working.
I went back and forth on whether to buy this item.  One of the things I like about running is it's simplicity: A runner doesn't need any fancy equipment to run, just tie your shoes and go.  This device has won me over though.Why I like it:* It is very simple to use (maybe some less tech-savvy people would disagree, I can't say, I'm a programmer).* I love the software (although the version that came with the Garmin Forerunner 301 was out of date and I had to do a firmware upgrade and install the latest verison from the website... again not a big deal for me, but this might intimidate someone who isn't good with computers).  The software gives me nice graphics of the route I run, totals my stats on a per week basis, and gives me graphs of my speed and pace.* Now I am free to go off my pre-planned route and not worry that I'm running the wrong mileage.  I like to be spontaneous and explore, so it really makes this possible.Definately worth the moeny.
I have had the Forerunner 301 for about 1 month and I love it. The GPS  is dead on accurate (give or take a few feet). The only downside is it takes about 1 minute to find the satellites if it is turned off for more than a couple of days. The built in heart rate monitor works flawlessly. I like the fact that you can customize the display screen and make whichever feature you wish larger or smaller. It gives me my distance and pace instantly. Before having the Garmin I used to log onto Googleearth and plot out my run on the map to find out the distance I ran and then went to a website where I have my training log and enter the information to figure out my pace. What a hassle! Now all the information is uploaded into my computer where I can see my progress including my BPM at different intervals of my run. I would definitely recommend this product. Why pay an extra $100 for the 305, when it is not really that much smaller.
Simply put, this little gizmo rocks!  It does everything it claims to do, and it does it amazingly well.  I purchased this for bike riding, and since my bike already had a cyclometer I am able to compare the results of the two (speed, distance, time) for acuracy.  Over a short 8-mile ride they were within 3% on speed and distance, dead on in time.  Pretty good, I say.  But while the cyclometer is done when I finish my ride, the Garmin is only getting started.  Now comes the fun part - plug it into my computer, download the ride, and wow, there it all is - very accurate map of where I've been, and the ability to graph heart rate, speed, and elevation against time or distance.  Spiffy!  I haven't experienced any of the HRM problems some are referring to, tho I have only had it for a week.  I'll post back here if issues start cropping up.  Only cons so far:- The GPS is a little slow to acquire - can take a minute which is annoying when you're reading to start your ride.- Map in the Training Center program is very rudimentary - only shows major roads, and locations are somewhat off.  However, you can buy other, more detailed, mapping programs and import the history into those to see your workout on an accurate map.  After reading many reviews I intend to buy the Maptech Colorado Topo - seems like it's the best, with them most features.Finally, note that you can also plug this into a laptop for realtime tracking - I tried it walking around my back yard and it works great.
Great product. Use it all the time for running. I like the fact that I can download all of my runs and history to my PC.
My wife has purchased two of the watches recently for me and another runner in our family for a gift.  Neither one of us would think of going out to run without have our GPS Forerunner on! Easy to use and I like the larger display-Highly Recommended!
After going through 2 or 3 different heart rate monitor watches, I found the Garmin Forerunner 301. I can honestly say that I have purchased my last heart rate monitor! The Garmin is everything I'm looking for, all in one!The built in GPS syncs up with satellites to record where you run and how fast you are running. It has a customizable screen that lets you choose the placement of up to 3 real-time stats along with your heart rate. You can show your current workout time, pace and distance all on screen at the same time.The screen size of the Forerunner 301 is nice and large. I actually prefer  the 301 to some of the new models because of the larger screen making it easier to view while running. With the larger screen you are able to read your pace or distance at a quick glance without breaking stride.After your run, simply plug in your Garmin to your computer through the USB port and import your training session to the training center software. In the training center you can view individual training sessions and see your distance, average speed, top speed, heart rate and a bunch of other stats. Plus, the GPS plots points on a map showing your route. You can drag a pointer along your route to check your stats for that specific area of your route as well.If I had to find a fault with the Forerunner 301, I'd have to say that I would rather not have to wear the chest strap heart monitor. In a perfect world the unit would pick up the heart rate from the wrist band. But this is a small complaint in a sea of positives!
This thing is amazing. I love it. Best purchase I've made in a long time.
First, I didn't know which product to get.I searched online and found this unit among all others.I order this unit over the newer Forerunner 305 model because I sorta liked the old design better than the newer watch-like design.Before ordering this product, I read a few negative reviews concerning location acquisition time and heart rate monitoring function.However, as far as I can tell, it's a great product that exceeds your expectations.It acquires the satellite signal pretty responsively, and measures the distance pretty accurately when comparing the data to information from the Google map.I tested the heart rate monitoring function comparing it with my Omron blood pressure monitor, and the results were the same from both devices.It does what it was designed to do with pretty good accuracy.I recommend it to anyone who does not know which GPS unit or heart rate monitoring unit to get.I'm very happy with this product, and running became more fun than ever.
Since about 5 years ago I have worked with heart rate monitors, and finally in 2005 there is a toy that gives you all the info in a small package.With the Forerunner 301 you have: Very accurate Heart rate monitor and a GPS device that tells you: Altitud, distance, speed and help you navigate between points, find locations etc.And if you are not impressed yet, the info you have worked can be downloaded to your computer for analysis !!Honestely, this is a great choice if you want to be informed of your routines and your progress.
I have been running with this product for almost a month and love it!  It keeps track of a lot of information and when my run is complete I plug it into my computer and it automatically downloads my run information.  It provides me with graphs that show my speed, distance and heart rate information.  It is easy to view historical data of past runs.  I am seeing improvement in my runs because I am able to watch my speed as I am running so I can make adjustments based on my heart rate and the goal I have in mind.  I would highly recommend the Forerunner.
This is absolutely the best product I have bought to aide in my exercise regimen. I love it! I do alot of biking and running, and my 301 lets me swith back and forth really easy. I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone getting started, or for those who wish to take their game to the next level!
Love it! Love it! Love it! The setup is so simple a 1st grader could do it. Tracks distance, heart rate, speed..accurately.  The alerts to tell you when you are going above or below your target pace are great.  This gets used daily & so far the quality is shining thru. Have not yet dumped data to a PC... but that looks like it will be a cool feature to.
My wife loves to run and all of the bells and whistles with this Garmin 301 makes her enjoy it even more!
This product is wonderful for runners.  It is a great training/weight loss tool and is very easy to use.
Using my 301 for road cycling.  First time out, worked perfectly. HR function, was dead on, compared to  my polar (that's being replaced).Mileage appears to be off 0.5%, compared to my cycling computer, don't think thats a problem, as my cycling computer may be off a tad.  Speed seem to match my cycling computer.  As far as the Garmin Training Center goes, it won't let you print, sucks.
I was skeptical at first about purchasing one of these GPS Heart Rate Monitors, but recently I ran across it on here and it was a great price, so why not.  I used it the first night I got it.  I was amazed at its accuracy and ability to find a signal so quick.  I say that cuz I had borrowed a friends in the past, and I literally had to stand outside for 15 minutes just to get a signal.  Now that I had a signal, it was time for a run.  The device tracks very well.  I was able to monitor my heart and my pace continually through my run.  Once finished, I came home, installed the software, and hooked it up to my computer, and downloaded my run.  I thought it was very accurate and showed exactly how my run was.  It showed where I had peaked, where I was slowing down, every turn, and my heartrate throughout the run.  It is a very nice software interface as well.  One that was easily customizable to look at and graph what I wanted to see.  I must say, for someone that was skeptical in the beginning, I think this was a great purchase.  It does everything it is supposed to and makes tracking your run simple.  I would recommend it to anyone that likes to run.  The only downside I can see to the whole thing is that it would be a little nicer if the wrist piece were a little smaller, but it doesnt get in the way.
I absolutely love this product!  I am not a runner, but do at times run.  The only flaw with this product I have noticed is that when I run, the heart monitor does not read accurately.  I believe it is from the movement of running (and/or jumping).  It works perfectly when I am walking/biking/rowing, etc. (activities that do not have jumping involved).  The one thing I learned when trying to obtain a GPS signal is to keep it in one spot without moving it until it receives a signal.  I have had it a couple of months now and just love it.  I find the software program very useful as well.  I love the fact it shows distance, calories burned, heart rate, pace, speed, elevation, etc.  It is an excellent guide to helping me with reaching my goals...whether it be my target zone or pace.  It is unbelievable to me that people complain and expect to get a GPS signal inside!  Unless one has satellites in a building, the Garmin won't pick up a signal.  Trees at times can also get in the way.  Again, common sense.  If the satellite signal can't reach the Garmin, how can it work properly.  When that happens, I have noticed that the Garmin will slow my pace down because it's trying to catch up with the signal then as soon as I hit a clearing...boom.  It's catches up with itself.  That may bother some, but not me.  It doesn't happen often.  I make sure to take a pretty clear route.  Don't expect it to work well in a forest with a ton of trees.  All in all, it's a great product.  I've told all my friends about it.  I don't ever want to be without it.
The Garmin 301 is a great tool for running and biking...I don't go without it anymore! The best part for me is to be able to monitor my speed and distance over days or weeks, which enables me to be more realistic in my training. I have not tried the heart monitor part yet. The only problem I've had with it so far is that it is relatively easy to accidentally hit the stop button while running, but I've only done that once :) First time users beware, that's all.
Great for serious trainers or novice athletes.  Features provide great feedback in order to track progress, or lack of, lol.  My husband and I use it for long runs, swimming, bike rides, and even attach it to our canoe.  Great product for an active lifestyle.
it is a great little tool to use as a trainer and a tracker. i use it while running and biking and so badly wish that it were also waterproof. although garmin claims that limited exposure to water won't affect the unit.it is not as bulky as the pictures make it look. it is very light and wuite comfortable but it is a bad idea to wear it for a marathon since the straps gets uncomfortable after a couple of hours.the preciseness of the data is acceptable (a margin of error or 1-2%).the tracking software that comes with it is very handy for analysis though it was a pain setting up the first time. [...] is a popular alternative.i used it once to track my path using points at mount shastha to see if it would help me find my way back. it did.sometimes the reception isn't strong in woody trails but no issues within the city.
This GPS unit is a great buy and easy to use.  I hate reading manuals because they are always difficult to understand but this manual and quick-start guide had me up and running within minutes.  I love the constant feedback on heart rate, speed, distance, etc.  The watch is easy to program and I would not hesitate to buy this gadget again.  I only wish the older models such as this one had the new watch-type face but this is still a great deal and the size is not a bother at all.
find the product very useful overall. the trail feature is a little difficult to follow as it does not use a map. i have trouble setting the heart rate limit beep. the gps is typical in terms of making contact with the signal (often several minutes) but it maintains a signal pretty well. i would buy the product again. check the software before you buy if that is a major reason for the purchase, as it is really limited in my view.
I do triathlons as a hobby and love this tool! This is my second one, after the first dies during an ocean swim (I had not closed the data port properly). I bought another one despite this, and do not like to work out without it. I use the heart rate monitor about half of the time, you don't need it to get great use out of the Garmin. Friends have had both the 301 and the 310 and prefer the 301, so save your money and buy this one.
I have just acquired this to help me train.  It works at treat is simple to use for what I use it for (exercising in certain heart rate zones).  There is much more you can do with it but I havent tried yet.The ability to store your workouts in the machine and upload them to a PC to reviw them is good and again simple to use.The only minor quibbles are:- because of the slight variation in fixes the pace reading tends to shoot up and down but this can be smoothed and I havent tried that yet- the bundled map in the training center software is not very detailed fOR the UK.
I have had nothing but great experiences with this Garmin. I'm currently  preparing for the Honolulu Marathon and it has helped me tremendously. It does not lie and gives great feedback. There is no cheating.
The Garmin Forerunner 301 is not the prettiest girl at the dance but it works. The setup is simple, using the functionality and moving around the screens is intuitive enough. You get over the additional size of this model after about the first mile. More mature runners like myself appreciate the useful size of the display. Overall the Garmin is a great tool to improve your runs, and share other outdoor activities with others via "motionbased.com". Go buy one and go for a run!
I have been wanting to purchase a Garmin Forerunner.  I looked at all the different units available and compaired different evaluations on all the Forerunners from a different website and saw that overall this unit was rated highly by its users.  I LOVE this GPS!!!So far - ease of use, the features offered are easy to access, and this product included a CD to load the proper program on my computer.  The sync process is easy and the graphics on the program show me where I need to improve.  I haven't utilized the heartrate monitor yet so I will not be rating this.Overall I am very please with the Garmin Forerunner 301.
A little more bulky than the 501 but you would not notice this on your arm.  All the computer interfaces are the same and it sure tells you a lot about your run.  In many of my cases, I was running much further than I had thought.  Can't fib on your distance!So, looking to save a few dollars and have top quality running results, great purchase.
I actually own 4 Garmin 301's and have used this product since they came out about 3 years ago. Me and my wife are triathletes and we both have 1 mounted on our bike and we use the other for the run. Battery life is excellent at around 8-10 hours or so. Although the battery won't last long enough to get us through an Ironman race (which is why we each own 2) This unit is certainly one of my favorite pieces of technology I own and I use it nearly everyday. I also have a highend Polar (720i) and much prefer my Garmin over the Polar. Some reviewers state that the heartrate monitor portion of the device is not very good and reports erroneous heartrates. I know exactly what they are referring to but the fix is very simple. You have to wet the chest strap before you put it on. If you don't then, yes the HR monitor will occationally report incorrectly. Believe me I have put the these 301's through the ringer and they perform! I train for 8-10 months for a single race and would not show up on race day with equipment I didn't fully trust would get me to the finish line. Garmin support is outstanding as well. I had a 301 a few years back that started powering down all by itself for no reason. I called up Garmin and they swapped my old one out for a new one for free. One feature I really wish they would add though is the ability to add maps to the navigation screen. There's been more than a few times that I got lost out on a long ride and even though the 301 has a navigation screen it won't really help you navigate your way back home. It just leaves a bread crumb trail to retrace your path back home if you need to. Another really nice feature that this has is the ability to set the backlight to stay on permanently so when your running really early in the morning your not fumbling trying to find the light button. No other HR monitor that I know offers this feature. If I could give the Garmin 301 6 stars I would.
I love it, does everything the others do and more for half the price.  Size of device is larger, but have to expect that for what it does.  Screen size is big and easy to read when running.  Software, is nice and can detail your workout but you need to download the most current addition.  Thanks
Let me start by saying I use the forerunner mostly on my bicycle.  I don't have the mount as I just wrap it over my old bike computer.I have had it about 3 months and I can't leave the house without it.  I ride my bike to work, which is about 3.5 miles away.  I also ride three times a week at a nearby college since they have a nice mountain in the middle of campus.On the road it is very accurate.  In about 50 sessions I have had it lose a satelite once.  I also don't get a lot of cut off corners, but I think streets lend themselves well to GPS.  For each ride home I use the Training Assistant and essentially race against my best time.  It's not perfect since it only shows you how you are doing against an average speed, instead of how you were doing during a sepecific leg.  This has really made beating personal records a lot of fun.Next often, I use the device in the woods.  Here it is still invaluable, but it's recption does suffer a little.  I usually will lose the satelite several times during an hour ride, but often times I don't notice it.  It polls often enough that a few missed point has a minimal effect.For climbs, it is excellent.  It polls the satelite enough to provide an accurate detailed map.  For downhills it polls the same amount, but my speed increases 10 fold and critical corners are missed during the polling.  Downhills aren't near as detailed as they should be.I have used the device for running a few times, and really liked it.  I am a stats freak and record every run and bike ride.  This really eases the burden.As I mentioned, I have had few problem with picking up the satelite.  Even under trees, it's reception is acceptable.Battery life is excellent and when the battery dies you don't lose all your data.  It shuts down with enough power left to store the data.Garmin is also pretty aggressive with their updates.  The last update I installed actually improved my battery life and added new features.Another feature that would be nice is to save routes with the personal trainer allowing you to save and use different times for different routes.The Garmin PC software is very basic and the overlay maps stink.  I do use it, but in conjuction with some freeware called SportTracks.  It downloads maps from the USGS and they are much better than what garmin provides.  You can also save images and upload your route to Google Earth.  It will also figure out what the temperature was at the time you rode/ran.The Forerunner has a very large memory.  After at least 50 rides, I still have not had to clear the memory.  I think I read that it can store up to two years of data.The heartrate monitor has been a little flaky recently, but i suspect I just need a new battery.  Once I break a sweat it works great.  It could also be my chest hair causing poor conduction.Support is not that great, at least via email.  I asked a real simple question, but never got a reply.  It wasn't important enough to call, so I didn't.The forerunner is well made and waterproof, although make sure the USB slot is covered before you dip it in water!  It is very feature rich and can be adapted to different styles of use.Garmin is coming out with a new GPS just for bikes that fixes most of the flaws I pointed out.If you keep track of every run, I think you can't go wrong.  if want to use it on a bike, wait for the bike specific one to come out later this year.
Awesome training tool for those data freaks like myself. Don't ride the subway and expect the thing to track. It is otherwise an awesome training aid as it links to your computer to tell you how things are progressing. Not too bulkey as I've run about 1000 miles with it on my wrist. It makes a liar out of my cyclometer while riding the bicycle but the truth is painful no matter how ya stack it. Read the reviews from the pros and they say the same thing. Get it. Use it. Love it.
Great little piece of tech. I've been using it for running, biking, ,hiking and rowing, and the amount of info it can give you is amazing. This can really push your training along, especially if you don't have a training partner. The built-in workouts are OK, but too many have unrealistic heart rate zone settings - if you're a biker, just try to pedal at 4 mph on the flats! But no worries, as all workouts are modifiable and customizable, as are the heart rate zones. My only complaint so far after a month of use is that the satellite access time can be relatively long - 2-3 minutes each time. This could be a function of the area around my house, but it's not that big a problem. Overall a great item - definitely worth the $200.
I love it! It's like having a friend you with that enjoys the same sport. Our hole running group about has one (201 or 301).
I am training for my 1st marathon. Without my Garmin I would not be able to track my miles and speed. I love that it has a hart rate monitor because I also like to track the calories I burn, and to stay in my fat burning zone.
The Garmin 301 GPS has made my marathon training much more effective and accurate by taking the guess work out of endurance, speed, and elevation training.  I not longer need to guess my distance, pace, elevation gain and/or grade which has allowed me to maintain a much more consistent training plan and recognize the effects of each run on my body in the days following the run.I would recommend this device to anyone wanting to improving their running ability!
The Forerunner 301 is a great GPS for the beginning, moderate level runner.  I am training for a half marathon and am shooting for a PR. To accomplish my goal, I needed something that would report my pace along the way.  This is a cool GPS and is easy to use.  I recommend it highly.
Very light and convenient.  The Training Center software is very easy and provides lots of information.  The only problem is that the reception can be weak even under light tree cover.
I have not had any problems with the Garmin. I also got the bike adapter to use on by bike. I run or ride 5 to 6 days a week and this is a great training aid. You will not be disappointed with the product. It gives you all the infomation you will ever need. I really enjoy it and hope it helps me become a beter runner.
I was looking for a bike monitor that could analyze my speed and distance. Went for a lookout of Polar products but they where just too expensive.Found this alternative with gps tracking that not only gives you speed, distance but also elevation and hear rate monitoring.When I took up running this was it, it has presets for both sports, counts your calories burned based on your age, height and weight profile nd gives you detalied info when you plug it on your PC.ADVICE: If you use a Mac try using TrailRunner, it's a free app thet integrates with Google maps to give you a detail on your routes and keeps a log of your workouts.
After running for the past year, I finally know EXACTLY how FAR I'm running, how FAST and how many CALORIES I've burned!!!  This little gizmo really works great and gives me alot of incentive to keep up the good work!
I used to use a Timex GPS that had a separate watch, a GPS unit that strapped to my arm, a heart monitor strap, and a receiver to tie them together on my belt. The Garmin has just a watch and a heart monitor strap. It is much easier to use, and the software is fairly simple to figure out. It is not the prettiest thing, but it beats having 4 thing attached when I run!!
I had no problems with the unit, I love it does everything I want great product.
The Garmin Forerunner 301 has an easy to read, intuitive interface, loads of features and a very accurate HRM.  I did days of research before purchasing this item: look no further.  I dunked it in a little ocean water the other day by accident - don't do that.  I won't hesitate to get a second one.
That's saying a lot.  My husband is very picky and not very geeky when it comes to technology.  I got this for him after his heart attack.  He needed to exercise, but had keep a handle on his heart rate, and track his progress toward his fitness goals.  I bought it as an anniversary present.  He would never have spent this much on himself.  From day one, he has used it, and loves it.  It took it a few days to figure out everything it would do.  I helped him with the computer downloading/tracking part at first, but now he does it on his own. He doesn't go walking or biking without it. Good thing, because he found one of the hills he was climbing was pushing his heart rate too high based on his doctor's recommendation. He changed his route.  He says it comfortable and seems to be accurate.  We have also used the GPS part in the car.  That works too and is fun.He can track his progress and see his improvement which is a big boost for him, and me.  I think it was a bargain compared to all it has done for us.
I waited a couple of weeks before reviewing to be sure I had a good sense of how well this device performs over time. So, here are my impressions.The Garmin Forerunner 301 is great!The GPS is very accurate. One time I used it while driving in my care and it measured my distance to work at 17.5 miles. I then went to an on-line mapping/routing program, and give it the same path. It returned a distance of 17.5 miles!Battery life is amazing. It re-charges in less than 4 hours, and then it is good for 13-14 hours. I have never run out of battery, or even come close.First, it is very comfortable to wear (I recommend, though, not wearing it on bare skin but over a shirt sleeve, as it won't get sweaty this way). The strap is strong and comfortable, and once on you don't even notice the device is there. It feels strong too, although I don't want to try it, it feels like it would survive drops very well. The screen is recessed, therefore making it quite protected.Displayed info is very intuitive, LARGE, and customizable. When it first arrives it is set up for pace (minutes/mile), but I changed it to speed (miles/hour). It also allows using metrics (km/hour).I use it mostly for bike rides, and to figure out best routes to drive to work. I therefore separate these two into two sports: Biking and I use Running for the car. Thus, I can keep these datasets separate. I record bike rides, which includes altitude, grade, speed, position, and heart rate. Later the included software can be used to analyze the session (note: the included software didn't work when first installed, but the lastest version found on the Garmin website worked the first time and flawlessly since, FYI, I have a Windows XP pro system).I've read some complaints about the heart monitor. Well, I've had 4 bike riding sessons, and it workd great on the first two. Then, it worked very intermitently on the 3rd. But, I figured out why! One thing not mentioned in the manual is that the heat monitor chest attachment has two strap connectors on each side. The monitor works virtually perfectly, IF you have it so it is tight-but-not-too-tight, AND those two snap connectors on the side are SNAP-LOCKED into place! If NOT snap-locked, the monitor moves around a bit over time, and loses connection and gives bad readings (>200). But when snapped, it works great! So those who experienced this problem might not have done this. I did this on my fourth bike trip, and it worked all the time, apart from one 15 second glitch.When the heart rate monitors is working, the included software can be used to plot lots of different things on comparative graphs, and calculates approximate calorie usage. I like to use it to review (re-live) old rides, and keep track of totals (like miles driven this year). Using on-line programs (such as Motion Based, owned by Garmin) one can convert the info to such formats as Google Earth (then you can replay your bike ride on a photo map of the Earth!).I'm amazed that in this day and age there is a device that actually does what it says it does! And it's not at all expensive for what it can do. It's not perfect, but definitely in the top 20% (heck, I'd give it a numerical rating of 95%, which is 4.75 out of 5), so 5 stars is my vote! :)
The 301 has been a great addition to my running.  So much useful information, accurate GPS and overall a lot of fun.Highly recommended.
I have been a serious cyclist for years and have used all types of cyclcomputers and heart rate monitors. The Garmin Forerunner 301 is the most accurate, most flexible and easiest to program and operate of any. The download capability and data analysis capability are the best, much better than my previous unit a Ciclosport Hac4, and $200 less than the Hac4.I would recommend it to anyone.
I highly recommend the 301. I have not had any problems with it. It works great and accurately every-time that I have used it. In the last three months I have used it at least thirty times and it works flawlessly.I have never had problems with the GPS tracking my position while running outdoors, and never had any problems with the heart-rate monitor either.This device is very lightweight for all the features that it offers and the screen is easily readable.This GPS has motivated me to run more often, trying new routes, and made it more fun.I hope this helps to make your decision easier. I HAVE NO REGRETS and I think it was worth every penny.Howard
This unit is incredibly versatile. It has multiple screen configurations that will show speed in mph or pace in mpm. The heart rate is shown as is or as a percentage of a max you can set based on age and weight or a specific value you put in. The shape is a little funny as a watch, but while running the larger screen is a great advantage and ultimately it is a very small unit. The software is easy to use and shows in charts or graphs every step. Just a great little product!
I have been using the Garmin Forerunner 301 for about a week and love it.  It exceeds my expectations in every way.  I love the large, easy to read display and the heart rate monitor is good for heart rate training.  I have had no problems to date with the heart rate monitor as has been noted in other reviews.  I just follow the recommendations in the manual and it works fine.  My only problem now is that I may have to get one for my jealous training partner (my wife).  Updated:  July 10, 2007 Just ordered one for my wife, she is gonna love it.  Only regret is that I didn't buy it sooner.
Originally purchased this for my grandfather who walks every day.  But then remembered that he had a pacemaker and there was a warning to contact your physician if this was the case.  It worried him too much so I ended up keeping it for myself.  It is a little bulky, but works as described.  I did have a little tree interference, but it re-calculated quickly.  I have not used the heart monitor yet.
I purchased this about 3 months ago to help me keep track of my fitness level and to help me push new goals.  The GPS is extrememly accurate, when I run on a marked coarse the 301 is right on the money.  The only issue I have had with the GPS is that sometimes it takes a while to acquire the signal, but I have worked around it and I just turn it on while I'm doing my stretches, by the time I'm done stretching it is ready to go.  I have had no prolems with the heart rate monitor as several other reviews said they had, once it has the signal it doesn't lose it. I also use this on my Bike, and it has accuratly gauged my rides of 70 to 80 miles without incident and only minimal GPS loss through heavy trees.The only flaw with this model is the software.  On days that I can't run outside and I have to run on an indoor track (GPS obviously doesn't work indoors), so I just time myself and use the heart rate monitor portion.  The unfortunate thing is that it doesn't record your distance without GPS and the software will not let you enter the distance traveled if you want to keep a record of it.Other than that one flaw, this is an excellent training aid and everyone I have let borrow my 301 has purchased one of their own.  I don't know how I ran without it before!
My wife and I have a Garmin 201 & 301.  We are very happy with them both.  They take the guess work out of time & distance allowing us to try new routes more easily.I recommend paying the extra for the 301.  The advertised difference, of course, is the heart rate monitor.  But the biggest advantage to me is it connects to your pc with a USB connection.  Just plug it in after a run and it uploads your workout stats into your record book.  The 201 uses a serial port connection and frankly, I've never gone to the trouble of connecting it to my pc.
I have the Forerunner 305 and I love it.  It monitors my heart rate, my pace, my route, my distance, elevation, and my lap and total time.  When I download the information, I get a plot of up to 4 variables vs time or vs distance. The GPS location seems to be accurate to about 5-10 feet horixontally and 15-20 feet vertically. I am amazed.  I run in Santa Fe, a high desert with no tall buildings.  It took awhile to figure out all of the options and I still have not used them all.  You can program 3 screens with 2-4 readouts on each.  I display 4 values on each screen. One screen for instantaneous lap values of time, distance, pace and heart rate.  One screen for last lap total time and distance and average values of pace and heart rate, and one screen for total workout values of the same parameters.
Wonderful gear for runners/walkers. Easy to use. Heart rate is accurate once you learn to place it correctly. Creating a workout is not as intuitive as I'd hoped but you can get through it once you've played with the software once or twice. A definite deal on Amazon - nearly $100 cheaper than anywhere else.
This was a Christmas gift and a real surprise. It works wonderfully and I'm thrilled at the several things it offers.
Works almost perfect, no problem with satelite reception, HRM.All bad review are results people don't understand how GPS working.Have it for a month already and love it.
Thank you for alowing me to share my joy with this unit. I love the garmin 301 forerunner wrist GPS. It has alot of features and not difficult to program. I choose this unit for the window size so I can see the information quickly. I use garmin forerunner 301 for a multiple of functions. First, I utilize the miles per hour to increase my speed in walking and running. It has a virtual runner in the window which will pass you up if you are not maintaining your speed. I also used the unit while I trail ride on my horse in the deep woods. It not only allows me to mark a spot, after riding some 15 miles, I then can re locate my original mark spot and it will direct me to the exact location. In addition it has a bread crumb picture that you can also follow. I had return from a ride just as it got dark and I used both functions to find my way in the dark and in the woods. Plus you always have the  compass of north, south east and west. I love it and I use it a few times a day. It is true that the heart rate sometimes does not pick up. Just make sure the placement is correct and good contact. If you are active, you will love this. thank you.
Within a week I sold my altimeter, heart rate monitors and bike computers. I immediately realized I didn't need any of them any more. And above and beyond merely replacing the functions of these items, this device gives functionality and analysis capability that none of these devices are capable of providing. I've never been all that anal about analysing training data, but this is the best and most useful training tool I've acquired in at least 20 years.
I bought two Garmin Forerunner 301s; one for myself and one for my adult son.  It is easy to use and tracks my workouts for running, biking and rollerblading.  I can easily switch between modes while I'm exercising to see my heart beat and pace.  The software has helped me record and track my training progress.  I would give the 301 model a "best buy" on Amazon.  It is worth the money.
Have not had a chance to use the software yet, but the unit its self give you alot of information after compleating your workout.. more than satisfided
I have had this Forerunner 301 for a week now and it works flawlessly. I take walks on a trail that's approximately 1 mile every day and have done so prior to the purchase of the Forerunner for almost 2 years. I know the exact distance of the trail because they have signs that indicate the distance traveled along the trail. The past week I've been walking and running on the trail and almost every time the distance traveled was the same. You get instances where it's off by 0.01or 0.02 miles but that's as bad as it gets. Some will complain about this but, let's be honest, this is a tool and tools are never perfect. If you find it annoying that it's of by 0.01 or 0.02 miles then compensate for it.I have used the heart monitor twice and it works as expected. One thing I don't like about it is the fact that you have to strap it to your chest. Perhaps that's the best way to get accurate reading but I would have preferred an arm band, wrist, or even finger type of device.The navigation feature is not complicated nor is it complex. It's pretty much a waypoint based mapping. Basically, you set points along your trail rout and it will mark those points on your map. You can use the way points to navigate the map. The navigation map allows you to zoom in up to 20ft on your rout.Customization is one area I would like to see improvements. You can only have one screen that's customizable. Personally, I'd like to see as many stats as possible. I can't complain though because you can always change the sports type and get a different customized screen for each sport.You might have noticed that all the images of the device don't show someone wearing it. This is because the sucker is a bit blocky. Don't fret though, it's not enormous and the features its packing can't be had with a smaller sized device.The good:* Features, features, features.* Accuracy.* Heart rate monitor.* Usability.* Calories burned information.* Elevation information.* Workout history.* Battery Life.The bad:* Bit oversized.* Needs more customizable screens.* Signal acquisition takes a few minutes sometimes (I live in Seattle and its cloudy sometimes).* Doesn't work indoors (for me at least and that's not what I bought it for).
I love this heart rate monitor.  It is very easy to use and keeps me on track with my goals.
I love my Garmin Forerunner 301!  Since I've gotten it I haven't run without it-  The training assistant is my favorite feature because it helps me train at the pace I want to be at.I definitely recommend this watch and it's at a reasonable price point.
I am very pleased with the forerunner and all its features. I sometimes question the heartrate meter but overall am happy with it.
I have the Forerunner 201 and liked it very much.  Combined it with my Polar S810 and Sportsim software and was able to coordinate the heartrate info plus minus Ok.The 301 solves that.  Garmin's Training Center software (2.3.3 beta) is a vast improvement over the previous "Logbook" software.  In particular the graphing function is quite useful.  No, the software is not perfect and I have several things that I think should be changed but it works well for me when it comes down to analyzing the run.  I also use Topofusion 2.51 (also beta-earlier versions can't read 301 data accurately) and am able to view runs on USGS satelite maps including landsat images.  It also has some nice analysis features and allows Digital Elevation Map data to correct elevation data.The device is nearly identical in appearance - buttons are a little easier to use, has USB instead of serial interface.  Does not have WAAS and still is plus minus 30 feet accurate although I think it has improved algorithms.  Device software has been improved mostly with addition of multisport options and workouts.Multisport isn't well supported (IMHO) particulary within Garmin's Training Center, but I think it is still considered beta software.Workouts are very nicely done and I have used the Training Center software to setup workouts that are uploaded to the device and then executed when you run.  These are intuitive and straightforward to use and I have found them to be quite useful, especially with the HR monitor.No real problems.  Some have complained that the instantaneous accuracy of the device is variable and this is probably true but overall the real time data is accurate in my experience (over a year with the 201 and 3 months with the 301).  Compared to measuring distances with my car's odometer and then guessing pace based on a stopwatch - what do we want?  Once uploaded to the computer data looks pretty accurate.  Occasional track points are obviously erroneous - if you use Topofusion you can edit the track to correct these.  I have a 4 mile route that I run frequently - 2 miles out and back.  Distance variance is about 1/10th mile and the tracks line up well - errors do occur but over about 10 seperate runs they are pretty consistent - not perfect, consistent.I have had no problems linking to satelites or losing signal using the device in south Texas, Salt Lake, Park City, Maine, New Hampshire, Oklahoma and in airplanes between.  This applies to both the 201 and 301.Heart rate data analysis has been exciting.  Never could accurately line up the data points using my Polar monitor and the 201.  I have actually discovered helpful correlations using the HR and speed/elevation data graphs from this device that weren't possible before.Overall, quite pleased with the device.  Training Center software is acceptable and for me actually useful.  If you are willing to utilize other software (Topofusion, Sportsim) you can get quite a bit out of this device.
No doubt about it...buy one!  Other than it's bulky size, it is the best pieces of equipment on the market.
Great product. I love to run and take stats and this is easy to understand and use. I have a Mac, so the disc could not be read by my computer, but to download the program was also simple.
The Garmin Forerunner 301 is an excellent product.I have used a Pharos GPS unit (negative fifteen thousand stars) and DeLorme Earthmate LT-20 (point zero zero one star). This product far surpasses the Pharos and DeLorme in every single way.The Forerunner worked flawlessly from the moment I removed it from its packaging. The heart rate monitor gave me no problems at all, unlike some other reviews I had read. The unit quickly acquired the satellites (takes about two minutes with a partial southern view, thirty seconds with a clear southern view), and it was very accurate in mapping my position.It works in buildings as long as you have an occasional southern window. It works on my dashboard. It works in my trunk. It even works under the driver's seat. Yes, I purposefully tested those locations.This is a great product that works flawlessly. Good job, Garmin!
The watch is great.  Very accurate.  Can not beat the value.
Easy to use, Readable display, lap splits, virtual training partner, accurate GPS data...It does everything you need in a wrist-top computer.
I bought this for my husband 3 years ago and it's still going strong. He's used it 6 days a week since I gave it to him. Great purchase
I was concerned about this product because of the negative reviews and particularly about the heart monitor.  But I received it the next day after ordering from Amazon - whose service continues to get better for me - and I immediately charged the battery and then set up my profile.The next morning I used it for the first time and the heart rate monitor worked flawlessly for me.  The GPS was exceptional as well.  The heart rate monitor worked as well or better than my trusty Polar and they agreed with each other, too.The only negatives I experienced were: 1) that the unit seemed a little bulky to me at first but I gradually became accustomed to it; 2) the lap button is near the start/stop button and I run in the dark so I had a bit of trouble with laps.  I think I'll get the hang of the buttons soon.Also the Training Center software did not work and I had to download the latest version from the web site.  But I like the training center software just fine for my needs.I would recommend it.
THIS IS AN EXCELLENT GPS SYSTEM. MY WIFE USES THIS TO RUN AND I USE IT TO BIKE. GREAT FEATURES.
The Garmin Forerunner 301 is an incredible tool, but make no mistake--you will need to learn how to use it.Basic functionality of gathering distance, pace, and time is easy--turn the Garmin on and press the start button.  But if you want more, like a virtual partner, auto-lap markers  or directions home, you need to spend some time playing with it and reading the manual.I can guarantee that every minute you spend learning will be worth it, though.  My favorite feature is the ability to set pace alerts.  When running, the unit will signal me with one beep if I'm running 2:00/mile too fast and another beep if I'm running 2:00/mile too slow.  It also auto-pauses when I stop and begins to record this as "rest time".  Oh yeah, and it will help you find your car in a parking lot.There are many more features that can be used with this item, so I suggest you download the manual for more detailed info.As for the accuracy of the GPS unit, it is excellent within standard GPS parameters.  What the heck does that mean?  No GPS can track you in a tunnel, and no GPS can track a moving target in a forest.  (I'm sure the military has something for these applications, but we're talking about a wristwatch priced in the low hundreds here)  So when you run in an open field on a clear day, the Garmin will be nearly flawless.  But when you run in the city or in a park, be prepared for some inaccuracy.  If you hit open sky every once in a while, you should be fine, but just be aware that it will not be perfect.Some tips:1. Each time you're out for a run, wait for the Garmin to acquire its signal before starting.  A little bit of patience pays off when your start location is accurate.2. All data produced by the GPS is a "best estimate".  Don't get worried if your pace alert says that you're running at 2:15 minutes per mile.  Wait a second and it will clear up (unless you really are that fast!)3. The Garmin probably uses the same Mini-USB connector as your digital camera, so try it out before swapping cables!In short, if you are willing to take the time to understand the Forerunner 301, you will LOVE it.  If reading the manual and minor tinkering is not for you, then you might want to think twice.  Have fun!
I bought the Garmin Forerunner for my husband for Christmas. We have used it when we ride our bikes. It mounts on the handlebar where it is easy to see. It displays our current speed, average speed, and distance traveled. It is nice to know how many miles we are biking.Tip: The GPS takes longer to locate the satelites when someone is standing over or next to the device. It works best if you take a few steps back, so there is no interference.
I have had the Forerunner 301 for about six weeks.  I love it!  It has worked great.  Some reviews complain about the heartrate monitor, but I have had no problems.  If you want a device to keep track of all elements of your running, this is it.
I don't know how I ever ran without one of these.  It tells you everything you need to know about your run so you can plan future runs.  The 301 comes with a USB connection to the computer (as opposed to a serial connection). Just this feature alone justifies buying it over the 201 model if you want to download the information to your computer.  I have had this for 2 years and have loved it every time I run.  The only issue I have with it is its satellite signal strength.  Sometimes it has a hard time getting locks on satellites but I can't justify spending the extra $ to get the 305 just for the infrequent times that it has weak satellite signals.
The price finally came down enough where I could justify buying the G301.  And it has been worth every cent.  It hasn't misbehaved or given me trouble yet and I'm very satisfied with it.  The MotionBased website is the big plus as well...the Training Center PC software is good but the interactivity with MB is awesome.
I have owned and/or used nearly every pedometer, HRM and speed monitor made, including those by Suunto, Polar, Fitsense, Sports Instruments, Reebok, Timex, Nike and others. I have spent thousands over the years. Hear me when I tell you that the Garmin Forerunner 301 bests ALL of them by a longshot! It is one of the cheapest, yet most reliable devices I have owned. It is well designed, scientifically sound, easy to use and more accurate than all the others combined.I bought the Garmin Forerunner 301 shortly after smashing (yes, literally) my Fitsense FS1 into pieces at the local track. I finally had enough of the problems and unreliability. Most of all, I was SICK of having my sports instrument, the very thing that is supposed to motivate me, get in the way of training. The others are no better and some are much worse.Here is what I want to share with you about the Forerunner 301:Having had a Garmin GPS12 for 5 years now, I can see that Garmin has used every ounce of experience from their GPS products on this very fine product. The software for the unit is well written and convenient to use though some who are technically challenged may find it tedious. I personally like the software and find that the unit consistently does exactly what I want it to do.The large rectangular screen is very easy to read and is highly configurable. That means you can display all the information you want on a single page. Virtually every parameter of the device can be customized or adjusted to your preference. I love that the backlight illuminates automatically when I reach transitions in my workouts- no more fumbling with buttons just to see what is happening! The green backlight is easy on the eyes as well.Battery life is stellar! And, as if a computer controlled Lithium Ion battery isn't great enough, the geniuses at Garmin let us charge the unit from an AC adapter (included) or the USB cable (included). That means you can charge from ANY COMPUTER WITH A USB PORT. There is no need to drag another adapter along with your laptop- just plug the 301 in and you are charging. Plus, a full charge lasts me at least 8 hours. And, it charges quickly (1 hour).I really do not see what the fuss is about the heart rate monitor. Although it does seem to be sensitive to EMI/RFI (interference) from various sources, including my computer CRT, I have had no trouble whatsoever when I am running. I suspect that some users are not using the strap properly. I keep the unit clean, install fresh batteries regularly, wet the electrodes thoroughly and fit the unit snugly in the center of my chest just above my sternum. I have yet to experience a single problem. I do recall suspecting a malfunction with the HRM when I first tried the 301, but it was my own fault. There are a lot of numbers that can appear on the display and I was misreading the values. My 301 is set to display how many BPM or %Max I am away from my next goal, so instead of seeing a 141bpm, I see 13bpm and an arrow indicating if I am beneath or above the target. I was confused by this functionality until I read the manual and got acquainted with the unit.If you are experiencing something more than what can be corrected with reading the instructions, knowing how to use the features and proper use of the chest strap then just send it in for warranty repair `cause something is wrong. Not to worry, there is a full one year warranty on it also!The GPS portion of the device is solid as a rock. Yes, GPS signals come from satellites and require that much of the sky be visible in order to work, but temporary interruptions don't mean squat. If there is a period in your activity where the GPS signal is weak or absent, the software in the device simply compensates for it by measuring between the last known points. If you are running through tunnels, deep urban streets or coal mines then expect a problem, but otherwise, the thing does its job as well or better than anything else I have used.The PC software installed and worked without any problems. My data transferred seamlessly and I was able to view graphs and manipulate data without any difficulties whatsoever. It is true that the graphics on the software aren't going to compete with a video game, but who cares? I want reliable data, flawless operation and speedy transfers, not fluffy graphics.Serious athletes should consider the Garmin Forerunner 301. It is easily the best solution that there is! Good luck and enjoy your fitness!
I own quite a bit of Garmin equipment, so the purchase decision was pretty simple.  The unit arrived and was simple to use and  worked exactly as expected.  Until the third use.  It went MIA.  Wouldn't charge, no lights, no blue tooth, etc.I ordered a replacement and it has been working great for 4 months now.  I believe this was a very isolated incident, as I believe Garmin's quality to be quite high.I use the device to interface with Microsoft Streets & Trips running on my tablet PC via blue tooth.
I tried about 8 different GPS units.  All varying in size, purpose, etc and decided on this unit.  I finally decided on the GPS10.  It connected easily to my BlueTooth enabled PDA.  The software is perfect.  The GPS travels with me easily across the country . . . it even helped me find the Rainbow Bridge at Lake Powell.  If you already have a PDA, this unit is perfect, compact, and reliable.
I am using this GPS bluetooth reciever with a Dell X30. I am using mapopolis navigator software. I couldn't be hppier with this combination. The accuracy is uncanny. I live in the mountains of NH and have had only minor delays in getting a fix on really snowy days.
I own two Garmins: a StreetPilot 2620 and StreetPilot 7200 and wanted to try an external antenna to see how much difference it would make. The price of this unit made it ideal for such a trial. The antenna arrived today and I immediately tried it with my 7200. Whoa!!! What an incredible difference! Before plugging the antenna in my 7200 was tracking five or six satellites and the bars were 1/3 to 1/2 height. Accuracy was reported as 23 feet. As soon as I hooked the antenna up the bars went to nearly full height and I was tracking more satellites. And...accuracy went to 7 feet...!!! I have read some reviews that claim Gilsson antennas are cheaply made, but that is not the case with the one I received. It is a very sturdy-feeling device and boy does it work! Highly recommended...
I was having trouble with my Garmin GPS dropping out while driving and now it stays locked on even in bad reception areas.
this product is great it helped me save my unit st poilet 2720 by using this product my unit works better then ever the inside antenna does not work anymore do to my own fault but this product helped me save my unit thanks!
Small and inexpensive antenna for an iQueM5 that provides excellent reception.Well worth the investment and allows you flexibility in positioning your GPS.
I have an Garman iQue 3600 which of a sudden stopped receiving satellite reception.  I was going to buy a new unit, but happened to see this product and noted in some prior reviews that one or more users had experienced the same internal antenna failure.  I made the purchase and have found the external antenna works fine.  Now I'm going to get the replacement battery kit and install install it.  If that goes well, I should be able to use the iQue 3600 for a few more years.  Thanks to all the prior reviewers for their comments and helpful suggestions.  The camp mirror idea was particularly interesting.
I love this antenna.  I've been using it for myGarmin GPSMAP 60CSsince I bought it several years ago.  Well, recently after a long day of kayaking, watching the STS-119 shuttle launch, and then battling traffic to get home, I was exhausted and sore.  I haphazardly yanked on the antenna cable to remove it from my kayak's deck bag, and the connector separated from the cable and stayed attached to the receiver's antenna port.Oops.  Truly not a fault of the antenna.  I'm here to buy another one, and noticed I hadn't left a review yet.I've had this thing on my kayak (in fresh water and salt water), on top of my car, clipped to the outside of my backpack, you name it.  It has performed admirably every step of the way.And the performance is excellent. On my last kayak outing, I was getting a consistent 5-foot accuracy on my 60CS, which I have never once achieved with the built-in antenna.  Doing the Rock Springs Run here in Central FL with consistent heavy tree cover, I have always been able to get 8-foot accuracy or better.At any rate, it's such a significant difference that I'm buying another one immediately, and when I upgrade receivers (probably within the week), I'll be choosing theColorado 400iover theOregon 400ibecause the Oregon doesn't have a port for an external antenna!
Before I ordered this low profile GPS antenna, my Garmin Nuvi 680 was having serious problems acquiring a signal; my signal strength alternated between nothing and one bar.  The problem started a little over 2 years after I purchased the GPS device and had gone on for a couple weeks.  I was worried I'd have to shell out a bunch of money for a new GPS.  First, I decided to look at an external antenna and this one received some great reviews.When I received the external GPS antenna, I noticed it had a nice, long cord.  This didn't matter much to me, as I keep my GPS on the dashboard with a friction mount, but it's a nice feature.  Attaching the antenna was as simple as screwing in the gold plated connector.  Ever since, my signal has been at the strongest levels and accuracy seems to have improved too.  If you aren't receiving a strong signal on your Garmin, I can't recommend this antenna high enough.
Really boosts up any GPS signal even in cities with skyscrapers. Definitely a must have accessory if you have GPS.
My old Garmin Qwest II GPS, using its built-in antenna, takes a long time to acquire satellites when first powered up and often lost the satellite signal in locations with obscuring trees or hills. This antenna plugs right into the port on the Garmin and, though totally passive, makes a huge difference in time to acquire and in the ability to hold on to the satellite signal. I use it on a motorcycle and its quite small size and long cord make monting very easy and unobtrusive.
The title really says it all.  I have my Nuvi 750 positioned low on my center console, where its satellite reception was "just okay."  I simply ran the antenna's cord under my dash and positioned the antenna on the dashboard near the front edge of the windshield.  I now receive a high strength signal from all available satellites, resulting in greater accuracy and much faster startup (the Nuvi "acquires" the satellites easily within a few seconds, usually before I've pulled out of my garage).An excellent product, well worth the cost.
My Garmin Quest fold-out antennae had been broken off in a "moving drop" and would no longer receive signals consistently. This little external antennae performed beautifully for the last 3 weeks of riding my bike across several western states. It picked up satellites quickly and only lost reception once under a canopy of redwood trees in California.
Resolved an issue with location of GPS mount in vehicle. Mounted against the ceiling of truck cab (metal roof), I would lose satellite reception fairly frequently. After installing and connecting this antenna, problem resolved. Also the straight plug (versus the 90 degree version) is significantly easier to attach and detach. I don't like to leave my expensive electronics in plain sight (pesky thieves) so I remove the GPS unit from the cab. I just wish Garmin would build a mount that incorperates the antenna and power in one connector... (like my cell phone) and can be attached with something other than a suction cup.  Hint Hint Garmin.
...until I added a ground plane. I have a Garmin i2 (tiny GPS with tiny internal antenna) on my scooter; five minutes or more to get a position lock. I bought the Gilsson remote antenna (sorry Amazon, I had to buy it directly from Gilsson because you don't sell it with the motorcycle-friendly three-foot cord) and at first I couldn't get even three bars. Then I realized it needs a ground plane (a hunk of metal) underneath. I stuck a little steel camping mirror on my bugscreen and latched the Gilsson to it using its very strong magnet. Twenty seconds later, I had a lock; ten seconds after that, I had five bars of signal, something I had never gotten with the i2 on even its best day. So long as it has some metal underneath, I get five bars within a minute of powerup, and if the GPS has been on recently, I get it within seconds. I think this may be my first five-star review ever - what else can I say?
The on-board antennae of my GPS fail. This fixed the problem and has better reception. Nice six foot cable. Magnetic back sticks to bumper. Nice
Love this, I have two, one each for my Garmins, a Street Pilot and a GPS60C portable I carry with me.  It will get a good strong signal in the garage with the door closed! Satellites come up very fast with it, takes a long time with out.  Since they replaced my windshield I've had trouble getting a signal in the open at all with out using it. Worth every penny and more. Get the window mount if it isn't included. BTW NavSphere has always been great to deal with.
Seattle can have terrible GPS reception, especially when driving North/South on I-5. There seems to be a number of dead zones around the city. I own a Garmin 760 and sometimes I can drive all the way to my destination before it acquires a satellite. However, using one of these Gillson antennas I get full satellite signals almost right away and the accuracy is so good it can tell what lane you are in!
works like a charm.
I have a Garmin Street Pilot. The car I primarily use it in has an in-windshield antenna that prevents the Garmin from finding the satellites. I bought this, stuck it on the roof, and plugged it into the Gramin and it works better than it ever has. It finds the satellites as least twice as fast and never loses the signal. Have been using this for about 6 months now with no problems whatsoever. I highly recommend it.
Accessory antenna attached to windshield by suction cups is out of sight (except for the wire) behind the rearview mirror and increases the signal strength to my Garmin 60cs handheld GPS. Allows the handheld to be held under the metal roof for a closer look and handed to others in the vehicle without loosing the satellite signal. I'm very pleased.
This really pulls in the signals, and much more quickly than the built-in.  Short cord good good for use on foot.  Might be a bit short for some car layouts, but fine for my Sentra.  Recommended
I love this antenna.  I've been using it for myGarmin GPSMAP 60CSsince I bought it several years ago.  Well, recently after a long day of kayaking, watching the STS-119 shuttle launch, and then battling traffic to get home, I was exhausted and sore.  I haphazardly yanked on the antenna cable to remove it from my kayak's deck bag, and the connector separated from the cable and stayed attached to the receiver's antenna port.Oops.  Truly not a fault of the antenna.  I bought another one quickly.I've had this thing on my kayak (in fresh water and salt water), on top of my car, clipped to the outside of my backpack, you name it.  It has performed admirably every step of the way.And the performance is excellent. On my last kayak outing, I was getting a consistent 5-foot accuracy on my 60CS, which I have never once achieved with the built-in antenna.  Doing the Rock Springs Run here in Central FL with consistent heavy tree cover, I have always been able to get 8-foot accuracy or better.At any rate, it's such a significant difference that I'm buying another one immediately, and when I upgraded receivers recently, I chose theColorado 400Tover theOregon 400Tspecifically because the Oregon doesn't have a port for an external antenna!One important note, though, is the connector type - choose carefully. If you have a model that has the antenna port on the back (like the 60-series), then choose the angle connector.  If your antenna port is on top of the unit (like the Colorado), choose the straight connector.  I made the mistake of getting the angle connector for the Colorado, and it's impossible for me to remove the connector without pliers, due to the tight connector and minimal finger space to get a good grip on it.Also, in my experience (having had both a 9-ft cable and a 3-ft cable), if you're doing any hiking or geocaching with it, do yourself a favor and get the shorter cable.  My longer cable spent all of its time coiled up and getting in the way. You could always get an extension cable for the rare occasions where you need the length, and leave it at home the rest of the time.
I have two of these for my two older Garmins and love them.  I can get a signal in my garage with the door closed, it acquires satellites much faster.  I was using it the other day and was impressed that it didn't loose the signal in a long tunnel, the radio lost the station I was listening too but the GPS didn't.  One of the few products I have no complaints about it after using it for a while.  Buy the window mount and just stick it up above your mirror out of the way and it will work great.