$6 more to buy for Kindle thru Amazon than the same thing through playstore for Android.  A real disappointment with Amazon.
Almost everytime I buy coins on my kindle fire, it messes up and closes and sometimes my coins don't get applied but I still get charged the money
And I tried to use the coins to buy extra life and extra moves that I can not use.  It shows that I purchased them on my email and it deduct them from my Amazon account However I don't get to use them on the game.  This is very frustrating and unfair.
Bought these thinking I could use them for in-app purchases. WRONG!!! They don't tell you that you can't use them if you are on a first generation Kindle, and if you mistakenly purchase them thinking that you can - they will not refund your money! What a bunch of crooks!
Coins to buy apps etc are a great idea but it look forever for the coins to be credited to my account.
guess i dont understand this coin business as my 5 year old grandson wants to play games and you keep needing these coins to play on further and to purchase ammo and stuff.my 50.00 gift cad balance aws gone in no time..50.00 just to play an afternoon of games for him???????
I am a new Kindle Fire owner and I seem to be spending too much on coins so I have no idea how you would expect me to rate this!!
I bought numerous coins and only was able to retrieve  half of them. They would not load. I won't purchase any more or recommend any to do so.
I bought some Amazon Coins so I could buy an app for my child to use. I already had some Amazon Coins but needed the extra ones to complete the amount needed for this app &#34;Puzzingo Puzzles&#34;. I followed the directions to apply the needed 1500 coins for the app, which had a purchase price of $14.99 if I wanted to pay for it, but instead of the coins being applied, I was charged the $14.99 on my Amazon credit card, so now I have a charge of $14.99 (cost of the game), plus the $10.00 charge for buying the extra 1000 Amazon Coins . Total cost for this game $24.99. I still have the 1500 coins to use, but now I'm afraid to purchase any more apps for fear of getting charged again instead of having the coins applied as directed!!  Something is wrong with this feature!!
I do not receive all the moves I purchase. Always seems to be a problem and I get a message that I have to re-download the game I have been playing.
I don't even know how to rate this...What is it and why do I have to rate it? I just want it to get off my review page
I fin or found the coins usesless. Just spend your money if you are making a purchase in app store.
I had a gift card and wanted to buy coins and had a very difficult time trying to do so without a credit card. Amazon gave me credit for the amazon gift card but would not let me apply that credit to purchase of the coins. I AM STILL NOT SURE IF I used my credit or if it charged my card!?!
I have &#34;bought&#34; these twice and it doesn't register that they were purchased. I keep trying. Maybe it will work later.
I have problems with receiving coins and other products that I have order through this store. Almost always have to contact someone to either refund or force purchase through.
I have to purchase more coins than  I need, so my money sits around unused. But I suspect this what you wanted in the first place.Frankly, if you contiue forcing me to use the coins, I will drop my account and take my business elsewhere.
i have tried to open or cliam but still cant claim my purchase please refund my gift card asap thankyou
I just ordered some on the Amazon coins and I am trying to find a link to go to to find my total coins available to see if I got my "free" 500 and they were added to the ones I just bought. Also how do I use these when purchasing? I guess I did not read enough before making the purchase.  My mistake.  Please reply.
I ordered 1000 coins and it took 499 of them without giving me my 7000 chips I had ordered with them
I ordered 1000 coins on my kindle Fire HD for a Casino game. My account was charged but I have never received the Coins.  I suggest you not buy coins, as you never get them!
I ordered one of these a day later Amazon charged me for a another one!!!  I DONT WANT IT!!! Take it back and give me back my money!
I purchased 1000 coins, got verified email and can see that I ordered them under digital orders but I can't figure out how to get to them. It still only says I have 5 coins from before. I go to buy a game, it only lets me go to 1 click purchase, I pick my card account and mailing address and then it's loading,loading,loading forever. There is no technical support to call. Are my coins lost?  I'm never going to buy coins again. It's ridiculous.
I purchases more than 1000 tokens and used them for one game. Spent about $50.00. Was at level 93 and had a lot of prizes won and puzzle parts. Coindozer is the game. Well go back on to play next day and back to level one all prizes and puzzle parts gone. And they dont know why. So why should I pay for them?  UGH!!!  Otherwise I love Amazon and my kindle. Still trying to trouble shoot problem.
I tried to buy coins, so that I could play more on Jelly Splash.  They never showed up as available.
It took me 2 hours to buy my son 1000 coins because of Amazon's 1 touch ordering they do everything in there power to make you leave your card on file if I had the chance to do it over I would have saved my money and just bought a regular tablet! I had to call customer service 3 times and finally got a straight answer and someone I could understand what they was saying! Not worth the headache!!!!!!
I was very disappointed I don't think I received  them. I purchased them  from coin dozed app and they just never showed up.
I will never again fall into this trap.  Was very disappointed.  I was trying to complete a level on Candy Crush.
Just decided to use my free 500 coins that came with my Kindle fire, but had to buy another 500 to be able to purchase the app I was looking at. I successfully purchased the additional coins but couldn't purchase the app. It turns out the issue is that there is tax on the purchase even with coins (though not on the coin purchase which was done with money so it would make sense). This meant that I paid $5 to not be able to buy a $10 app. I will now have to pay a total of $15 + tax to end up with the $10 app and have a bunch of coins that didn't do what I wanted. Thanks Amazon, you successfully micro-charge tricked me (and the government got in on it).
Listed as 4.80  and charged 9.50?????  Very disappointed in this mis-leading purchase.  I am not sure if I will order this way again.
My coins were not added to my account....where are they  ????  It showed my order and payment but no coins were added to my account.
Ordered a phone which I could not activate because it was either a lost or stolen phone. So disgusted I just bought a new phone through Verizon. Now I just have to box this phone that will never work for anyone, drive to post office and wait on a refund. I will never order anything else.
Purchased 1000 coins but they aren't there for me to use...got charged for them. Anyone have any suggestion? I would like to use what I paid for!!
Purchased coins. I bought an app and coins were not applied :( hope I will be able to use them...
The coins have not showed up in my game. Candy Crush Saga. Where are they?please correct this. Thank you. Kitty
The coupon said 165000 coins for 1.99 I only received 1000 coins rip off.  If I new I would get 1000 coins I would not have bothered.
The only things I could purchase was kid stuff.  Then I decided and I thought it was a Christmas show and it was a book.  Plus how do you get more coins
This is the second time I order a thounsand coins and yet I can look at them here and not get to spend them..Thinking really hard about dumping you guys and selling my kindle fire.At least on this laptop I can s a picture of them.Dont get to spend them or even look at them on the kindl,yet you say I spent them yet I haven't . then it would be nice if you would just trust t..if you could see my he customer when I say I haven't gotten them I haven't gotten them.....But nice picture of coins if you could see my purches you could see that I might of bought them but never spent them. I have had 75 coins on my kindle for months.First time I got coins from you got to use them but I haven't been able to get them or spend them on my kindle,Infact there are a bunch of games with apps in them some of them my password works the other half of the time I don't get to use them,
This purchase failed no less than 3 times but I was billed for it 3 times! I am done with purchasing Candy Crush premiums!!!! Only needed one more move to find.ish level. Took my money 3 times according.g to my account but cod not play.
Too expensive Too shady reveal upfron that you have to spend real money to buy these coins and they are not cheap.
Took my money and did not give me any coins!!! On three separate occasions the coins were deducted but I did not receive any.
When coins are purchased on Amazon using your kindle they should automatically be added and show up on my Kindle. I hit my cloud tab and don't see them but can find where they were paid for on Amazon. Help.
didn't got my donuts on my Simpsons tapped out game give me more ..thanks i still love amazon guys peace
I buy coins and they don't load. I'm not very happy as today bought 1000 coins only 108 loaded. Want ally my other 864 coins back in my acct.  Lilly pops and extra moves never load.  You still owe me 218 Lilly pop coins from Friday that never loaded. S o all together you owe me 1,072 coins.  I'm really frustrated. One move left to win t he game I was playing and your coins don't work.  Extremely frustrating.  Please reimburse my acct
I can't even get the coins.I sat there for 1 whole hour and I got nothing.This is bull s***
I CHOSE the one star rating because I tried to &#34;upgrade &#34;my point s o I could play longer with less money.  THEY FREFFERED ME. TO THE  GAME SITE MAKERS AND THEY IN TURN TOLD ME IT WAS AMAZON.COM's responsibility. I  wonder &#34;is that any way to run a railroad&#34;?  I AM 86 years old, and do not have the time to wait for another hour for more &#34;lives&#34;!!
I have not been able to use my coins because the game, candy crush , has not been giving me my lives!  I have to keep calling to get my funds refunded.  What is going on?
I love this product, wish that I bought on much sooner, I am really enjoying the games and my Bible application. I use it every day, all day.
I'm not sure who came up with this idea, but I am loving it.  When can we use coins to buy ebooks.
I never ordered this and now I am charged $9 I didn't want to spend!!! No clue how this happened! Don't even know how to &#34;order&#34; &#34;coins&#34;!!!
I though I was saving money until I saw there was a tax when spending coins. A tax on fake money seems odd
I thought these coins would help me with the game Candy Crush. I bought the wrong ones, Now I have no use for them!
It just another way to rip us off thinking we are not spending money,  Do you really think that flushing money into coins is better than flushing money into arcades.  This is just another way to allow kids to rip off their parents wallets form home.  Pay coins for the games...it isn't money!!!PUHLEAZZE!
i wont buy these again. like a lot of things on Amazon, they dont make it easy to use, had to call them to get things straightened out, which is another fiasco. it's easier to google &#34;contact Amazon&#34; to find their contact number than it is to find it off of their site. WTF is that?
What to do with one's money? Save it, pay a bill, or spend it on virtual coins. I will not buy this product again.
I bought 1000 coins to purchase My Vegas Slots chips. I used 999 coins to buy chips. I never received my chips and 999 of my coins are gone. I purchase merchandise and ebooks from Amazon, now I will rethink buying anything again.
I did Not place an order for 1000 coins, but was charged for them. I had ordered 500 coins, then when I tried to spend my coins for extra moves in the game Candy Crush, I NEVER got the extra moves to play in the game. My coins were used to buy the extra turns (plays) without my receiving the moves. It is a rip off of your money.I was stupid enough to try and order some lollipops after being charged $10.00 for the coins I never ordered and never received, but they sure took the money from my checking account.. I NEVER received the lollipops I ordered either. Amazon owes me money, but unfortunately for me there is no way to contact them for a refund.I have bought books in the past to read and the service was excellent.S. EasterdayPrairiecactus@tctwest.net.
I have ord e red coins numerous times and because of doubledown malfunctioning site my order was not credited. A real pain!  However amazon is always quick to credit me. I suggest ordering them like this directly from Amazon and not from the app site
I purchased coins for my daughters kindle so she could make a in app purchase. Its been over 24 hours and still the coins are not available for her to spend on the kindle but the money is gone from my bank account. Starting to think I got ripped off.
Yeah, this kind of got me angry - actual SUPER angry.  1000 coins, which I thought was $10.00 was NOT, it was $100.00.  Surprise, Surprise.  Wonder how many people bought into that.....
I just heard about &#34;coins&#34; today. How are they earned and used? My daughter has a Kindle and we have never heard of &#34;coins&#34;. Please send me information.
OMG ~~~can I get my money back~~~I clicked it in accident !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i didn't know it paid so soon....I don't want it ~~~~~~~~~~Plz get my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am not sure how to go about getting these credited to my Kindle. I would not recommend a special to anyone on coins and would not do this again
This is the second time I made purchase that did not populate in game
Maybe the Wii Monopoly game has us spoiled.... the set up and rules are too rigid to make this enjoyable for us.
My Daughter clicked on this and we weren't aware therefore she bought the coins without our knowledge.  My 6 year old figured out how to change the one click settings and used the neighbor's wi fi
Where are my 1200 pearls that I used 1999 coins to purchase for my Nemo game? I am not happy.
I think you charge to much money for coins. U only get five life's for 108 on candy crush saga. It's nice that it gives u a voice between coins or 108 coming out of your account every time, feel it still to much!
Well, if I could figure out how to use 'em, I'd probably love them...but...whenever I check out the coins are nowhere to be found.Come on Amazon, don't sell them and then hide them. Show us, &#34;The Great Unwashed&#34; (w/3 Masters Degrees) how to use our coins.
Stayed pending FOREVER after purchase...please update and post to my account! I bought this for my son for christmas and ge hasn't benn able to use it.
I made a recent purchase for $23, and later, $9.50, of Amazon coins. During play on Candy Crush ( a total coin drain), I opted several times to use my coins (99 here, 199 there) and just now, when I checked my account balance on my bank account linked to 1-click, I found several charges for .99 and 1.99 that SHOULD HAVE BEEN TAKEN FROM MY COINS BALANCE.What a ripoff. I am not a fortune teller, but if I were I would foresee a class action lawsuit in Amazon's future.
I thought it was for all amazon products not just apps and games. I misread it. I still don't like it too much either
I made the purchase, you got your money, yet I never got my coins!!! Not happy at all!!!!!!So give me my money back or the coins
I bought these coins thinking I could use them to purchase ebooks, which is all I buy for my kindle.  Afterwords I discover that it is just for apps? I feel tricked and let down by this method of selling something on Amazon.  Perhaps I am wrong, but I see no real explanation of the full use of these coins anywhere.  I would like a refund which doesnt seem possible without calling you guys.  I am a heavy purchaser on Amazon, having had a few not so happy experiences with third party sellers and now this, I am wondering if this is a downward trend for Amazon.
Wrote to amazon twice about the coins not loading to game and still did not receive the credit!!!! I want my coins back or the coins to load onto the game!!
NOT happy at all. I play Candy Crush. KING game. I don't get the lives, lollipops, bombs. No ONE to call or complain to. You are just stuck with what you paid and no help. That part is ridiculously annoying . I won't buy anymore . Rip Off.
I wanted to purchase this as a gift and the purchase process didn't let me select gift as it usually does.
Takes way to long to deliver the coins.  It's been an hour and the coins have nit transferred to my account
i rated 1 stars as the promotion for brave frontier gems was ended which was not informed.As a result i feel sad
Because I was purchasing coins to pay for a purchase I wanted to make in Double Down and to date nothing has shown up as to the discounted coin purchase and I had to pay the full $18.00 in order to take advantage of the double coin purchase.  The purchase showed up and charged right away with the e-mail.  However, I should have $16.01 in Amazon Coins and I've seen nothing to that effect.  How I earn and what my account balance in coins is very hidden as far as I'm concerned!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello! I paid for the coins. My amazon card has been charged. Where are they? It does not show on my kindle!
I purchased Amazon coins and was charged twice. Not a big deal if I had actually received both purchases. Have not been able to fin  any information on how to handle this. Right no  I am out $23.00m
bad to have to buy coins to see, advertisments in free games, when you already purchased a kindle, which is loaded with ads.
Why would I use a coin system when I can use my card or cash? This is the most ridiculous Amazon scam yet! I don't understand why people are going for this nonsense. BUYING coins to use as MONEY? BWAAAHAHAHAHA
Not a good value for the money. Cannot use all the minted coins right away or within a few minutes. Amazon seems to take my money then the site fails.
Sometimes u don't receive them.
Useless to buy, what a waste of time. Do not like to give my monney for nothing. An other bit coin in the game.
Cost too much for what you get.  Haven't been able to access them either. Probably won't purchase any more. Tried to use to get past puzzle stumpers and could not access coins needed.
Assistance would be appreciated, I can not redeem the monies to use in the angry bird program, it only lets me buy more coins.  My grandchild loves angry birds and can not get enough coins to buy the characters to defeat the challenges.  I hope you will advise on a solution to this problem. as soon as possible.Mike Sroka
I ordered 1000 coins on 5/14/13 and didn't receive them. I'm having a hard time getting them and no way of contracting amazon about this. It's consider an digital order and it shows its paid. Who has my coins because I don't.
I may have understood in the past why the Kindle had to rely on 1-click settings. But it's not 2008 anymore and there's no reason the Kindle Fire shouldn't allow you to choose funding sources. I mean I can select a variety of payment methods from my Google Android phone when placing an order, why doesn't this occur with Amazon's tablet? Or here's an idea.. Why don't they clearly indicate coin purchases are going to be funded from default payment settings? Since I do not have 1-click active, this appears to be what happened. So they charged a card I didn't want charged for this purchase, I had no idea the order was going to be completed on the click I made, I expected payment options to appear. And of course.. i can't return these and repurchase with the correct credit card. Thanks Amazon. :(It's time to abandon 1-click screwing and allow a drop down menu of payment options on Tablets. Like I said, I have no problem being able to do this on my phone.
My son ordered about $50 in these &#34;coins&#34; without knowing what he was doing. It cost us a lot of time and money to get the mess figured out.
Yes, I'm buying when there's a promotion, but remember, that it's also my right if I want to get the full benefit of the products. I mean, is it wrong for me if I'm expecting I'll get 3 items when there's a promotion of buy 2 get 1 and I bought 2 items?So I purchased stuffs worth around 9400 coins consisting of a product worth of 6100 and 3300 coins each, and since the product is not delivered to me in around 12 hours, I asked what happened to my product, the Customer Service said there might be a tech. difficulty and said he'll refund me the coins. I was certainly happy that I thought I would be refunded for the exact same amount of coins.But what did I get? I was refunded only for 4700 coins, half of the product's worth. Of course I'm quite disappointed, since it couldn't even get the product that's worth 6100 coins anymore, and even with the bonus coins, I won't even be able to get half of the refunded items. I asked them if there's any way for Amazon to just help me to get what I wanted to get back, even said they can remove any bonuses in case of abusing. I've been chatting with their Customer Service, even the Floor Supervisor for around an hour. Not only it's really hard for me to hold my disappointment (and this is my first time purchasing here), but what's worst is that, because they can't help (and I did keep asking them to find a solution, just this once), they left me on the chat and now I got nothing but losing around normally $40 worth stuffs.I do admit, it's a great promotion, but the further service (refunding, especially) was horrible. They literally CUT OFF your coins for half of the price, straight, without counting what you can actually purchase if only you have the normal amount of refund. Their only solution for me is that I HAVE to buy MORE COINS if I want to purchase the products. I counted and to get my actual products, I had to pay around $15 more.All they can offer is a generic sorry message, and when they got nothing else to say, they straight left me severely disappointed.Next time, just don't make a promo if Amazon is not ready with the further troubleshooting. Not only their delivery is kind of messed up (not in sequence), took quite a long time. And in the end part, if your order is stuck, all they can offer is a refund, and in most cases if you do, this will mostly happen to you.P.S : I still have the script of the chat, in case anyone is interested, give me an idea on how should I share it.Regards,A severely disappointed, first time purchase in Amazon customer
I ordered 2500 coins for a discounted price of $23.00, what I got was 1930 coins.I attempted to reconcile this problem with the Amazon Support Group.They informed me that I should take it up with the game developer, FireMonkeys.I am not a happy camper.Was thinking of buying a new Kindle HDX, but now I'm thinking og an Ipad.
Amazon had no problem taking my money for these useless coins, but as I am deployed to Afghanistan, every time I tried to use them on my Kindle it said my address (shipping and billing) were wrong, every single time I tried to use them. I went to great lengths to make sure all my addresses were correct (obviously still US based for my cc). Not to mention how there is little to no support on how to address this issue, I now have 1500 useless coins to spend (which I won't be doing for the foreseeable future because of my deployment) and they keep wanting to take my regular money instead... Nope. Don't waste your time, saving a whole 50 for 10 dollars worth of coins is not worth it. Unhappy camper here, I couldn't find where to refund my money for these coins or anything. Just wasted my hard earned money.
Unfortunately the app I was using the coins for (Pocket Knights) is having a random continuing glitch with using the coins for in-app purchases.  Sometimes my purchase would go through without a hitch, sometimes the app would act as if nothing happened when using the coins to make the purchase.  After troubleshooting the issue with both the developer and Amazon twice and both concluding that the other party needed to fix the issue I decided that a refund was necessary.  Both Amazon and Pocket Knights Customer service teams were helpful and attentive throughout the couple of weeks that we tried to work out the problem but in the end I had to ask for a refund.  On the good side Amazon granted the refund without an argument.
I have no idea where my coins went. but I just received my cc bill and the charges all went to my cc and the coins could not be used for most purchases although you don't know that until you try to purchase something
Would be nice if there was an easy way to contact someone when coins don't post to your account or when you do an an in game purchase and it says you bought it but it isn't there. Instead you just eat the cost. Real nice.
I purchased $50.00 in coins for $40.00 which is a great deal.  However, I have no idea where they went.  I did just order them today but it seems they would show up in my Amazon Prime account pretty much at the same time.  No policy statement anywhere to tell me how long it will take to credit to my account?
I think I wasted ten bucks. I made the purchase because it seemed like a good value and I wanted to try an upgrade for an app I had. That purchase was a mistake due to the upgrade being no upgrade at all. Amazon refunded but now I found a great app to replace it with that was free. Anybody wanna buy my amazon coins?
Not enough coins, should be more. Maybe you guys should give us like 3500 coins. That would be nice. Thank you.
Paid 25 dollars to get Nothing again used in purchase for an app and wow disappeared again ..... Who would have guessed
Would be a five if you could buy anything with them. Not much use if all you can use them for is apps.
Will never buy coins again. I was very disappointed. Still have 105 coins I will never use because I will never buy anymore.
What a waste of money. If your app gets accidentally erased from device, you lose what money you spent - It's just a way to feel like you're not spending more money than you really are since it's only coins.
It would be a great purchase if when you used the coins you always received your purchase. Unfortunately in-app purchases are nonrefundable so if something messes up during your purchase you lose your coins and don't receive the item. Oh and it isn't their problem it's yours
THIS WAS ADVERTISED AS BUY 5000 GET 5000 FREE  BIG RIP OFF  WON'T BUY ANYMORE AT THE SPECIAL DEAL RATE !!!!  IS THIS YOUR NORMAL WAS TO RIP OFF YOU KINDLE CLIENTS
So my sister used all of her amazon coins so I felt bad an buyed a minecraft app it was a total scam it said that it would download house's to the game wich 1. I did not have because I don't play it and 2. I found out that it would have been a scam either way the app was called house builder design game wich costed 99 amazon coins I demand a refund &#62;:/
I am sitting here waiting for my order to become "Complete" and you have my money.  I just checked my account.  There is no excuse for not sending the coins when you have my money.9:41am - Still pending - Not cool  (you even verify the purchase according to this post!)
Got some error code......and no coins but you charged me. I'm not sure who to talk to but it sucks.
I purchased these to save money for in app purchases. The app I spent these and more money in just crashes before it opens. I trusted amazon as I do for many many other purchases and this is a disappointment. I am very unhappy I suggest you be wary  of wasting your money as I did avoid this and you will be happier for it.
Complete waste of money I met all qualifications and  my amount of money stopped at $30,727 and I made at least made$20,000 more
My last transaction still hasn't gone through.  Hope this is a false alarm.  If I lose money I'll drop it forever...
Game was waste do to bug won't load enemies base after winTo recover some loss no way to regain loss so don't buy any thing
did not understand this concept why do u get them & then u run out of cash & then have to spend spend spend
Amazon failed to deliver the coins when first purchased. Then &#34;refunded&#34; it with the coins (so they don't refund with real money.) When I used the coins they delivered for a game, they charged me again for the coins I had already purchased. They &#34;refunded&#34; more coins, but now I'm afraid that they keep charging me. This is almost like a scam.
PLEASE CANCEL THIS ORDER IMMEDIATELY!!! ONLY ONE BUNDLE PACKAGE WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE BEEN ORDERED FOR THE GAME WESTBOUND AND I DO NOT KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.  NOTHING HAS SHOWN UP ON MY GAME AND I WAS TOLD SEVERAL TIMES THAT THE PURCHASE HAD BEEN MADE.  UPON CHECKING MY BANK ACCOUNT, I SEE 4 ADDITIONAL PUCHASES NOT WANTED.  I WILL NEVER DO THIS AGAIN!
I don't hate it.  I hadn't intended to buy it. It was a mistake.  I have no opinion otherwise. 'Sorry.
Just make us pay for the game.  I get hooked on the game but...I just think it's a rip off.
Buyer beware.  Purchased coins to use on a game.  Purchase went thru, but never received game credits purchased.  Not acceptable transaction.
Purchase something with the coins and if something goes wrong you end up chasing back and fourth between Amazon and the game or other items. i have returned a few things to Amazon over the years but dealing with the coins and the resulting purchases has been a pain. i would say since i am still chasing down the last purchase that took coins but didn't give my wife her tokens via Kindle i am up side down in saving money on this system.
RIP OFF CHEAPER TO BUY CHIPS.don't buy them get the chips instead very disappointed. Don't get this product am as soon bombed on this one
Dissatisfied because I notice on one game my coins are deducted but the service isn't provided. Had to call axon to get coins back...it's still doing it. I just won't buy any anymore.
I did not notice until my second purchase that you get taxed on your purchases through game app. Not really a saving of 10 percent when it all comes down to it. Now google,facebook and many others don't tax. Not that great of a deal. Rather play on my smartphone. No hidden fees
I HAD PURCHASED THE EXTRA SET OF COINS BUT ONLY RECEIVED 1700, AND I WAS CHARGED FOR THE 2500 SET OF COINS.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  WHY DO YOU GET US CONNED  INTO THINKING THAT THESE GAMES ARE FREE AND THEN WE ARE CHARGED EXTRA TO KEEP ON GOING.  YOU SHOULD OFFER US A PACKAGE DEAL THAT COULD BETO OUR LIKING.
IT IS VERY EXPENSIVE TO PLAY THE GAMES THAT NEED COINS , THERE SHOULD BE MORE SALES WITH THE DISCOUNTED RATES MADE AVAILABLE TO THE CONSUMER ESPECIALLY FOR THE CHILDREN. AT LEAST WITH THE VIDEO GAMES YOU MAKE ONE PURCHASE UNTIL THE GAME IS WON
I have experienced after purchasing coins and my credit card is successfully charged, when I want to use them and designate the amount, I have at times receive a screen that there has been an interruption and the game session abruptly ends.  But, at this point and even though I was unable  to use the coins, I find that the coins were deducted from my account.  This is a disappointment.  Please respond?
The mobile device I loaded the Amazon APP Store to is an Android phone. This transaction and another would never finish, they would just remain pending.
I have ordered this product more than once and, more than once, I've had to call to get my coin as it doesn't show up in my app. What up with that? Kinda over it...
Amazon will take your money and then won't deliver the product! My card was charged and supposedly the coins were credited, but I can't see them in app! Repeated attempts to contact customer service just tell me to sync my kindle fire. Great, did that, and restarted my fire, and restarted my apps...I'd like either my money or product!**Edit: after 3 contacts with customer service, I did finally get my coins. What a pain in the rear! Definitely will NOT buy again!**
The system is flawed; my 4 year old granddaughter purchased over $40 worth of Apps that should have been covered by the coin.  I now have customer service on the line saying they cannot issue a refund or change the order.This is very frustrating - I have even payed for apps unknowingly without the coin.  Good idea, bad execution on Amazon's part - especiall with the (India) customer service.
I can't tell you how many times that I have been cheated out of coins.  At least twice I had more than 400 coins and tried to play the Daily Game that cost 199 and it told me that I did not have enough coins.  Many times the game froze after I purchased a Daily Game and I never got to play it.  So big BUMMER!!!!!
Tax when you use these for a game, REALLY??? These are pretend. I didn't realize this game would be so expensive or I never would have started playing it!
Misleading.  Not good on all amazon media, only apps.  I have a kindle more for reading and quick and easy internet access.  Not being able to buy books with the coins was disappointing.
don't always get what I purchase with these coins. sometimes the game takes the coins but does not give back the product.so it isliterally stealing my coins which equal my money that I paid for them.
I didn't get all my coins I only got 2500 where are the rest of them you charged me for them
I liked when I could use my 1-click and the total price came off my credit card or gift card balance.  Now you have to use coins and I have had 4-5 times were the coins were deducted and the service was not provided.  I contacted Amazon and they credit back some of the coins but this is a burden for them and me.  I did not have this problem before.  AT 4.99 a shot this is gettoing expensive.
I purchased 2000 Amazon Coins that I was never available to use. At first, I thought it would take time to process my purchase. But 4 months later I have never been able to use a single coin. When I contacted support, they said it had actually purchased  in-app coins. I disagree with this statement. My order says '2000 Coins' generic -- not tied to any app in the description. I suspect I should see '2000 Coin for App....'.Then I tried to navigate to my original digital order to leave a review and the link was broken. I can't leave a review for it and I can't navigate to the original product page. The support rep said he would put in a Feature request for it. Sounds more like a bug to me.So in the end I purchased 1.99 worth of coins for nothing. Multiply 1.99 times thousands of purchase and that is quite a profit for nothing in return.Only after spending time complaining to customer support about ever issue I am having with the purchase I am getting a refund. I did not set out to buy coins for a refund. I set out to buy going to actually USE.In comparison, when I have had a problem with an order from iTunes, refund, immediate, no dilly-dallying around.
When ever I get any amount of coins it say I have the coins but for some reason I couldn't use the coins that I purchased
The coins are too expensive.  After a point in time it makes you regret playing a game where you almost have to buy coins to get to the next level.  Amazon earns so much money from these coins.  I always thought Amazon was a family friendly company - but seems it's only interested in making a profit.
you should allow us to spend every single coin or give refunds... can't buy anything with less than 107 coins so it's free money to you...
Purchased 2500 coins - it showed them in my account and then they disappeared.  I got charged for them but I don't know how to find them!  This doesn't seem to be a good system.
Buying coins becomes very expensive. Many times it takes coins out twice for one purchase. I have stopped buying gift cards for myself and family because it needs to be fixed..
I checked to see if it went through I had no email so I bought it again and after that the coins showed up and in the end after I tried again I was Charged twice before the coins showed up.
From Amazon's product page: "Purchased coins are immediately deposited into your account"I purchased mine almost an hour ago and they haven't shown up yet.  A good idea, poorly executed.
Having issues just want my  money for all the purchases made on May 12,  because I have been b frustrated Turing to use my coins... uh huh
Spend money to buy money really this is dumb idea ebay does not need this type of gimmicks to keep customers
I have to fight one of my games because I never got paid out on my stuff, I submitted a order, paid with AMAzon coins and never got my stuff tendered. I tried it again, since it seemed to be a fluke (I mean it was $2.99 so no skin off my nose, right?)I did it three more times, all trying to get the stuff in a different way. I could download my stuff if i paid thru 1-click, which loses all the value for me in buying the coins cuz I dont get the discount. :( and now who do I contact re: the stuff I have outstanding? Amazon (yep, going to charge back my credit card as we speak) and the vendor, trying to email, sent four already...So the jury is still out.
I love the fact you can use the coins for games,but on Simsfreeplay when you buy LP points or simoleons you have to paymore coins for taxes.
This is the third time that this item did not download. So far I have received no help or explanation.I have been charged for these coins and two orders of crystals with nothing to show for theses purchases.
i wanted to buy glu coins for the deer hunter 2014 game and i did not receive as many coins as i expected. how many amazon coins are needed to buy one glu coin????? other thing that happened is i was told by tapjoy that i had bought coins with my credit card and have not received them. will be checking to see what i was charged and if not right i will dispute the payment on both transactions....
I have only received half of the coins I have paid for !! you keep letting me re order them and then my kindle locks up so I order again, I get billed for them but they never get to my kindle coin acct. Please review this and correct my acct.
sorry everyone, I could care less about reviews, I thought I would recieve a bonus for completimg this.... don't do it!
I specifically made sure the 500 coin was ticked & placed my order, then I realize I have a $45 charge for 5,000 coins?!?!  Needless to say, I'm beside myself by that point.  Then I realize, it's Amazon, shouldn't be too hard...  I have been on the Amazon.com website for quite a while now looking how to remedy my problem.  No where can I contact &#34;Customer Service&#34; or anywhere I can &#34;cancel that order&#34; then reorder.  I don't know what else to do...
I bought coins using my credit card to save on in app purchase no problem got coins rightnaway but to purchase from in the app (slots casino party) it wont process my purchase even though the coins are in my account I shouldve just used my card on the in app purchase!
I ordered 500 coins twice because the first 500 were not given to me. I was charged both times and never received them. Not sure how to get my money back.
I spent 90.00 on the coins to get something's for my in-game apps and oh I got the coins but went to get the items for the gam and guess what the 9999 coins up and gone and no items I guess u can say a little more then unhappy.... do u think they would have a download again no so I am out 90.00 dollars... I am thinking of just leaving amazon all together.. twice this has happened with the coins.. not pleased at all.. so Custer service is getting a call...
I want to buy something and not have to do a calculation on to how much money I will be spending.  Amazon coins is a way to trick customers to think they are not using real money.  I am a big fan of...this app costs X amount of dollars...here is X amount of dollars.  Please do away with all the coins!
I guess I'm too dumb to understand this scheme, and I don't invest in things I don't understand.  (Remember Bernie Madoff?)  Where's the account?  How do I know what I (my wife) have?
My daughter was able to spend money out of my checking account!! What an F&#34;ing SCAM!!!! I cant believe that this is okay!
If I could give a lower rating I would.  I keep asking myself why I continue buying them.  I purchased 10,000 coins  and it did not go through so I did it again which resulted in the first and second orders going through and my card was billed for 2.  I also used 8000 coins , wait, I was billed for using 8000 coins in a very short period (36 hours) of time.  During that time span I DID NOT SIT AND PLAY THIS GAME.  Yes, I have complained about this 2 other times and they were very prompt in trying to make it right, however I still lose money.  I suppose I will just stop playing.  Jerri. Bowers.  bowersjerri@yahoo.com
YOU CAN NOT USE AMAZON COINS ON THE FIRST KINDEL FIRE AND THEY SHOULD BE ABEL TO BE USED ON ALL KINDELS.
I hate it a waste of money 0 stars. do not by it.if you its a waste of money, money,money
Was told I was getting 500 coins for free. There was no where to redeem the coins! When I went to purchase, I figured it would credit them for free. It charged me $4.80 to my credit card with one click. I did not want to pay for them, I only wanted to ones for free
Did not get them I bought twice both time got 1000 coins nott 10000 coins that I paid for so I won't buy more than 1000 coins
The landing page states that coins can be used for purchases on Amazon.com. It seems that this is not accurate and that purchases can only be made at the Kindle app store. I can't find a way to contact Amazon to discuss this, either. Unbelievable.
Like many others, I was very excited when I received my 500 free coins.  I just looked into downloading an app that I otherwise wouldn't have considered purchasing and I need 30 more coins to purchase it.  That's fine - I'm happy to pay for the remainder, but the smallest denomination of coins I can buy is 500.  It's not a lot of money, but I won't be buying any coins because then I'll get stuck with unused coins and it will just be wasted money.  The program is just silly.  I'd rather just buy with cash when I need something.  Thanks, but no thanks!
Things were going OK, and my balance (which was huge) simply dropped to zero.  In my digital orders, it shows no purchases with the amazon coins to explain this.  BEWARE:  This produce is not reliable.
I was excited to see the I had been &#34;gifted&#34; 500 coins and immediately decided to purchase a new book for my Kindle.  When I clicked on the &#34;Redeem Now&#34; link in the email and followed the purchase process, the full price for the book was deducted from my debit card.Is this a bait and switch program or what?HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!!!
If you were hoping to buy books DO NOT BUY these. I wanted to have money on hand to buy books if one cought my eye. Then I foud out sorry no luck. But great if you want a budget for apps this is great idea.