Buying one extra moves/lives  for  $.99 rarely gets u thru to the next level. Remember this is a computer game not a game of chance like a roulette wheel or A CARD DEALER shuffling cards.  Buying a bunch of coins at one time is more like bait n switch.... the toll continues to rise with each use....the first time it's 99...then 199...then 299 so buying 500 coins gets you less than three sets of extra moves.  I have deleted Candy Crush n all these gambling games for this reason. U can buy a game that allows you to play without running out of lives n moves n they are a lot more fun n relaxing.
Coins go by so fast, specially with the added tax.smh make the coins cheaper or take off the tax to the apps.
Did not get extra lives I ordered for candy crush twice! Do not know who to contact for resolution!  Will not buy again!
Everytime I order Them on my Kindle, they don't show up and I end up lossing $9.50.  That has happened to me 3 times or more already
I bought some of these coins thinking they would go towards the purchase of abook on my kindle however they never were used.  I ended up paying for the book.I don't know how to use them.  It sounded like a good idea when I bought them, butI was not pleased when the book was charged to my credit card.
If you already have my account information online with my Amazon Prime account....why oh why did you folks add this layer of nuttiness slowing down my purchase process?  Don't like it - don't like it at all!
I like the Amazon coins it makes it quicker and easier to purchase in purchase apps I also like bein able to do the one click purchase ice age n hayride are 2of my favorite games
I loved the idea of this- convenient, a good price, more for your money. The problem I am having is that the coins have to match the dollar amount exactly. So if you have 100 coins and what you are buying is more than that you have to buy more coins or buy it with a credit card which defeats the whole purpose. Plus you have to buy the coins in large increments not in the amount you actually need to get to be able to use up the coins. I haven't found a way to use up any remaining coins I have. If someone knows a trick I'm missing I would love to hear it. If that problem was fixed I would give it top ratings but until then I'm stuck with a bunch of coins I can't spend!
I purchased 1000 coins for $9.50 on my cell phone and it charged me twice but only gave me 1000 coins-instead of 2000 which I was charged for. Then, when I went to use the coins to pay for something in my game (Jelly Splash) it took my amazon coins twice and didnt give me my in app purchases
I purchased an upgrade on a Kindle game.  My coin account wasn't credited but my credit card was.  What's the purpose if you can't use it for in game upgrades.
I purchased the coins and used them for an app I had and I was never honored the coins. But my coins were minused from my account
I really like the fact that they are available and easy to obtain.  My concern is that I use them, they take them out of my account, and I either get double billed or fail to receive the lives or lollipop hammer, etc.
i think you should increase the amount of coins given for the money!!  Plus I lost 100 coins because i pushed the wrong button!
I thought it was a fairly good value for the money.  Not normally a fan boy reviewer so take my word with a huge pinch of salt.
I thought the ad said these coins were suppossed to be $4.00 I was charged $9.00. Why?Thank you for replying.
I thought you could use them to buy kindle books so was kind of disappointed.  I think they should allow you to buy books
It'rediculus that I have to go to my computer to buy coins. I rather not use them. I think coins are a wast of time.
I've purchased three sets of coins and I have not gotten anything back from Amazon for being a repeat customer.b also I am not seeing any free games to get coins. There are free coins on purchasing games but not on free games. I have not gotten anything from Amazon from being For being a  repeat customer of buying these points either I'm saving 5%. That's no big deal. These games are difficult and you have no choice but to buy coins or not play the games.After buying so many points you should get a rebates for being a repeat customer.
Seems like it was cheaper buying them at .99 Went thru them awfully fast and actually only for 500., come to think of it. But think I was charged for 1000?
Why do the coins have to be so expensive?  It's a shame that you can't get more for your money.
Wished I'd get more for my buck.  I do like getting apps discounted with coins. Just wish it saved me $2.00 rather then .80 cents.
I choose this rating because I can get 1000: Some can help me on the candy crush I rate this as a seven star game I love playing the game
While you get a &#34;discount&#34; for purchasing coins, this is just another way for Amazon to make more money for consumers.
for my grandma for valentines day I messed up and now she cant use them so I would like to know if you guys can refund me so I can send her these
what can I do with them? Not sure how to spend them would like dollars on my lottery  what are they for
If you have 500 coins and want to purchase something that is just over $5, then you do not have the option to use the coins at all.  This makes the coins useless for a purchase I want to make.  Why would I buy 500 more coins (the least amount you can buy) just to be able to use my current 500 coins to purchase something that is 5.99?I would like them to add one of the following options.1)  Let me use my current coins for a higher purchase and simply charge the remaining amount due to my card on file at Amazon.2)  Simply add the option to purchase 100 coins.There is a simple solution.Thanks,MW
normally works fine but used coins to buy something in an app and it never showed up gotta work with amazon support now. ridiculous
Using a Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 made purchases using Amazon Coins for Real Racing 3 app. Purchases were made from 6/1 - 6/9 and none have posted to the game as of yet. Though all has cleared and deducted from all accounts which tells me all is ok and should be no problem. Extremely inconvenient when your trying to move up in a game as quickly as possible.  Need to know if there is any way to see coin purchase history to show  proof that I did indeed make the purchases so I can be credited.
Difficult for me to purchase coins.  Some purchases seem to go through but cannot download the second time without purchasing agin.
It is very hard to get these coins loaded on the Kindle Fire.  Keep getting kickout and have to go through the process several times before they get loaded.
As the name Implies, I cannot buy books with the coins. I thought I'd be able to purchase anything for my Kindle Fire with Amazon Coins, but unfortunately, you cannot purchase anything except apps. So I request of Amazon to make anything purchase by coins.
I bought coins to purchase songs before I realized... I couldn't.  But there are some apps I want.  It needs to be stated clearly and not hidden or in fine print that coins are only used for apps and games. I'm glad I didn't go for a larger package or I might not have anything nice to say.
These are used for GAMES!!  First, the games should NOT cost you anything, but since they make money on these, at least give those of that play these games a little bit bigger break, like saving 50%.  Even if they would run a special on the coins for 50% off for a couple of days a month, they would still make a fortune.
I bought this in response to an email announcing an additional 10% discount for a limited time only. This would make the total discount 20%. Nonetheless I was charged $9.00 ???  I like the idea of setting up a pool of funds or coins to buy things (apps only unfortunately) so that my card doesn't get charged $.99 - 4.99 for multiple purchases throughout the day. Audible uses credits that members can buy or accumulate one each month to purchase their products.I don't know why but I have a few magazine subscriptions that charge my card $.99 - 3.99 each month.  I'm surprised my bank hasn't created a special charge for small transactions. Next month.I know these type of programs are very lucrative to the organization. I hope Amazon has a favorable response, I just wish it could be broadened to include magazines, books, (kindle and hardcover) movies, etc. Kids and parents will love it.
wish there was the 50% deal back again..now I hardly never buy these anymore
This game is totally lame it's a good dose of sleep medicine.  Needs to be more exciting. I would not recommend this game.
It's a great deal if you get to use all your coins.  Problem is that 1 out of 4 times I try to use the coins, it takes my coins but doesn't give me what I purchased.  Total pain.
I am frustrated with trying to buy this product UNLESS you do 500 1000 2500 etc  before or after AMAZON COINS in search you will NOT find this product easily. THIS needs to popup at the top when you search for &#34;Amazon Coins&#34; because without the following numbers in the search, all you get is apps that earn you coin. This is a problem that needs to be resolved. Once resolved I will put the appropriate rating.
Somewhere along the line, I got ripped off for nearly 600 coins. I kept careful track of what I spent and I should have had 584 left, but only had 4.
Low rating because they are not that great a bargain, and you can't use as credits toward purchase unless the purchase is all in coins.
I find Candy Saga a very addicting games and very entertaining. I buy the coins because it is ridiculous that you only get 5 chances to play and hope that friends give you additional chances. W h entertaining I play I can g o on for hours. It great that Amazon offers additional chances, but I think their s holy be two tiers of coins and those that have prime should get them at a cheaper prices. I feel the prices are extremely over inflated and it f does not need to be.
Didn't load to my kindle and can't figure out how to redeem them. As of now it was a waste of money
This would be great if it actually worked all the time. Half of the time it takes my money and doesn't give me anything. Then I have to go through the process of asking for a refund. They promised one a week ago that I have not been credited with yet. Not recommended,
I like,using the coins but I have lost hundreds due to connection issues.  I would get a message that no coins had been used and in fact the coins would be deducted from my account.
You can't play this very fun game without buying so many coins. I'm not sure if after I spend these coins if I'll simply delete this game.
I am not happy with the digital order that was made on Aug 2 201I never received my coins,Bevan after using the sync button on my kindle fire. The order info said the date of purchase was Aug 1,2013 Evan though it was Aug 2. this has never happened when I've ordered,e books And I use my credit card on file .I would like to know why I haven't received my digital order of my amazon coins.
Redundant Password requests.  This process interrupts the gaming experience.  I realize its a check and balance process for security, but feels like an unnessary interruption.  Additionally, the process takes to long.
Where, on either my kindle, or my 'regular' account, to I find out just how many coins I have available?That information seems only to turn up when I try to use more than I have and the app wants to sell me more.I'm not convinced that my online purchases are being credited properly, or loaded properly to my kindle,  so would like to be able to confirm my balance.and then there are COINS and there are COINS.  the app I am using will sell me 800 "Coins"  and charge me 999 "Amazon COINS" (plus tax) for them.  and the confirming email for a purchase makes no distinction.  calls both 'coins'  and looks like it doesn't know how to do arithmetic.
I've purchased these twice and both times it  takes forever to receive.  Credit card charge as soon as purchased but coins don't arrive on account for 5 days days or more.
I bought the coins, but i couldn't get my kindle to give me the purchases on pet rescue and candy crush, so i went through 2000 coins and got maybe 5 of the items.
Purchasing the coins is not the issue; wasting coins is.  Too  often I get the error message from the app and have to re-download.  Too often multiple purchases of  extra bundles are obtained only to get to the very end and the app drops (error message), creating a need to re - download and having wasted previous purchases.  If this continues, I intend to delete Sugar Crush from my Kindle fire.  What use to be fun is starting to become frustrating with the numerous error messages and wasted expenditure for extra bundles.
My bad for not reading more carefully what they can be used for.  I'd hoped to apply them to a game on a shared kindle which may or may not be possible but if so not easy to find out how - still looking and $45 in limbo....
Amazon Coins are supposed to be tied to the device where they are purchased.  Unfortunately, the tracking of them is not easy and even if you make special efforts to watch exactly what you have purchased and how the coins are being used, the device may not be up to date.  My experience is that my device told me there were still ample coins available for a 'purchase' but I ended up being charged the fee.  Of course, I only found this out AFTER the purchase(s) were made.  Defeats the purpose, I think!  I'm not a fan and won't be using Amazon coins again.
After logging in to my account, I still cannot find my current coin balance. I think this concept is a good idea but I should be able to instantly find my balance.
I converted my sons Christmas amazon card to coins.  That was a mistake, yes he can buy apps for his Kindle and that helps to teach him the value of things.  The problem is He wants to get some books for his kindle and has no way to purchase them with his coins.  They need to expand use of the coins to books before I ever go for the coins again!
The purchase itself went through fine but any subsequent purchases using the coins fail at least half the time.  The items purchased with the coins fail to show up.
only complaint i have is that using the coins is great.  but where do i fine the balance i have without having to subtract coins purchased from amazon coins purchased.when will you ever have specials like in dec to purchase coins???
I have ordered coins before and right after I tried to spend them my Kindle goes down, reboots, and no purchase, but was most definitely charged for them.  Not a very happy person because they will not reimburse.  Maybe Amazon doesn't' need our business.
I didn't get my coins :( I was looking forward to having it...Amazon please give them to me! #thanks thanks
I think that the exchange is much too high and you don't get much bang for your buck.  I will not be purchasing them again.
I concur with early statements about comparison's to the Xbox. As long as Amazon doesn't force you to use coins versus your credit cards, not sure a 10% discount (then only for big coin purchases) is worthwhile considering the time value of money, unless you buy a lot of software.
I BOUGHT coins/$50.00 worth, so if I wanted to  purchase rentals or apps, I wouldn't' t have my bank acct. Billed individually for every thing I do. Y ET. I find I am charged both now.  ????? Something is not right.Why didn't app costs, etc. Come out of the coin bank???  (I must be confused)?Something else to fix. Makes me want to never purchase.  Anything.  To bad.  What good are the coins then?
I was supposed to be credited 500 coins when I registered my Kindle.  I received an email from Amazon.  I do not see where or how to &#34;spend&#34; these coins.
Have been trying to watch this movie for 4 evenings ! Big fan of the stars of this movie but it is slow & boring !!!