Although purchasing the coins is great, Amazon did not give me my free coins that goes along with it.  This is the second time this has happened.  I have made several attempts to call the company at various times and lines were always busy or disconnected.  Amazon has been extremely a disappointing company to deal with.
As a frequent customer of Amazon, It would be nice if opportunities were available to receive additional coins.  The coins do create an opportunity to save a little on apps and games.
boring not fun okay decent i just made this for the coins and i hope i can type long enough
Coins are good for those who buy other apps. I do not see the big deal to use them. I may not use them again
Get game has it ups and downs on it tho but it is a great game if u have no life like me like any games
I am bothered by the score card that appears immediately at the finish of the game, it is too big and blocks the end of the game which I would like to savor a bit longer.  I also wish the dummy hand would lay out vertically rather than horizontally and that the cards in the hand were arranged red black red black instead of the colors running together.  Also the play of the cards is too fast.
I don't have problem with order its just that the last 3 times i've tried to use the coins I receive a notice that there is a problem with download, they charge me for the coins and then the game goes off and I don't get to use them.  This has happened before but not three times in a row.
I don't like playing games on Facebook so I would rather use coins to play my games. I just prefer it to asking friends.
I don't think that u should have to pay that much for coins. And I wish that u could earn coins
I feel for the price there should be more coins for value since it is to play games and there is so many free games that are fun also..
I have always found customer service help and ready to answer all questions as well as resolve issues. I have had to on more than occasion had to use Amazon customer service to resolve app issues or with questions before making a purchase and I have not yet been given any real reason to complain. No waiting my issues are resolved and questions answered right away.
I have found no way to transfer the coins to the games I am playing.  Some instructions are imperative before purchasing these coins.  I would hate to lose my money.
I love Amazon coins however they just don't go far enough.....should be more coins for the dollar. Please consider using the amount of coins per th  dollar. Thanks
i might do it again but wish i could get a better deal. or if you could give more coins
i'm still not sure how to use them probably just me.I have,t really tried. maybe they shold come with directions
I run out of chances too fast to clear the items. The game is too addictive and the coins cost too much.
It easy to buy coin to purchase Apps. It would be nice to be able to use coins to purchase music... If that was available I would give 5 stars....
I think it's a good deal. $10 for 1000 coins not too bad i guess. i think i will buy some more.
It's 1000 Amazon coins. I don't even know why there's a review for this, but okay. I used it to buy stuff in-game.
.its cool u r not saving much money at all just a hot $.20, its worth the save I guess.
It's good to have these coins does help you spend less money on things but need enough to get the things or use them for whatever you need only downfall I see
It's never ideal to have to pay to play.  However, I can understand that King (and Amazon) need to generate revenue.  So -- it is what it is.
It was ok. Nothing great. And I want the free coins amazon is giving away or I would of skipped this survay
I wish I had the strength not to buy help in the games. It's something I'm trying to overcome. Someday I will have the strength to just say no.
kinda boring but fun for something different, kids had fun for only a short time. Should have more coins each time you play
Loved the free coins. Gave me the chance to save money for other purchases or to make bigger purchases. Would love to see more.
Most of the game are fun but sometimes I would like to purchase the game in full directly but it seems like you have to try it and get lots of commercial for other games instead of just letting me play the game .
Not that great of a deal; it just makes purchasing apps easier, much like iTunes. It's better than nothing, though.
ordered the coins about 10 to 15 min before sale ended  and did not get the coins or money back its like it just disappeared is there any thing you can do to help me out have spend a lot on this game and as a disable vet should get some kind of refund thank you gil taylor
Set a limit or before  you know it they are gone and you have spent a small fortune. Specials and deals are the way to go
The balance on my Kindle still doesn't show this purchase. I have to redeem them with my pc and then use my Kindle to download the apps. Workable but a nuisance.
The coins can be cool if you like something new and a few cents saving as well as the bulk purchase rewards. However, you have to make sure you get them first of all and pay attention if you are in the middle of a game while making your purchases. Like others mentioned, the taxes, which don't initially apply using the free coins; come as a shock and a pain in the butt.
The price of most things in the game are way high and other then the coins are fineI mean there just coins
These are convenient until you run out.  They are OK to use, but I feel redundant if you use Amazon regularly.
This was a great idea!!!  I am always looking for new games and apps and this makes it so much more simpler than spending money every time.
Too much money for 1,000 coins @$9.50. Not even enough for 2 songs ! 2500 is more appropriate. This purchase means 2 songs would be 5.00 each !
while trying to spend the amazon coins my kindle crashed and i lost $10 not a lot of money more of a lot of frustration
You save money buying it this way what frustrates me is I have to go to my computer to buy them. I can buy them thru the game but not from my kindle HDX. What's the difference and it is annoying.
Buying of apps for android device often don't work, restriction of Country was shown as message, make buying of coins senseless
I did not really understand what they are used for. At some point I hope to understand what to do with them.
If you enjoy playing games and in-app purchases - this is by far the best way of doing it.  It allows you to &#34;get more bang for your buck&#34;  The downside is - it is very easy to spend more than you normally would - because it's already there.
Im still waiting on my coins. It says that my order is complete but still no coins. My biggest concern is do I get a refund which is ok, but I would rather have the coins so I dont feel cheated out Of my money. Thank You
I only used coins once so far and it was easy. I just wish that they could be used for kindle books. I would use them a lot more.
this only works for inapp purchasing and buying apps. it's not that much of a deal. and i don't have a kindle, so i can't even buy apps. i though you could buy books with these coin thingies!
Why not just pay for the games with money?  Buying coins seems kind of redundant.  Computer technology is supposed to save time, no?
I like the idea of being able to purchase points and have them for books, apps etc.  I also like that I can buy in &#34;bulk&#34; and save a bit.  I don't like that I can only 1-click order them.  Actually this kind of ticks me off because i have a  $50 redemption code I would like to use to purchase coins but the system doesn't accept it.  I think you need to allow people to put these in their cart and then purchase with whatever payment method they choose!This is making me think twice about the gift cards I request.
i bought the credits via the amazon app because of the bonus coins, which were no more. so, they were no great.
I think the coins are a great idea and a way to not have several monetary transactions.  However, the coins are pretty costly.  I would prefer, if we are purchasing in advance like that, thus saving Amazon money by not making small purchases by credit card which they have to pay a % of, that there would be a higher discount.  If the cost were lower, I would have rated higher.
Amazon just gave me $5 to spend on apps for my Fire.  Thank you.  I appreciate the gift and hope to use it.  A free gift has to be worth 5 stars!But this is supposed to be a review of the product.  And the product is a system not a thing.  In turn for our paying money up front, Amazon gives us a discount.  It's like buying a gift card for yourself.  A win-win proposition.However, fair_deal_guy has a point.  Once there was a discount bookstore, Crown Books.  Loved that store!  One year our family gave a brother over $100 worth of gift cards.  The next day, Crown declared bankruptcy and refused to honor their cards.  Unlike Borders, many years later, they sold those cards until they stopped honoring them -- with no warning.  I guess they felt their customers owed them the money; I know they stole it from their customers.Amazon has shown itself to be an honorable company.  Though they have given themselves the option to drop the program with no warning, I suspect they are more apt to follow Borders' example.So I give them five stars for the discount program and take away two stars for them leaving the possibility of yanking it with no warning and no reimbursement.
I seem to more and mo like the coins and there seems to be a good return on them thanks.
I bought coins big deal. You have to buy coins if you want to get some of the games. Is it worth it, Only if you want to pay for games.
I WOULD LIKE THIS BETTER IF I COULD BUY WHAT I WANTED. I WANTED TO CONTINUE TO BUY COINS SO I COULD BUY ONE OF THE NEW KINDLES. AMAZON SAID NO!!!!. SO I WILL USE MY COINS I BOUGHT AND WILL NOT BUY ANYMORE.  THANK YOUdavelew81@aol.com
I had a hard time getting the coins. I finally had to completely scrub my kindle and then get new passwords for all my accounts. However everything is just fine now and I am enjoying the coins. Thank you, ed.
Great convenient but cost too much. It would be great if there is greater discount with added coins every time you buy.
I like the idea of Amazon Coins, but I wish there could be multiple ways of getting coins.  I love Amazon.com.  90% of my shopping is through Amazon.com and I have an Amazon credit card which gives me reward points, so it would be great to maybe get some coins too when I make purchases.  Also, I enjoy playing many of the games offered by Amazon.com.  it might be nice to get coins for certain achievements or hours played.  All and all I have been enjoying my Kindle Fire HD, games, and using coins.
This is a great idea for us as it will help me keep track of what we are spending on my son's Kindle content. It's easy to lose track of .99 here & 1.99 there especially when there is a chunk of time in between him earning a purchase. But if I buy 10.00 worth (or 1000 coins) & it's gone I know exactly how much we've spent in any amount of time!The one thing that I would also chime into as far as the other reviews goes is the opportunity for him to "earn" coins by purchases or by playing games & reaching levels etc. so it is also like a reward program! I did see on one of the reviews that Amazon commented that they will continue to add ways to get coins & content available to use them on, I certainly hope that is true! I also hope they do keep it as an option for buying content & not a sole means to do it. If I feel I have to use "non money" options it may deter me from further purchases.Overall I think it will be a good program when they get all of the ideas worked into it!
I heard of people getting free coins on top of the actual amazon coin purchase. But I received nothing after 3 purchases.
What's the point of coins if I can use a amazon gift card for more than apps & in game purchases?Why not make coins for all digital purchases? like books, music & movies? it all goes to my kindle anyway.
Would like to do it in smaller increments(no discount needed) to round out purchase.Other wise you loose the change when they expire
Saw the media hype posted on May 13th about Amazon Coins being the company's new virtual currency going live here in the U.S. As a frequent purchaser of Kindle editions and various business & photo apps, this one sounded interesting, especially with the announcement that Amazon had announced that it would put 500 coins, which are worth $5.00 worth in real currency, and the email message that followed shortly after noon today confirmed this.TheseAmazon Coinscan be used for purchasing "Kindle Fire apps, games and in-app items from Amazon." On the upside, for frequent purchasers, the more coins that one buys, the greater the savings, starting with 500 coins offering a 4% savings, and 1000 coins going for a 5% discount. The discounts climb, with 5,000 and 10,000 coins offering a 10% savings. And the coins that one purchases are quickly deposited into your account, and have no expiration date.This started off looking like a real 5-star, so I bought into it. Read on...Though I had my 500 free coins, I weighed the discounts and bought the1000 Amazon Coinsoffer, giving me a total of 1,500 coins, and then I went shopping to see what I could find among a number of items that I had been considering. There in the Appstore I found thePhotoStage Photo Slideshow Maker App, with its $4.99 regular price. This one showed that it was compatible with my Kindle Fire HD 8.9", original Kindle or my Samsung Galaxy S III, so it seemed to be a good deal. I could spend 499 Amazon Coins, leaving me with a balance of 1,001 coins from my original 1,500 coins (the freebie plus the purchase), and that showed up in the upper side of the app window, making it easy.But then the 'other side of the coin' appeared, so to speak...I went to explore the books, the Kindle editions, and that's where I found the weakness in this Amazon Coins program: the Kindle editions, the ebooks that so many of us read do not qualify for this program. If I want Syl Arena's excellentLighting for Digital Photography, it will be a regular purchase, and the Amazon Coins do not apply, which is a disappointment. The MP3 music albums are not eligible, nor are videos, at least at the time of this review.This is when what had appeared to be a 5-star program plummeted to a middle of the road 3-star offering from Amazon: on the star scale, it's OK... nothing more and nothing less.There will be some who disagree with this review, and mine is a viewpoint based on short personal experience with this product/service in which I wanted to explore the possibilities of whether or not it was worth it. As you can see, I went through the steps and even bought extra coins to find out how the process went. For what it is, I personally have no complaints or regrets, but unless it is expanded by Amazon, don't know at this stage if I'll buy any additional coins once mine are gone.Summary:For families with a number of children who use a lot of game apps, this Amazon Coin program may be a good thing, and for this user of photo and business apps I can see using them, at least for the short term; beyond that, I don't know. And users considering this should also take a look at the rather lengthy 'Amazon Coins Terms and Conditions' which fully describe that there are both Promotional Coins, which have an expiration date, and Purchased Coins, which do not expire. I've posted a link to this within the comments here, but it can also be found on the product page.For some, thisAmazon Coinsprogram will be good. For frequent purchasers, any discount can add up over time. But for those of us who are looking for a widespread plan including Kindle editions, videos music and more, the program is sorely lacking. Whatever you decide, be sure to read the published terms.5/13/2013
I got my 500 coins, but the system froze trying to apply it to my game and I lost 99 of them. I have no ideas how to get them back, and have just written it off as a loss. I have never had problems before this time and it has always worked well.
While I gave purchasing of Amazon Coins some stars,and it appears that you get a small discount in. The truth of the matter is in the end you are still having to pay for coins.  I also understand having coins will help pay for the &#34;FREE&#34; apps, but now that so many apps are geared to have you buy to further yourself in a game it becomes very, very expensive, to the point that apps are not truly free.  I see it as a way to milk the public of cash.
I bought these coins to use with my Kindle.  I would give it 5 stars, but, it doesn't give you the option to use a gift card.  The funky part is that after it indicated it would charge my credit card, it changed it to the gift card.  Of course, if I was saving the gift card for something else, I would have lost that portion used for the coins.  Amazon, you need to allow options when purchasing coins.
Buying the coins is fine but the drawback is this...on the apps I am using when I use the coins instead of cash it doesn't tell me how many coins I have left.  When I purchase coins I know exactly what i am spending but not seeing how many are left doesn't let me make an informed choice on whether to use them or wait.
&#34;Amazon coins are immediately deposited into your account.&#34;  That's what it says in the description, however I purchased some and have yet to virtually receive them.  My checking account was immediately hit, but alas, no coins.
Why is it you pay cash for these coins, but all you can use them for is apps? I specifically bought them as a gift for my wife to use them for whatever she liked on her new Kindle fire HDX. You should be able to use them for whatever you want to on Amazon, or at least for music, videos, books and apps. Too limited!
some games don't let you know that you are using your coins, when you might opt out. this is my only complaint.
I'm not getting the total amount of minutes when I order new lives and when offered two hours additional when purchasing lives I'm not getting them.
It was free for the amazon kindle. As far as I read it's pretty informative. It doesn't really keep my attention.
Useful and easy way to manage transactions, however, could use...1.  Clear easy explanation  of current exchange rate ( coins > cash > $ U S D );2.  Current exchange rate is high ( not a good value ).Process is good; value needs improvement.
I don't know if they're actually helping me or not its confusing whether they're buying my menstrual or notThanks
It is good way to spend more of your paycheck on amazon. Watch out for the games though I think it is rigged for people to spend more money
There could be a better return for the coins, not saving that much.  I was not aware of program until 5 months after buying my 2nd Kindle.  I had the first one for 3 years now.
They're coins. They're overpriced, but if you want stuff from Amazon for your kindle fire you have to get them.
When you start spending coins you just can't stop! !! That has been my experience, so be careful how you shop!!
the product run's starts your computer screenus products are better than knock off from china the price good and time
It took a day to get these. But I do like using them. It's nice and easy! I will buy more and continue to use them!
The value is there but the savings should be more like 30 to 40 %,but as they say something is better than nothing,
The idea is great, but truly the coins are not worthy except for the little discount you get on the money, which you lose again because of the tax added, at least when you buy gems in Vegas World. First of all, when you pay with amazon coins, you still must prove that you are you. Now, in real money nobody ask me for my driving licence!
I wish there was a way to show how many coins are left prior to being told that I am out of coins.
What can you say, I changed my cash into a cyber coin and bought stuff with them. They work like they should.
It is a great savings, but you have to be able to use them. I'm told it was my Apps problem, still it took 4 days to be able to spend the coins on anything. I recommend smaller purchases for things that aren't important or time sensitive
Before ordering the coins, I read the description. When I attempted to make a purchase of something other than an app, I found out that I could not use these coins for books or music. I was not happy.
I think the price could have been a little cheaper or they could of gave more coins for the price.
I have bought the 2,500 coin package several times and 4 of the 7 times it worked. The other times, it said the order was closed due to lack of payment on Amazon's side but still went through on my credit card. I am trying to get my money back now. I don't know if it has something to do with ordering on the kindle fire HDX but that is how I ordered them (on the Appstore) I also don't know if it is more reliable to go directly to www.Amazon.com in the browser are go to it on a computer but I did have problems ordering it on the kindle.
I would purchase Amazon coins again if they were a deal but, didn't see any ease vs. using regulary pay method.
I have used these before and normally it works with no problem but i was playing brave frontier and it took the coins out of my account and i didnt receive the gems.
I personally thing you should get a bit more for what you pay for but hey...I guess if I don't like it I don't need to buy it.Just don't seem like a lot for the value.
I don't mind the idea of Amazon coins but I wish you could use an Amazon gift cert to purchase coins.  If I'm given an Amazon gift card as a gift it would be nice to get coins with it so I could use it to buy an app or an in-app item.
It's ok, just wouldn't the in app store products didn't cost so much.  Then you wouldn't have to use slot of the coins to buy one item
I chose this rating because it was very nice to get this free gift but I possible won't use because you can only use it on certain items and not even the app. I got the free coins for .
using the coins in the games, it gets too expensive. you go through the coins realy fast .you should hyave a special once you buy 50,000 or more.
Well, I thought I was enabling myself to purchase books and apps for the Kindle Fire without having a bunch of small expenses to my bank account / credit card each month. But then I discover that I canNOT use them to purchase books. They're only good for apps.  I really expected that I would spend most of the coins on books.  So, live and learn.  However, it is cool that they enable me to receive an extra 20% discount on apps.
Could offer deals and special offers sometimes ! Coins go fast on certain game offers. Did not think there was a bargain in there at all.
I think the cost of the coins vs. what you actually get for them is lopsided.  Really? you are generally playing a game for relaxation and it shouldn't cost you that much to play.  If they were say 20 cents apiece it would be worth it but they aren't so it really isn't. Have actually made up my mind I probably won't be purchasing them anymore. Even if there was a way of collecting 10 or 20 daily as a &#34;bonus&#34; for playing it would be different.
I think coins should have more values since we can only use it to purchase Amazon items, especially with in game apps.
The Amazon Coins feature is almost equivalent to Discounted money, if you intend to use it fairly soon.With low interest rates and a 10% discount for the Amazon Coins, it is a useful discount when purchasing Apps or MP3s.Just remember you must pay the Credit Card company quickly or you loose your benefit to credit card interest.
The coins are great however three times now I did NOT receive the coins/crystals I ordered with them. Coins twice for 480.000 each and Crystals once for the closet of crystals. Not necessarily the result I was looking for.
I don't see any way to purchase coins with the Amazon gift card I have registered already.  Can anyone let me know if this can be done?  I was hoping to spend my Christmas gift cards on playing Candy Crush.  lol
Bought for In-App things for my games & cant use them at ALL. Now I have about 3000 coins & cant use them for my & my kids games. So unhappy. Amazon plz help.  (Alex)  I did exactly what someone from Amazon Support said to do to be able to ise & still cant use them at checkout. I believe was his name. They are just sitting there. I' m trying to use them on the game " The Smurfs" for an in-app purchase to buy Smurfberries. Plz help me.  Thank You In Advance
Good service plan to continue thanks hope to get a bonus for my time thanks great service for an old womanld
It's no big deal, you do save $5 but no big deal.  Saving 10% is okay but given the limitation of the, Amazon only, coins they are getting their money back so it should be more like 20%
Wish I could purchase kindle books with coins. Not sure why that wouldn't be part of the coins system. Other than that, it's easy enough to use.
Besides not being able to buy books.  I read many books, and do not buy much music online.  My Kindle app is awesome, and I'm planning on buying my girlfriend a Kindle Fire HDX.  So I'm sure she can find something for these coins.  But I love my amazon account, very convenient, and the customer support is awesome no matter what the issue is.  I might try this, or see if my girlfriend would like it.
Like how it's easy to use and I don't have a bunch of purchases just this one and they last longer than real money because you see how many coins you have when making a purchase so you don't go over especially if kids are using them.
it fine have not got to all the corns to use it.. still trying. hope it works. and that is all.
I just wish you guys could improve the waiting time to clear all the pending orders.. 3 hours is long :-/
Saga requires the constant input of money.  At times I do believe that the game works against you.  For instance, I am currently on level 500 and I can't get past it without spending way too much.  Thus, I either have to spend my own money on the spot or buy these Amazon coins.  The coins should be discounted so the consumer can continue to play.
Still too expensive. I think the price should drop significantly and I've dialed back my usage due to the price. The game may be free, but you gouge us on coins.
I think if your a buyer, it would be nice to give them small bonuses for staying true. Extra 500 - 1,000 coins at random.
I believe that Amazon and the games you use the coins for know what you have available and the games require more coin usage as a result ...is not worth the $100.
Amazon coins are a new, great idea. I first noticed that they existed, when I was playing a game, and I had the option to 'pay in Amazon coins.' What are Amazon coins? Somehow I had some. I'm still not sure how I got those first coins by the way...past purchases?? (Would be nice if the Amazon coins were also made much more prominent on your Amazon website, so people know what they are, how to get them, and that they are legit.)The other feedback is that I had a problem with their purchase. The purchase went through for the coins themselves, within the game (I'm still not sure how to purchase them ON the Amazon website, something else you could improve. Amazon ease of use is usually so great.) But then when I went to use the coins on the in game item, the purchase said it went through but there was a problem and I'd get an email. Well no item and no email. I sent something to customer service about it. I hope they reply well.The suggestion is: Please make it possible to add these to my wish list. That would be awesome. Thank you.
What content do you buy for your Kindle?  Gotta have the latest paid games?  Are you app happy?  In that case maybe Amazon coins are for you!  It could be a good way to keep track of your spending habits or create a Kindle budget for your kids, make it a reward for chores or what have you.  As it is right now that's only helpful if you are buying a lot of these games and apps to begin with and that really doesn't describe me or the needs of my family.  We go with mainly free apps and games and more often the Kindle is used for other things like web browsing, checking email, movies, netflix, oh and of course books!  It would be more attractive if coins are opened up to more flexible use like music, books or movies.  The small discount isn't much of an incentive.  Sure, it's better than nothing but it's not going to get people to spend more money or feel better about the money they do spend here.  I think that buying X-amount of coins and getting X-amount free might be a more appealing way to market this virtual currency and actually entice some people to do more spending.I wholeheartedly approve of Amazon giving me free Amazon coins!  You can do that any time you want, no complaints from me.  The question is, will I be back to buy more?  Probably not.