A good buy for the money. I just wish that there was more ways to win more Amazon coins if you're not a major game player. Perhaps they can add coins if you were to buy an item of clothing or something. Giving Amazon coins towards that item would be a great idea for nongame players.
A Good rebate program for using coins. Buying more coins up front seems to be the better choice of discount.
Amazon has so many apps games and books to look into and the Amazon coins are an awesome thing to use
An easy way to purchase apps and games through Amazon. Usually get more coins than what you actually pay for.
easy to purchase and start using for all your gaming needs. would be nice if you got a bigger discount.
Easy to use and convientant way to make a purchase. I will tell others about 1000 Amazon Coins. Nice app.
Enjoyment good, very entertaining. It kept me occupied for many hours, did not want to stop playing. It is a must try game.
Gives ya coins, but ya gotta pay. pesonally I think it should be something like $7.50 for 1000 coins. 25% off!
Good flexibility,good response and difficulty about right. I liked all the different courses.  The holes on the courses seemed pretty accurate.
Great gift for my grandkids for there kindles.because they live so far away and then they can get thegames and music they want
Handy to have to purchase apps and the like.  Easier than going thru bank or charge card.  Amazon needs to put on sale or offer more coins for the dollar to make it an outstanding purchase.  Keep your eye's on the watch for sales/discount promotions on coins.
Haven't had a problem with ordering yet everythings been on time and not broke or damaged would totally recommend to my friends
I am addicted. It is really fun. There should be some instructions on some of the levels. When Facebook friends ask for help, does it cost me to help them
I can buy a large chunk of coins at once and it's easy to keep track of.  I play a lot of candy crush and I have in the past bought 99 coins here and there to keep playing.  Then I look at my statement and didn't realize how much I purchased.  It's nice to buy 1000 coins at a time.
I chose 1000 Amazon coins because it is enough coins to keep me playing without going overboard and get in debt.
I chose this book because I enjoy coming-of-age stories, but this was so much more. You will be surprised by the connections the characters make as they take you back to junior high.
I don't have much to say here as I haven't actually attempted to use this virtual currency.  I did buy it as I thought it a rather neat idea and have banked it for the future.  Guess we'll see what comes of it, if anything.
I end up spending more than I normally would  because all the extras end up being fairly expensive when all is added up.. I do like how easy it is to use. Far better than having to input all my info every time.  I know that probably is the reason I spend more.
I enjoy playing the games but I can not play as much I want because of cost restraints.  If you could trade coins for cash amazon. Coins THINGS would be bit bettrr
If I got them it would be very nice. I like getting things for doing very little or if it is unexpected.
If it were free I would give it 5 stars since u have to pay it only gets 4 stars
If you are going to be spending money on games or tokens in games, you might as well use this, or one of the offers where you at least get more coins than money cost. This one (1000) did not break the bank, but offered enough to go for a while on Candy Crush and other games that require you purchase extras.
I have not figured out how to use the coins I have left after playing that one game that required I purchase coins before I played the game. I do not have that game on my Kindle anymore because I reached the end of the set of puzzles and there aren't anymore without more purchase and I figured the amount of coins I purchased would get me more than what I got.I will willingly use the coins on something else, if anyone has any recommendations that are useful to me.
I have purchased the coins. But I have to careful because I tend to spend to much money. Thank you.
I have used it to buy apps and found that it was very simple to use and you can buy more coins from Amazon to pay for your apps.
I like that you get more coins for less money. It didn't cost me 1000 cents for 1000 coins!! Good buy
I like the fact that it saves you money and can be used on many items.. Will purchase more when I have used the up.
I like the idea of purchase of coins. You then can see how many credits you have left to spend. Makes it easier than pay as you go.
i like them u can buy lots of cool apps an its easy to use so yah there cool .
I LOVE the 1.99 and.99 cent books from the Kindle daily deals via email. I would love them even more if you could use your amazon coins to buy them. Also, as mentioned in other reviews I read, it would be great if coins could be used on ALL amazon purchases. If that were possible, I would absolutely purchase more coins than I do.
I love this type of game and Room 1 and 2 are great.Eerie,creepy and oh so interesting.I do wish they were longer!
I need an easier way to earn the coins, or get  some after a certain score, it is so hard to earn them.
it could be a little better of a deal. it would help me to  get leveled up easier and faster.
I think it is pretty easy to do and convenient. :) plus seems safer :)I would recommend using the coins :)
I think that Amazon is just as good as the others it's fast and you get everything that everyone else has I like it
I think you should give out point every week. It is a lot of money for just 500 points witch will only get u like 2 games.
I thought this was dopey at first but you can save money if you like to order a fair amount of apps.  I love to play the Hidden Object games.  You don't save a lot per game but over time it will get you a cheaper game for free.
It is cheaper and easier to buy by quantity. The down side is that since it is there u spend it quicker.
It is easy to use maybe too easy even my child can do it and she is only five very smart
It it Good but if your not careful it will go faster than you realize. Worth the money for it.
It only took moments to acquire the coins using PayPal. It makes it more convenient to purchase new apps quickly!!
It's easy. One payment for many more plays. Have thoroughly enjoyed the ease of the usability. I think I am.
It's probably a pretty good deal.  Too bad it cannot be spent on books.  Although it's not a big discount, every little bit helps.
It's so much easier when playing games to click the coins instead of having to purchase each play. Like the deals on coins too.
I wanted to buy an application quickly and purchasing coins was easier than charging my card.  I had coins already, so could purchase just what I needed to get the app I wanted.
I wish there were more ways to earn coins maybe free for completing surveys.Might be nice if coins can be earned while please Amazon apps?
I wish theses where free to give out it would make it more better seeing as how you use them up in a blink of an eye.
I would have given a 5 star rating if we could earn gold coins in all of our Amazon purchases.
Just like cash but coins for apps, movies, and books. Saved a little bit of money by getting the coins instead.
Like the coins rather then using a credit card and you get more for your money I lone them thanks
Like them I play a games.on my kindle. Would recommend to anyone who plays games to use them . They can b used for purchasing music from amazon store.
Like the product and the ease of being able to search for and get the items that I want to purchase
Love the coins specially when they are free I which when you buy  them they will give you more for your money
Made extra lives in candy crush easier to acquire by not having to purchase each time you need an extra life.
Made getting what I needed easier. This is very convenient to use when playing certain games. It took no time at all to get what I needed.
made very easy to use i would recommend this site to anyone . good prices and showed up when promised  and was what was advirtised
One thing I don't like is the idea of having to convert real money to coins. I do like the bank and being able to buy games without using my account.
Thank you for giving me a way to save a little money on my personal entertainment.  I feel like I can pay for some of the apps and games that I wouldn't usually spend money on.
Thank you for the coins, it was used very wisely. My rating was like it, because I used it for items I wanted to purchases.
The coins are great when I need to get more ammo for my zombie game.  It beats trying to sign in and buy more bombs every time I need them.  I just use my coins.
The instructions for using the games is not always clear.how do I find more help and how can l delete what I don't like?
These coins work well for in app purchases.  I used to have to buy gift cards for in app purchases, but now I just purchase coins.  These come in real handy.
They are okay but I don't think they work on all games If they do mine sure vanish quick.  I think they are a great idea.  Just don't raise the prices PLEASE.
This is a decent amount of coins for the purchases I make which are predominately games and books.  It's also at a great price.
this is great you spend 9.50....for 1000 coins....so you don't spend money...on your games or any other item you wish to purchase.
This is really neat. Did not know we could do this. Until I was looking for game to add. Thank you for showing me this.
This is the best way to pay for the product s oh purchase I found it quite b accident but glad I did
this part is great but went I use it on  pirate cove it never given me my credit iwould have spend more but I am losing  money thanks for asking
Using amazon coins just make things easier. Things don't have to be complicated and with amazon coins it's not at all.
Very addicting game pass the time quickly.can play with out paying anything.to pat 7 dollars to get double coins sux
very cute and fun. Enjoyable, to see. And do. All my games are very addictive. Good to pass time. Thanks for keeping me in- bored.
Very good game play it all the time need to make more games like this I would play. It to
Well, you save 5%, so I can't complain too much. It's like getting 50 free coins when you buy 950 of them. Everything helps!
You guys rock, super easy to use!! Would recomend to anyone over apple. Never dresses up either which is fantastic
I think 1000 is rather useful. It seems to be just enough to download the games my son has been wanting me to put on my Kindle
The coins are a neat idea - Thank you! I am undecided about what to do with them at the moment.
Save some money when you use the coins and it's easy to add to the account with a gift card or debit
I LOVE THIS OFFERS , ITS WORTH EVERY CENT I SPENT AND I LOOK FORWARD TO BUY MORE AMAZON COINS IN THE FUTURE
I enjoy playing games and the ability to get a discount when you buy coins is great.
Amazon coins are awesome, I wish they would create more ways to earn them. For example, I wish that you got so many coins for any Amazon purchases instead of only being able to buy the coins. I think it would be a great customer loyalty reward. Also, I have a hard time finding the coins to purchase sometimes from my computer. There should be a direct link to purchase/gift coins from the drop down category selector, like right in the Kindle tab.
It is fun. I had fun playing it.  I would like it if I had it on play station or game cube.
I ordered the 5000 Amazon coins for $45. I think the deals are great for the percentage you get off. However, they could make it so you could save a little more or give Prime members better deals.
I'm a long time Amazon and Kindle user, and have never had a problem like this.  As far as I'm concerned, it's a deciptive practice and I'm surprised Amazon continues in it.  I'm a new Kindle Fire user, and kept seeing the "Coins" tab appear.  When I clicked on it, it showed that a variety of different quatitites of Coins could be purchased, and the purchase price for each quanitity was struck through, with the word "Free" next to it.  I selected one of the quanities, and it put me into a purchase queue, and again, the quanitiy appeared but at no point was I told I would be charged any amount for the Coins.  So... thinking it was a promotion or something for new Fire owners, I pressed the "Confirm Purchase" button.  The FIRST and ONLY time I was shown that there would be a charge was when I looked in my account listing, and saw that it appeared as a purchase at a discounted price, but at a price which was 90% of the "struck through" price shown next to "FREE."Can anyone suggest a way to obtain a refund (I have virtually all the games and apps I desire on my Fire now, so I'll never be able to obtain any value from being pulled into this diceptive purhase.***AMENDED REVIEW 11/11/2013***  Amazon contacted me to apologize and explain that a technical problem caused the price to be "free" when in fact it would charge $90 to the credit card.  The have issued a full refund, and I'm pleased with their responsible approach to retailing.  I've changed the review to four stars just to reflect that it would have been better if the technical glitch had not occurred in the first place.
I use Amazon coins for in game purchases!  They are good especially when they are free or bundled in good packages.
I think it's a great idea but it was hard to collect on certain games. I had to call and get help and get refunded twice before I could use my coins. The person I talked to was very helpful but I shouldn't have had to go through that.
The coins make it easy to manage purchases and keep track of spending. With amazon coins, I don't make multiple purchases. I can make one charge at a time.
I like it.  You can't beat the price for this amount of Amazon coins and it saves from constantly using my card.  Cool
I would like see more specials on Sims Free play that you can buy with the coins. I spend allot on Sims Free Play and spent allot more when you got free coins for buying life points.
Good value is a plus, and spending the coins is safe and easy, would recommend this to everyone who uses Amazon.
Much easier getting a bunch at a time.
This was a good buy. Look forward to using my coins for future purchases. I have already used a few.
This program Amazon has started is a great idea for them. It's an old business tactic, offer a product at a discounted rate BUT...it can only be used at that store and usually with restrictions. And to some people that is a great deal. If you use a lot of apps for your kindle then this is a great way to save a little money.Here are some of thoughts on the program:*Great for those who use a lot of apps on their kindle, I do not personally.*I applaud what Amazon is doing. From our standpoint as consumers it's not such a big thing. And that is because of something that a lot of people here are forgetting. THIS PROGRAM IS OPTIONAL!!  You don't buy a lot of apps to justify using Coins? You are a staunch defender of human individual rights against big corporation manipulation? Fine. DON'T BUY THEM. As of this time you can still use real money to make your app purchases.*After reading the terms and conditions I can agree with the hazard of buying a lot of coins and letting them sit, and then having the program killed. But at this point, I don't see that happening. It is new so it will be up for  awhile yet. I don't see how a lot of effort is being expended by Amazon to keep this program going. It is already up and with the fact that it is optional means they don't have to cave in to demands from consumers to kill it, i.e. Microsoft pts(which are the ONLY way to purchase stuff from xbox live). So again, I just don't see this program being killed at a whim. Just my opinion however.*To those complaining about the free 500 coins. What is there to complain about? It's free!! No obligations whatsoever. Heck, you don't even have to use them if you want. This is what they call in the business world as a "Free Sample". It's not a difficult concept I promise. It's so you can use them and see how it all works, and if you want more.....there you go. The business made a sell. As far as this goes specifically, I believe it's more of an award to Kindle owners. Jeff Bezos has a history of rewarding his long time costumers. I personally greatly appreciate it.-Now for what I would like to see happen with this program...*Have it set up like a rewards program. Make a qualifying purchase, (such as a digital song), get a coin or two. This stimulates a sense of reward and loyalty with consumers. Make it similar to Ebay points( a great rewards program in my opinion). Just with Amazon Coins instead.*Make a discount scale. This is popular with freemium internet games. Make the $5 purchase a 5% discount, the $10 a 10% discount and the $100 coin purchase a 20% discount or greater and so on and so on. The math is whatever( I know a more accurate and fair pay scale can be worked out, mine was just an example) but I think y'all get my point. This would entice people to make the bigger purchases in coins.*KEEP IT OPTIONAL!!! I personally believe that Bezos will not convert all purchases for apps to this method, but I guess it could happen. So therefore I would like to see that this program remains optional to those who do not wish to purchase coins.*Broaden the horizon to include all other Kindle content i.e. magazines, books, etc... Can't really expand on this further. It is what it is.FINAL THOUGHTS: A great little program for those who can get some use out of it. I do not think it is a revolutionary idea that is going to take off and be wildly successful but I don't think it can hurt anyone at all. If you can justify making the purchase for coins then do so. And good on you. If you can't.....then disregard and just use the old method instead. And that's my bottomline. You like it, you use it. You don't like it....then you don't use it. Couldn't get simpler to me.4/5 stars: 3 stars for the tactic(not my favorite, but I understand it from Amazon's view point).+1 for the free coins+1 for keeping the option available to use real money-1 for limiting the content which can be bought by these Coins
Was wonderful thankyou  nice and easy way to buy games. Thank you for giving coins free helpedI thought this was a great way to buy games easy to use between this and gift card I would rather if in the near future would it be possible if u could  make a Amazon coin card like the amazon gift card. That way could  put coin card on account  thankyou
I like the Amazon Coins as they work with many different games and apps. and they allow me to have one charge, rather then several individual charges on my credit card.  This is much easier to manage and gives out my credit card info to less individual entities that I do not know or trust like I do Amazon.Denise Varnado
This is a great way to give kids some coins for their Kindle games/apps. It would have gotten 5 stars except for that when you gift them, the person who the kindle is registered to has to go into their email and follow some steps there before the coins load onto the kindle.
Like the use of coins to buy games. They come in really handy until you get down to last few.
I originally received 500 coins when they first came out, and really liked this way of purchasing items using the coins. I have since gone back and purchased more. Good deal...you get bonus coins when you buy more, so this gives you more bang for you buck.
UPDATE 12/7/2013: I originally gave this 2 stars but have updated it to 4 stars. Why? Because Amazon has been giving lots of FREE coins away for buying Free apps, mostly Kindle Edition apps. In the past 2 months I've earned about $15 from the free coin giveaways. These coins can be used to purchase other apps and also for in-app purchases. How do you find out when free coins are being given away? Well, that's the hard part but I will try to post in the comments of this review in the future when I come across the giveaways.UPDATE 5/24/14: (Memorial Day Weekend, Time Limited Offer Only)Amazon has 5 Select Android Apps with 200 Amazon Coins Each for Free ($10 Total Value--it doesn't have to work on your device to get the coins and you don't have to actually download the app until if and when you want to try it.)Food Network In the KitcheniHeartRadio - Free Music & Internet RadioStrawberry Shortcake Bake Shop - Dessert Maker Game for Kids in Preschool and KindergartenStrawberry Shortcake FreeDon't step the white tileDr. Panda's Restaurant - FREE - Cooking Game For KidsORIGINAL MAY 2013 REVIEW:I must admit I became rather excited when I saw that Amazon had started an Amazon Gold Coin program. At first I thought it was the solution for a way to be able to "gift" Amazon Apps to my kids, family members, and friends as I often do with MP3 purchases on Amazon. After reading the details that certainly isn't how it works.I'm very disappointed that it doesn't seem to be anything more than a coin based banking system solely for the purchase of Amazon Apps.Now, if Amazon awarded coins as bonuses for purchases of various OTHER items sold and fulfilled by Amazon, that WOULD be interesting. But as it stands, it is limited to only Android Apps and you must pre-buy the coins to get the small discount, which is not all that useful. What's next? Silver Coins for Amazon Instant Video? Bronze Coins for Kindle e-books? If Amazon wants to further promote the use of their Kindle tablets as entertainment devices with these Gold coins, they should be redeemable for ANY content that can be used on a Kindle Fire(or compatible devices): E-books, MP3's, Amazon Instant Videos/TV shows as well as Apps. Wouldn't that make more sense?Also, forgive me for not being impressed with having to spend $90 to get 10,000 Gold coins to save $10 (10%) on Amazon Apps. Who buys that many Apps? Amazon needs to work on getting the latest versions of apps available to us much quicker (like Google Play does) before they start trying to ply us with tiny discounts like saving $0.20 for buying 500 coins at $4.80I hope this is just the start of some bigger picture idea that Amazon has. Expanded correctly it could be very promising. We'll just have to wait and see.For now anyway, thanks Amazon for the $5 and the periodic Free Coins.
On the surface these coins are good. You can use them to buy allsorts of things for tablets/phones/kindles. I just wish I could use my Amazon points to buy coins.
The coin are a great way to save money.  I have saved from 4 percent to 20 percent on the purchase of in games productions.  When apps have major updates the developer's engineering department does not communicate with its jbilling department making using the coins impossible.  Amazon has always refunded my money, and the coin purchase problem is corrected rather quickly.  Except for this problem, which is not Amazon's fault, I would have given it five stars.
i really like this system very much it's easy to buy someone a gift they can usei enjoy it very much
My daughter loves spending time reading and playing games on her new Kindle Fire.  We definitely like using the Google play store and Amazon.com!
It is a Nice amount of coins to use with your favorite games not to many but not to little.
They are great if you play game with powerup that are under $4.00 so you won't have all kinds of little charges on you card
Buys a lot of mojo for little empire and a 10% discount from Google play. I give it 4 stars
Well I bought a slew of these not really knowing what they were, but I use them to buy small apps and books so I dont have 30 amazon debits on my bank account. Recently bank security locked my account as they thought my card had been compromised due to a lot of new apps I bought when I got my first HD Fire unit. This is where I think the coins are valuable in that they allow sprees of small purchases without cluttering up you bank statement.
I like using the coins to make the in app purchase as it makes the process easier.  However, I would expect a better 'discount' to obtain the coins, as their use goes really fast in some games.  When I started I expected free to be free, but  of course it is not.  Use of the coins doesn't always feel like spending real money.
You get more bang for your buck when using Amazon coins. When you purchase you get free coins corresponding to the amount spent.
I like the coins because it helps me control how much I spend on games....whether I buy 500 or 1000.
Amazon coins are just amazing in my opinion, the only bothering thing is the setted max roof of coins purchaseble in the same 24 hours.
coins are fine. Am very disappointed in the game. I received the coins and the game will not let me past board fifty. Told me I must buy the pass for  99 coins. I tried to and they said I already own it, which I do and still when I try, it tells me to buy the pass so I used the remaining coins on board fifty. This is the second time this has happened to me.  I quit. It is an excellent game and I have been in the 60's but as long as tis keeps happening it is useless for me to play it as it won't let me past. I keep offering to rebuy and it won't let me. I wonder if this problem has happened to others.mjurus@yahoo.com
I wish they'd give better deals on the coin purchases but overall it's a good product.  I play a lot of app games and even though I try not to, end up making in app purchases every now and then.
Amazon Coins are a good way to get a lot of in-app purchases if the apps support it.Some of the apps have problems with the purchases though so sometimes it might not work.
very good.satisfying
An easy way to get extra lives or moves.  Like it!
Since coins are sold at a discount, buying coins is a way to save a little more on apps.I only give coins 4 stars as coins are not usable on ebooks.
We need the 50% coin return bonus back. Other than that better to buy off amazon.
So what's not to love?  I give it 4.5 (sorry I can't mark half stars) because I still have a problem with everyone, Amazon and In App purchases, never showing the 'true' price.  If it says 199 coins then I expect to lose 199 coins not 217 or 212 or 234.  199.  So you end up losing the free percentage in a sense because it goes to taxes or whatever.  On the plus side, you will still be paying those fees without the benefit of the free percentage so at least you end up saving something.One more big plus, using coins to purchase means quicker refunds when, as they will, an In App purchase goes through but you receive nothing.  Amazon has always been amazingly quick about refunding my coins when I have contacted them about a problem.  With a monetary purchase you have to wait until it hits your credit card.  With coins they just put them back in.As always, too many words for a simple rating but that's my 2 cents :)
It allows me to buy some appts. that I liked. I recommend it  to everybody..Some games are cheap others are expensive.
If you buy frequently this is a great way to make purchases and save money.Who does not need to save money today.
Give me a better discount
They come in hand when playing games when in app purchasing is required.  Just like every budget you must set up your own guideline and be true to them.
I love this concept , I  just wish we should be able to purchase e-books as well w/ these and then it would be perfect!
Excellent alternative to spend real money. In addition, when you use these coins you get some back when playing certain games.
Good percentage discount.
I love a discount!  Coins are a great way to get kids started on being accountable for what they spend and practicing those math skills!  Any chance we will be able to purchase Kindle books with coins?  If so, my rating would be a 5!
This program is awesome if you make in app purchases. Unfortunately, you cannot earn bonus coins for all apps and they may drop bonuses for certain apps without warning. :(
This is a great game for my daughter.  Especially when we are out and I need to keep her busy.
I enjoyed reading this book but was surprised how long it took for the soon to be bride to realize just what her fianc&eacute; was really like.
It was very easy to manage. And it made pictures look awesom . definitely recommend it to other people !
I actually don't mind buying/purchasing with the coins, in fact I find it easier than entering my cc info every time I make a purchase. However I can see where there might be a problem with impulse buying ..... the coins make it easy almost too easy. Maybe that was the intention :S Good for Amazon not so much for my wallet.I was wondering why coins? Wouldn't gift cards accomplish the same thing?The idea of being able to earn coins, that I saw mentioned mention a previous posting would have really been great! Why not reward loyal members/purchasers with coins?
Coinsare a must if you want to go further on the game.to unlock power ups The problem comes of the costs  to be competitive.
I found easy to use the coins and would recommend this way of paying for applications and in game help
Order was easy. The savings is also  nice.  I am using it as a way to keep my kids gift card money separate on their kindle.
I purchased a large order and bought something that never showed up.  Today it happened again!  I think the coin process is a rip off!
The coins appeared immediately, the bonus was nice, and I definitely enjoyed the extra gems.Great job and keep it up amazon.
I am 200 coins from buying an app, but I now have to spend 4.50 to get another 500 coins. So after my purchase I will be left with about 300 coins, so once again I will be shy from making any app purchase that is over 300 coins. I just want a way to buy the 100 or 200 coins I need, or something, anything to keep this from see-sawing from too much to too little.
Should be more savings on bigger bundles same ratio as 50 dollar buy still ok though for a buy on occasion
Coins didn't deposit into game the first time, had. To call for a refund then rebuy , other then all, all was good
If you have kids I recommend Amazon Coins, it's like giving them coins to play at an arcade only you buy the games not just play.
In my opinion, they are convenient and a great value for the money.  I would reorder them again when my account balance needs a refill.
it keeps me busy it is fun very active and entertaining i use them for my games that i play thank you
I don't have a clue where these things are used, I had purchased them thinking they would give lifes  in the Candy Cruch Saga.it is stillmystery to me where they are spent/used for give me a hint if you know . thanks
It help me to buy more gem in brave frontier and maybe in other game!Maybe I can buy more next timeThanks
Nice to have on hand for purchasing small items.  Purchased this item at a discount which added value to my investment. Would definitely recommend this to others.
I like the idea of the coins better now since when you purchase coins you are now rewarded  with bonus coins.
I like having a couple hundred coins on hand to do in app purchasing, however it does cost more than cash.
I like the use of the Amazon Coins for purchasing apps for my Kindle Fire.  Not having to pull out credit card and re-enter information and knowing that I have storage ability to use coins for adding on to a app or downloading a new product.  The only item I do not like is finding out that a particular app requires multiple purchases to get the complete app.
THis is a very good product if you want to save money on in app purchases. The only downside is the waiting/processing time.
I wonder how many of the one star reviewers actually read up on how these work. I've read a few dozen complaining that the coins never showed up. It's not like metal coins pour out of the micro-USB port when you complete the purchase. From my experience they just kind of hide out with the rest of your stored payment methods until you make a purchase. At that time you're offered the option to use the coins or a different payment method. It's always worked for me. I also read a review that was complaining that you should have your spent coins refunded if you regret an app purchase. Really? Come on. That's worthy of a one star review? You bought the app. You don't like the app, that's just the way it goes, womp-womp. Sometimes you're the windshield and sometimes you're the bug. Why should Amazon have to pay you for that?The obvious main feature to this is the ability to make Amazon purchases with these coins rather than a traditional payment method, because the coins cost less than actual money but are worth the same. Get it? Spent $23 on 2500 coins and you have $25 of Amazon spending power. That's the point and purpose of the Amazon coins. If you want to make Amazon purchases why wouldn't you do this? And if you have trouble, contact customer support or take the time to understand the program before you give it a one star.
I can get so many coins and my kids aren't bothering to add games to their kindle. Like iPad you need apple code so as soon as the children see a game they like they need our permission but if you give them a certain amount of coins and that's it. They figure it out themselves.
simple & easy. your able to navigate so easy  allows me to do just what I wanted & continue playing
its good! i've used to for in-app purchase and receive bonus coins.did get into some error but CS are helpful enuff to help me solve the issue.overall its a good deal :)
I like it because it's easier to use coins then to always pay cash for the games I play.  It is convenient and I an use the coins to buy other things, but I use them mostly in my games
I like that my credit card info is secure and I can't overspend on purchases. This way I have a limit
Makes purchases much easier and faster.  Really like the fact there is always a running total.  I will use this option again.
I wish there were more ways to earn coins, however, I like the fact that I get more bang for my buck. Even if it is only a few more coins that my actual dollar. Will purchase coins again, it is like using a coupon.
The availability of these coins is very convenient. I also like the fact they can be used for purchases on Amazon and Kindle. This is very convenient for the consumer. You just have tobuy coins and then exchange them to pay for things. Like real money. No need to keep entering credit card information for every purchase.
This is a great way to add to your in app purchases. Your totals are easily seen on the bottom of your screen when starting. When purchasing in app your know at a glance if you have enough coins or if it's pulled from your card. The only drawback I have found is some in app purchases will not be deducted from your coins but always comes off your credit card.
It was fast and hassle for my game. Easy to top up as well. No problems at all so I am giving it 4 stars. 1 star short cause it was kinda still expensive.
i enjoy being able to play different types of games.  The variety of games is amazing and far reaching.  You can play role play games, arcade games and mind bending games also.  thank you
This is a good coin to have. Definitely you can use this to moat of the apps at amazon only.
I like the amazon coins but I wish their was a way to earn free coins. I know i can get them if I buy more games but that is just another way for me to have to spend money. I usually purchase my online items through Amazon and feel taken advantage of by needing to purchase more game apps to get free coins.Otherwise I like them for in game purchasing.
I prefer to order these coins to pay for my extras to my favorite games, music, etc.  One can simply log into his/her Amazon account (to make a safe purchase) versus having a gaming site pull money fees, etc from your debit card (not always safe).  Works very well!!
I like that you get ten percent off. Amazon has some really great specials. The coin bonus for purchasing certain apps is nice.
Coins easy to order and easy to use - just ask my Granddaughter - Grandma & the coins are a big hit !!
The savings, by using coins is quite nice.  My reason for the four stars and not five is the occasional "it is taking a while to process your order" when purchasing an app item.  I didn't think the order went through so I clicked to purchase again and hours later realised I had purchased twice.  This has happened several times.  I don't know if it's an Amazon error or the apps error but I am quite dissatisfied with that glitch.
Now I was going to purchase a game for my little brother to enjoy on my kindle, it was like 50$, but kindle suggested the coins which were for like 45$ and I'll have extra coins to shop later...
I like the fact that it saves me a little cash, but the game I use it for was updated on everything EXCEPT MY KINDLE FIRE. King's Bounty: Legions is where I spent all those coins but, I won't be buying anymore til they come up with an update for my Kindle Fire.
Would really enjoy greater than 10% bonus as although this is good, it could be a lot better!!!Regardless this is still pretty good purchase!
It makes it easy to buy apps on my kindle...will always buy amazon coins.....And a little discount on them along with discounts on some apps make it a really good value
I like the idea of having coins on reserve when I play my games, It would be a five but it can get expensive.
So easy to use.  Lots of discounts and bonus coins. Wil buy again. Need more coins. So addicting to buy.
I love the coins, but would like to see them offered in smaller amounts so that when you need just a few to complete a deal you could choose your own amount.
It would be a GREAT idea, if you would make it a little more discount and remind people a little more often.  I have enjoyed all of my Amazon purchases.  I have enjoyed most of my Kindle purchases.
maybe still have a lot of weakness but thanks to amazon, lately we can get free coin so we can buy another app. please give more free coin to us. we glad to have you here amazon :D
As I understand it, Amazon coins are not required to make any purchases. However, I saved money by buying the coins, so when I use them to purchase, I will have saved money on that merchandise. Why wouldn't I want to save money?!
This is a great game for people who likes combat action.My only problem with this product is,there should be a better rocket launcher to take down helicopter gun ships.Still I would recommend this product to anyone who likes war action games.
I'ts easy to make a purchase and you can buy books,magazines or games and everything is at your finger tips.
I use these to purchase apps, and for in-game purchases.  I think they are great because I can add them to my son's account and I don't have to attach a credit card to it.  I wish Amazon would provide a way to earn coins without having to sign up for spam.  Maybe earn them as &#34;cash back&#34; on purchases.
It's easy and seems safer to spend money. It makes it fun for the kids as well. The best part is for app purchase.
I chose  a four star rating because this was a great value for my money. I'd recommend this to anyone who'd like use coins for purchase
Amazon coin is pretty neat. The rebate on some of the iap I have made is great. However, there was a long wait for the coins to go into the account.
Not sure how to use or even purchase with them the coins but earning them seem to easy and fast
Great, very nice.  Well written. The author mixes history and fiction nicely to keep the readers attention.  Finished it in two days.
There great cause they make sure it safe. I just like all your apps and service.. this k you  all.
I got to get a lot of things on Amazon it is not bad spending $21To get 2500 coins that's $25
Is turning into a slight pay to win game. Which could mean its down fall. Other than that its a good game.
I liked it better when I didn't have to pay a tax on the coins. Either way. I still enjoy them and keep buying them.
Whelp, Amazon's gone minted virtual coins. It had to happen eventually, I suppose; as the US Dollar crashes, even some states have passed laws establishing alternative legal tender like gold and silver.The up side could be that Amazon Coin's strength shores up the US Dollar through its current 100:1 peg.Worst case scenario? That's easy -- Amazon unpegs Coin from USD, at which point OPEC nations start accepting Amazon Coin for oil in lieu of dollars. The Greenback collapses, and "petrocoin" becomes a global reserve currency.Naturally, that can only happen if Amazon is somehow powerful enough to carve business from stalwarts like the Fed and ECB.I'd better buy a few more just to be safe.