1000 amazon coins helped me get a lot out of my app and I didn't expect to get coins in return after using it!
1000 coins are nice. Together with free coins, I can purchase more apps and other stuffs I need. That's all!
Absolutely love the coins. So much fun to spend!! I use them almost every day on My Singing Monsters game!!
Always need them. But wish could get more bonuses and free gifts for the buck.
Always works great and helpful... never a wait for approval. It's convent and nice to get a little extra.  Thank you for creating this app
Amazon coins are a much better way to puchase apps on my kindle! It's the only way I'll buy apps!
Amazon coins are great and a very easy way to pay for games in game purchases,  I think more apple and droids should start something like this
Amazon coins are great I'd rather buy coins than have it save my card info I would totally recommend this!!!!!
Amazon coins are the best and make it easy to purchase apps. Free ones even better !Loving my Kindle Fire HD everyday !!!!
Amazon coins are the way to go!  I find it's a lot easier to keep track of how much I spend on games and apps if I allot myself so many coins per month.  Once you make a purchase, it's subtracted from your coin balance and you know how much you have left to ration out over the period of time you allotted yourself.
Amazon coins. I love to earn and purchase coins. I use them to purchase things. Very easy to use. Love it.
Amazon coinsI really like the use of amazon coins,you are protected by amazon and able to control how much is spent.You also do not need to fill out your information  repeatedly.
Amazon coins save you money and is so much easier than paying each time you want extra lifes or other extras when playing games.
Amazon.com makes it easy. I purchase and use my credit card just once and I am able to use my coins to purchase things from all of my different games.
Amazon gives reward for every purchase you make no matter the amount it is. They make sure that you are buying the product by confirming every purchase which I. Find is great.
Amazon is easy to navigate, secure, and have never been disappointed with my purchases. My only complaint is purchases while gaming do not always transfer and not easy to refresh.
Amazon is great and easy to use!! I use is for all my books and games. My kids love the apps on amazon.
Amazon is great! I love how it is cheaper to buy amazon coins.  U can do and buy alot of things
Amazon is the best online shopping experience so far.I've always been able to find whatever I was shopping far. Online account is well indeed.
Amazon snakes it so easy to find things. I recommend them for those things you cannot find any where else.
A way to save a little money/ a good idea on the part of Amazon gives customers a choice. Thank you amazon
because i like how quick and fun it iskeeps me entertainedkeep up the good workthank youHave a good day
because its a 1000 coins. great idea for the new purchases. I think the format for commenting is difficult and cumbersome.
Because of how looked it is pretty cool so you should buy coins just saying you can get the better games
being able to get games and books without money is great, now i can get games and books with coins instead of money.just by doing this post i get 1000 coins or 10 dollars.
Best deal, you get more for your money.  I dont need to attach a credit card to my phone. Safe and secure. Love them!
Best way to give friends or family access to purchase products and not have to worry about mail, or what gift. Amazon coins are genius!
Blah blah blah thise peole who think this is one star they either tryed it on first gen kinldle fire which mistake i made but i upgraded cus mine broke... the screen i dropped... just dont listen to bad reviews yor basically buying money
Buy at a discount, though I don't buy a lot and so the discount is not the most, but I do receive a discount to use on my games.
Buying 1000 at a time makes it very user friendly.  I am sure I will use it often in the future.
Buying coins is so easy. I buy coins first then do my purchase as this saves around 5%. one click.
buying the coins is a cool way to purchase apps. for the kindle. It is also teaching my son some responsibility.When he spends all of the coins, he knows that's all, until he has earned more.
Buying the coins made it cheaper to play a game rather than using cash. Saving money is always the best!
Buying these coins is a great way to manage app purchases for family members. The bulk discounts is an added bonus.
Coins are always a great value and  make it easier for our children to purchase games. We dont have to be worried about them going over their limits when they only use coins for in app purchases
Coins are great! It's easy fast and the coins are there when you need them. Keep up the great work!!!
Coins are sweet and when my Daddy buys coins I use themFor some sweet Apps. I hope he buys more coins for me soon! Yes !!!!
Coins are way better than cash and i use them to make purchases all the time. Buy coins you will get your moneys worth.
Coins give me buying power.  I have one problem with them they get used to quickly.  However I am getting more coin rewards so now they do not deplete as quickly
Coins save money. Cant really complain wen ur gettin to save some cash while playin ur favorite games & or music
come in handy love them and they are a great deal. I wish they would go on sale so that I could stock up on them.
Comes in handy for those in app purchases, saves you from having to spend actual money for those purchases. Greatly appreciated some games will actually give you bonus coins for making your purchases.
Comes in handy shopping at your fingertips.  Feel secure about it. Not sure how the tax works out at the end of the year though.
Convenient. Feels like you're at the arcade! Keeps you purchasing more and more. Could be a bad thing... But it's available for all games.
Easy, and Convenient way of spending money, rather buy the coins then using money, and you get more for the price
easy, convenient, saves money,  it only takes seconds to buy and use amazon coins and it saves you money when you do.
Easy to acquire and use for lots of things you want for your games and other purchases.  Easy to use.
Easy to buy, easy to spend.  It's kind of like asking me to rate money.  Going thru this simple extra step of buying the coins rather than spending money directly gets you a discount on your app purchases.
Easy to buy the kids these coins so they can buy apps or upgrades. Bought as a gift to their Amazon Account & done - loved it & got a discount!! Buying again today!
Easy to purchase. fun to have and use for different game. just they go too fast. it seem that each game requires a lot to use
Easy way to buy games. The games ate fun and challenging. Always great deals on coins. I would recommend coins as a spending tool.
Easy way to make purchases without having to pull out a credit card on your kindle. If you have kids, you can &#34;preload&#34; their kindles with however much you want (each week, month, year, etc) and let them decide how to spend it. This way they don't have access to your credit card (so they can't make hundreds of dollars of purchases without you knowing until its too late).
Ever since I purchased a KINDLE FIRE HD, I was introduced to Amazon.com.  I knew little of the company other than what I heard from others or on the media channel.  Upon activation of my Kindle, I was invited to used the Prime Option which gives you plenty of perks and discounts on a whole bunch of stuff; including huge discounts of books, considerable discounts on shopping just in general etc.  I have appreciated the excellent service I've received from many of the companies that are registered with Amazon.  Except for One ~  Razor Reef out of California.  They obviously decided to take a vacation during the Christmas period, so when I ordered something from them, they put it on delayed shipping.  I did receive the product ultimately, but only after they requested 4 times that I cancel my order.  I refused, forcing them to ship their product to me (here in Virginia) clear across the country.  So 99 out of 100 is a pretty good first year score I think.  Thank You Amazon.
EVER SINCE I'VE RECIEVED MY SMART PHONE AND DISCOVERED ALL THE FUN GAMES I COULD PLAY ON IT, I HAVE REALLY GOTTEN INTO BUYING AND EARNING AMAZON COINS.  I LIKE BEING ABLE TO KEEP A GAME GOING WHEN I AM ON A ROLL AND I CAN WHEN I HAVE AMAZON COINS STACK UP TO USE ON ANY AMAZON GAME.  CAN'T PLAY WITH OUT THEM.BECKY K.
Every experience I've had with Amazon has been AMAZing and convenient!!!  It's easy access and support is always available at any time.
Everything is simple to view and purchase. I have not had a problem yet. Its fast and easy to purchase
Excellent for help with games. I use them often as in need them.  The deals can't be beat any where.
Fast and easy way to get those extra lives/tools/time to finish challenges, level up and maximize game enjoyment without frustration.
fast and reliable, i would recommend purchases to others through amazon and keep up the quality work and keep progressing.
First time player first-time every used my kindle for playing a game.it was very easy to do and brought some joy.it's FUN!
Free is always good.I like AmaZon I'm kinda new to it, but it's easy to use.I  also like shopping through Amazon.
Fun and easy option for buying items! When playing games it saves you money the more you buy making it a deal!
Fun and easy.  Usable for many things such as downloads of books, games, music, apps.  Wait for the free ones.
Get more for your money with these coins. Easy to use. Easy to buy. Use them like money to buy anything.
Gives you a little extra. Nice because it adds up. After a couple times you can get something extra. A+
good deal for the money. I was only offered this one time it was a great deal it was put to great use Wish you would have more specials on your coins :)
good end interesting a like buy for my games and my app no more comment very nice amazon coins 5
Good for way to get your kids do something for this coins like  a reward for listening or doing there chores, my kids love it when I buy coins for them . Nice
Got more for my money by buying coins!! I was able to play my game longer by purchasing coins from Amazon.
Great! Daughter can use kindle and buy apps on her own!! She is only 6 so this makes things simple!
Great deal best way to buy things for my games and purchase small items. It makes me secure with purchases
great deal !!!! buying the coins makes it easier to keep track of how much is being spent especially when you have multiple kindles and everyone wants a different game or up grades
Great deal
Great deal, way easier then using apps on other devices and at a lower cost. And receive more coins from buying them is awesome.
Great idea for buying apps. I wish the Amazon coins could be redeemed through Amazon's credit card reward points.  COINS
Great idea....getting an app for free then having to pay for stuff in it lol. LMAO!!!! It's a great gimmick! I bet all these (FREE) games are making millions LMAO
Great Idea! It works great for the games I play. Would be nice to earn coins through purchases from Amazon.
Great offer really should try. You can get fifteen dollars value for only 14 dollars. This really helped me with my limited amount of money
great probucts get them fast can go wrong with amazon they have so many options you will love for you and your family
Great shirt with great price.Sizes fit accuratelyQuality make by the manufacturer.  I most Would definitely purchase this shirt again.
Great to have the coins if don't much money help. Help you buy more or save for later. I would buy an save them or spend them too&#128515;&#128515;
Great tool to purchase while playing games, makes progressing easier. Can be addictive though. Fun option to use instead of cash.
Great use of $$. Purchasing coin packages are a better use of money. More bang for the buck. Good idea.
Great value for lot's of family-friendly game play.  Easy to use and purchase right from your own kindle fire HDX.
Great way to budget for extras in games so you end up getting more for your money. Helps to keep yourself from over spending as well.
Great way to do this. Who does not like saving a little more money? And some apps offer you rewards.
Had lots of fun. I would definitely encourage everyone to play this game. It is definitely a good choice to play this game.
Have spent a lot on coins to play Frozen, must stop.  Instructions unclear.  Some upgrades do not work. It's addicting.
Have the coins is very convienant to by apps highly recommend them. So go and buy some today please. Thanks
Having a coin option is awesome! I can just buy them and know how many ive got after buying an app without wondering about how much ive spent on apps!!
Having amazon coins makes playing games so easy and fun. Plus it is easier to budget and keep track of spending
how can you go wrong with buying coins insyead of having several game,book,or other things you buy. its great.wow. buy some n try it
I always get what I ordered on or before the estimated time. Awesome fast and dependableI love shopimg here
I am appreciative of the effort the Apps creators put into their work. I use many of them when I travel and they make my Kindle much more &#34;usable&#34;. Having the &#34;Coins&#34; feature available saves time and makes the process of acquiring the App quickly a real plus for the device. I highly recommend getting some and trying them out ....you will love the ease and enjoyment they provide.
I am a prepaid type of person. Having currency designated specifically for purchases on my kindle is convenient. That way I will not accidentally overdraft any of my debit cards.
I am not the biggest fan of spending real money for fake money, but I understand I do it with pretty much any entertainment purchase I make, whether it be in a game on amazon market place or throwing $20 at dinner and a movie out on the town.  It's all for entertainment.  But It just seems excessive to charge an additional 6% for tax purposes for in-game purchases.  Amazon is that hard up for cash that it needs my extra 6 cents for every 99 cent purchase in a game?  Kinda a slap in the face.  I get it, but seems like a jerk move to not include that in a $1 purchase.  Other than that, I have no complaints.  You get what you pay for and I &#34;Accept&#34; the purchases I make.
I bought them. I like them. No problem with transaction. They are very shiny. (How do you rate coins, anyway?) The end.
I bought these for my 8 year old grandson.  He was always wanting to know how to get coins.  He did win some for the games he plays but never could get quit enough.  I am going to surprise him with these coins because he never downloads a game unless I look at it or he gets approval.  I will have to update later to see how this goes.
I buy coins for my son to purchase games, apps, and books. It's a nice feature to use on the Kindle Fire. Plus there is always a discount. They are easy to buy and easy to use for most all the things he might want..
I buy these on my Kindle Fire HDX.  I love the huge variety of apps I can buy with them.  Really come in handy.  What an awesome idea!  Highly recommended.
I can always count on my Amazon to pull me through my rough times during my candy crush; pet recur; and papa pear saga
I can use the Amazon coins instead of real money and find it easier than using real money. Love them.
I choose this rating because you get a better by for your buck, I would recommend coins to anyone. It gives you a better yr old on pricing.
I choose to use the coins bcuz it is easy and convenient. I would recommend the coins to my family and friends.
I didn't know what amazon coins were or how they were used until I read the amazon help page! Thanks for helping me save 20% on my app purchase by using my amazon coins!!
I don't fully understand the purpose of using coins, except for getting parents to buy them for their children. They don't make any difference for me.
I don't know the difference. I'm paying with real money to get the coins. Therefore, I don't understand the purpose of the coins.
I enjoy Amazon books and games. It's a very simple process to use and very enjoyable. I love my kindle fire!!
I enjoy amazon greatly and to receive 1000 coins for reviews and other uses is just another bonus.  So keep up the great work AMAZON
I enjoyed being able to continue playing a game near the end of level without having to stop and start again.
I especially like the design.  Also, the price was right.  The game is also very interesting and exciting.Oldies Girl
if I get these coins I will be very surprised nothing in life is ever free so what is the catch. What do I have to do. It is to hard to rate something I have not received yet
I find the Amazon Coins system very easy to navigate,especially if you are dealing with gift cards. I CAN purchase a certain of coins,which I CAN my whole CAN use which very well with my children almost like their virtual allowance. Which given them an awareness and understanding  of money.
If they give you coins that you can purchase music and game apps or just other apps...its alot easier and cheaper then usingyour real money to buy stuff
If you're going to make an app purchase, doesn't it make sense to save some money while doing it?Yes it does!Buying the coins for less than the cost of the app just adds up to quick savings.
I gave it five stars because usually you're not able to use coins.For instance, iTunes , you have to buy cards and just add money as to Amazon you can buy coins to help you buy music,games,apps,etc.And that is why I rated this five stars.
I got hooked on Downton Abbey after the third season. Thank God for Amazon Prime so I could watch everything in order marathon style from start to current finish.I am desperately waiting for season 4 to start. I literally feel in love with this show and this cast and the storylines. I read reviews where people complained and whatever but I love it through and through.  DA writers can do no wrong in my book, and the"drama" is reticent of real life.  I'm left dangling in the wind until a get my next DA fix....
I Got This Amazon Coin For Free Like Idk How Yay! I really can't believe that Its was free For me!
I had to purchase the coins, but they come in handy when purchasing games, books, etc. I would recommend anyone getting them for such purposes. I gave it 5 stars because I don't see anything downside of having it.
I hate buying coins.  Some times I am just tempted to keep on playing.  I get so involved in the game I don't feel like stopping.
I have had a really good expirience with my kindle HDX. It is easy to use and alot of fun the play with.
I have had great success with buying from Amazon. I have a Kindle Fire and I have purchased lots of games, books and other items. Thank you Amazon.
I just love  when you purchase something for a game you get extra coins.  It is just a wonderful incentive.
I just used my 10 yo daughter's free coins to purchase an app add on to one of her games. I think this will be a good way for me to allocate amazon gift cards to her. If I just add them to my account, then I end up using them when I order. :)
I know some people have complained about Amazon Coins, but I don't really understand the bad side of them.  I mean, yes, being surprised by tax I guess could be frustrating for a younger person, but I think adults expect it...  I think this is a good way to control my son's spending a bit on his Fire-- He is only allowed to spend coins.  If he doesn't have enough, it means he can't buy.  I'm really thankful for the system because it lets him control his spending without me going broke if he fails!
I like amazon because it hads so mush to offer ,it's easy to order from and it is easy to to paid for what you do order.they had also many many produsts tolook at and to order from. all in all I just plain like amazon. yes I would reamend amazon to all my friends and to any one else who want book ,game.movies or all of the produst you had too offer. thank you
I like Amazon Coins you can shop anywhere on Amazon or play games I like that a lot graet set up thank you
I like coins best for purchasing for game items. It's easier than using my credit card. Thanks for making them available.
I liked this product because you get more for your money and it helps a lot with extra gaming to keep totals up.
I like it because it gives you free apps and stuff like that I would consider this device to my friend gena because she loves to read
I LIKE IT ? IT IS SO EASY TO USE.  GOOD FOR GAMES & ETC.I ALWAYS USE THE COINS.
Ilike just the money also either one doesn't bother me but I guess is the new way of doing things.
I like purchasing coins in advances for grandchildren to play or upload different games with out having to money right than and the discount in paying coins in advance.
I like that I can spend the coins on my favorite games like tetris candy crush I&#34;'ll use them in the future
I like the coins because it is easy to keep track of how much you spend. Additionally you are offered further discounts as well.  No complaints so far!
I like the coins because when I play with them I feel les guilty like I'm not spending money. Lol also it is convenient,and you do get a price break  I really do love Amazon I am a life long customer.they have the best customer service of any company I have ever felt with.Susan Jennings
I like the easy steps to purchase coins and also spending them.Everyone likes saving money.  As a first time user I found the process very easy to understand and use.
I like the fact that I spent $20 and got $5 free that's a new game/book for my kindle! Awesome!
I like the idea of buying coins for my app purchases, I make out better than buying the apps with one click using money as I get more for my dollar.
I like the idea of having Amazon coins to purchase apps, games and in-app or game purchases. However I do wish I could use these coins to purchase books as well particularly books costing from .99 to 2.99.  I think this would be a great way to purchase books and games on the Kindle and to allow Kindle users to have the choice of using credit card or Amazon coins. I feel the coins offer a bit more security for in-app purchasing.
I like them its a cool little discount when you earn them or like credit when you buy them...use these coins alot
I like the option to buy coins on . Amazon. It makes it easier to buy items for my games and apps. It saves time and is safer than typing my debit card info in  every time.
I like this idea. Coins are easy to use and I like the price. I will continue to use the coins.
I like to play a lot of games o my kindle most of them have in-app purchasing I love this pack of coins because I get enough to play several games ad don't have to reload for a few days. love the ease of purchasing through my kindle and the credit of the coins is immediate
I like using Amazon coins as some of sites I don't want to support due to their inconsiderate behavior  and treatment of players.Such as removing bought items from acct.acct. Pts.bought by players should not be interfered by sites staff by removing coins fromanyonesvacct.then saying they don't see in accounts they can do what they want and I wrote down amount before because leaving as is 4th time they have taken and wanted proof so don't invest in sites or support go the Amazon to buy so they don't get money from me.plus amazon is same or cheaper and can use anytime, no problem and easy to get
I like using Amazon coins.  they make it very easy to use.  I also like that they give you a discount when purchasing coins saving you even more money!
I like using coins for my purchases. Less cost for some items. And its easy. I love the choices i get.
I loooove the 1000 coins!!!! What's not to love about the coins??? There's nothing negative I can say about these coins!!! In the longrun, they really help you save money when you're purchasing apps!!!
I love Amazon and all of their games and their coins are cool and how you can buy cool stuff with their coins.
I love Amazon coins. Exspecialy when we get good discounts on the or get free coins. Its like having money in the bank.
I love Amazon coins!! They make purchasing items so easy!! I'm going to continue using them from now on. Just purchase some and give it a try!
I love amazon coins u always get more 4 ur money love being able 2 save money on thing that my son is going 2 want anyway
I love amazon for my music, and movie shopping, and coins makes it easy for game purchases. Great idea.  Keep the coins coming.
I love Amazon, I have texted them , and talked to them, with problems, and needing info on products, and nothing but superior help with all my issues!!! AMAZON , your great!!!!
I love being able to buy coins for games! Now i don't have to nickel and dime my credit card. I purchase a lot of Kindle ebooks and wished they had a system like this for buying .99 through 12.99 priced books. Amazon please take note!
I love being able to go to Amazon to buy an app or extension for my app and not having to use my bank account. I would love it more if friends and family would give me coins for gifts. Hint, Hint!
I loved getting the free Amazon Coins to try out recently. I'm not very tech savvy (just ask my kids), but it was easy to use these with my Kindle Fire and so much fun. I immediately purchased more once my free stash was depleted! Purchasing more coins was easy, too (maybe too easy!). And maybe I'm weird, but it was even fun to watch my total coins go down at the bottom corner of the page as soon as I purchased an app.! Kind of like a slot machine! The coins are a great idea as gifts as well. We're going to buy our daughter a Kindle Fire for her birthday in August (so I can get mine back again) and Amazon Coins will be a fun, additional gift to go along with it!
I love getting free coins
I love getting games I love and getting games boost and upgrades with the Amazon Coins. I save money and it's a controlled amount - keeps me entertained but within my budget.Everyone should try the coins option out especially if they are into app games and online streaming.
I love having Amazon coins to buy at a cheaper cost before I play my games.  It allows me to buy the crystals, food, and other items to advance while playing. Then buying the coins ahead, I can keep playing without stopping to think of spending more money.  The game items cost more to purchase  and under pressure I buy what I need to keep going, amounting to way too much money!  Be organized,  buy the coins ahead!
I LOVE HAVING THE AMAZON COINS AVAILABLE, IT'S LIKE HAVING A SAVINGS FOR MY KINDLE PURCHASES WHEN I NEED THEM
I love how easy it is to use on apps. I also like the price. It keeps you going the your game you are playing.
I love how super easy it is to access my coins and the great bargain I get for my money!!
I love how u can save money doing this! It's so cool. I love the option of coins to pay
I love it, This was great I enjoy playing and reading... The coins are great to keep on playing..Fun Fun
I LOVE MONIES that's why I bought these coins, so I can throw monies at a game I play.  It's fun
I love monopoly slots, amazon is as easy as fb using Amazon coins, combines bingo, scratch cards and many more challenges
I love playing the games.  They are very entertaining.  They are also both educational and entertaining for my young grandchildren
I love purchasing these coins because you don't feel like your spending cash each time you need them.  Its does not make you feel guilty for spending on games.
I love spending these  to buy Amazon Kindle books and games. It is like getting a bonus to spend. Yahoo!
I love that I can buy these so my child can &#34;buy&#34; things on his kindle, but can't use them to buy other things...
I love that I can get bonus coins to used on more Amazon coins! Go Amazon GO GO keep it come.
I love that you can buy coins ahead of time and have them ready when a new app is available. I particularly love that a little discount is built into the purchase plan.
I love the brains behind the cash for coins . STOP and read the 1-3 star reviews. Forget the 4-5 star reviews as most replies are linked to persons involved in the sales of...Yep, COINS.Hurry and jump on board all. Buy stock if you can. Invest in this and make sure that by next year pull out and run.Ill post the web site for a class action Law suit as soon as its is up and running. Sorry  Mr. Kindle and Mrs. Amazon. You will pay back four this scam on consumers.....For more info on future lawsuits..(s  p  y  a  n  t  o  s)  at y  a  h  o  o  c  C0  m and tell your story. This will be record for lawsuits so be specific on dates and events. keep all emails you send to Amazon. I'll email you back.
I love the coin it work easy and better for you for I don't have money I got the coins
I love the coins. I don't need to worry about my debit card being charged. Puts my mind at ease.
I @!#$ love the coinsIt the like Microsoft points if that still had them but I  do not want it to be money
I love the coins!  I use them especially when I get stuck on a game.  Lessens the stress level.  Fantastic!
I love the idea of being able to buy just the coins, I can use them on any game. thanks
I love them for doing my puzzles for 75 years sometimes it helps to get a few hints. thanks you shou d give more of them
I love the sims free play on my kindle. This game is additive and keeps you occupied for hours. I am always in a rush to get hone to play this game!!!!
I love this BC u don't have to worry about inputting your card every time. It is the best thing ever.
I love this game it is a lot of fun.  Things that I do not like is getting collections items, you spend all your coins and still do not get a collection item.  It is a different way to play BINGO! I don't think kids would like this game.  It has some gambling to the game.
I love this option as a form of payment. I am definitely one to keep purchasing from apps without monitoring my spending and buying coins not only saves you money but also tracks spending. First you purchase the amount you want or allowed to spend and you never go over that amount unless you purchase more coins. Definitely great for me.
I love using coins because every time I do I get coins back!  I bought 1000 and have used them to buy about 6$ worth of apps and still have 818!
I'm glad I got these because I saved a dollar for $10 of Amazon coins, so I only paid $9 for $10!!!! AWESOME!
I'm new to Kindle but this is a terrific way to pay for downloads.This is a very good system./
In general it's a safer way to do app purchases.  My personal information is in one place and not on every app, making my information less vulnerable.
instead of buying with real money in game, this is the best way because you get a % back for every purchase. Im so glad I found these coins!!
Instead of paying $100 you pay $80 and it $20 dollars off  so helpful and useful I love it Its fantastic!
In this day and age, saving a little coin(no pun intended) is the way to go. My son loves his kindle and is constantly wanting to buy in game items. Buying coins saves me .50 cents here and there and it helps me kep track of purchases. It is a sensible approach to in app or game purchases that is cost effective. It also helps my 7 year old son keep track of his finances for in game purchases as he only gets his 1000 coins a month for good behavior and good grades. At $9.50 it is the only bargain you have when in comes to the crazinesses of the in game or app purchases.
I personally think this is a great idea for shopping in the Kindle store. You can coins at a discount for shopping.  the Kindle app store is not large at the moment, but like anything else, that will change in time.
I play a lot of freedom games so nuff said. Coin coined coins coining Apple maple leaf sports car is a good day.
I prefer to use the coins it's fun !... And when I buy a game still have enough for a couple of more!
I purchase coins to play games! sometimes its a little hard to play and win ! Need those points ! Great!!
I purchase coins with Amazon gift cards I get for Christmas, Birthday, etc. They are easy to redeem and then I use them to purchase whatever I would like. I usually use them on games for myself or for my granddaughter.
I purchased 1000 coins and can,t seem to find them ( help ) please.I will love to use them, THANKS
I purchased A group of these to Support BUYING into certain levels and options for some of the APP Games only to waste them because some of the APs were Buggy, but Amazon was Great and Customer Service Helped with Credits to makeFull again.
I purchased amazon coins for a relative and they were immediately available to claim and use.  I would recommend purchasing Amazon coins to anyone who has considered doing so.  The process was so quick and easy.  I am certain that I will take advantage of purchasing Amazon coins again.
I purchase the Amazon Coins because it is easier to tract one larger payment then a bunch of smaller payments!  Great idea!  What a bargain!
I really enjoy seeing my friends and family playing your games.They are fun, competitive and they even with your memory. So thank you so much fir making them.
I really like that Amazon offers this option to buy 1000 coins. It's a better deal than buying 450 at $9.99 and makes it easier to use in the game. thanks
I really like the fact u can use coins to purchase items, its easy to use and make purchases quicker. You don't have to worry about always using your card to pay.
I really like this because I love the kindle it is so cool to me love love love it having fun with it
I really love the use of Amazon coins, not only does it save you money, I also love that i can buy coins on payday and have them later in the week if a game comes up u want!
I save money by buying coins. It does add up. I would rather help amazon then the apps themselves. :-).
It allows my daughter to make game purchases offline  without applying everything on my card.. Get some coins have fun
It does save me money, but they go so fast. I would recommend using the coins other than making separate purchases.
I think amazon coins are a very good deal. Thank youI enjoy playing bingo with my coins. Thank you
I think is very generous of a company to be so generous to its customers. This allows people to make simple purchases without having to use credit card information. Again, a nice gesture.
I think it's a great value. Very happy no problems. Bought for in game items worked out very nicely. Easy.
I think it's great, it's like having money on the books when you don't have any. I just love it.
I think that a symbol like this shoes Value to the customer. I would love to have something like this indicating how Amazon Values my business.
I think they are great at prices and I tell all my friends .Amazon has responded very quickly on everything!
I think this is great for people who own a tablet and want to transfer &#34;funds&#34; to that tablet.  It does not work like a gift certificate, which I learned too late, but AMAZON as always was very prompt to refund my purchase so I could buy a gift certificate that I sent via email.  AMAZON still does things right!!!  I don't know what other retailers do not get about doing business this way - that is why AMAZON continues to grow while other retailers like Wal-Mart sit around and whine about their sales figures.  The way AMAZON does business is why I am an AMZON fan and a loyal, repeat customer.
I think this method of payment is really awesome. I like having a credit account for all my game purchases. Thanks to Amazon for making my life just that much easier!
It is a cool way to buy apps and you save some money. I will definitely use it again in the future.
It is easier to buy the coins (though I wish you got more for you buck) than to have to constantly have to pay (esp. with a CC) for the individual items. I can buy coins and use them on everything in Amazon....  Maybe someday, Amazon with run a 2 for 1 special on these coins...
I try to buy coins for any game or app I can.  You pay less for coins and it counts and they can be used as currency to buy your apps or in game items.  A ten dollar item costs you $9.50.  Every cent counts these days.  I have a kindle and if there is a game I play online with Facebook, on my phone, and my kindle I will get the coins to save.
It's a good idea for every bodyIt's good for kids it's got every thing on it and u can call people text peopleMartenlorenzo@Yahoo.com
Its a great deal! Bought it to unlock content for games for my daughter on my kindle. I highly recommend it.
its a great way to get apps without using your info again and again. its quick and easy ....love it
It's a quick, easy way to purchase for the apps I have. Easy to keep off by going to Amazon.com. Great for the small purchases.
It's cheaper and so much more convenient to use Amazon app coins in your games.I have not had any problems and all the games on my kindle take them.much easier than individual purchases every time.
its coins and helps with what im trying to purchase so its great and theres really nothing to say but you have to write 18 words so im doing that.
It's coins what can you really say about it It's a lot more fun then actually putting money into to...plus you seem to get more out of these
its convienent and easy to use. its my #1 place to buy games. i recommend to all my friends. great apps
Its great and would tell all my friends,but the Tetris game has big problems please fix that game I love it
It's just nice to know that when I need more Amazon coins, it's right there and it's very easy to purchase.
Its much cheaper than buying with money. And I think they should have this for all androids. I love coins they make shopping more fun
It's nice to get rewards when you purchase items. It allows you to replace purchases without having to use your credit card.
It's terrific not having to purchase every time you need coins. Much more convenient. The no step process is just too easy.
it's the safest way for me to buy coin to purchase app through amazon store!!! love this and will continue to do it
It was very easy to purchase these coins and they were added to my account in less than 2 min.
It works well for me. I don't choose to by a game until I know for certain I will like it. I am 'stingy' about buying in-app items.
I use amazon coins when I play some games.  It's cheaper to use coins when you purchase more time and other things on the game
I use Amazon for many of my shopping and I love the way it is so much easier than alot of the other sites that are similar.
I very nice way to have coins on hand to open up levels in games that I do like to play as I generally start out with free games. A good value for the cost.
I was delighted to get these as I buy a lot of apps for my gradchildren. Free versions don't work keeping them engaged. Buying the full app with free coins helps on a limited budget!
I was not done playing a game so I finally broke down as was going to buy more credits. When I clicked on to buy it gave me an offer I could not refuse.How convenient. I didn't even have to quit or get out of my game. After I purchased the coins it took me right back to where I was. I'll be back!!!
I would definitely recommend Amazon to all my family and friends. I have been very satisfied with my purchases and I will continue to Order from Amazon.
I would like to recommend this product to my friends & family,they needed it with all the games they play.
I would recommend this fun game for any child. It was fun and we played this together. Will play other games like this.
I would tell everyone to use coins. Safe and easy. I only make one purchase to play all my games.
Just simply a great idea. You can use them for almost anything you could possibly want.  just a  more convenient way to shop
keeps me in the game. great pastime. find this to be one of the best stress relievers for PTSD!! Love to play these games.
Kind of new to the cyber monetary system.  Discovered I had &#34;coins&#34; available for a learning app I needed for a class.  Surprise!  The app was free.  It was a mystery how I earned them but I can assume it has something to do with my Amazon purchases.  That would be the only complaint that I have, the fact that I can't locate the info on how they are earned.  It didn't stop me from buying some of the &#34;coins&#34; to keep stashed for my app purchases.  I also like the fact that they don't EXPIRE!  I hate it when that happens!  Great Idea!
Like for its ease of use.  Will keep on using it.  Love, Love Candy Crush....am addicted.  I play every single day. - S. Clark
Like more apps make me fun, before pay app. But looking best for play or race. Enjoy Anytime for play.
Love amazon love everything they offer and more.. Love alkyl there baby stuff and jewel.. tell all my friend about them
Love Amazon very easy to Purchase items without any hassles.The site has have most everything the stores have at very fair prices!
Loved having the coins to purchase games. I can purchase as much as I want or need. The When my son wants to purchase a game is not coming off my credit card.
Love getting coins.it helps give you would you really need to play the game . And it helps you move on.
Love it! Coins can in almost immediately with our delay and can be use. I'm so glad I learn about Amazon coins.
love it very easy to use, setup for quick service and gives you a choice of using your account or getting more coins slick move, but coins are on a discount no. matter how small
Love that I can add more lives when I feel like playing more, great feature to have with my Amazon Kindle
Love the coins i use them for my simpson game....i can save some or use some at times. So love this idea :)
Love the coins.  Just wish it was easier to find how to purchase on the kindle site.  The coins prevent contact 1.00 charges on my credit card
Love the coins. Just wish they were a little cheaper. They really come in handy for my games and for getting movies and shows.
Love the coins much better that using real money and much easier also. Appears that the coins last longer than real money
Love the Coin's on Amazon, they are so easly accessed to get stuff on Amazon. The 1 touch option is so fast. Love it
Love the discount ! Compared to one click option save like 10% on pa packages compared to just buying item.
Love the idea of being able to purchase coins.  This was a Christmas gift for my grandson this year and he absolutely loved it.  He likes the idea of being able to pick the items himself.
Love the idea of having coins available to purchase lives, etc for my kindle games.  It is a convenience that is appreciated when I see a chance to increase game lives and purchase small items.
Love the new currency system. It's a bit of a discount over spending outright for the same products. Thanks Amazon!
Love these ! Use them to get apps. Like to see them add up. Must work harder to get more.
Love to play games on my kindle and amazon has great service, its easy to buy, and they always have what i m looking for
Love using coins, for games. Easy refilling, one click. Can use them when purchasing new apps, or games. I love the convenience.
Love using it it's awesomeAlways easy and simple. Makes it simple to understand and doesn't take too much of my time
Major help on purchasing glu credits. When I need purchasing power, it's there when I need it. Don't leave home without it.
Makes it cheaper to buy things online! Like music, games, apps, stuff in games and apps, it just is cheaper!
Makes it easy to buy the coins in advance of planning the games so you don't waste time.  Will buy again, easy.
Makes things alot easier for me. One click, they do everything right there. And then just download, and go. I like it.
More bang for your bucks. Yes, l was glad to pay for an app using Amazon coins.  I know that you will enjoy purchasing  more apps through this system. Happy Camper!!!
More pleasure with the coins..discount is great  and such great chices to pick from,,,will continue to play and pay..again  and again
Much better look and quality than expected for the price. It was taller than expected but that was easily fixed with a hand saw. Connecting parts make for easy storage.
Much cheaper and easier to buy coins for apps than to make in app purchases. Much better experience. Love it!!
my experience has always top notch and recommmened this to everyone who enjoys playing the games that are available anytime
My grand daughter loves this game!! I've purchased several games for her on Amazon and this one is by far her favorite.
My husband installed this product on my Kindle Fire and it's been very easy to use. I love being able to make outlines or write on my Kindle when I'm in a meeting or class setting because of its small size.
My kids like to buy apps.  I like to make them happy.  I buy them coins, so they can buy apps and be happy.  It works for me.  Try it for yourself, you and your family might like it as well.
Need the extra to figure out the levels. Wish they weren't so expensive. Very easy to obtain.  They do go fast!
Nice and easy transaction. Also very easy to use coins to buy and use for your games. Once purchased just touch a button.
No problems. Fast and easy. Went right through and was able to play my game with out losing my place
Of course I would take anything given to me for my games and books. I love my kindle!!!!!  It has so much more to give in apps.
OMG Amazon cash is good I use it To buy everything From movies videos books Mp3 download accessories for my Kindle HD It even works for upgrades on the games that I've downloaded from Amazon In short can't go wrong with free money
On my bill from my credit card  I got charged twice for the same coins .Only ordered 1 set of 1000 coins.Can you help me find out what is going on.
Purchasing on Amazon is easy and I have found everything I every was looking to buy at the best price.
Purchasing the Coin Package was a simple and easy process. I will definitely use again in the future, and recommend for others who like the games that utilize this payment method.
Quick and easy way to gift a new Kindle owner with coins.Love this featureIntend to use this option again.
Really cool and helpful so you are not always spending your money on games or extras, you can spend your coins!!!
Really good system with occasional special offers that allow you to get free apps and coins. I want more of these offers
Really Great.  Coins are more convenient than dollars.  You get more bang for your buck. I really love the site.
Really helps better than buying th game out right because you then have extra coins to buy stuff in game.
Really like this product.  Almost like getting blue chip stamps toward a purchase.  I actually saved $5.00 on a recent purchase.
Saves me money with every purchase. Since I know I will spend a lot, I will eventually save a lot on app purchases.
Saves you money and you can use these and know how many you use and how many you have left on your Kindle.
Save you $$$ if you purchase in-game items and currencies. Amazon App store is a good place for android games... plus it gives out paid apps! I love it... simply love it!
Shopping on Amazon is extremely easy and convenient; you can find almost anything you could possibly need on one website.  The best thing is you can do all of this from the comfort of your own home.
Since I like to get a few extra helpers when I play various games on my Kindle Fire, it's good to have the coins to use for in-app purchase.  I like it that I got several free Amazon coins with the 1000 coins I bought.
so much easier to just hit one click rather than consistently entering info every time you want to make a purchase
Thanks so much for getting me started!  I definitely put the free coins to good use.  You'll get a good return on your gift. :)
Thank you for this offer. It will be handy in the future when I can use them to purchase items for my Kindle Fire HD
The best way to keep up with how much you are spending on a certain game, and handy because it does not come out of your credit card or account when you want to do something.  A Really nice way I think and so convenient.  Glad they have this option available! Will use this instead of the 1 click! Happy gaming.
The coins are great but I need to understand how to play this great game all the to the end. I guess I'm just flustered.
The coins are great when u get them free and they work as cash for app or in-game app purchases
The coins are great.  You don't feel like your spending cash when you use the coins. I prefer seeing coins come up instead of .99 cents.
The coins went through smoothly, and is great for making in-app purchases.  I highly recommend getting these if your app is supported by the Amazon App Store
The coin system is cool, safes me some loot. But I do wish I could give them to my daughter on a different account.  The save you time and I like the security of knowing it's thru Amazon
The developer didn't credit MY 15,000 coins $3.99 for that's why I purchased the coins and bought it that way please help
The fact that you can prepuchase CPU s to use against app purchases is an amazing concept!This enables you to purchase apps without all the 99 cent charges in your CC.I love it!
The process to go about purchasing the amazon coins was actually a smooth, flawless transaction! Amazon provides a secure platform for consumers over the net. The coins can be used over a variety of games in the app store which is great for game fanatics like me !
The reason why I LOVE IT is because I get something from the APP STORE! YOU SOULD GET IT, ITS AWESOME!
These coins are a fast and fun way to purchase items, and gift coins to a family member. The 1 to 100 denomination also seems fair.All in all, Great Idea amazon!N. Ridley
These coins are great for games to get you ahead of speed up times.. You can use them to purchase gems or diamonds in the games which lead to speed boosts or recruiting better bosses.. Love them :)
These coins are wonderful and you are able to use them the same as cash.  Like Christmas all over again.  They can repeat this plan as often as they want.
These save time and money when you are playing games that require coins to renew your life. It is so easy to purchase them as well as win them.
They are pretty good when you have a couple of games you like to play or even if you want to just buy a game
they are very helpful with everything that i needed. never gave me a hard time. always found what i needed with no issues.
They gave me quick assess to continue the game so I could move on to next challenge without starting the game again.
They have good things and it is a safe and secure site. Lots of things to choose from and purchase
things works just right. Great..Using amazon has been a wonderful time... I think of Amazon when I want something  you know shopping or else...
Think it's a way to get a bit of a discount on apps. Apps usually are at a good price anyway.
This as so easy to do after we fgured out how. You can put the coins on your devices and then your children can spent what they want when they want to.
This is a 5 star. I purchase the 1000 coins way too much. But I like to read and play games.
This is a great deal. I like using them. When I purchase stuff on Facebook while on my kindle. The money or coins come from Amazon.com and that way I don't have to put a credit card in on my Facebook account.
This is a great feature for setting a budget.  It makes it easy to purchase &#34;extras&#34; during game and not worry about charging up the credit card :)
This is a great way to make purchases, real simple and easy! Hassle free and the kids really enjoying using them to purchase apps.
This is a great way to save some money!!!  You can purchase you apps and more using this system and at the same time save some MULA when buying coins and then paying for your items.  Go ahead, give a try...nothing to loose.  Except some savings.
This is a wonderful way to buy within apps like Bingo (which I love to do)Especially when watching tv in the evening with hubby. It's convenientRather than charge your cc each time.  Thank you Amazon
This is bad ass how there giving a 1000 coins away for free i do like it a lot give it five stars and get your coins !!! :)
this is best way to buy in app items on my kindle. the discount lets me get more for my money
This is great, more coins for less money than the in-game option. I will be buying all my coins this way from now on.
This is just a really convenient method of purchasing app content without all the individual app charges on your credit card.
This is so useful if you don't have the money to spend on something you really want but you have the coins.
This is such an addictive game. I play it everyday can't wait to get home from work so I can play. I hope you try it.
This is the best way to purchase items if you are into gaming. A 5% savings works for me. Thanks Amazon
This is the bomb. ComThe best deal ever will be glad to do this again waiting on it to come back
This item is great easy to use and spend love using them in the middle of playing my games much easier than using money
This things ok. I wish they were free though. I dont understand this review thing. But I'll do it anyway.
This was fun to see on my kindle I had coins to spend.  You don't forget you have some money to spend that way.
This was ok ... Now when I want to buy something already have coins so can just buy item on my kindle love it
This worked out just fine. I had no problems at all. The transaction was easy. I am sure I will purchase more in the future.
This would be cool if I knew how to use it. This would be way cool if I knew how to use it
Three coins are very important if you play some of the games online. I play the contract killer 2 game allot and the are a must to advance sometimes.plus you get allot better weapons....  :-)
Took me over the top in Candy Crush Saga when I needed to bypass 200000 in one level.  Nice option.
To save a little money. Works for both parties. Was only going to spend 3 dollars and you got me to spend nine. I save money and you get me to spend more. Clever.
to  use....I order stuff with it all the time on my kindle fire tablet...will buy another one...to tke out and travel with
Unless you are that baby from the credit card commercials. In which case you would eat the coins and spit them back out at the people that handed them to you.
Used coins to get further in Candy crush. Also used coins to get great cooking apps. Food network is my favorite!
Using Amazon coins will save you some money and it's a nice way to give your kids an allowance towards what they want. I highly recommend using coins instead of straight cash.
Very convenient way to pay for apps and also a good teaching tool that I use for my son thank you
Very cool of you. It got me to try apps I never would have otherwise! Thank you very much! ^_^
Very easy for me to slide thur the apps and fond what I am looking for. Has options for me even when I miss spell a word several we appear for me. Very happy and pleased to have an amazon account, trust worthy site. Thank you Amazon keep it clear
very easy to purchase coins.the discount was great.I'll will purchase againAmazon makes game playing easythank uou
Very easy to use and handle for when my kids want to purchase apps! Will defiantly be buying more soon!
Very easy to use, I have using the product . Thank you for doing this for me. Easy and simple
very fun game to play! cant wait to get back on and play it. would tell anyone to play it
Very helpful when low on cash and have extra coins for games... used coins quite  often in game purchase as well
Was a very good price. Between my granddaughters and myself we order a lot from Amazon, so using the coins is a blessing.
Well, how do you review this???I bought these, I spent them. I like what I bought with them so therefore, I guess these are as well....good.  :)
What a great way to purchase items for my Kindle Fire HD!!  I find it so convenient to buy coins instead of charging every little purchase.  This is a great idea and you save money also.
What can I say about,. Getting more free coins to.play with and you don't have to even start out much.
What can I say. it's 1000 Kindle Coins. Makes a great gift and so easy to do it too, The coins are able to be used on so much. and are a thing you would not commonly buy for yourself. so if you know a person with a kindle you might think about this the next time you need a gift idea.
What can you say about coins? They are a good buy and very easy to use. I try to keep at least a couple of thousand for those MARATHON days.
When needing in app purchases, it always comes out cheaper to buy amazon coins and purchase with those. Loved the 1000 amazon coin deal!!! It's helped me a lot in my game that I play (mystery manor (on my amazon kindle fire HS) I also play on my iPhone through iTunes app and it's a LOT more expensive. Love me some amazon coins!THANKS AMAZON! Keep the good deals coming. Cheaper is ALWAYS better.
When the purchase for the coins is successful, it is very handy to have the coins to use while shopping for various products offered in different areas, be it games or books or whatever you're wanting.
When you purchase Amazon coins, your money stretches further than simply buying a product outright. You get a  discount from purchasing the coins, then you can also get discount on the product you are buying. Which saves you twice what you would have been spending before. Overall I like the idea of the coins from the site.
Why wouldn't u give this a 5 star rating?? The things this could help me with in my games I couldn't imagine..... New car in rracing game or new gun in hunting game.
With coins  is very easy to adquire apps and books in my kindleGreat idea to help the cuatomer, thank you
Wonderful to deal with always with in reach amazon should let the games become free of charge on the kindle
Works but if 1 click isnt enabled u may have a problem legend is #1kindle server rocks oh yeah
Works great for me.  I use them to purchase games for my Kindle and get a discount.  Makes it easy to purchase while I am on the go.
Works really well with brave frontier!Esp. When they give back bonus coins after purchase. 2300 coins became 60+ gems.
Would probably love them more if I could figure out how to use them in my games and with my kindle.
You can't go wrong with a discount.  I enjoy the savings that come with the coin purchases. I have more money to use for other apps.
You get a good discount on purchasing Amazon coins they can be used for all apps and things great deal
You get more coins for your dollar so you can get more books or games!!Amazon is great for thinking up the coin idea.
1000 coinsits a good way to get what you need to continue playing the games we want to play
found it so easy to purchase quick and at my fingertips.Found it to be a good value for me dont have to quit and wait for lives
Got my book fast and it was in great shape!  Will definitely order more very soon this is a great way to order all my school books!!
Hey-- everyone loves a bargain, right?  Well here's one for video gaming and apps.  When I saw the price of an update for an app, I was happy to see I could get the discount through purchasing Amazon coins.
I like AmazonBecause everyone is very helpful and gets to the point.Yes I would recommend Amazon to my friends ans my family
I like playing games and the prices are really low but there a few games that need to be placed on the list to play. And when I call with a question I get great customer service.
I like that amazon has items that stores do carry because they are too specialized or there is not enough variety found.
I like using the coins because it saves a lil bit of money when you purchase a quantity and who doesn't like to save money?!?
I love, love my amazon games, but have run into a snag.  I bought additional coins but when I try to purchase it tells me there is an error and I get nothing.  Must be a little glitch somewhere.  Help.
I really like to play level games on computer & kindlefire.  All levels are attainable (they say) but sometimes I choose to purchase helpers from $1.00 to $10.00 to go through some levels of achievement that are difficult for me.  I dont play many of these 'free' games because I want to keep them 'free'.  But there are a couple that I really like.  To make a long story not as long.  I was spending too much money on these 'helpers' and decided to purchase the coins (1000 at a time for $9.80) and use it as my 'Game Bank'.  I designate the purchased  coins for a month's worth of play.  First you save a little money using the coins and second if it runs out before your designated scheduled date.  You wont automatically buy more helpers.  It's a discipline thing.  And I am more cautious using the 'bank' so it doesnt run out when I really want the help.  As with any activity/game that costs money -  the objective is to keep them in the game category and not spend the grocery money on them.  (My disclaimer:  the quoted numbers in this statement will vary according to each game).  Play wisely and have fun.
ITS GREAT HOW EASY IT IS TO ADD COINS AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT IS ALWAYS RIGHT THERE IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG :) Thanks for making kindle so User Friendly
Love amazon. I would write a long thing about it but all it really is is a quick way to get all the books and apps I need and LOVE
Love being able to have it at my fingertips; keeps me from having to look up the information every time.
Love this game the animals are so cute, great animation. This game takes patience and some strategy and takes you on fun adventures rescueing your animals and finding treasures. I recomend this game to all ages for unending fun.I would like it to be interactive with other friends that play like Candy Crush we could help each other by sending coins or crystals.A Hartt
No problem m s with saving....all good...have used before  results are always the same...Good...so give it a try ...you'll have no regrets
These coins come in very handy, in my case when I am out of lives while playing candy crush saga I just top up by using the coins instead of my credit card.Thanks Amazon you made it much easier for other players myself included.
this one purchase made it easy for me to  select games and books i want. snf it sll on onr invoice. love it.
This toys works great my son loves it.I would definitely recommend  it.It's durable and more fun to play wit.
Unlike ebay Amazon is the best way to buy and sell your items i love the service they provide. So all you ebay users stop wasting your time and switch to AMAZON!!!!
Hay this is a no brainer if you understand how it works. Some will say its a rip or a sucker deal. All I know is I make a lot of purchases over 100 easy so if I convert some of the money I would have spent into these I can use these and my money goes further.  nuf said
I like the use of amazon coins.  They are easy to use and doesn't cost that much money but allow you to purchase great apps. I am very satisfied with my purchases.
I LIKE TO BUY THE AMAZON COINS IT SAVES MY BANK ACCOUNT FROM BEING CHARGED OVER AND OVER AGAINI LIKE THE AMOUNT YOU CAN BUY FOR NINE DOLLARS AND STILL PLAY THE GAME WITH OUT GETING MORE CHARGESON YOUR ACCOUNTYES I HAVE TOLD FRIENDS ABOUT THE COINS TO BUY FOR GAMES TO PLAY
its an easy way to allocate money ..its fast and it makes spending and buying books on my kindle really easy
Love amazon and the kindle fire hd. Needs more apps but overall excellent. Internet speed is fast and the visual graphics are outstanding
Purchases are always quick and processed with ease always secure and never any hassles i love it no complaints here
To me it made more sense because of all the extra coins you get, the kids like getting new games and all the fun ones aren't free so yea
Wish I could trade it to others but it's nice it'd like getting a discount at online games. Simple and true
Why Not? It is good for the game players. And gives incentives for more player fun. Keep up the good work.
I like that you get buy back bonus coins when you purchase things :)
I was surprised when I went to make a purchase and had coins that I could use instead of cash. this helps me out a lot when I may need to make a purchase for a game or see a book I want to get. Way to go Amazon!!!
Love the ease of having Amazon coins to spend as wanted. I was given a gift card, and was pleasantly surprised how easily it all works.
Amazon has offered a great program that will be useful for many people.  Do you like to budget?  Then Amazon coins could be for you.  Buy your selected amount and then use them for the month.  When they are gone then you can't get that game you wanted.  I for one am terrible about nickle and dime'ing myself to death with little pictures from Amazon.  This will better help me keep track of us how much I plan to spend.Another good feature of this is for parents that wish to let their children "buy" things.  Give them so many coins and let them buy whatever games they want, but they have to realize when the coins are gone that is it!Great new features and I for one am eager to see how it goes.
This series is an excellent follow up to the Avatar franchise.In it's own right, it expands on the universe.
Wish google play had something like these coins and give a little return in coins when spent. Best idea I've seen in a while.
This is soooo awesome!!
Good app. My lil one likes it. First time Amazon user. Get it is the app to have. Cant go wrong with Amazon.
Amazon coinss are so easy to get and use. I have never had a problem with them.  I am very Satisfied!!!!
Love it that you can get more for your money. Unless you only want one app on your kindle,why not save 50cents and buy coins.
It is what it is lol
This is good for buying lots of things for games if you dont want to use more money on games
It is half of the 10k coins, but it's still alot... Cant imagine how much IAPs i can buy with these coins  :D And games, if there were the popular games from both google play and the apple app store. But i still love these 5k coins, cuz i feel like i can buy out the whole amazon app store ;)
I like to by nut for ice age on my kindle and it cheeper to use your coin, Then paying money for the nuts.I get more using you coin. I Spend less money and get more.  Barb
Great deal and bang for your bucks!I wish other companies would follow Amazon in their way of giving some back to their customers
If you save money using Amazon coins how can it be anything but a GREAT idea?  Just another customer-centric Amazon idea!
excellent game. enjoy games and products. excellent and exciting. would suggest game to others. friends would enjoy progress. only limitations are getting stars so slow and have to purchase stars to progress on the game.
Love the coins! Combined with my prime membership, the kindle HD, kindle free, and 2 young grandsons it supplies us all with tons of education, music, movies, apps & games! Although they both have iPods the 1st thing they ask for is the kindle! Thank you Amazon!
I like it but don't understand the ones where it says purchase this app and earn 250coins, and they have free apps under this because when you download it you don't get the coins?
What can I say? 1000 coins is 1000 coins. Too bad Google doesn't have a deal like this. You actually save 10 % by  purchasing 1000 coins.
Good
These are awesome
save money it is a good way to save on apps or music or whatever you should do it .
It got the job done. For 8% cheaper. It was a nice touch to put an Amazon warrior on the amazon coin.
I like this because you can get games faster. It's quick and easy to download your games with the coins
Thanks, was able yo use for apps to keep the kids busy,,, i prefer apps because the kids don't have a cartridge to loose
I absolutely Love this coin Idea, My wife likes to play all those stupid free slot machine games ( you know the ones that suck all the limited free coins they give you with in the first 5 minutes in hopes you will buy more, I myself would just delete the app and then reload it, but what do I know)Any way I stared to by things off Amazon just so I could get more coins for the wife so she doesn't spend REAL $$$$$ on those stupid slot machine aps.If Amazon would give away more coins I would do more of my shopping on Amazon.
The coins are very easy to use much faster than other form of payment.  I also have an iPad and find purchases on my kindle much faster and way simpler
i chose 5 stars because its what i wanted it is as simple as that no more needs to be said thanks amazon.
I'm very amazed and satisfied
Once I learned how it woredt iliked i
Coins are great, saves you $ and helps you budget, but recently Amazon sent me an email about they were giving me 2500,free coins, they said they were credited to my account, but I never saw them, how do I redeem these, anybody??
Now I don't have to worry about what my children download on the kindle or what I download on to it!
I paid $40 for 5000 coins, which means I got a 20% discount on stuff I would have bought anyway.  Of course, I would have thought more about it before paying &#34;real&#34; money, so Amazon and the app developers are probably making more $$ on me than I would normally spend.  So this is kind of win-win.  They get more $$ from me, and I get more stuff for my $$.I like this idea.  I also like that you can now gift coins.
5000 amazon coins allows me to save a good amount of money while purchasing apps and in-game content. It it great!
Easy to use and gives great benefits for app purchases. Not to mention discounts and countless promotions available to get more coins. Definitely the way to go for app purchasing
Amazon Coins are one of the best ideas that I have come across so far. May seem to some as a lure to make you spend more money but I have no trouble biting. If only coins are offered when Kindle books are purchased.  Come on Amazon executives, throw us a bone!!
The coin system works amazingly well never had a problem and it always seems to work in my favor awesome
Always a good thing to have
awesome cliff-hanger
Better than paying full price for App's or games.  Every little bit helps.  The discounts get better if you buy more coins.
I purchase coins for kindle games, saves money, unless gems are on sale, but they are great for budgeting for games on kindle, once I run out, I wait until the next month to purchase more.
Amazon coins are such a simple, easy idea I'm excited for the future of it. Plus with the money you save it's a no brainer. Load the kindle with coins and not have to worry about charging your credit card later!
Amazing obviously. So many more coins for my brave frontier gem addiction. Rare summons all day long heck yeah baby.
I prefer making purchases this way. Helps control spending plus gives a bonus. I also received as a gift and loved this idea
I love the coin concept. It keeps all of  those tiny little individual charges for movie rental, books and games from showing up on your credit card. It is also shared across all accounts, meaning that you can order and pay for movies on the television, the teenagers can order and read books on their kindle, all while the kids order and play games on their device.  All my devices are linked to one account, so we can share the coins. It also helps with the budget.
Great Customer Service..always helpful in purchases and game information.I love all the books I can purchase for my Kindle and easy access to anything I want to purchase. Love the App a keeper... 5 Stars.
I have gotten so hooked on her books.  I just wish I had a complete list of Debbie's books so I can read all of them.  I can't wait to finish one and go to the next.  Great writer!!! Great story teller!!!
The coins make it a little cheaper to buy games and in-game items.  You get 10,000 for $90.  That's much better in my book!
My daughter and I both have the Kindle HD and the coins are a great way for us to stay on a budget. At the beginning of the month we each buy our coins for the month. We use them as we want and when they are gone we have to wait until next month for more. It also has had a side benefit of teaching my daughter what a budget is and how to spend and save!
I like the fact that everything is at my fingertips.  no hassle. We have had hours of fun playing family games. Buying used books for school has been a big plus and delivery is right on time.
Buying a quantity of coins at a cost you know beforehand is much better than being surprised by additional costs for Kindle games and books.  Amazon has come up with a plan to help parents and grandparents limit what children can add, and has made the way affordable. At first i was afraid to get the coins, but since I have seen how useful this program is, I do recommend it.
The coins make it easier and ultimately cheaper to buy things.  You can buy anything from books to tokens in your games! Awesome.  One thing. Try offering free tokens every once in awhile.
I like that I get more coins buying them through Amazon opposed to buying coins straight from games. 10%off price is better than paying full price.
I love being able to use Amazon Coins to buy extra's in many games. So easy to use. I did have a problem once where I was charged but did not receive the purchase and as always, all it took was a phone call to Amazon and the problem was solved instantly. Amazon's customer service is awesome. And I love the discount Amazon gives on coin purchases. So easy, so Amazon.
I've been using Amazon coins and I get extra credit for my purchases .I've been able to use the coins on anything I'm looking to buy with no hassle.
I had some issues with purchases on games I bought thru amazon and also the kindle I own.  They were so helpful and quick to correct the problem for me and went above and beyond to make sure I was happy.  When you call you can actually speak to someone in America.  Wonderful company and they have my lifetime support
The coins are a great idea the help defer at least a little of the costs of items. Adding them up for physical items also make the buying of in app,game relayed items a just a small perk while Gaming!
I always promise myself not to play games that require you to buy stuff, but we all know how that goes..lol. I'm a Covet Addict, so I'm always buying diamonds. But I realized that the Amazon Coins last longer & I can use them in any game I want, which is totally the best part.  I can use them for anything, so I suggest using Coins, it's a great money saver overall.
When you buy coins you get more jewels for your money I would buy coins to add to my kindle
New games, books, and magazines; everything to keep me logged in!Check out all the things you can do with coins!
God these coins r dank at I can't stop eating them man looooool wee so good yeah yay great stuff
Simple, efficient and safe. With this method you can shop digital stuff easier and cheaper. You can also give it for someone like your kids so you could control their order limit and feel safe because they don't mess with your real credit card.
best choice for buying apps !! always my 1st priority of choice to buy when i need to purchase apps , 1 year expired , nice !
I love the Amazon coin method for my kindle!!  I can purchase a package of coins cheaper than buying something directly through my card.
Love it
This is so much easier to get your coins. You may be at a special game and need a boost and you have no coins. It can mean a lot of winnings or a lost. Have your coins ready with Amazon and you want be left out in the cold. There is no hassle with the coins of Amazon to the rescue....
Great Deal. Extra coins for the same money! Works better in some apps than cash/credit card payments.**** MOST of all worth 5 stars because of Amazon's hassle-free customer service representatives.****My Kindle has frozen or shut down the app I was trying to make a purchase in...several times...which causes my recently purchased (in app) credits to never show up. Each time I have called Customer Service to report the problem and request a refund, I get NO hassle and the Amazon coins are instantly refunded to my account so that I can go back and repurchase the (in app) credits.
Well worth the value.
Love it
I like the coins ,to buy the game and then you give the balance which a person knows how much a person has left. And i can control my grand childern
Much needed. Can be used to buy anything you want/need. Great tool to use instead of money. Great job Amazon.com.
I love these i get more for my money. I only wish it was easer to check my balance on the amount i have.
This is the best way to buy required packages for gaming.  I love it. It makes it easy to keep playing.
Amazon is amazing
I am new to the Kindle tablet and the Amazon coins encouraged my exploration of new apps, etc. This is a new a fun experience.
I enjoy the Sims Freeplay game.....the Amazon Coins  makes it easy to purchase the needed items to move forward in the game....
much better than .99 or any small amount on my credit card. I  use it several times a week.love games  and have differant ones on  my tablets and lap tops.
Amason coins give you fast, easy, way to access in app $$,without giving out credit card access to the app.
Love amazon. If I have a problem you guys always help me. I thank you for your hospitality for me as a customer.
A 4%-10% saving may not sound like a lot, but if you buy a lot of apps (I do), it's $4-$10 for every hundred dollars you would have spent. That will buy some books or music on Amazon. Or get you a meal from a fast food dollar menu. Whatever, it's money in your pocket.Sounds like a no-brainer to me.
I think this is the best ideal every it keep you playing a games so keep sending free ones than you
I love being able to do my small purchases of music and apps without constantly hitting my payment center all the time. Wish we could do this for low-cost kindle books too!! Great idea!!
Love this app easy-to-use and quickly gets you what you need. Also you can buy amazon card's anywhere  in today's convenient stores.
They are so coiny, and so useable! I don't really know what else to say they work how you would think.
I think that sounds great. Who wouldn't?  If 1000 Amazon coins were given away, that would be awesome. Just saying.
being able to purchase apps and their in game purchases at a discount is always welcome. thanks!
I bought these coins so I don't have a lot of little charges on my credit card.  I balance every single purchase I make, so writing down a silly 99 cent purchase my kids make can be annoying.  I buy $10 worth of coins every few months and I save 50 cents and I also don't have to write down little purchases, so this is a win, win for me.
I needed more coins to play games so I had to buy this pack, and it was not expensive and I got to keep playing my games.
Best website to buy all your needs be it sporting goods movies books videos hames they have it all best choice
This is the best way to get what you want at a discount, $100 worth of Coins for $90. Highly recommend.
i really like too see the coins go on a special sale, it helps a lot when you find them discounted, so when you really like a game,that you play but the upgrades are really expensive, this takes a bite out of the cost, so you can get the upgrade at a discount,, plus lets face it some times the bank account gets a little tight, and a book goes on sale, or is just realeased,if you have coins saved up, You can still get that book you have bin waiteing for to come out for months, I try to buy some coins each month to save them up so when it gets a litte tight around here I can still injoy my kindle
amazingly job you are simply amazing at the works you do wish all others was the same as you. Thank you
Very good value to buy and use for in game purchasing on certain apps very easy to use get more for your money