Wish Led Zeppelin spoke English.  Wait they do...  sounds like a foreign langauge..  oops it is...  Wish they spoke American, cause I didn't understand a word they said.
No music and nothing of interest revealed in all of the conversations that are not readily available from other sources. Very disappointing.
After listening to Pema Chodron's "Getting Unstuck," I was eager to listen to another of her audio books. Unfortunately, "The Places that Scare You," is ready by Tami Simon, the founder and publisher of the Sounds True catalog. (If you've bought any of the Sounds True audio books, you've heard her droning monotone in the intro.) I don't know who has told Simon that she should do narration work. She's so stiff that even Pema Chodron's inspirational teachings fall flatter than a lead pancake. I couldn't get through the first track. Buy the printed book instead. Or for a great audio book, check outGetting Unstuckwhich is Pema Chodron herself. She's a delight to listen to.
I'm glad this was only a dollar, because there is a lot of dead space, with very brief intervals of muffled sounds.  Listen to the preview - that's about what the rest of it is like.  Useless.
This is only half the audio CD, it is missing the last 35 min. Don't purchase from here. You will just be throwing your money away.
PAINFUL TO SAY, BECAUSE I LIKED THE JB'S STUFF, AND LOVED KISSEL & THE EGYPTIAN MAGICIAN, BUT THIS IS LOUSY.  IMMEDIATELY ON TRACK 1 SETS THE TONE, THEN GOES DOWN FROM THERE.  AVOID, AND IF YOU FEEL COMPELLED, SAMPLE EACH TRACK FIRST TO GET A FEEL FOR THE QUALITY.
I bought this because I was making a video story of my granddaughters first year. Wanted to show the sonogram, etc with a heartbeat as background sound. Even with my computer speakers on 100%, I could barely make out the sound. 99cents totally wasted!
Production of mixing is terrible. This could not have been done in a studio. Great idea if you can get past the crappy sound.
You know, you're driving during Christmas time with a Christmas disc in your player and you get stuck in traffic next to one of those "roba-roba" cars. You know, the type where both of you have your windows closed but you can hear his subwoofer walking all over your Mathis or Connick holiday tunes; "ROBA-ROBA...ROBA-ROBA...ROBA-ROBA...ROBA-ROBA". Some of these "house music" electronica outfits release their own Christmas albums or at least stick a track on the latest "Very Special Christmas" edition. Why pick on classic stuff?
I did not enjoy the remix.can't believe how the original songs are destroyed.What a mess !Doesnt sound like the original at all!
I downloaded these songs and the song titles did not even match the songs. The childrens songs were cute but the adult voices which joined in ruined the few decent songs on the album. Definately not an album you would listen to more than once and some songs you will skip over within the first verse!
I bought this entire recording without, unfortunately, previewing it or checking to see just who Bryce Bond was (seems he was a reporter turned parapsychology media guru). Bond's recitation of Johnson's poems plays for all the world like a radio soap commercial of the '50's, with exactly the same insipid wistful turn at the end of every single phrase, and stained with a sonorrhoeal dribble of a piano accompaniment right out of a Palmolive ad spot of the time...The cultural specificity and pride with which Johnson invested his piece is here totally washed away: Pat Boone's milquetoast counterfeit of Little Richard's "Tutti Frutti" had more soul & spirit than this "performance"--Thumbs down!
I hope to not offend anyone.  This recording sounds like a white man trying to read a script that needs to be read by a black man.  The reader did not take his time reading.  There is NO feeling in his reading.  He is not telling the story properly.  There is NO proper vocal inflection.  Lastly, what happened to the choir?
Um, obviously it's my own fault for buying before I listened but this is not the movie soundtrack.  It's some weird recordings about Vietnam but no music and sure the heck no Robin Willem commentary.  Usually getting albums as mp3 downloads is not a problem but I don't know what's going on when they say this is the movie soundtrack.  Sorry guys, but that buying experience sucked.
A fair try. Sound alike? Not even close. Decent singers but not for this. Don't waste your money.
Your version sucks, it's in a very bad quality. shouldn't even be sold on Amazon!  Seriously, what a waste of money. I regret buying it.
Not much instruction just playing. Some talking about what he's going to play but not telling how or where to play it. Probably would be a good DVD so you could see what he's doing as well as hear it.
When I downloaded this CD, I was led to believe it was Garth Brooks performing his greates hits, instead it is an attempt to show the history behind each song. Do not waste your money, unless you want to delete it as I did.
the reader of these poems and letters is regretably lame. next time read with your glasses.I am sorry I got this particular recording. I have gone some place else to get a different recording. Roby would not be happy with you.
For a guy who was so brilliant, he sure does speak like a moron. I had no idea what he was saying most of the time.
I think I've been snow-coned. Make sure you preview before buying any from this project. I can understand folks out there doing anything they are capable of in this economy.
I could not believe what I heard.  This audio said that we need to think about an absolute lie for a moment in the coaching audio.  His example was "American lives are better than all other lives."I could not believe he used this as an example. Why did he not use "European lives are not better than others."This frothing at the mouth trite audio has no place in health or fitness. We rejected it for our sports teams and sending out the word of this anti American (by example of assumption) diatribe.His organics view:  Trite and outdated.  There is no proof of what he tells us and he does not have sources.Stay away from this series.  It's bad news, filtered through a horrific, lying agenda!!!
I bought this to listen to during a long car drive. I stopped half way through because it was so bad. The tracks I heard were nothing but left wing ideology, which would be fine if he ever delivered a punch line. It ends up sounding like a preacher telling you what to think because he knows better than you. If you want political humor, get a Lewis Black album. Punch lines included with purchase price.
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE REMAKE!Stick with the original.One star only because I couldn't leave it blank and post this review.
The download I got after paying is a corrupt file. My mp3 player gives an error message half way in playing. I sent email to Amazon customer service. They replied that they allow download only once. So they cannot help me!If you decide to buy, you better pray that nothing bad happens during the download, because you got only one chance. I don't remember exactly how big the file is. Must be more than 100MB. Here's Amazon reply in all its official glory:"I'm sorry to hear that you encountered a problem with "Relaxing Seaside (Nature Sounds Only Version)" by Nature Sound Series.Amazon MP3 files are only available for download at the time of purchase. We display information about the items you've purchased from the Amazon MP3 Music Downloads store in Your Media Library so you can keep track of what you've bought and discover similar items that may be available. However, the files are not stored there and cannot be downloaded again after purchase."
My wife needed the soundtrack for a classroom exercise and was in a time crunch.  We started the preview and assumed this was the original, so we downloaded it only to find out there's only about 20 seconds of the original soundtrack and then something like clocks ticking afterwards for the balance of the time.  A total misrepresentation and ripoff.
I was very disappointed to find that this is an album of sound-likes! They are not the original tracks and frankly, some of them are awful. If you like the track list you would be better off searching for the original songs. I am angry because this should have been made clear, so I will be requesting a full refund. Don't waste your money!
From the first track, my thinking was, "Where was Mitch?  Did he even show for the gig?  Not enough chorus!  Not enough orchestra! Poor arrangement! The production is a real first-class schlock-job!
It is impossible to meditate with this CD. She talks so fast that I am unable to follow with such speed. I think it meant to listen, memorize and meditate on your own.
This audio book is simply bad. In fact, it is pathetic. It's pathetic because someone out there put this together, reviewed it, and knowingly released a terrible product.From start to finish the reader not only mispronounces words, but absolutely devastates even common words. His pronunciation of "psychiatrists" sounded exactly like "psyche-ah-trists" but it gets a lot worse. I was writing them down at first but it was just too much. Furthermore, the narrator misquotes well-known quotes and even says wrong words instead of always mispronouncing.It's really shocking that someone continues to sell this. It is unfortunate too because the actual content does appear to be worth absorbing. But do not bother with this. If you must, read the book.This audio book is a disgrace.
First of all I have to echo the other low scoring reviewer's comments that the frequently mis-pronounced words distracted this listener from absorbing the material.  Written books are edited for obviously misspelled words; why wasn't this audio book edited for mis-pronounced words? Very amateurish. "So - Crates" instead of Socrates?  What is this "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure"?  Secondly, I found the narrator was talking at the audience instead of to them. He was just enthusiastically reading what was in front of him without proper pauses and emphasis. It takes more than someone sounding like an Oxyclean commercial to effectively deliver a message.Also, there were some nuggets of wisdom in this audio book.  However, I can't agree with Murphy's basic concept of the subconscious mind. I took his message as saying the subconscious mind is a separate entity within the body that has all the answers to everything; like the Oracle at Delphi. All you have to do is ask it three times per day and you will get what you want; I guess like clicking your heals three times in the "Wizard of Oz". It also has all control to automatic functions within the body like hair growth and healing.  Although I think that the subconscious mind can influence the aforementioned, those are separate systems within the human body.I will continue my search for something that makes more sense.
I have this audiobook and have listened to it numerous times.  Every time I listen, I find another word the narrator has butchered!  I decided to jump on Amazon to see who this guy is and find out why the production house allowed such a horrible reading.  I was laughing out loud when I saw all of the other comments saying the exact same thing.  I have even considered reading this book to myself and recording it so I have to listen to this guy.The content of the book is absolutely amazing and if you can handle it, I say get the MP3... otherwise, you may be better off with the book.  The content is so good, I continue to listen to the audiobook time and again, enduring this mans horrible pronunciations.Please, if you're the publisher and you're reading this, call me and I'll volunteer my time to reread this.  I'm a professional broadcaster and have the studio to do this right.  Please email me and I will read it for free adams411 at gmail dot com.
The Power Of Your Subconscious Mind contains valuable information that can transform a person's life. Sadly, the audio speaker hired to read the text for this Mp3 download frequently mispronounces words throughout the entire recording, distracting the listener from the powerful writing of Joseph Murphy. The speaker makes so many mistakes that his poor delivery becomes laughable and stands out more than the content of the text. It is astounding that this production, which does extreme injustice to Joseph Murphy's writing, was approved for release.
If you like Christian Science reading materials, you will like this. I believe in faith and positive thinking, and even miracles from the power of God's divine healing, but his mind over matter teaching doesn't cure everything and can do more harm to those in desperate need of medical intervention. His teaching has a critical tone for those suffering with illness, chronic pain, disability, or disease, like somehow it is all your fault for your lack of faith, negative speaking or thinking. If your leg is broken, or if you child has spinal meningitus, don't stand in front of the mirror making positive affirmations...get to an emergency room ASAP. You can still exercise your faith in Gods healing power or positive thinking while doing all these things. Going to the doctor or taking medicine does not mean you have no faith.Believe God for a positive outcome and let everything work together toward your recovery. Don't blame yourself because your happy thoughts didn't make your cancer disappear.
If this is the extent of the artist's vocabulary, then someone else can deal with it. I'm no prude, but I don't see the value in this kind of expression. It's not clever and actually constrains the meaning. I'm really amazed that AMAZON allows the "F' word since they censor it on the music forums. Shame.
I was hoping to get some nice Jewish lullabies for our new baby and purchased this album via amazon's mp3 download without listening to it first. This CD is a set of cheap synthesizer and drum machine recordings that sound as if they were made by a poor musician in about half an hour. There is zero soul or emotion to the recordings, and I actually find it offensive how poorly the performance is and how bastardized these songs are. I would not even want our baby to listen to this. Avoid these recordings if you can!
Someone sent this this horrible CD for Christmas without accepting credit or blame.  It is a collection of some of the worst music I had ever heard on one CD!  I figure it must have been a joke played on me&#8230;.
Hours of nothing. Goes on and on about recognizing a lack of self confidence. Purchasers of this mp3 already realize they need help with self confidence. Let's just give them a bunch more ways to recognize and agonize over their problem and then toss at them weak ineffective ways to solve it.As a futures trader, I find it helps to listen to positive recordings when I'm biking, resting or just board. It elevates your mood and does actually help your "self confidence". This album just bores you.In all honesty, I think this album tries to cover to much, and in doing so helps little. It talks about personal self confidence, about self confidence in children and in teenagers. Child self confidence should be in material designed to help with children, the same with teenagers, not used as filler to sell an album under the guess of a "complete" guide. Come on now.The section on not being afraid to use computers and take a computer class to build self confidence, ridiculous, this is 2009 not 1995. If your advanced enough to use Amazon and download mp3s to purchase this album, you sure don't need a computer class lol.If I could return it, I would, even though it was only $3.00 and I used a free credit. Save your real money.
So, instead of going to any number of websites that specialize in public domain titles to download a copy of the movie for free...OR spending a buck on a budget DVD...ORRRR spending a little more for a higher-quality DVD that might also include commentaries or a making-of documentary...I can spend NINE BUCKS, and essentially get a copy of the movie without any of those pesky images getting in the way? Just the audio? Not the songs clean of dialogue or effects, just a 92 minute file where someone stripped the audio from the movie and posted it as an mp3 file?Where do I sign up? Do you take Schrute bucks?
This file is incomplete and doesn't start at the beginning.  It is supposed to be 45 min but because of the truncated beginning it is only just over 41 min long.
This is a metaphysical/spiritual textbook that is used in the Church of Religious Science. The reader on this cd has no feeling for what he is reading. His tone is strident, lacks conviction and  renders it very difficult to tune into the ideas in the book. All books cannot be read in the same tone and this is a prime example.I am very sorry that I spent the money for this product.
Be warned that this book is read by a robot.  It is a very good algorithm, but still, missing the human-pauses between sentences that we all come to expect.
I'm still waiting to receive it.  I had it long ago and loved it.Please check to see IF it has been sent.
These songs are most definitely NOT performed by genuine music boxes. They are electronic simulations. Don't waste your money.Also don't believe everything you read: Just because the label SAYS "Music Box Christmas", doesn't mean that the songs are being played by actual music boxes (and, to be fair, the producers never actually make that claim, although the CD's title certainly invites one -- misleadingly, in my opinion -- to infer it!).Caveat Emptor!!!
This guy is not "THE" Zac Brown from the band in Atlanta Georgia. This is a different singer, but he will gladly take the full price for his songs from anyone mistakenly thinking they are purchasing the famous band's album.Buyer beware. I am giving it a one star for trying to fake people out of their money.
i was looking more for walking music.  I do not need instructions on walking.  I must admit I did not listen to the entire album because it was a bit boring.
I've seen all episodes of Jackass, Jackass: The Movie(s), and Steve-o's video collections, love them all. This, however, was the worst money ever spent. there aren't that many tracks, really only one rap song, the other tracks are basically steve-o talking about making the album.I'm a fan though, I contributed my money, but if you're looking for rap or even funny rap, go somewhere else.
This isn't a review of just the product but of the price of the product.  $7.99 for each part of a three part interview.  $24 for the whole thing.  Ridiculous.UPDATE: Looks like they fixed it so you have to buy the whole album now.  Makes more sense.
I purchased this album to help me sleep after we had to take the air conditioner out of the window, unfortunately this file only plays 39.55 minutes out of the 105 minutes it's supposed to play, cutting off suddenly and distractingly. I have contacted Amazon regarding this, they made the download available to me again; I followed their instructions clearing my cache, uninstalling their downloader, and restarting my computer, but the file still has the same problem. It's evident that the file they have is just plain corrupt. I've requested a refund, but have heard nothing back. Don't buy this CD!UPDATE: Amazon refunded my purchase price for this item soon after I had written this review.
I was looking for some new techniques or tips but did not find any in this album. It mentions WHY negotiation skills are important but doesn't tell you HOW, at least not beyond what you might already know. About six or seven times, it suggests going online to find negotiation seminars. If that's the advice they give, then why bother with this album?
"Disc 2" of this digital audiobook is damaged. I tried downloading it a couple times, but it always skips repeatedly after about 23 minutes into that "disc." This is the equivalent of selling a new paper book with missing/ripped pages. Unacceptable.
DONT BUY THIS. IT SKIPS. DONT BUY IT AT ALL.IT IS NOT A HARDWARE ISSUE THE ACTUAL FILE DOESN'T PLAY RIGHT.
I've used several of the Global Hypnosis versions and have liked them.  However, this one is entirely music and sounds... no narration whatsoever.  It was surprising given that all of the others focus on the narration... it really isn't hypnosis, but more relaxation... nothing specifically about creativity.
Actually NO STARS for this tripe. It's disgusting to the point where you would almost be willing to give up your First Amendment rights to not allow for this type of humor. But, alas, we must listen to the disenfranchised vent their spleen. I find the snippet I heard from "Sunday School" to be most offensive. Hey Bo Fo Sho, have some intestinal fortitude and write/perform some distasteful Muslim material. God forgives, Allah doesn't.By the way, I didn't buy it, as it offended me with each 30-second preview I heard. Can't imagine how vile it gets with each passing moment.Shame on Amazon for offering this garbage that can be downloaded by anyone.
This is the worst collection of Christmas songs I've ever listened to.  And I'm a big Pavarotti fan.  Coming through my speakers (which are part of a GOOD sound system) the recording sounds like it's coming through a Victrola.  HORRIBLE!  Don't buy it even if you love Pavarotti.
Any potential buyers should be forwarned, especially considering how the sample on Amazon chops off the offending chorus. For some strange and inexplicable reason, this magnificent choir chose to absolutely butcher the "six geese a laying" chorus in Twelve Days of Christmas. It is sung with an artificial larynx device exactly like a person who had throat cancer. It is mind-boggling, but you can hear for yourself on the iTunes sample of the same album. It absolutely obliterates and ruins an otherwise brilliant rendition. I don't know if they did it in honor of a former member or what, but it is just a travesty.
What's the most annoying is that this cd claims to be the "bestest". Of all the wedding music recordings I own this is THE WORST. Their version of canon in D is truly frightning. From a wedding music provider myself I beg everyone to stay away from this recording!
just not a good cd not pop to it.  wish I had my money back.  love jazz but to me not a good cd
First, the album itself is terrific.  But it does not download properly via either Amazon's MP3 downloader or Amazon's Cloud Player.  The former simply doesn't see the .amz file, and the latter wants me to either play the album or share it on Facebook, but won't let me store it for later listening.  On the orders page, there is no button to click for a refund/return.  I'll eventually get around to sending Amazon an email asking for a refund, but it shouldn't be this difficult.
What you hear in the sample is what you get. It is about 10 seconds longer & mixes up a little bit, but is the same back beat & about 3 different whale like sounds, over & over & over & over again for the whole hour.
Plays the same tones.  No sounds of nature like I thought. May be relaxing for someone but not for me.
Where is the scary music? All I hear is weak piano that can hang in the background while I fold clothes. Nothing scary about this album except the price.
Purchased the karaoke version but was downloaded in Mp3 format which did not have the lyrics, shoul dhave been downloaded in Mp3+G
The classic story is still great after all this time. But with on issue. the file I downloaded has a error at32.57 it has audio that is from later in the show like it was recorded over what was there for almost a minute.
Simply a nightmare. Just when you're starting to get into it, he talks. Ceaseless narration with an overly produced and synthesized voice.
Downloaded. Each track plays about 15 to 30 sec and then jumps to the next track. I was excited about this, but now consider my time and $ a loss. Oh, well...
I just couldn't bring myself to trust this or any other subliminal mp3 that don't at least disclose the subliminal messages being put in the subconscious mind behind the waves. How do I know if any subliminal messages exist behind the waves at all?
First off this audio is kinda misleading, it says that it helps you learn chinese but it isn't done directly. There are no vocuabulary, no grammer pretty much nothing in the audio to directly increase your knowledge of chinese.After doing some research I learned that this audio is supposed to somehow help you brain learn chinese easier but I have not noticed any difference in my ability to learn chinese after listening to this album.The only good thing is that the wave track is somewhat soothing. Though if you want a wave track I would assume you'd be looking for a wave track not a learn chinese track for that.I would highly discourage anyone from getting this product as it will most likely not help you in any way in your quest to learn chinese.
Don't bother. A waste of money. 2 tracks, one of ocean sounds, one of "ultrasonic" (total silence unless you're a canine), each track 10 minutes in length. Listen to the preview and that's basically all there is. Total BS. I was hoping this would be a Hebrew version of Earworm technology, but it is not.
I ordered this CD from BMV here on Amazon, paid much more than the downloadable files (something like $14.95), and when it arrived and played it on my computer, the file clearly stated "Subliminal Spanish".Not saying that they don't really have an actual subliminal Tlingit recording available, but just be careful about what you order.  And check out what the files on the CDs or mp3 say they are.
The reading was too vaudevillian, over the top, and destroyed the subtlety and grace of Poe's exquisite writing. The Reader had a weak and tentative. When he tried to add emphasis, he was scratchy and discordardent, without any nuance.
I ordered two songs from this album and both have skips, like the digital tracks were ripped from a scratched up CD. You can hear some of it on the samples. It wasn't apparent in mine, but it does show up later in the tracks.
This was a waste, didn't do anything or help at all. Waste of time and money. Don't even bother, awful
Is this the &#34;Paul Gilbert&#34; from Racer X, Mr. Big? Purchased this for $3.99 so what the heck. But no, it's some guy talking to people in Vegas, I was expecting blazing guitar. Is this some kind of joke? It was labeled under Paul Gilberts albums. Can I be reimbursed for purchasing before preveiwing the songs?
Nice voice and okay music.  CD too short and hypnosis was ineffective.  A waste of money.
I purchased this for uplifting messages, but was let down by hearing a curse word. I stopped listening after it to find out if there were any others. If you are seeking clean knowledge in your battle with depression, you may want to look elsewhere.
Listened to this for about 10 minutes but couldn't get past the part where he is describing depression in excessive detail.  I already know how depression feels and don't need someone reinforcing all that.  Not impressed at all.
The speaker has THE MOST WONDERFUL SOOTHING VOICE.  But the content is awful.  With a voice like his, he could rule the genre.  Top quality and hard to find a voice of this caliber.  But he's talking nonsense talk and it gets moreso as the track continues.  Contrary to just tuning him out and falling asleep, my mind tries harder to understand what is being said to me.  That's annoying when you're trying to relax.  It's frustrating to be listening to someone and not know what in the world they're talking about.  What a shame.  If you put his voice on any other good quality track I have it would be heaven, but this one got erased pretty quickly.
Certainly I feel silly writing a review for a product costing $0.99. On the other hand, I would have really appreciated my review when buying so I would have known to move on, keep shopping, this ain't what I want :)  I am looking for the best hypnosis recordings at low cost here on Amazon.  Was it unreasonable of me to expect this product to be an MP3 of hypnosis session when the title includes the phrase, "With NLP and Hypnosis"?  I really would love answers; maybe I need to check myself.But while I have the belief my expectation was reasonable, I must vote "No" on this MP3.  I really don't know what this is nor how to describe it best.  It's a dude talking as if he were making a hypnosis recording but there is no hypnosis of the type I know.  For example, there is no induction nor anything at the end to bring you "back" or rather out of the state of hypnosis. My listening to part of this (nope, did not tolerate the whole thing) leaves me thinking this is more of a lecture than a hypnosis session.  As I say, he's talking with the tone, meter, rhythm and demeanor of a hypnotherapist doing a session.  And the background music/sounds associated with recorded sessions is all there.  But definitely not what I believe to be a hypnosis session MP3.Harsh to give 1 star just because the title is misleading?  Maybe. Probably(?).  But it seems no one is really reviewing any of these hypnosis MP3's anyway so I think the standard for accuracy and fairness is pretty low.  But my experience really rated only ONE star:  I have gone and deleted the recording off my maching and out of my amazon cloud.If anyone can help me with this, please respond:  Why is Amazon so pathetic on its search results for hypnosis MP3?  The search itself shows up as a suggested search and there could be no more simple search than "hypnosis MP3" but using this I am still having alot of trouble finding just recorded hypnosis sessions.  Hits from a search are including music, lectures, alot of stuff on NLP, guided imagery etc., but products such as those do not always include a hypnosis session.  Maybe it's me (I doubt it) but I am really finding myself frustated facing over 4,000 responses to the search (in this MP3 department only!) and then finding that I have to carefully go and look for things that are actually hypnosis MP3.  AGain, any thoughts, comments or input will be most appreciated.  Now, "Relaaaaaaxxxxx........." ;)
Desensitization is really important if your dog is scared of particular noises, and there are some great CDs around that can help.Unfortunately, mp3 versions of CD tracks just can't work the way they are supposed to. They might help your dog get used to loud noises *generally*, but if he has a *specific* phobia they can't help with that.The reason is, an mp3 is not a perfect representation of sound. When sound is compressed into an mp3, it is processed in such a way that less data needs to be used for the same effect to be perceived in humans. But only in humans - the tricks mp3 uses are related to the physiology of the human ear.Dogs don't have the same ear physiology, and they hear things differently than we do. So a dog won't hear the noise made by playing an mp3 the same way he would in real life or on a CD. The tricks won't work, so it will sound distorted. It's likely he won't even recognize it as, say, fireworks or the vacuum.Stay away from digital downloads if you need to desensitize your dog, go for CDs instead.
If you do a lot of browsing around the oldies albums here, you've probably come to the same conclusion that I have. If you haven't, let me clue you in: If the record label is K-Tel, there's a really good chance that the album is full of re-recorded songs.So it is with this one, which I review here only because Amazon's recommendation engine laid it in front of me. Go listen to some original hit songs for sale elsewhere on Amazon:Rock Your Baby,Silence Is Golden,Billy, Don't Be A Hero, you get the idea. Then come back here if you still want the newer, re-recorded versions that populate this collection.
The music selected is a melange of different styles, all having one common denominator, mediocrity. One would have hoped for a better selection of the music we heard during this campaign. This montage certainly does NOT inspire. I doubt any astute Obama campaign manager would even listen --wimpy at best, not grassroots at all--with the possible exception of Stevie Wonder and Keb Mo. The rest are not up the the standard. Make your own mix! I would call this disappointing.
Was disappointed to discover that this uses synthetic sounds for large parts of this score.  Almost every major symphony does this live for Xmas, why not record the real sounds? Would not recommend
If you're a Donnie Baker fan, please just pass on this. I love Donnie Baker's call-in's to Bob and Tom. However, this is garbage. Was going to give as a gift - but can only find a few clips that aren't terrible. Sorry.
I normally enjoy Weezer and needed some alternative to the Binge Crisby Christmas songs my Wife kept playing. So I bought this album... Weezers worst attempt at anything ever. I should have savedmy money. The singing is so off key, the instrumental bits so half hearted, this album should come with ear plugs.
This was really lousy. It felt like a soft core porno rather than a motivating workout session. Don't do it.
I hate it. It's definitely not perfect or great. lack of musical skill is evident throughout. Sounds like vomit! TIS bullcrap!
I felt like this racist was giving me hell for being white the white in the seats must have felt uncomfortable
Okay, there is absolutely nothing &#34;nightmarish,&#34; dark or gothic about this at all. Yes, it's pipe organ and handbell, but the arrangements and playing are the pedestrian sort of thing one might hear at any small-town Lutheran Christmas service across the country. Deceptive packaging, much? I strongly recommend Kris Knight's &#34;Scary Christmas&#34; instead!
I'm very disappointed that Amazon offered this as a free download. It's very disrespectful of the Christmas holiday. Christmas is a Christian holiday and this is making perverted associations to the holiday and very offensive to Christians.The song may be catchy, but the lyrics are disgusting. This isn't even real music. She seems to be talking more than singing.
I don't like this song, and I do plan on deleting it, but I guess even so, I still have an opinion. In MY opinion, it's a single star for sure.
This was just very, very bad. Some "artists", and I use that term loosly in her case, should never be allowed to sing Christmas songs. What was Amazon thinking, offering this?People, this is NOT what Christmas is about!
Seriously awful. It's not even worth ranting about how bad it is. All I can say is she's a ho. Ho. HO.
This not a Christmas song.  It is a disgrace that it was even made.
It's not a Christmas classic for a lot of reasons. It has nothing to do with Christmas or the holiday season. It's just a flirty song, which is ok, but not as a holiday song. It's not as good as her previous work. She has real talent and this song doesn't showcase that talent.Did the Amazon selection crew go on vacation and leave a middle school in charge of selecting the songs for this month?
This should not be considered a Christmas song.  This should hardly even be considered a "song" because that would imply that it is music.This is a completely inappropriate song, neither well sung nor well played musically, ripping off part of the tune to "Deck the Halls" and using "Christmas Tree" and other Christmas words as key words for other thing.Frankly, this song is just horrible and not worth anyone's time.  It certainly has nothing to do with Christmas.
This woman turns something so good and twists it to be completely evil and inappropriate.
This song was gross.  Can I get some money from Lady Gaga for wasting the time to listen to this garbage.  Stay away from Christmas music it is not your specialty.
I was hoping for something cool and festive - this is NOT it.  Raunchy and indulgent, uncreative and without charm.Too bad.  Even for free, this was a disappointment.
If you think this song is flirty you may want to get checked for STD's.  This song is not flirty, it's filthy.  If you're a genuine fan of quality music, I'd encourage you to expect more of "artists" than poor sequencing and twisted euphemisms.
Lady Gaga even has the ability to pervert a song with Christmas in the title. At first glance, one might think - aah a free Christmas tune by a popular artist. Not so. Instead one must endure two and a half minutes of thinly veiled crude references by an artist that is many things but certainly not a lady. Just like free poison is not worth the price neither is this "hemlock for the ear".
It's the most wonderful time of the... oh, wait, we're heading in to 2010, a time where trash songs like this are touted as fun Christmas carols.  Puts me right in the holiday spirit, if that holiday happens to be Halloween.
Looks like we need to have X ratings for Christmas songs...how sad.  I love her voice, but am greatly disappointed she doesn't use it so all can listen.
This reading is incomplete. Chapter 1 is actually Chapter 2. There is no recording of Chapter 1. Shame on this company for selling such shoddy productions!
Hearing the sample was enough to convince me not to buy it. There were drums and some other annoying sound in the background drowning out the speaker. Not restful for me.
Your previews are not long enough to discern if a song is the one a person wants to buy. allow the entire song to be played.
These recordings leave you hanging and if you want to really get any benefit from it, you need to buy his expensive additional courses... which leads to your needing to buy more and more and more courses...It's a lead-in to more and more and more of your money in his pocket... and even after all of that... you'll find you could've gotten a MUCH greater benefit from going directly to the teachings he CLAIMS his courses are based on... to the DIRECT teachings of Lester Levenson himself. Listen to and read "teachings" that are Lester Levenson's own voice speaking to you, or read Lester Levenson's own direct words.Bypass this material. Save your money. Be smart.
We purchased this story to help our 2 year old twins relax before bed.  The story takes four siblings through all kinds of "adventures", including being abducted and then lost.  That is when my husband & I turned it off.  This absolutely is not relaxing or appropriate for 2 year olds, (which is the beginning of the given age range.)
but she never gave any sort of permission for her recordings to be sold like this!!This work is in the public domain. Find it on LIBRIVOX.
What a joke this CD turned out to be! A while back I had bought 'Perception' and really enjoyed it. But this offering from 2008, was a stink bomb! No cohesion from track to track, just a bunch of in-continuity! This followed no line of direction. It was simply a hogpoge of half-rate songs! I hated it so much, that I threw it in the trash, and I never do that!
I really hope this album is a joke because it is horrible. dont buy it unless its a secret santa joke. I would give it no stars but I couldnt post this review unless I picked at least 1 star.
Thank you for pointing that out Juan Carlos. I have just downloaded it for free from Librivox.
I am Juan Carlos Bagnell, and I'm asking you to NOT buy this recording.This recording was made for a website called Librivox, which involves volunteers narrating books in the Public Domain. A LOT of hard work goes into making those recordings freely available, and none of those recordings are sold for a profit.I am in no way affiliated with the distribution of this audio, and your purchasing it will NOT support any of the people who worked so hard to produce it and other audiobooks and narrations.
I am just dismayed to learn that some people take advantage of the good work from volunteers. Hope buyers are smart enough to get the free versions of book recordings at librivox.
This material leaves you hanging and if you want to really get any benefit from it, you need to buy his expensive additional courses... which leads to your needing to buy more and more and more courses...It's a lead-in book to more and more and more of your money in his pocket... and even after all of that... you'll find you could've gotten a MUCH greater benefit from going directly to the teachings he CLAIMS his courses are based on... to the DIRECT teachings of Lester Levenson himself. Go to the DIRECT teachings of Lester Levenson and bypass this material.Save your money. Be smart.
Nothing more than someone either on keyboards and a drum machine making beats, or possibly looping samples of synthesizer keyboards and drum beats - like maybe in the drum and bass loopings that could be found on Ableton or maybe Fruity Loops - and people in the background doing howls, screams, evil laughs, the occasional "You will never get out!".  I can do that, too.  After a while, it basically sounds the same.  Nothing really to keep the party going, in my opinion.
What is it with this beautiful voice and terrible music?  The moaning off key is irritating, and it makes me SO glad that I didn't spend money on this!  I LOVE the visualization, but the vocals in the background need to go.  I was uneasy, and had a hard time relaxing while anticipating the next off key vibrato note to come from the music.  Don't get this track.  Even the music only part is horrible.  You can do better.  What a shame.
This is a bad, very bad MP3 deal.  About 1/2 of the sound effects have to be deleted because they don't come through.  At first I just thought it was because the samples were bad so I downloaded anyway.  Then I downloaded and the actual recordings are horrible.  This shouldn't be for sale as a whole album....  I saved no money and hope to get some back.
I believe this is very misleading, i thought i was buying the album Paranoid by Black Sabbath, there shoudl be some warning that this is not the original Paranoid album, this is borderline fraud and very misleading.  Shame on you Amazon.
What can I say ... this is not Black Sabbath, guess i will say it again ...this is not Black Sabbath.
These recordings sound like they are the audio portion of a more comprehensive course in Cantonese - one that includes books and visual aids.  These tracks don't include any translation.  With just this audio, you'll find yourself falling asleep listening to Cantonese phrases and tones repeated over and over with no idea of what any of it means, unless you've encountered it in some other course.  The sound quality also leaves something to be desired, sounding at times like it was lifted from an old VHS cassette by placing a tape recorder in front of a TV set.  In one of the tracks, the instructor advises the listener to watch the speaker to determine how to make the correct tone, suggesting that this "instruction" includes some sort of visual element.  It's too bad that this product wasn't better described on Amazon.
I just downloaded this and decided to lie down and relax and give it a try. I was met with a hypnosis session about the new SLENDER me, not the new smoke free me. I'm sure it's fine for what it is, but it isn't a smoking cessation hypnosis.
My memories of the songs I've downloaded have been cloudy--the dark side at work. Replaying them, I'm reminded of their execrable sound quality. I suppose the emotion reverberated from the piano playing itself--which itself causes tingles--overwhelmed my hazy recollection of the files' quality, which problem I've never had with any of my other downloads. Thus, I'm forced to conlude, short of redownloading these songs, that the fault is in the original recordings. Other downloads have had poor sound, but those have all been very old recordings--50's and before. As Shakespeare wrote, 'the fault, it seems, lies in the files, not in the stars.'
Reminding me that "I have spent a fortune on clubs" is not a good way to motive me to play good golf.
I am sorry, I know he gets regular appearances on Bob & Tom, but he simply is NOT funny.  I felt embarassed for him watching this. I never offered so much as a chuckle while watching this act. I cannot even go into the details, because it is not necessary; NONE of the act is funny.  It is unoriginal and completely predictable.  Please do not waste your money.
One of the 7 tracks is in a diff language, another is the same joke over and over again for 6 mins, i don't even recognize anyone on here except George Carlin and Arnold's part is only 2 minutes, most of the jokes are not even about Arnold and the ones that are are stupid only funny because of uses of expletives. Complete waste of money, don't bother, trust me
Many of the tracks heard here come from the classic Reader's Digest albumJoyous Music for Christmas Time, first issued in 1963.However, these transfers come from worn Lp copies and not the Ardee Music masters that are available elsewhere. Listen to the samples and you will hear scratches and distortion.Avoid.
This is a poor relaxation cd because some of the tracks are not relaxing at all. I buy compilations like this because I can usually rely on finding one or two new artists of interest. Not this time.A bad sign is that the executive producer has three song-writing credits. That tells me this is more like a vanity project with no objectivity in track selection.But all is not lost. Firstly, the digipak is superbly put together. Art Direction & Graphic Design are credited to someone named Gloria Ma. She has done a superb job, so if you're looking for a designer, buy a copy of this cd and prepare to be impressed.Secondly, the only track of real quality here is one I already owned, "Sorrow's Call" by Dave Eggar. If it is relaxation you want, buy one of his cds instead of this one. His playing is so good, it is soothing and healing as well as relaxing.
Not only does the Audio skip paragraphs and quotes and misreads a lot of words. But it skips every quote that has the name of 'Jesus' and interchanges the word 'Christianity' to 'Religion'. If you going to narrate and audio to something, narrate it right without judgement or opposition.
Despite the 2009 release date on this album, a handful of songs on "Tough Boy" were recorded in the late 1970's and were released as "The Tough Boy" by Billy Joel and the Hassels [sic] in 1980. True Billy Joel was in a band called the Hassles in the 60's, although they have no connection with the work of Joey Trentadue. To add to the confusion, when the horrible, quasi-legitimate, Creative Sounds Ltd. reissued Joel's other pre-fame band Attila on to cd (sourced from vinyl, of course), they tacked on the 1980 "The Tough Boy" release and credited to Billy Joel and the Hassels [sic] complete with a Hassles era photo of Joel.For the record, Joey Trentadue sounds nothing like Billy Joel. In fact Trentadue sounds like the perfect candidate for the former WFMU show "Incorrect Music", a program hosted by Irwin Chusid (Songs in the Key of Z) and Michele Boule which featured "differently" talented musicians. About half of the tracks are quasi-New Wave (it was from these recordings the fake Joel album was assembled), while the rest are hideously off key acoustic numbers, one of which seems to be about dynamiting seals (Take These Seals and Shove It).I am certainly glad I found out who was responsible for the lyric "Tough boy's a punk, real tough punk! Punk rock city! Tough boy, tough punk, tough boy, tough punk!". That alone is reason to have a reservation in hell.
I heard some of it when I was a young adult and did not remember how vulgar it was. Sorry I spent the money I did for it, it is nothing I would share with anyone. I give it 1/2 star. If you like vulgaritynthan, this is it.
This is probably one of the best Gangaji pieces I've listened to, however the mp3's I downloaded had quite a few errors. After a few emails and a rather lengthy call with tech support, they finally agreed that the errors were on there end. Amazon did refund my money, but couldn't give me any idea when they the mp3's would be repaired. I like Amazon, but I doubt if I will ever purchase anything digital from them.
I wanted to purchase an mp3 copy for myself. I decided to follow up on JoAnne's review. So to make this review short, according to the Amazon crew, the mp3 copy still doesn't work. This saved me from making any purchases. In my past experience, I've run across a few of my own personal CD's that no matter what I did with the mp3 conversion software settings, a track or two wouldn't come out right.In the case of this rip of The Diamond in Your Pocket, my understanding is that the lecture/audio begins to "stutter" near the end of each large track. The Diamond in Your Pocket may be just one of those audios that cannot be ripped to mp3. Well, I'm still waiting for the Amazon tech guys to contact me about repairs. So for the audio version, you may have to stick to buying the CD set. For now, you're out of luck for the audio version to make it to your personal mp3 player.
I adore Jackie Gleason but didn't feel any of his magic here. Sorry but I was sadly disappointed in this purchase. Just another Christmas cd with no umph!
I was really enjoying this song until you started singing about rape. My young children can comprehend crime, and murder, and stealing, but I'm not ready to answer the "Daddy, what's rape?" question that I would get when I played this song for my seven year old daughter. It's a distracting and unnecessary word for a comedy song and I'm very disappointed that it is included in the song.For those that are wondering, the line is... "But it's crowded with cops and it's crisscrossed with yellow tape. But this isn't a murder or rape.". Rape? Really? How about "prison escape" or "criminal scrape"? I enjoyed most of the rest of the song, but I doubt I'll ever play it again.
When I stumbled upon this as a free download during a promotional offer from Subway, I thought I was getting something worthwhile. They promoted the free download with the names of the original artists. Instead, it was perky cover versions of the songs. Ugh. I'm glad I got it for free - it was worth every penny, and not a cent more.
Not fast enough for a good cardio workout. Maybe ok if your new to exercise but not fast enough for cardio
Terrible. Annoying. And totally in the wrong category.Oh yeah, and you can't hear the person talking well either.I want my 30 seconds of life back.
WTH?? This is NOT music.. it's some guy yammerin' on about nonsense.  Just gibberish.  Save yourself 30 seconds.. it's not even worth that much of your life.
I was excited to find so many great songs on one CD, but was disappointed to find that the tracks are mixed together (i.e., the songs overlap).  The description mentions that the hits are "remixed," but this normally describes the process used to re-create individual songs from the master recordings.In this case, a better description would be to say that the songs are "mixed."  The result is that you can't listen to an individual track without listening to the end of the previous track at the start, and the beginning of the next track at the end.  You also cannot listen to tracks in a different order.  The individual tracks may also be purchased individually, which should really confuse customers!  Without the mixing I would have given this album 5 stars.
When one thinks of the string quartet, and how music written for reached some of the heights of cultural insight, this leaves something to be desired. The whole thing is pure schtick. Recognizing schtick used to be a great way of separating wheat from chaff. Culturally speaking this effort, and ones like it, is more precisely like taking the wheat and chaff, let them ferment and rot and darken, and then using them to paint graffiti rap lyrics on the wall. Yikes!
I'm a fanatic for comedy albums. After playing some of my favorites to death (Norm Macdonald, Harland Williams, Jim Gaffigan, pretty much everything Louis CK and Dave Chappelle have ever done), I went off in search for more. I found some gold, some pewter, and some plain old garbage. Here are the fruits of my labors.MOSHE KASHER --> Everyone You Know is Going to Die, Then You AreThis is more than a comedian doing stand-up. There are brief sketches at the beginning and end as well as a few epistolary segments here and there in the middle. If the title of the album isn't a giveaway, Moshe tries to lean on the irony of mortality as both his opener and closer. It doesn't work, mainly because he doesn't actually write any jokes about it. He just reminds everyone they're going to die, as if the juxtaposition of a comedian being morbid is, in itself, supposed to be funny. It's not. Neither is anything else he talks about. The actual stand-up seems half-finished, with pretty much every track on this album feeling like it is all set-up with no punchline. ("Jewmany" is the most obvious example of this.) The other bits are either overwritten (his letter to Modesto) or lazy (he reads spam emails and then makes obvious jokes about them, which is something everyone has been doing with their friends since email spam was invented). Making the whole thing worse, Moshe's on-stage persona feels only a shade lighter than carnival barker. He's got the contrived, overly-polished patter of a used car salesman. Even if your jokes are weak, if you've got a strong, engaging presence it makes up for a lot. Moshe's slickness comes across as plastic and hollow -- like he lacks any kind of personality or presence at all -- and it totally deflates what little humor there is in any of the stuff he says. ONE STARTJ MILLER -->Mash Up AudiofileTJ Miller just doesn't have enough stuff out there. He has a DVD, but I prefer to listen to my comedy, being on the go as I always am. I've caught a lot of Miller on various podcasts, and I've loved his general aura enough to seek this gem out. He's got a lot of lunacy to his bits, but his goofy demeanor makes it super accessible. He runs the gamut as far as subject matter, and that makes the direction of his set unpredictable and more interesting. Plus, the CD contains some musical remixes of his jokes, a gimmick that I've never seen before. It doesn't work 100%, but it's still fun and infectious, like most of his comedy. FIVE STARSPAUL F. TOMPKINS -->Laboring Under DelusionsI absolutely love Paul F. Tompkins. He's smart but not smug, and he applies his well-spoken erudition to topics all across the board, whether grim, crass, classy, or just plain silly. This album follows Tompkins' career choices from school to his life as a stand-up comedian and sometimes actor, with all of it tied together by Tompkins' intense fear of being yelled at. Perfectly organized and arranged, the set is very personal without being maudlin or dramatic, and of course, it's hilarious. Here's hoping he doesn't wait another three years to put out his next album. FIVE STARSDEMETRI MARTIN -->Standup ComedianMuch like his very obvious influences (Steven Wright and Mitch Hedberg), Martin's jokes come fast and loose and are based mostly on funny comparisons, puns, curious juxtapositions, and goofy over-analyzing/personification of common stuff. He rarely has any extended bits, preferring a rapid, conveyor-belt style of quipping. It serves him well. Most of his jokes work great, but when they don't, his style means the misfire isn't long remembered. Also, since he packs so many lpms (laughs per minute), his sets are almost always worth multiple replays, which is a huge plus for comedy albums. FIVE STARSKYLE KINANE -->Whiskey IcarusLike a lot of comedians, Kyle struggles with self-image, self-acceptance, and just plain old living in general. Most comedians try to churn that material into comedy gold, but it very easily can come across as desperate and sad. Not so here. Kyle's rugged delivery, well-spoken self-deprecation, and slippery insight into a misery that most people share makes the whole set seem like you're having a slightly buzzed chat with a philosopher who can't stand pretentiousness. He's a dark horse of a charmer with a wacky and invasive wit. FIVE STARSHANNIBAL BURESS -->My Name is Hannibal/ Animal FurnaceHannibal has a very casual, friendly delivery that is polished without seeming over-rehearsed. He's got a ton of charisma on the mike, and his jokes manage to mingle just the right amount of intelligence with an equal measure of absurdity. He reuses a few bits from one album to the next, but they're both still A-list material from beginning to end, and it all has a high replay factor. I'm looking forward to more from him in the future. FIVE STARSBRIAN REGAN -->All By MyselfStill one of my favorite comedians, Regan is known for both his squeaky-clean material as well as his exaggerated, almost cartoonish delivery. He's basically a giant kid, and the results are consistently funny. In an era where it's really tough to wring laughs out of a crowd without going blue, Regan stands out as an immediately likable, inoffensive presence that manages to hit killer bits off with impressive regularity. FIVE STARSCHRIS HARDWICK -->MandroidHelmsman of the popular Nerdist podcast, Chris Hardwick has an innate pleasantness and a personal dismissiveness that's endearing. His material has been very thoroughly refined and distilled so that it's sharp and on point but also conversational. At least two of these bits I've heard before on a Comedy Death Ray compilation that came out six years ago, though, so it's a bit sad he hasn't come up with all-new stuff in the rather long interval. When he gets overly self-aware, the set stalls a bit (both tracks about being a nerd fall flat for me), but otherwise it's light, enjoyable, and quickly paced stuff that goes down easily and with a lot of verve. FOUR STARSNATE BARGATZE -->Yelled At By a ClownI'd never heard of Nate before this album. His slow-as-chowder southern drawl and passive, teddy-bearish personality both work for and occasionally detract from his set. While his material never really hits belly buster territory, it's genuinely amusing stuff, but mostly when he's actually trying to do typical set-up/punchline type bits. When he tells stories, he makes the amateurish mistake of having a dry, unremarkable chunk of exposition preceding the actual funny parts. This is exacerbated by his meandering vocal style. (I wish more comedians would take their cues from Louis CK, who has the ability to tell a long, involved story, and somehow still have nearly every line of it contain some kind of joke or humor.) Not bad for what I'm assuming is a relative newbie, but also not as good as it seems like he has it in him to be. FOUR STARSDOUG BENSON -->Gateway DougI'll never give up on Doug Benson, but mainly because I think his podcast (Doug Loves Movies) is one of the most consistently enjoyable ones out there, and I'd say at this point he's given me three to four hundred hours of free entertainment just from that alone. I feel I owe the guy. That having been said, this is one of the weakest sets Doug has ever released. It doesn't have the honed strength of a batch of tried/tested/tightened material. Instead, it feels as gangly and loose as one of his podcasts, except without the guests there to riff with, Doug ends up sounding like he's just rambling stream-of-consciousness style through some random ideas. A few of the bits are winners ("No Smoking Rooms" & "Sober October" are my favorites) but overall the whole thing is pretty weak. He might want to reconsider his "release a new album every year" philosophy and work on building up an hour's worth of actual top notch material before laying down another album. THREE STARSMIKE LAWRENCE -->SadamantiumThis album was a shot in the dark for me; I'd never heard of Mike before nor knew anything about his style. Essentially, he is trying to be another one of those comedians who bases most of his material on self-deprecation, like Kinane higher up on this list. I've noticed more and more comedians attempting this shitck -- making themselves the butt of most of their jokes -- and while it can sometimes work (see Kinane), it more than often doesn't. It's a deceptively easy style to attempt, and unless you can add some unique pathos, creativity, insight, or character to your personal insults, it just comes across as lazy and uninspired. Unlike Kyle's gritty, trailer-park-ish delivery, Mike has a nasally, salivary twang to both his voice and his jokes. Some of it works ("Fallen Heroes") and some of it doesn't ("British Stuff"). It sounds overall like someone mingling old and new material at an open mike. Also, whereas Kinane, for instance, immolates himself with a sort of careless, lyrical abandon, Lawrence's stabs at himself seem closed off and forced. In other words, Kinane's personal digs are charming because they feel genuine and unique (and often weirdly poetic), whereas Lawrence's personal digs actually distance him from the listener. He seems to be using them for the sole purpose of getting the audience to like him, making it sound disingenuous. Funny in parts, but the whole thing just felt like pandering to me. THREE STARSMITCH FATEL --> Public Display of PerversionMitch has officially lost me. I used to love his work. Even if it was one note (he pretty much talks only about sex), he still managed to find a freshness in it, mostly because of his on-stage persona: he does his stand-up as if he has just sustained some kind of mild head trauma, with a hint of a peach inspediment to his voice that makes him sound stuck in a desperately horny, adolescent limbo. Obviously an affectation, the voice still worked perfect counterpoint with his pretty risque and self-deprecating humor. That has changed with this album. Although he still has that vocal affectation, the self-deprecation in his jokes is gone, and now he's bragging about how his relative success on the comedy circuit has lead to all manner of sexual conquests: dating models and the like. The effect is a turn-off. Taking his persona from needy underdog to self-congratulatory top dog only emphasizes how stale, tired, and insincere his overall shtick really is. TWO STARS
I only listened to the samples, but those decided me against ordering this product for my friends in North America to learn about my country.The text constantly switches from calling the country The Netherlands and Holland, which is very inaccurate as to the Dutch Holland is not a synonym to The Netherlands. The latter is the country, the former the name of two of the provinces.But what really incited me to write this review was a glaring mistake in the chapter about the Romans: Nijmegen is not situated in the province Brabant, but in Gelderland. And since the reader is Dutch (given away by his accent and his name) he should have known and corrected it.I'm afraid there will be many more inaccuracies in these recordings - probably due to the extreme shortening of the Dutch history. I recommend getting a good book.
The CD title "Music For Deep Sleep", led me to believe that it would help me fall asleep. The problem is that the relaxing sounds of gentle rains suddenly gets interrupted by extra loud thunders. I have three kids. None of us could fall asleep to this. We had to turn it off in order to fall asleep. Since he title is misleading, it deserves 1 star at the most.This CD does a better job in keeping you awake, as when you want to finish reading a book. So, it has a different use than I anticipated.If you want CD to help you fall asleep, I suggest "Rain for sleeping and relaxation: A calm steady rain". Nobody in my family objected to that CD when we were trying to fall asleep.
This is what I would play during my suicide because if I had to keep hearing this crap, that's what i would want to do!
El Guante is a very talented talented rapper out of the Minneapolis. His Albums "Haunted Studio Apartment" and "Conscious is not enough mixtape" are great. This album however is horrible. I don't know if he thought he was being creative or what, but half the tracks are just instrumentals with a few words added, and those tracks with lyrics are mainly of See more. The album should really be called See More Perspectives moves into El Guante's haunted studio apartment, Guante is only in a few of the tracks, or if he is in the track his voice is unrecognizable, I don't know which. In short this album is not worth the money, don't waste your time. If you haven't listen to Guante before though, definitely download his two albums mentioned above. The mixtape still might be free on his website.
her voice is nice, but her back up singers are not the best. her mix of styles of music leaves a lot to be desired
Bought this new cd and was bored by the third call. Not worth your time. The older cds were funnier. Its just by now, its boring and stale. He should have stayed retired.
I just listened to this EP. I must say it is QUITE obvious that these are fake pranks. The "victims" are the same lady and the male "victim" is Stu Jaimison's voice. Anyone who knows TTT well should have been able to spot this immediately. I hope the 6th installment (if there ever is one) has actual REAL pranks on it like the first 4 disks did. I'm extremely disappointed. It is obvious from beginning to end that these are not real pranks in any way, shape or form. How disappointing....
I  THOUGHT THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS FOR THIS WAS EXTREME, UNTIL I SAMPLED EVERY TRACK.  THE SPONTANEOUS QUALITY OF THE EARLIER CD'S IS MISSING HERE.  THE ENTHUSIASM IS GONE, AS WELL.  THE VOICES SOUND NOT AS DISTINCT AS BEFORE.  JUNKYARD WILLIE SOUNDS TOO INTELLIGENT AND MISSING THE ETHNIC SOUND, IT'S LIKE THE VOICE BOX ISN'T SET RIGHT.  SAME WITH JIM BOB.  I MUST AGREE WITH THE OTHER NEG REVIEWS, THAT THE WOMAN ON THE OTHER END OF THE PHONE (THE VICTIM) SOUNDS LIKE THE SAME LADY, WITH POSSIBLY THE EXCEPTION OF 1 TRACK.  I SAY PASS ON THIS ONE, EVEN IF YOU ARE A DIE HARD FAN. SHAME, CUZ I REALLY ENJOYED THE OLDER ALBUMS.
These are staged how many people know what the better business Bureau really is.  There is one woman he uses for almost all of them.  Can't believe he would stumpl this low for sales. Sound is way off too
Not up to AMZN standards at all--very poor performances and quality!! Had to delete several selections uponfirst hearing---disappointing to say the least.
I really wanted to like it, but I guess you get what you pay for.  The songs were  Ok, but I found myself reaching to change songs quite often.  The singing was rather plain and not very special.  I was expecting something  else I guess.
This CD could have used more Christmas music, and the recording quality seems poor. Also, the second song on the first track is NOT "We Three Kings" but rather "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen."
This is a rather depressing representative of Xmas music. But for those who like it, it's cheaper on iTunes. I'm not going to bother.
This is definitely a novelty item and would make a great gift for the right person.  Personally however, I find it would not be music I would play very often even at Christmas time.  One song struck me when he sang off key and then I realized that is just how he is.  Nott that good.  Basically you will find monotone singing attached to traditional Christmas songs, there is nothiing original about this music except the lyrics.
This album really sucks! They are almost all vocals? Where are the instrumentals for Karaoke? The few instrumental tracks are hard to follow...Really LAME. Confusing....An angry bird!#@
BEWARE!!!ALL of the MP3 Karaoke downloads that I have found so far on Amazon are just that: MP3 files.Thus, the ONLY thing that you get are the backing tracks - NOT the lyrics such as those that can be used in an actual Karaoke machine.So, color me disappointed.  Sadder, but wiser.Don't make the same mistake.
There are some good songs on here, but this album has too many socialistic themes, for my taste. If you are against socialism, I do not recommend this artist
If you're looking for a relaxing sleep aid as I was then forget this one.  In order to hear the rain the thunder is so loud it sounds more like bombs.
The album is really enjoyable. It's techno meets string quartet. It's great! To be clear, I have no issue with the music itself!! I really like it!The problem is Amazon's conversion to mp3.The problem is track #7 (Lieutenant Kiji (Troika)). It's mostly computer noise, as you can hear from the sample available.I sent Amazon several emails about it, all I got back was silence. So I guess, buyer beware when buying mp3's from Amazon. If the mp3 file is corrupted, too bad for you.
This has been around a while. Also, when I purchased this I wanted to use it as BG music for some YouTube videos, but it won't download properly so it's rather useless to me.  Wish I had a better experience to express.
Don't get me wrong, the loops sound good BUT they have been encoded so you can NOT edit them in any way.OK fair enough if you don't want your loops re-used, but may I ask what is the point of selling them in the first place if not to be re-used????? It's not like these are full length sound tracks from some famous movie I'd just like to listen to. THE WHOLE POINT to buying loops is to remix, rearrange and recreate something of ones own original flavor. No chance of that with these, the second you drop it into your editing software and make any change, half of the track instantly self deletes!If you just feel like listening to some 5 second loops then by all means buy this, but if you want to actually use the loops best go with Sony sound library, Blastwave, or somebody who gets it about what loops are for.Nothing personal to the seller. I would have returned this ages but got busy and forgot all about it.
I liked the 1st BREATHE meditation .... but, the flute music is high and shrill, and for me, the rattle (rattlesnake like) is unsettling.  The LOVE affirmations made my husband and I laugh out loud.  I bought this CD as a result of good reviews - and, because I tend to like Deepak Chopra and his philosophy of meditation for all and its' benefits.  Just won't use this CD, though.  : /
I must have been one of the unlucky ones that got a flawed CD. It skips like crazy. Also, the plastic CD case came apart when opening. Needless to say it wasn't a stress-free experience.
I find his work boring because of his voice I did not enjoy it and would not purchase anymore of his work, I donated the three I purchased
While the music is very calming, the voiceover completely unsettles the calm.The voice information should have been provided on a paper insert, an not over the music.I will never play this CD again.The title is correct, though, 'Stress Free With Deepak Chopra'... it is stress free, with Deepak voicing over and adding the stress.Consider that while entering a stress free mental state, that one's mind is not working to create words from emotion, nor interpret words into meaning.  The constant words draws the calm mind into un-calm, as the mind is called to interpret the meaning from the words.Deepak, if indeed that is your name, produce this CD with no voice over.
I was not happy with the amazon cloud player it did not download properly into it. I have it on my Ipad. It doesn't play!
The meditation CD skipped and in the middle stopped playing at the Love Meditation part of the CD.It was defective.  If there was nothing wrong with the CD I would have ordered more Deepak Chopra CD's.I ordered and enjoyed &#34;Super Brain&#34; compact discs as well as the book &#34;Ageless Body, Timeless Mind.Eileen
Now that open window season has started here in central Florida we are finding our sleep getting disturbed by unpleasant noises. I decided to purchase this Mp3 for my iPod so we could listen on a continuous loop all night, white noise! At first it was nice but then the claps of thunder became louder to the point of disturbing! No one could sleep or meditate to that! Soft thunder is pleasant not cracking bursts! Not a good choice at all.
Starts off with some thunderstorm sounds with fire then moves into a repetitiousness factory sound background- should be called fireplace next to a meat rendering plant with thunder.
Thought this would be by Hillbilly Gypsies -  dont think it is. music not similar. not same group as album one foot in gravy by hillbilly gypsies
I missed this song the first time it came around (1984?). It really should have stayed lost and forgotten. Buried deep in a crate in a warehouse, or under a pyramid, guarded by curses and snakes. I think just by listening to the sample MP3 I accidentally unleashed an evil upon the world, like a plague of locusts...
Overall this is a good recording and is similar to others of its kind. Based on that, I would have given it 4 stars. I only gave it a 1 star rating however, because for the last 10 seconds of the recording there is a commercial telling you to go to a website if you enjoyed this recording. Do I actually need to hear that every time I play this? I think not. I will not be buying anything from these people until I know for sure that the commercial is not included. I have deleted this purchase from my library. Fortunately I only wasted $.99.
this was not what I expected it to be at all. It sounds horrible is nothing relaxing about that in anyway or form.it's only cost me a dollar if it were any more of those want my money back
I would have given it no star if I could, this Mp3 is one of the worst hypnosis Mp3's Ive ever purchased. I shows that it has different parts to it but only one track that is 18 minutes is all this have..... Look somewhere else for a better CD is my opinion.
I got this because its supposed to be a classic but this book is so out dated it loses a lot of credibility.  Many of the examples or stories drag on waaaaaay to long.
No music here... eight bucks down the drain and not a lick of music to show for it. This sucks Amazon.
Dieses Buch gibt es mit den gleichen Fehlern (alle &szlig;, auch die nach langen Vokalen, wurden durch ss ersetzt) kostenlos im MobilRead-Forum.
Boring as this was like a novel read to put one to sleep.  Very dissapointed but hey didn't pay much - but still - don't waste your time.
I really can't rate this CD as it was brand new, in a cellophane sealed package that I opened, but there was NOTHING recorded on the CD; it was empty. I will be returning the cassette for credit back on my credit card....was very disappointed....I really wanted MORE of John's humor!
If your a reverent fan you will hate this song with the passion of a million suns.I suppose it does have value as humor but I just hate it...would like some legitimate lyrics that go with these themes though.
I am extremely disappointed that I can not purchase this on a CD.  What are they thinking... how can I do yoga with an MP3 plugged into my ear!  Shame on you...
This is the adult version of Kids Pop.  None of the songs are by the original artists and the music is cheesy.  Don't waste your money.
This is nothing more than a series of appearances on the Bob and Tom show.  It is at best lame, at worst incoherent.  It is false to advertise a CD as MONOLOGUES when it is anything but that.  Costaki should be ashamed of this crass attempt to package something which required no effort other than to wake up in the morning and dial into a radio show.  A complete waste of money.
I feel like I've robbed this artist by previewing the tracks here. What a complex and mind boggling narrative. I feel strongly compelled to lift a finger to free Atticus from the oppression of that the co-efficient of drag of that deviated nose!
I've been a fan for years.  I've paid and seen you live numerous times but this is just awful.  I am not sure when this started, it started at various points with various people for you but lately what is the deal?  First the God awful Cho Show and now this?  Beautiful was funny in moments but already seems really dated because of its slapstick politics.  I actually appreciate the political and comedic hand holding unlike others but Im just not into this.  There is nothing really funny about this album.  There isnt even any real MUSICAL talent in this album, in spite of the big name musicians who appear on the songs (some of which I adore and respect! ie: Ani Difranco).  So far we have The Cho Show which was just not that funny and now this which isnt humourous at all. I really want to like you and respect your work but there has to be a steady stream of quality in your work before someone finally just says "I've had enough".  Dont worry, I feel the same way about Tori Amos and Janet Jackson.  I just cant bring myself to spend money on them anymore.  Please don't fall into this catagory. Thank God for Rhapsody so I diddnt have to pay for it... Margaret, get your stuff together.  This album is garbage.
I'd give this no stars if I could, but since I HAD to rank it...an undeserved one star. Frankly, an album of dogs farting would be ranked above this one. Yes, it really is that bad.Who told this woman she could sing? Her voice is mediocre, at best. It's not good music and it's not good satire. It's crap.Her career is just one step above Charlie Sheen. It's doubtful it can get much worse, but I guess she hasn't quite scraped the bottom of the sludge pit yet, although there are definitely several musical turds missing.
Complete waste of time and money. Save your money and visit a real hypnotherapist. Did nothing at all for me.
Not good!  Over an hour long and only about 5 minutes about smoking.  Just stupid stories about washing cars and brothers.
What more can I say? The original was a fabulous, Caribbean-drenched slice of new wave. This isn't it, and it's not even close enough to be acceptable. Keep searching.
This song hasn't been officially available since it was on a compilation of 1980s songs many years ago. I don't recall it ever being on any other album or compilation since that one went out of print. It's disappointing to hear that this MP3 release isn't the original version that was a hit back in the 1980s.
10bucks for 7 tracks? Please don't waste your money on the ABQ joke of a band. Man i wish RAM still made music.
I was hoping for a good recording, but sadly, this is yet ANOTHER recording where they took the same 8-second wind track, repeated it throughout the recording, and added some chirping and cheeping sounds on top of it.  Listen to the sample, before buying.Note:  This product appears under more than one product name, with multiple advertisements..but fortunately, a buyer provided the same warning on the other ad.Bottom Line:  Listen before you buy!!!
I don't know what it is, but this CD totally creeped me out. I do not recommend it  for any reason unless you intend on scaring someone.
I didn't like this one.  Sounds were irritating and I had a hard time relaxing and falling asleep. I would not recommend this.
I bought the entire sound track  and the birds and criiters are quite pleasant, but it only works for 30 seconds. Really disappointed.
This is as far from relaxing as you can get. It is a loud blur of thousands not the quiet evening chirping of a few.
Doug Benson releases a lot of material, but it is all very similar and none of it is very funny or novel.  It is the usual lazy humor about pot, etc. Try Mulaney, Burress, Bargatze or barry instead.
this is just terrible - I really wanted to like it, but it's just unbearable noise.  I really wish it we're just a little bit better - or catchy - just anything.
I have been a fan of Stan Freberg's since I was a kid. Of course, I was thrilled with this when it came out. I bought it, listened and thought " This...is...terrible!" I gave it a few more listens then gave the cd away. While Mr. Freberg is still active and can be funny, this CD is not proof of that, even to his long time fans. A huge disapointment!! Want to hear something better, get the early Freberg albums, get the "History of the U.S.A Vol 1 and 2" ANYTHING but this dreck!!
I really hate to have to say this, but it is time for Mr. Freberg to hang up his microphone. When I am 84, the last thing on MY mind, would be doing records.Mind you, Stan is a very funny guy, and still a delight to listen to. That being said however, I cannot help but feel that he was pushed into doing this.Don't ask his two children how they feel about it. Nothing more needs to be said.
Weird magic creatures that don't help me fall asleep.  I wish the samples would play something in the middle of the meditations and not just the beginning where you are just practicing breathing techniques.  Customers would know better what they are paying for.
Before I give my review, let me first say that I am a fan of Orla. She was one of my favorite performers from Celtic Woman, and I was disappointed that I never got to hear her perform live with them. I love her album "The Water Is Wide", and her album "Distant Shore" has slowly grown on me over the past two years. She is a very talented woman, and I love the sound of her harp and of her mysterious, Enya-like voice.That being said, this album was a severe let-down for me. Orla is one of those singers who puts such passion into what she sings so that you can almost see her smiling as she sings; on this album, she doesn't do that; she sounds surprisingly dry and lifeless, which is very rare for her. Her musical arrangements are nothing truly memorable, and they all alternate from her wanting to sound like Moya Brennan or like she is still a member of Celtic Woman. She has two harp songs on here, but neither of them particularly fit into the theme of winter or Christmas. The only song that stood out for me was "Bells of Christmas," which is absolutely gorgeous.I was disappointed severely in this album. Given Orla's high standards, I expected so much more from a lady as talented as she.
When Orla was with Celtic Woman (and before), she had an incredible, rich, haunting voice. Since she's gone out on her own, she sings like a 6 year old girl. At times there's a trace of the adult voice but not often. And she now rarely plays her harp, preferring more percussion. That's a pity, too.
Don't waste your money.  There are so many better versions of these songs.  The Heat Miser/Snow Miser song that he does sounds like crap, and if you were hoping to hear the version from the Christmas special (as I was), you'll be very disappointed.
I am VERY PISSED to buy what I already bought, it is a re duplication of Music Birds Love: While You Are Gone, all songs created by Bradley Joseph.  The worst is that this music collection does not credit the musician but says Pet Music Artists?  It appears customers are being duped over copyright and profit issues.
I regret purchasing this, it is not &#34;smooth&#34;, there are &#34;surges&#34; that having a looping pattern to them.  i find that very distracting when i'm trying to sleep.  background office noise, fine.  but if you are trying to sleep it's annoying.
I dislike giving bad reviews, but this guided meditation was strangely unpleasant...or amusing...I'm not sure which.  I'm definitely not a prude, but I don't expect self-improvement or meditation recordings to lean toward the erotic. This recording has you touching your precious body all over and titillating your hair, among other things.  If you like the sound of that, check this recording out--if not, steer clear.
Songs were not downloaded to my kindle fire. Great price but no reward or substance. Was I wrong in the purchaseOr will I receive it
Good songs but it is misleading to call them Karaoke version. They are just songs with or without lead vocal; no lyrics is shown on the screen. Don't buy if you want to sing along while seeing lyrics displayed on the screen.
I'm not horribly picky about Christmas music since it's all basically the same, but I appreciate a good arrangement and a memorable execution, and these tracks are neither.Michael McDonald is the most tolerable, I admit, but only just. Doobie Brother or not, his reggae-flavored rendition of O Come Emmanuel feels whitebread stale and muzak-ready. The Wexford Carol, a lovely old Irish melody, starts off light, cheerful and Celtic, but falls flat on its face with McDonald's heavily reverbed R&B; vocals. If you want just a hint of World Music Christmas flare without the mess of actual multi-ethnic musicians, this might be your best bet.Current Status: DeletedDon't get me wrong, I love Neil Sedaka when he's crying about breakups, but his wheedling voice and bland, high school songbook arrangements don't hold water (snow?) when there's 20 other artists singing them without a karaoke machine behind them. There are some fun old Christmas records full of forgotten artists out there in a thrift store that are well worth the listen, but with these songs, breaking up isn't hard to do.Current status: DeletedAs for the Irish Tenors, if you like the Irish Tenors, you know what you're in for. There's nothing particularly bad about these tracks, but I wouldn't wrap presents or trim the tree to them. Slow, over-produced and fairly unimaginative, I'll leave these guys to their PBS Specials.Current Status: Deleted
Amazon,I love your free music, especially the samplers.As others have stated I keep my expectations low and if or when  the sampler hides a gold nugget I'm elated.This sampler however:  WOW!!!! Irish Tenors, Sedaka, McDonald classic songs performed by proven artists, how bad can it be? So, armed with low expectations (holiday music is like pizza, never truly bad right?) I added it to iTunes and gave it a listen:  Immediately deleted it! Apparently holiday music does NOT follow the pizza rule.
This album promises much and delivers little.  I was hoping it would be the original songs from the soundtracks, but they are simply redone with an orchestra and a very hacky, thrown together method.  If you have a passing familiarity with the music, it is fine, I suppose.  But my standards are a bit higher, and I love soundtrack music.  I hated it, but unfortunately, a lot of this music is hard to find anywhere else.
Ya know what, amazon? I have learned to appreciate the feature of being able to listen to a sample of the music before buying it!!!
I have nothing good to say about the reader of this book.  I would be surprised if he has a good reputation for reading the works of Twain.  In my opinion, he doesn't understand the literary voice of Twain and does not read Twain's words in the way that Twain would have said them.  One good example is that when Twain is speaking wryly, the reader does not put the necessary emphasis on particular words that make it clear that Twain is joking or trying to be funny.  This kind of knowledge of how to emphasize words is what made Hal Holbrook so famous in his renditions of Twain.  I agree that Twain's persona is not easy to pull off, but a reader that has some knowledge of Twain's literature would be nice.Skip this audio version.  You will just have to read the book, in this case.
I'll admit that I downloaded this just because it was free.  The track is pretty generic and not even in a good way.  Holy roller territory if you like that stuff lyrically.  Not overwhelmingly so but there is no spark, magic or unique anything that makes me say yeah you HAVE to download this.  If I was in a store and this was playing on the PA I would be counting the seconds until the music changed.
Oh, wow, somebody that hates on ICP. How original. Let me just take a quick survey here. How many people have heard of the guys that did this song? I am willing to guess that the total number is pretty much nobody. Now let's compare that number to the total of all the 'los and 'lettes in the world: THOUSANDS UPON THOUSANDS!!! But hey guys, if it makes you happy, go right ahead and dis us. Just remember, long after you guys are complete no ones, the Juggalos will still be going strong, because we aren't just fans of the music, we are a family. And no amount of petty hate will break us apart.
I would not advise getting this version of the song. I love the theme song to Christmas Vacation and this is a hallow imitation. The singer does not sound anything like the singer from the movie. I thought this was the original recording. I have been searching for the song for years. Sadly it is not. I want my $.99 back!!!
This is just a bunch of Christmas songs that have nothing to do with GLEE.  This is a shameless scam, and is insulting to the spirit of Christmas.
If you want to injure your ears, by all means download this assault upon your hearing.  The "artist" has a weak, reedy voice and he could probably carry a bucket of water better than he can carry a tune.Really a piece fo TRASH!I gave it one star because there is no option for zero stars.
I just want to say that my little brother got into my Amazon account (I forgot to log off) and he looked up/found this piece of trash. And, I'm pretty sure that he probably listened to the "free samples" of ALL 30 TRACKS.That is a seriously horrific thought-- Especially, when you realize that any young kid can listen to samples of this kind of crap.There should be some sort of password re- verification (like there is when you make a purchase) that one has to go through before they can access anything "adult" related.I don't even want to listen to this kind of crap. blah.
This cd is not what I wanted I wanted the Christmas cannon song like I hear on radio it was not it at all they sing some on radio no singing in this song so very disappointed
This wasn't at all what I expected....very disappointed ...wanted to surprise my granddaughter....it contained music only...returning it!!!! Want the real Christmas canon with words!!!!
Who knows how good it is. I could not get it, unless i went to the cloud which was not what I thought i agreed to
I searched for Trans Siberian Orchestra music.  This was in the list so I assumed it was the TSO version of the Christmas Canon.  Wrong!!! A piano and violin doing short instrumental versions of numerous Christmas songs.  Terribly disappointing.  Now it's just an expensive coaster.
I got a kindle for Christmas so I decided I wanted to purchase some of the greatest Christmas music out there and I searched for  Trans Siberian Orchestra. I read the first few titles and this album cover showed Christmas Canon and had a song titled the same So I bought it. It IS NOT Trans Siberian, it is just a collection of instrumentals! I ended up going back and searched again and found what I wanted as a single.  I know its my fault for not reading closer before I bought but I did a SPECIFIC search and didnt think just any old garbage would come up.
The philosophy put forth in this audio CD is not for everyone...in fact...I believe the ideas Mr. Nightingale speaks of  excludes millions of people who, by circumstances, cannot use his well intended suggestions.
This is some crappy pop artist. This is not the electronic Justice I was expecting. Amazon has it grouped with Justice albums.
This was ordered for my nephew and I sent it to him. It doesn't appeal to so I ask him and he said he enjoyed it.
Ive found this kid annoying from the start. He signing ability is awful so he trys at this obnoxious loud yelling that i dont see how anyone could get into. If it wasnt for him being transgendered I dont think he'd have half the fame he has. If you're looking for a GOOD transgendered artist try Alex Davis.
I found this program to not be helpful. I played and replayed this session and was unable to get to sleep. I am not impressed with this program.
Thought this might be fun to listen to on a road trip so that i had something different to listen to - uh boring - wasted download and cost - although cheap - I don't advise this one.
A friend recently played some G&O; for me.  I tried.  I really did.  I even explored more of their stuff elsewhere on the net.  I just don't get it.  I don't find them funny.  Their songs aren't catchy.  They seem to get by on their looks and the alternative comedy scene's all-inclusiveness.  Listen, everyone should have a chance.  Everyone should be allowed to express themselves.  But when it comes to entertainment it's OK to ask that it actually be entertaining.Sorry. Not for me.  I prefer my humor to contain actual comedy.
Seriously, if you buy this or think it is funny in the slightest - you have no music or humor standards whatsoever. Plus it doesn't help that the guy is a known rape promoter. I suggest checking out OnisionTheLiar.com for more info on why you shouldn't give this idiot a dime, let alone a dollar.
These are garbage covers. My fault for falling for this one. I should have known that the price was too good to be true.
So, um... Natasha Leggero. I first seen her on ChickComedy channel on Youtube after stumbling into her Hip-Hop bit. Anyway, suffice to say the chick has much much of the same jokes from that era, she isnt really even funny. You would already know this if you seen her performance on Last Comic Standing (how she got in the judging seat I will never know, as many of the comics on the show had much more comedic talent than she does).Anyway, the album sucks. Save you're money, her voice caricatures and inflections suck and many points become annoying. The jokes are under-delivered or the punchlines arent too great. Meh. Save the cash just wait for it to air on TV again.
This session was really relaxing, but it stopped halfway. At about 20 minutes, the hypnotherapist tells she will be quiet for some minutes, and then the mp3 ends, and the listener has to get out of hypnosis him/herself. The session only talks you into a relaxing state, but does not have any words on how to overcome IBS. I would have loved it if this session would have been a complete one.
The first story &#34;The Case Of The Roving Corpse&#34; is missing at least one part. The announcer says to &#34;tune in next week for part Four&#34; but there are only two parts in the collection. The worst thing you can do with a mystery is to leave out the ending making the mystery a complete mystery!Also the story &#34;Rendezvous With Death&#34; is actually a shortened version of &#34;Death On The Nile&#34; which is not the fault of the seller. It's what the broadcasting company renamed the episode when it was produced.Additionally, Harold Huber may not be the actor playing Hercule in every episode since the voices are not the same in all stories and there isn't always a mention of who the actors were.Since some of these episodes are available for free in various internet Old Time Radio sites you might want to check them out before spending your money on this set.
i'll never buy audio this way ever again, because the audio couldn't be downloaded.Others may have had a different experience.
When looking for this item, amazon directed me to an on-line down load page where I mistakenly pressed the order button.  There is no way to cancel orders for downloads (as far as I can tell).  I just wanted a CD but have been charged $8.99 for the privelege of playing this on-line which is not practical.
Lee Fields should stick with the arrangements and instrumentation that he knows.  This album is a poorly executed attempt at updating Mr. Fields sound to something more like modern R&B; and it fails miserably.  There's not a single song that is memorable and Mr. Fields' vocals sound terribly out of place.  The lyrics are trite.  The music is a horrible panache of differing styles and even the addition of some real keyboards and wah guitar on the last few songs can't elevate this album out of the morass of crapitude it exists in.Prior to hearing this album, I would have said that I love Mr. Fields' work; now I have to say that I love most of his work.  This album is terrible and will get absolutely no more listening time from me; once was enough.(I even removed it from my iTunes immediately after my post-rip listening session.)
There must be a technical glitch there is a horrible noise right in the middle of the relaxation part. I almost had a heart attack. Please fix this. I got no response when I asked for help.
I'm sure some like this song, it wasn't for me. My son is into sonic the hedgehog and music so i thought this was something we would be interested in,,,ooops
I know these are incomplete. I'm disappointed . I have deleted the tapes and will look else ware for the tapes
This book is absolutely unlistenable.  It appears to be "read" by a non-human.  The voice almost certainly a digitally produced replica.  Unless you like listening to a being who's INCAPABLE of recovery because he is devoid of a soul altogether, avoid this at all costs.
Don't waste your money. Semi-professional recording. To much and sometimes to fast talking without pauses. Strong English accent, etc etc etc
I love me some Gabby Bernstein, but I just bought a MP3 of the asking meditation to try it out and she literally said one sentence and then it was just music for the next 5 minutes.  Try some guided meditations on YouTube.  They're much more effective.  But, her book is DA BOMB.com.  Thanks for reading.  I love you Gabby --- but customers don't waste your money.
Might have  been nice to have the phrases translated after they were spoken. Not worth the money nor the time.
This version is not the same for two reasons.  It is only six songs out of 10 or so on the original as the title says if you bother to read the parens.  Some really great songs missing!  Also, to make matters worst, part of what made this album one of the best selling comedy albums of its day was the venue -- some kind of party with lots of cognoscenti (i.e., Jews from Brooklyn and ladies of Hadassah) who laughed and laughed and laughed some more.  It is really a sham for Amazon to sell this product with the same name and cover as the original.  I have not written a review of any kind for about 3 years, so congrats Amazon, you got me going with this on.  Not Allan's best.  Incomplete.  Not the original.
Incredibly bad recording (worse than my old vinyl) made this intolerable to listen to. The fact that there were only 6 songs on it makes it a ripoff!!
I grew up listening to this actual vinyl album at my Grandparents house. When they passed, I inherited the album. It is the only version I have ever heard. Therefore when I got this CD in the mail yesterday (after years of looking for it) I was super thrilled. The first thing I realized was that it is missing several tracks from the album (including 2 of my favorites). And yes, I now see that next to the title it says six songs, and they are making their own compilations (as I also now see in the description "CD-R Note: This product is manufactured on demand when ordered from Amazon.com".) So basically, they are burning their own CD's as they are ordered. I really do not care that they are producing them, but please do not put an album cover on the product that NONE of the versions are from. It is misleading. I am 100% positive these are not the versions from the original album. Sarah Jackman's phone number on the original album is 418-9749. On this version it is 418-2792. Not that I am saying these versions aren't funny, just that I wanted the original versions from the original album. It looks like I am going to wind up converting a few of my Grandparents albums (Pat Cooper, Lou Monte, etc.) that you cannot get on CD myself. If you are not concerned with having the exact album versions, then this is fine. He is funny no matter what, but I was looking for the CD version of the ORIGINAL album.
This album is exactly the same as 'Ella Wishes You A Swinging Christmas' except it is mono, it is missing 2 songs, it is missing a minute from 'What Are You Doing New Year's Eve' and it costs more.  DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM!  It is a rip-off.  Buy 'Ella Wishes You A Swinging Christmas' which is excellent, in stereo and sounds much better than this supposedly re-mastered rip-off!
This is really stupid. I thought it would be funny. But it is just a waste. Don't waste your time like I did.
Like the original song but the sound quality is terrible for this version. Sounds like it was recorded directly from a car radio.
One of the worst comedy cds I've ever heard and I've listened to too many to count. I listened through the whole thing and hated it. Would not recommend it to anyone. If you one a funny comedy cd, do yourself a favor and listen to John Mulaney or Mike Birbiglia instead.
I read the positive reviews and noticed the names of famous singers, so I eagerly downloaded this album last year. I grew up with Perry and Bing, and really enjoy the classics!  However, I have tried to listen to it several times but have been very disappointed. I've never even heard of a good third of these &#34;Greatest&#34; songs or their performers -- this album must have been put together in the UK?Many of the songs sound like they've been thrown together on a synthesizer. The recordings of Judy Garland, Bing Crosby, etc are fuzzy.  Listening to this album is like being trapped on hold or stuck in an elevator. It doesn't even make good background music because the songs zigzag back and forth between harsh, irritating and blaring synthesizer and muted, crackly old recordings.I strongly urge you to consider other albums before downloading this one!
Anyone know where these "poems" came from?...Not in any of her works I have!...Maybe Ted Hughes' achives!?..lol..Unfortunately,she sounds like he does here!...If you listen to each one,they all sound the same--as does her voice reading them!..."Daddy" should be here!...If you want to experience the "real Sylvia" to the max,read this poem,then listen to her read it on YouTube!...I guess from a historical perspective,having her read these is a good concept,but they all seem flat,and she reads them all the same,making me wonder why it took til now to release this as she's been dead since 1963!
I give this mp3 album one star, because it won't download completely. I purchased 4 Sparkpeople mp3 albums and had the same trouble with all of them. I also spent time on the phone with Amazon technician to work on this issue. All the songs are in the amazon cloud and player, but are not downloaded into iTunes so I can put them in my iPod to have to workout and listen to them. Boo Hoo Amazon. Sure wish we could have fixed this problem. But nothing worked.6/4/2013 EDIT: After many many tries, I was never able to download ALL the songs (from each of the 4 SP cd's I purchased and reviewed previously) to iTunes even with Tech Support, and ended up with many duplicate songs on my iTunes and iPod which required much time to find and delete the duplicates. However, I was able to download the entire SP cd onto my android phone, all the songs are excellent to work out to. I just have to decide whether to take my phone, or my iPod, or both to the gym. Sound quality and volume is very good on my phone using earbuds for these heart pumping jamming songs. I REALLY LIKE THE WORKOUT MUSIC, TIME GOES BY FAST WHEN DOING CARDIO!!
My group didn't enjoy this. I was expecting more well know artists. I would like to be able to hear music before I purchase.
Anyone looking for Conway's original Merry Twismas album featuring the original voice of Twitty Bird (replicated by his granddaughter for the repackaged A Twismas Story) will find it here, but be warned: the vinyl rip is hissy, and each track fades out, interrupting the &#34;conceptual&#34; flow of the album (and you have to restore the tracks to their original running order yourself). You're better off obtaining a clean copy of the LP and having it digitized on decent equipment.
Lame album...  Dumb Songs!
I downloaded this album, expecting it to be a sequel to Bob Seger's utterly delightful album, "Night Moves". What I found was not the dulcet tones of Mr. Seger, but recordings of phone conversations between two guys. Now, I enjoy a good phone pranking as much as the next guy, but these were no Jerky Boys. There were none of the colorful and accurate impressions of typical New York citizens, such as the nebbish Jew, the guido, and various immigrants with broken English. Instead, this album was nothing but ribald banter between two artistically-challenged kids. I'm not sure if this is what passes for funny these days, but it ain't no "According to Jim"!
20 words huh?  I was not thrilled with the free application that I had downloaded onto my kindle fire HD.  However, being that I did not have to pay for it, no lose, no gain.  Thank you for trying.
CD obviously made from tapes/cassettes.  Part 1 plays for some time and then is interupted with the beginning of part 2.  After a bit the recording picks up with Part 1 where it was interrupted and then goes back to play the end of part 2.  I sent back the first CD and requested a replacement which was received timely.  But it is the same as the first.  I would like to have a GOOD (sequential) recording (CD),not just another of the faulty recordings.
I've studied and practiced qi gong and hypnotherapy for about ten years now and always look into continuing education. I decided to buy this mp3 download because of Dean Evanson name on the label since I like some of his music. But as soon as I started listening I was totally put off by the cave echo sound effect and oversimplistic and amateur female narration of guided meditation.  Those completely new to reiki or any sort of energy healing might actually find this recording helpful.
Don't waste your money.  The CD is about ten minutes long and really had nothing of the Clarence Clemons playing ability that I'm used to.  I contacted Amazon for how to return it and they very graciously refunded my money.
I had to fight with it for all the songs to download. The kids didn't care too much for it and thr Rudolph yhe red nised reindeer does not start out right.
I cannot believe that Amazon would actually sell this song on its site. It is bad enough that someone chose to write a hateful, homophobic song and sell it guised as a children's song, but it's worse that Amazon would actually make it available for purchase. This song does nothing but teach children to hate based on differences, and I hope that no one gives this purported "band" any recognition.
I order this by mistake, I thought it was a CD. I have not listened to it, and I have no way to listen to it.
These are ridiculously bad amateurish arrangements, played on an organ producing fake instrument sounds.  Bill Skees' website says: "Bill's recordings are made using: Rodgers 340 Theatre Organ, jOrgan software with Kent Allman's Symphonic IV (or other) soundfont, Finale music notation software."  I have never heard theatre organ sound so bad.  Bill Skees clearly does not value beauty in music.  But I'll bet he's great at ball games.
I thought when I listened to the samples from this album that the awful background sound on them must be some anomaly with the player, as obviously something that sounded that bad wouldn't be for sale. WRONG. There is a background noise that I can only describe as somewhat like a helicopter...totally unlistenable. This applies to each of the first 5 I tried to listen to once I downloaded the album. I can't say it applies to every single one - I AM TOO ANNOYED TO TRY THEM ALL. Amazon really needs to remove this item from the catalog, its quality is so poor.
This audio book is read by a computer.  The voice lacks proper pauses and inflection for an enjoyable listen.Within the first chapter, the computer literally reads "semi-colon."I emailed Amazon days later, and got my money back.
I hated how they made this audio book. It sounded lke a computer was talking. Everytime an ! came up it would say ! or every time the book had a ? it would say the word question mark after the sentence. I hated it and feel like I lost out on my money.
It was great to see the Smothers Brothers albums available for download. I'd been collecting them on vinyl and hadn't gotten around to transferring them all to digital form. I figured while the downloads would cost more, they'd save me the time and effort of converting them.I was wrong. Though I spent $10 on this album, the sound quality is so bad that my yard sale vinyl album, with its hiss and pops and scratches, sounds way better than this. This recording sounds muddy and distant. There is no treble. This is a shameful effort.In terms of their performance, this is probably the best of the Smothers' albums: The Fox, Daniel Boone, My Old Man, John Henry--I giggle just thinking about them. But the recording quality is not worthy of them. If they'd like to borrow my LP to remaster this, I'd be happy to lend it.At the same time, I also picked up The Smothers Brothers' "Mom Always Liked You Best" album for download. And though there is hiss and crackle, as if the mp3 version was mastered from someone's vinyl LP, It sounds much better.
I was so excited that someone had finally re-released 'The Meaning of Christmas'. However, I was extremely disappointed that they edited it. They ruined it! The meaning of Christmas is not fully in the recording! They cut out some of Mr. Waring's scripted reading - the best part of the whole album! We, (all of us kids of the 50's and 60's) all love this album, because it was so very different and gave you such a fuller sense of the season. (In other words, it's not all about Santa Claus.) But they chopped it up into little pieces. It should have been done as a two CD album, giving us the full, wonderful, hot wax album we all adored as kids. DON'T BUY THIS ALBUM!
The recordings are not as listed. &#34;Doctor's Dilemma&#34; and &#34;Death and Company&#34; are the same programs, and both titles are incorrect. The actual program is &#34;Sam and Psyche.&#34; The program &#34;Life Can Be Murder&#34; is not a Sam Spade program, it is a Philip Marlowe episode. The two programs labeled &#34;Adventures of Sam Spade&#34; are Spade episodes titled &#34;Sure Thing&#34; and &#34;Farmer's Daughter.&#34; The sound on most of the programs is not good. There are better quality recordings being offered on Amazon.
This is not what you think it is.  It's just humming.  No singing.  If that's what you want great...but don't purchase if you actually want words.
The company just recycled the same track and stuck a huge variety of titles on it to ensure they would profit from people seeking help for just about every condition-- for the same track. So, don't expect the track to be tailor-made for your condition, as the company advertises.
I can not say anything negative about the teachings covered in this audio. But the fact that this was not a professional recorded lecture, It has elements that take away concentration on the subject being discussed.  Sometimes in the middle of the teaching a translator could be heard attempting to translate what the Lama was saying.  It was a really bad recording.  I wish they could clean up the audio and reformat the structure of the seminar.Teachings, ***** (5stars)  Audio * (1 star)
The Wives singing, music arrangements, and harmonies are excellent as always but they need to get a new recording studio that has a sober mixing engineer and better equipment. Half of the tracks have muddy bass that has the lower frequencies boosted way, way too high. I was very disappointed with the quality of this CD.
This is more of a rap album than anything else. I had expected more information on self-motivation rather than dance music.
I was intrigued by the title of this CD, but I know enough about jazz age and swing era music to know that most of these recordings are not from the 1920's.  This is a ploy to sell people who are fans of Boardwalk Empire a Christmas CD.  If the recordings were actually from the Boardwalk Empire era, the recording quality would be so poor that most people would not listen to it.  Here is what is wrong with this CD:Glenn Miller didn't form his own band until 1938 and had a hit with Jingle Bells in 1941.Bob Crosby didn't lead his first band until 1935.The Sauter-Finnegan Orchestra didn't begin recording together until 1952.  NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE 1920's.Firehouse Five Plus Two - another 1950's band.The Andrews Sisters didn't get picked up until 1932, when they began touring with Larry Rich.Dorothy Collins wasn't even born until 1926.  I doubt she was belting this out at age three to make the cutoff for this decade.The first recording of Santa Claus is Coming to Town wasn't until 1934.Let It Snow wasn't written until 1945.Kay Kyser was in college at UNC until 1928, and went on tour and recording a few songs that, according to his website, "went nowhere."  I doubt that this is one of those few recordings from the last 1920's"Silver Bells" was first performed by Bob Hope and Marilyn Maxwell in the motion picture The Lemon Drop Kid, filmed in July-August 1950 and released in March 1951.Tommy Dorsey didn't form his own band until 1935.Louis Prima didn't begin recording until 1933.I don't even know if I can address how egregious the inclusion of Lawrence Welk is on this compilation.Spike Jones and his City Slickers didn't begin recording until 1941.This CD is insulting to the people who enjoy and care about 1920's music, and the music from the other decades represented here, for that matter.  Each decade has its own distinct sound, just like the 60's, 70's, and 80's.  It's too bad most of these artists are no longer alive to enforce their intellectual property rights and sue the producers of this CD for false advertising.
Boardwalk Empire is set in the early 20s, and this deceptively titled album has little to do with that music.  Smells like opportunism to me. If you are looking for music of the 1920s, I'd suggest walking away from this collection of quite obviously later music. This kind of marketing tie-in frustrates the buyers and confuses the public.  Shame.
Slapping the name "Boardwalk Empire" on something and calling it 1920's just because its old may trick some people and allow you to make a quick holiday buck but its false advertising.
I put Celtic Thunder's Christmas CD/DVD in the search box.  Along with the real thing this CD came up.  Contrary to what the description says this CD is not by the group Celtic Thunder (which features Ryan, George, Neil, Keith, Emmett & Colm).  Would hate for anyone to order it & be disappointed.
I thought...rain and wind chimes...should be nice and soothing...WRONG!! I ordered this to help with my sleep,but was worried that the chimes may be a little too loud at times. Well it wasn't the the chimes...it was the rumbling noises...not thunder, but annoying rumbling sounds (NOISE!). Every couple of seconds you get the same RUMBLING NOISE pattern...OVER AND OVER AGAIN!!  It did not help me with my sleep, but it did help to ANNOY me enough to write this review. DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU WANT HELP WITH SLEEP...IT'S TERRIBLE!!
So I heard from a lot of people that this cd is Rich Vos' best work. I had seen his tv specials and really enjoyed them but this cd is garbage. There was a couple of chuckle moments but other than that don't expect much from this cd. Save your money.
This album has hilarious comedic value, and should be considered as such. For anyone actually considering getting an album of interesting remixed dubstep christmas carols, I should warn you that this is quite possibly the worst music I have ever heard.Have fun!
I'm usually pretty forgiving when it comes to people's performances, as I know it takes a lot of guts to put your art out there for everyone to judge, but the vocals on this album really are sub-par. The remixes that don't have vocals are pretty good, but every 'christmasy' song is ruined. I can't even get comedic value out of this, and really wish I could uninstall it from my brain.
I own the book, one of my favorite, unfortunately this audio is very scratchy and muffled.:(I wish there was a better recording
Well, I bought this for a car trip with the kids and was disappointed. It was read by a computer voice with a faint English accent.  It was very hard for me to understand, and impossible for the kids. When there was a comma in the text, the voice actually said "comma".Use your money on something else.
worst on amazon, in fact, and is that supposed to be the SGT. Pepper era Lennon? Like I said, really but REALLY bad. Oh well, could be worse. Could beSarah Palin Vs Lady Gaga (feat. Nice Peter & Lisanova)
My son ordered this under my account.  I should have asked him first what he was ordering.  I am appalled that Amazon would even list this song, much less sell it.
The voice of the reader of this book is terrible. He has this nasally voice that makes listening to this dreadful. I had to quit, I just couldn't listen to that voice.
This is not the song as performed for the movie. The woman singing this version isn't the same as the woman that sings it in the movie. The movie version is so much better. It would be nice if someday they release the original theatrical version.
How could a band with no value now wants to sell music on a site like this ?This is a green day rip off. Only problem I have with is the singer Shaun Dente.Probably the worst ego ever. He thinks He's famous. Newsflash no body knows who you are.This is not a band its a satire of a parody.
Pass on this one, folks.  The money machine is &#34;the man of the house&#34; and therefore you should buy life insurance.  That's the message here.  Just a sales pitch for life insurance sales men to use in the 50s.  A complete waste of time now.  This really shouldn't be on amazon at all.  Worthless.
Stupid me. I downloaded the whole book not realizing that it wasn't narrated by an actual person. I could only get through a couple chapters. Waste of 8 bucks.
So where do I begin?  His inability to keep with the beat, having ZERO flow, what would usually be a musical backdrop filled with decent hooks being filled with what sounds like an epileptic cat walking across a piano, is all pieced together like a poorly wrapped regift at Christmas, and I have only one word for it...Masterpiece."Surely you jest?" you may ask.  But I feel Mr. Groff is a genius with a "j". From the mindless rambling of "Night Terrors", to all the goings on and whatnot of "Black Death".  He is a modern day Captain Beefheart, and this my friends, is his "Trout Mask Replica".The naysayers will be proven wrong by history (or should I say in this case, HISstory?), and this will be the evidence they need to see that there really is "The Other Side"
I love Nick and the GAC. Saying that I was stunned to hear Nick trying to rap, especially on "Spiritual". This cd is so beneath his talents and it sounds like it was recorded in the 80s on a reel to reel with noise added in. Don't waste the money.
First audio book I have bought. I bought this to listen in the car, but its almost impossible to concentrate on it. I tried once and never went back.
Looking for something to help me sleep.  This thing gave me the creeps.  It sounds like a Halloween track with voices echoing and talking over each other.  Random bells....glad I didn't actually pay for it!
This is a karaoke version or something...  I sure would like to find the original Ray Stevens version with the sped up vocals...
I just don't find G&O funny.  Their songs are bland and lame, and their cutesy, self-aware schtick just wears thin very quickly.  But, bottome line:  they're just NOT FUNNY.  And it's not a "women aren't funny" thing.  There are plenty of funny women.  G&O just aren't among them.
This is a verbal relaxation MP3. There's nothing subliminal or subconscious about it, and it is the exact same tract I purchased less than a week ago under a different name. A soothing voice talks you through relaxation exercises. There are long pauses at times and just as I begin to slip into blissful unconsciousness, she begins talking again and jolts me awake. I'm looking for something that is truly subliminal - &#34;existing or operating below the threshold of consciousness&#34; (thank you, dictionary.com).
I love Johnny Dollar! I bought this version for a road trip, and ended up not listening to it. The sound quality to very poor and the background noise sounds like an old 45 with skips in it. You can listen to every Johnny Dollar episode online for free at [...] I can stream this on my phone quite easily even using just 3G.
These songs are just awful!! Most of them are just a few lyrics that are a failed attempt at humor repeated a few times over some boring repetitive tune. And the singing.. if you can even call it that.. is just yelling or talking over the music. So don't bother wasting your money on this. Oh and these "songs" are available for free on the "artists" own site..so I'm not even sure why they are being sold.
This is awful. Why do people like this dude? I don't get it. Save your hard earned money, people. As others said, you can find this for free.
Horrible. Plain and simple. Most of Onision's songs are very offensive, hiding under the guise of being comedic. What isn't offensive is just plain annoying, with nonsense lyrics and horrible music. Please please don't waste your money on this garbage.
This CD is offered for free on his own website, and even that is way too expensive. The music is terrible, his voice is awful, and the songs lack any originality or creativity whatsoever.Personally, I wonder if the positive reviews were all written by him.
This is simply garbage. It's not so much music as crude, vulgar sing speaking set to a boring and repetitive background. This is nothing better than a bored 12 year old boy would write while he's not paying attention to math class. This is a prime example of the downfall of modern music.
This gem of an album is clearly the work of a beautifully deranged mind. An experimental piece, this sion of onions gives us a tragic look at the downfall of modern music in this postmodern age. The simplistic, droning beats combined with the tuneless, off key "singing" gives us a sense of just what it means to have negative talent and still have the conviction to release something potentially embarrassing to the entire world. Indeed, this is a man exposing the contents of his very soul for you, the listener, to dissect. The fact that he is giving you a chance to pay for music that is also offered for free on his website is simply part of this heartwrenching piece of performance art, a commentary on the fact that you can be incapable of gargling a few notes, but still expect inordinate amounts of adulation and money.Hear this man's desperation in the heartwrenching track Her Lies, the titular "Her" clearly being a metaphor for our consumerist mindset. The supposedly awful lyrics a clear work of genius, a commentary on how awful our own society is, how true art such as this enchantingly morose piece are pushed aside in this age of Justin Beibers and Katy Perrys.At first glance, the beautiful Blow Doll Song is a sexist, disgusting work of a deranged mind. This assumption is of course, entirely pedestrian, when it is clearly a statement on the treatment of society's most vulnerable members: women of the plastic, inflatable variety, which clearly represent his own sad existance, wherin his truely only fulfilling and consentual sexual contact was with inanimate object, for no woman could stand to be around the narrator's repulsive character long enough to engage in the act of sex. This is a comment on the anguish of a troll-like cromagnon man with no redeeming qualties, and is thus clearly genius.For our next track...Ok, I'll stop f***ing with y'all. This album is the pits and I wrote this whilst I was listening to Pink Floyd's Animals, as I would rather my ears get chopped off by a chainsaw than have them metaphorically violated by Onision's trash. Go listen to enjoyable music instead of this drivel. 1/5 because at least he's not Hitler.
I can not believe that this is what passes for music these days. If you want to listen to over half an hour of a grown man whining whilst quite frankly sounding extremely high, to a cheap 1990's casio keyboard pre-set rhythm, and I use the word rhythm loosely, then this album is definitely for you. If you are suicidal, mentally ill, a recovering alcoholic or drug addict, trying to turn your life around, looking for positivity, I urge you NOT to buy this collection of ramblings. Or as it is being sold, this 'album'. You will be more emotionally disturbed and distressed than you were even at the lowest point you have ever been in your life. I have also been alerted that this music can actually be found openly for free across his multiple YouTube channels and websites, so please, do not beg your parents for money, if you do seek misery, at least seek it for free. As I see it, this is a desperate attempt to extort money from those who are young, impressionable, and unaware that with a few extra clicks of the mouse, they could find this drivel without paying a penny.
Just... Just no. His music is so bad it is pathetic. Similar beats in every song, lackluster and blatantly obnoxious vocals, and horrible lyrics is all you'll find here, ladies and gents. Trust me; it's so bad it isn't even humerous.Please, PLEASE don't encourage him.
Surely this is a joke?  This music is terrible.  Save your money folks, this isn't worth 9 bucks.  Nobody should be paying money for somebody's "youtube music"
My 11 years old daughter introduced Onision to me, with watching one of his video online, needless to say i found it quite vulgar. Anyhow she asked/begged me to get this music for a project at school. But i had to listen first to what i would purchase. This is the worst piece of crap i have ever heard in my entire life. My dogs even started howling when i started it and would not stop until i stop the music, so i had to stop it mind you, it was becoming overwhelming in here as my lovebird would not stop chirping loudly to try to chirp louder than the music and cover the sound with their chirps i had to tell them to bug off so i could actually hear something, but obviously that did not work. I swear it almost made my ears bleed ... ouch. This is just horrible. It has no beat, no good rhythm. I looked at my daughter with pain. Why would she ask me that ? It even made me go do #2 as soon as I stopped it. Well i dunno.. i have listened to a lot of music in my life, but nothing compare to that. My 8 years old son begged me to stop it before he goes sleep and asked me not to do that again while im on the computer, and the wife kept yelling at me to turn it off that she was trying to do her yoga session in the living room. Sigh.. i wish it wasn't quite that bad but let's be honest here, this isn't the most enjoyable music. I don't know what to do honestly. Daughter said you can find the song for free but she really wanted to buy them for her school project. And i mean, 8,99$ who are we trying to kid here ... for a buck each songs. I don't know. I might have some thinking to do. Although it sound like a zoo in here whenever we put his music on, i want to please my daughter but at the same time, my wife, my son, my dogs, my lovebird ... i don't know. And somehow ... i don't know what happen, but we also found the beta fish laying on its back tonight .. i hope it has nothing to do with the music too. Anyway, i suggest you don't buy. I have heard better songs. Even country music is better in my own honest opinion.
This is so bad it's offensive!!! I can't believe he is trying to make money off of this when you can find most of his music free on his site.
Why pay for his awful music, when you can just get it for free off his website? Why would you support him at all anyways, he's a monster. Not to mention he makes enough money by suckling off of youtube and making videos about how his opinion is above everyone elses and being a pig toward women everywhere. Here's a suggestion; save your money, and go buy a Justin Beiber album if you want to listen to awful music. At least he's a decent human being.
I just can't with this guy anymore. If for some insane reason you want to actually buy this, just do yourself a favor and listen to it for free on his site.
You've given all of your songs away for free, in the past. Why do you feel the need to charge money for these? Let's be honest here: they're not good. Are you trying to milk your fans for all they're worth? So much respect lost.
I think this might be a prime example of a product stemming from the Dunning-Kruger Effect. I cannot see any other reason that this would be put out to the public.
This is terrible. This man makes more than enough with his YouTube career. And you can get his music for free on his website.
Why someone would pay $9.00 to listen to a neanderthal trying to shriek and talk his way through an "album" is beyond me. Then I remember, Onision's audience are all naive children, and it makes it that much worse.
Aside from the fact that this is poorly done by a man child sitting in his home, you can also get this for free. All of his music is supposed to be free as in beer and speech on his website.The music itself is boring, repetitive, and lacks a talent for composition. Attached to his speak singing style, and use of vocal modulations lead to an, at best, gimmicky music collection. Gregory appears to use strictly synthesizer backing popular with many pop stars today, which leads to predictable structure that sours the entire collection. It is hard to tell when one track ends and another begins without having to look at your device. With a few exceptions he speaks and screams the lyrics in a syncopated fashion that, while glimmering similar to CAKE, is vacuous and meaningless. There is no message in these songs, just a beat, with some words being stumbled over.I wish there was a way I could give this no stars. This is what is wrong with music today. There is no passion, no message, and no point to these songs. It is as if he feels pressured to put out music, or no one will pay attention to him. I fear that, by writing this review, I have given him the attention he desires, even if it is negative.
Listen to the songs on YouTube or on his website first. Just saved you a couple of bucks, didn't I? You're welcome.Also missing the best song EVAR in the history of music the SUKMI song! Possibly because it was misnamed and should have been entitled SUK*ON*MI. This distinction is VERY important."I am the worst musician on the face of the planet" - Onision on his music in a post on Facebook
Why would any logical person waste their money on something that you can get for free on his website? Also, Greg makes enough money from his music every time you click on one of his videos. I wish people would wake up and realize that this is garbage
I wonder if this a way to get the money back that he lost from the previous marriage and from his ex gf? I don't see the point of selling this when it is free to download from his website!!!
The music is really bad and the price is even worse. Who would pay $8.99 for this horrible horrible item?
Pure total garbage. They all sound the same, pretty much.  You can get them for free on his website anyway. No musical talent or voice talent whatsoever. It sound like he is trying to make rap out of his song but fail miserably.
You know that feeling moment before you are about to vomit? Do you enjoy that sensation? Then this album is for you!
Onision, your music sucks ass. You're clearly tone deaf and you should stop trying to make "music". At least Shiloh was a great singer. You on the other hand, sound exactly like the gurgling sound of a cat being strangled. Also you're a douchebag.
The music is horrible, but the person behind it is even worse. Theese songs are disgusting. I can't believe that anyone would pay for anything as terrible as this. Aside from being a completely horrible person, Greg has absolutely no musical talent whatsoever and needs to STEP AWAY FROM THE MIC.If you actually want to listen to this  absolute garbage, feel free to download it FOR FREE on his website.
Urgh, what utter rubbish. If you want to listen to his offensive, misogynistic drivel do so on youtube. Don't pay money for this dubious pleasure.
This man is nuts. He has done videos mocking the US MILITARY. He makes videos saying horrible things about his ex wife and ex gf. He is an adult man who has had sex with 2 seventeen year old girls. His fan base is mostly middle school kids. He even said if you have had over 20 sex partners then you can't be raped.
To start, for anyone thinking of purchasing this, you can find all the songs for free on his website, and you can listen to them on his Youtube too, just try to avoid the offensive videos, slander and abuse you'll find while your looking for them.Seriously though, this "man" has no talent for singing or song writing at all, or music making for that matter. I'd save your money if I was you. Not only would you be wasting your money on terrible songs, you'd be giving your money to a horrible man, who's offenses I can't even begin to list in this review. If you would like to know though, there's always the Onision Drama Tumblr (onisiondrama.tumblr.com) or the Onision The Liar Facebook page!Thank you for reading and considering this review, I hope I helped you avoid making a bad decision by buying this "music".
I'm not even kidding. Is this what is considered music now? A mentally challenged man-child singing about being a banana? I don't want to live on this planet anymore. Why the hell would ANYONE pay money for this garbage when he has all the songs available for FREE on his website?
I have been a long time fan of Onision and his comedy based music, and of his videos. I was thrilled to see that he had songs that I hadn't heard... then I listened to them. I have been into music for many years.. These songs, to me, aren't real music! It's the same generic tracks off of a website, with him sounding tone deaf *singing* over the track... This isn't music; it is lazy. Anyone can use beat tracks and talk over it. It's disgraceful. I am NOT impressed..
I really don't consider this good music and don't think it should be sold (or downloaded anywhere), musicians take months, if not years to create really amazing music, and he's rumored to put up another one of these "albums" in a few days. It's awful. This person is not a musician, I'd be weary of my children listening/watching this person.
All of these songs are absolutely horrible. I also don't get why he decides to charge for his music now, when it's been free for quite a while.
This is absolutely minute drivel. I cannot believe that this was authorized for sale. This is the work of a deranged, misogynistic man who seems to think that his music is worth $9. I don't think I could be paid to listen to this further.
Good god this is horrible... all of it is very repetitive and the lyrics are trash. You can get his music FOR FREE on his website, there's no reason to buy this tone-deaf garbage. Onision makes a six figure income from his YouTube career, he has enough money.
What is this? Can someone explain it to me? I gather you can get this 'music' for free online, Why is he selling it?Why did he make it? Nowhere in the previews did i hear anything that would count as a song. It's just horrible synthesizers and worse 'singing'.I wouldn't even download this for free.A word of advice to this Onision, Stop.Kids, Listen to Breaking Benjamin or something else..
This "music" can be downloaded for free on his own website and even then it's not worth the storage space on your computer. It's vulgar, offensive, lacking any sort of creativity, it's mostly just a mashup of words that the man thinks is funny put to poorly formed and repetitive "music".
Is this a joke? Its so bad, the worst music I have ever heard! This guy has no talent whatsoever! Don't waste your money on this crap. My ears are bleeding! Crap, crap, crap!
This "music" is all available for free on his own site.  Why buy what you can get for free?  This is not music. He speak/screeches the entire thing. If I could rate a zero I would, but that isn't possible so I gave it a one star.There is no redeeming quality to this album.  How it is possible to autotune and still be as off as he is is beyond me.  I think he might be tone deaf.
This music is just absolutely terrible. And by buying and it you are supporting an ass. I have nothing else to say.
Actually the worst thing I've listened to. Like other people said his music is free on his site so why pay for it? He's actually a pretty bad singer in my opinion.Even if this was free I wouldn't download it.Keep your money and spend it on something you actually need.
Not worth ten bucks, sorry. This is such a sad excuse for music and shouldn't even be posted up at all.
Honestly, I can't listen to the whole thing without laughing, and I know now that he wasn't trying to troll anyone. Complete rubbish to my ears. Not one note was on tune. I think the only part I liked about it was  the end...when it stopped. (also,to my disappointment, It's not possible to give this 0 stars)
Shoving my cat in a blender while playing the kazoo would render more "talent" than this garbage.  My ears are bleeding from listening to the previews.  There is not talent, there is no "comedy," just a whining misogynistic, rape apologist trying to scam his "fans" out of money.
I believe this is a rather poor execution of a satire on the mentally retarded. This is a man who supports his irrational beliefs with reputation, whom only like him for his looks he blatantly exploits, as they are mostly young and impressionable girls. His twisted views on relationships and society proves his arrogance, to which he deflects with sheer egotism, backed up by his mindless fans who can't think for themselves. He just yells idiotic and repeated phrases in these songs he passes off as "deep" and "meaningful", living in denial about how he is actually talentless scum.
These language courses were developed by the Foreign Service Institute/United States government and are in the public domain. Do a search on &#34;FSI languages&#34; or &#34;ielanguages&#34; or &#34;fsiproject&#34; and download them for free.
Really? Trying to duplicate the 60's?? Who's the audience for this??? Sort of a nice try trying to do the girl group sound...and even a mono mix on the first track! How archaic!
I expected to hear some soothing, sonorous voice that would be relaxing and sleep-inducing. Instead, the first few tracks are mostly sounds and music. I found some sounds to be quite disturbing. The first track was sounds of water with something else that resembles intermittent heavy sighs. My imagination drew a huge sad sighing hippo. I did not like this mental image but could not get rid of it. Then there was a strange soundtrack with voices that sounded like they were reverberating in a cave. Uneven loudness level of both the voices and background bells did not let me to fall asleep. I usually fall asleep after about 20 min of a subliminal tape, but with this one I was tossing and turning for about an hour. Then I fell asleep only to be awoken with some suddenly loud piano music...
Audio Lessons Format: ~Listening In (Conversation)  ~A Closer Look (Pronunciation Practice) ~Conversation Pronunciation PracticeThese are French Immersion mp3s with no translation of the conversations you are listening to. Without a basic understanding of French you will not have a context to understand the conversations (some words will give you an idea as they are English words).I learnt French years ago and was hoping to refresh my language skills (maybe even revisit the "tenses" used almost exclusively in spoken language) but this is too basic and not what I was looking for ... perhaps I should have just looked for "Le Bon usage (15e &eacute;d.) + acc&egrave;s (French Edition)" by Grevisse, which is considered the authority on French grammar and usage.EDIT: These language courses were developed by the Foreign Service Institute/United States government and are in the public domain. Do a search on "FSI languages" or "ielanguages" or "fsiproject" and download them for free.
For several years I have admired the Ditty Bops as emerging artists with a trulywonderful vocul duet sound.  This record is a disgrace -- baby talk and so painfullycutesy that it sickens me.  I am so sorry to think that the Ditty Bops would taketheir talent in this direction.
I love all their other music, but this album is simply painful for my ears.  I hope their next album goes back to their more traditional sound.  They are so talented, but you wouldn't guess it from this album.
I tried several times; I am not an idiot; it just did not work.  I would love to have birdsong ringtones!
"The Explosive Sounds of Jackson Paine" is a comedy gem, created by a real-life Don Draper in 1961, the era of "Mad Men." The UK outfit that put this out scrounges for public domain material to publish. The sound quality of what they put on Amazon is awful. Search for the title on Google. You will, I promise, find a copy in high quality stereo, transferred with care from an original LP, and posted with the permission of Jackson Paine's daughter.
Waste of money! Wish I could get my money back with this cd, it has a beat but not to run too!!
This is absolutely not the petits chanteurs de Versailles. What a disappointment. It is a good enough CD of Christmas music, but wasn't what I thought it was.
The samples are all the same... A warning not to drive... It would be helpful if they were samples of the actual meditation.
Generally I like his stuff.  And there are some funny bits here.  But he spends the whole middle section not being funny but telling people to accept illegal immigrants and gay marriage.  For large chunks there aren't laughs, just preaching his positions without much humor.  If you are going to do that, at least try and include jokes so I don't feel like I'm being yelled at.  Compared to his other stuff very disappointing.
I started listening, once I finished track 1 and started track 2, I thought something may be wrong with my computer because the content and affirmations were just the same as track 1.Go figure! What kind of joke is that?As other reviewer commented, the 39 tracks are organized in 8 groups:- The Law Of Attraction Hypnosis - 6 sessions (tracks).- The Secret Abundance Code - 6 sessions (tracks).- Wealth Building DNA - 6 sessions (tracks).- Prosperity Code Revealed Hypnosis - 6 sessions (tracks).- Create Wealth Rapid Mental Makeover - 6 sessions (tracks).- There Is Only Opportunity Never Problems Hypnosis - 3 sessions (tracks).- Bullet Proof With Optimism - 3 sessions (tracks).- I Expect Success - 3 sessions (tracks).No, your computer doesn't have any problem, besides some minuscule differences in the relaxation introduction, the affirmations are exactly the same, word by word, so you really feel that you have to listen the first session, six more times. What??But to make the things worst, within each session, the affirmations are repeated twice. Truly this CD is the cheapest way to create abundant content: duplicating content everywhere.I took a closer look into each one of the initial sessions; this is how they are internally organized.- Music relaxation - 6min => Soft music to relax.- Verbal preparation for affirmations - 1min => Some lady telling you to get ready for some great affirmations.- Affirmations - 2.5min => 10 affirmations such us: "I'm showered with blessings...."- Second verbal preparation for affirmations - 30sec => Same lady telling you that you will hear the same once more.- Affirmations (repeated) - 2.5min => Here come again the same identical affirmations.- Verbal closure - 3min => Some lady wishing you a good day.- Music closure - 5min => More long music.So from this analysis you can see that the real value (which are the affirmations) last just 2.5 min surrounded 18min of stuff. Because of the 6 identical sessions, you have 18x6min=108min of "stuff" vs 2.5min of affirmations.I have seen good hypnosis audio exercises but this is far from any of them.In summary: this is the worst, ineffective, tedious, monotonous and useless product I have ever purchased.
Music is a very personal thing, as far as what one might like. I liked one song that I'd heard from this CD, and so I bought the CD. Unfortunately for me, that's the only one song I like on the entire CD.Your mileage may vary-
The paid version and the sample clips on amazon appear to be the same thing.  Was this a mistake?  If so I would appreciate the full version and then would retract my rating.  Each of the review files is less than 2 minutes in length.
Nope. I don't know what I was thinking when I bought it anyway. Ineffective and not worth the .99 I spent.
Pretty stupid. His schtick is basically a pseudo-violent parody. But aside from the content, he's just not funny. He's stupid and inane. And his delivery is even stupider.
I did not like this because it uses going up in a spaceship and I am not a heights person. I found one by someone else that was better suited to me.  I have done one other hypnosis by Steve Jones and it was fine.  I wish someone would have told me about the bights so I could of skipped this one.
He has a nice voice, but the core of this mp3 is loud binaural beat "therapy". You need to have the volume up high to even hear his voice. The core subject is: "flying" over the Nile river looking at the desert, pyramids, and camels". That's a weak central concept at best. He attempts to turn it into a "beautiful, relaxing experience". The only thing I got from this was a temporary increase in my tinnitis. If you believe in binaural beat "therapy" this is for you.
There is nothing relaxing about this!  It sounds like a creepy  wierdo tried to make some type of high tech sounds and it is mentally disturbing rather than relaxing.
I hope that many audio Novenas will be created. These particular set of Novenas are way too simple to be useful! One would be better off, making up one's own Novena prayers i.e. ad-libeling even in you are not particularly skilled at this, then to use these, as they are so simple, as to be distracting!
Not funny. Not good. Impossible to get through once. Maybe good live, but terrible album. Think 3 times before buying.
This would have been a good ASMR source but it irritated me.  The woman is way too close to the microphone, which added deep noise and I could not understand what she was saying.  Had she been at least six or so inches further from the mike it might have been better.  I deleted it.
I am a BIG John Schneider fan and in many ways Iwas very disappointed in this pick.  It sounds nothingat all Like John Schneider.  I wish he'd make more music and be offered all the time.  I like the olderJohn Schneider music.
It wasn't what I thought it was going to be at all. Sounds nothing like John  Iwas very disappointed in it.
I bought Matt's first cd and loved it. I was super excited to buy this album next. I anxiously bought it and started listening.  To my shock and anger, a lot of the material was on his first album.  So in knew the bits.  A lot more of the material was on the Nerdist episode 51 (free podcast) where Matt performed stand-up.So I paid $10 for material I already had. At least half of the bits were old.  I was pretty irritated.  I won't be fooled again.Thanks
Okay, this one uses animal howling and moaning of what I belive are whales alongside ocean waves. I tried listening to it while I drifted off to sleep, but it was too disturbing to be peaceful!! I would suggest the Confidence Hypnosis from Binaural Beats. It is by far a better product and really works!!
Complete waste of time, nothing here is worthwhile.It's just some obese no-life scum named Charles Fitch.Get a real job, troll.
Spend your money on something more worthwhile, like a subway sub or a movie ticket. Charles Fitch is a butt hurt low life who hurts legitimate business owners because he is to fat and lazy to be one. He should be in jail. I would rather give my money to pay for a study that looks for viable ways to resurrect hitler than buy this piece of garbage.
If I wanted a divorce, I would make this song my wife's ringtone. If I wanted to be disowned, I would put it on my mother's iPhone. If I wanted to go insane, I would make this my own ringtone.Definitely no problems with truth in advertising. The guy just keeps saying "SWEET".This was the first free download that wasn't worth the money I paid for it.
This is such a waste of time for listeners. The only reason it even remotely deserves 1 star is because of the music. Had we gotten that on its own, it would rate 3 stars. While a simplistic beat, it's kind of catchy.JC Power did such a horrible overlay of his voice; it's worse than when I used to do this using a double tape deck boombox when I was 10. Plus, his voice is nasally and annoying and it sounds like he's trying to call hogs.This is the first time I've encountered something so bad, I wish Amazon would take it down. Not just for being awful, but for being stupid as well.
How exactly does this fit in the Broadway & Vocalists category? Or any category for that matter? Sounds like a pig getting its tail yanked.
Still poor quality. See review on "Christmas is for the Family".This is a Fantastic Chrismas Album... Amazon needs a betterresource for the download. This IS NOT it.
It sounds like this was recorded in three separate sessions. The first session is the introduction and closing that identifies the name of the company and where to go to buy more recordings. This exact session is used in another release that I have from this person and I suspect it's used in all of them.The next session is the guided relaxation part. It's pretty good, but not great. It's slow and fairly soothing, but too repetitive. This makes up the majority of the recording. The introduction blends in to this part fairly well, although there is a slight "click" where the intro stops and this part starts. The background "tape hiss" is noticeably different as well.The last session is the part that is about the actual topic - teeth grinding. Her voice is noticeably different in this part of the recording. It sounds a little louder and a bit deeper. She seems to be in a big hurry to get through this section. It seems very rushed and is not at all soothing. The relaxation built up in the first section disappeared very soon after this part started.This would have been much better had it been recorded in a single session so her voice had the same tone, pace, and level throughout.It's very unlikely that I'll listen to this again.
I didn't realize until after it was downloaded that I downloaded the song - condom star, instead of gungnam style from PSY..
did not like this one, did not understand what he was singing about, it look like he was trying to copy someone else.
I was so excited to get the CD because I love quiet, guitar music at the holidays - Imagine my surprise when I put the CD in the player and heard something completely different - I am so very disappointed.
I really liked the first two releases, and was looking forward to this release. It sounds nothing like the first two.It's awful and very painful and unpleasant to listen to. I know it's supposed to be different due to the halloween theme, but it still sounds just awful.
I'm a fan of ari's podcast and he's a great comic but this cd is aweful. Most of the comedy is visual which just dosn't translate to audio. You hear the crowd laughing at his movements during a joke or hand jestures and your left hanging.
Being a big Failure Club fan, I was excited to see what all of the members of the club would accomplish at the end of their journeys. I was impressed with several of their achievements and I especially wanted to know the outcome of Elizabeth Chan's Christmas song dream. I was gravely disappointed.Elizabeth has a very average sounding voice. At first it's sweet and pleasant but it quickly becomes boring and repetitive as the album plays out.A lot of the songs sound the same because Elizabeth sings the same kind of notes in each one.However, my major problem with the EP is the lyrics. The song used for her music video (which, by the way, is very tacky and "fake happy")repeatedly uses verses and lines from other famous Christmas songs. Chan claims to have penned this song, but she obviously borrowed lyrics from other songs which makes this song very unoriginal. The other tracks are original, but they are very dull and kind of hollow. Great music artists have a way of putting intense emotion and passion into their songs. It's as if you can feel the feelings they felt as they sang the song. You can feel the passion they have for their art in their music. With Chan I feel none of this. The songs feel empty and rushed. I don't feel the emotion in any of the songs.This is probably because Chan has admitted to writing over 200 Christmas songs. There is no way an someone can put their complete effort and passion into so many songs. It should take years to write so many songs, and yet Chan keeps cranking them out.Overall, I think Chan needs to focus on the quality of her music over the quantity of songs and the fame. She has the potential to be great, but she has a lot of work to do. Her lyric content needs serious work, and her voice just doesn't stand out as it is.This EP isn't worth $5. I'd say each song is worth one listen to. It might work as filler music for your Christmas playlist if you need a couple more songs.
I would not recommend this product to anyone.  This is really a rip-off.  this CD is only 7 minutes long!  Seven minutes!  The person who is saying the affirmations is not pleasant to listen to either.  He does not pronounce words well and he sounds bored.  What a waste of time and money.  I should get a refund.
really?  silly... not sure what the point of this app is but it is for children...and parents who are not paying attention.
is there a way to return this? My little snippet I listened to did not really tell me this was Baaad
Please show me one person who finds this catchy or good to listen to at all.Don't even waste 89 cents on this,just buy the original.No one should get money for changing the words to a song to be even worse.
The person who is reading this has what sounds like a silly voice to my American ears. Also, the sexual aspect isn't really well written, like either whoever this is doesn't really understand much about how female sexuality works, or like they don't want to talk much about it.I paid a buck and bought it mostly for laughs so I don't really care but there's better available for free online.
Purchased through the android mp3 app. While the track listing only showed one track with no track length. I had hoped that for 8.99 I was getting the full album. Negative. Track is 20mins long and cuts out midsentence as well. Of course, no refunds for mp3 purchases, so stay away until fixed. What you do hear is funny though, of course.
As one who still has the worn out scratchy vinyl of an album from Columbia Records called "A Very Merry Christmas" from 1967, which has this same song list, I was excited to find this.  Now, this is after I spent probably about two or more years digging for CD copies of these songs to recreate it on my own, about 10 years ago.  I found 11 out of the 14 cuts.  The other three, I digitally re-mastered with the software I have.  That all leads to this mp3 collection.  I was disappointed in the quality.  Clearly, someone attempted to re-master an old vinyl recording, but didn't do a great job.  You can still hear vinyl sounds as it plays.  I guess, had they pointed that out, I would not have purchased this collection.  I tossed the CD I burned from this away, and took them off my mp3 player, and am going back to the collection I recreated from the CD versions I found. Even the three cuts I cleaned up with a commercially released software did a much better job of cleanig up these old recordings.
Terrible musicianship, recording quality, song selection. Nothing redeeming about this album. Deceptive reviews. Don't buy it. Unpleasant surprise for you.
I downloaded the first lesson to try it out. All I heard was a very poor quality recording of someone reciting the Finnish alphabet and it's corresponding pronunciations. There was no instruction what so ever. I'm assuming the additional lessons will be of the same poor quality..
In my opinion this is not Scriptural based.  I could not relax at all because of the verbiage being used
The singing was horrible. I was glad it didn't cost a lot.  It sounded like a bad immatation of Shakira.
Didn't know what to expect.  It's not for me!  NOT my taste at all.  I should have known from the title but wasn't paying attention.  MY BAD.
I bought a few of Dice's re-releases that came out in the last few months that were priced like standard Amazon mp3 albums, but I'm not going to pay premium album pricing for 20-30 year old material that I've heard before. Pretty greedy, and not too smart, of the record label or Dice, whoever decided that all his re-releases will now be priced as premium mp3 albums. They are just going to lose sales and possible new fans that have not previously heard the material.
Was very disappointed.  I'll be sure to never order hits without knowing if the original artists are doing them again!
I have listened to Denny's comedy over the past 2 years or so and it has deteriorated to a great degree. In an age where there are SO MANY things to discuss and create jokes about. this "comedian" resorts to cliched topics, misogyny, and racial humor.  When he is not complaining about women, he get's into race and it is cringe-worthy bad, at time it feels as if he is about to enter into Michael Richards territory. There are a lot of comics that do racial humor but the ones who are successful at it, actually put some thought into it and do it in a smart way and not in a thoughtless and cruel way.  In an arena where there are so many comedians vying for attention, one needs to set themselves apart from the pack, in a good way. Denny's comedy doesn't do that. Each joke is as exhausting and predictable as the next. I listened to each track and do not recall laughing even once. If he wants to have a successful career, he needs to take some time to really explore what comedy is. This album straddles the line of anger and working out his own personal feelings onstage.  The only feeling that I get from this album after listening is, Denny hates women, people of other races, and himself. Instead of telling jokes, perhaps he should work out his issues with a psychologist. All I know is that if this is all he has to bring to the table, this album and his career will end up in the 99 cent bin at a Kentucky Walmart where I am sure the only fans of his reside.
Just not my taste in music. Thank goodness it was free since I have already deleted it from my playlist.
I am unable to give stars, rate the item or give a review because the Amazon downloader/player will not work with my computer system.I was VERY disappointed with that!The one star I gave it is NO reflection at all on the MUSIC, since I couldn't even get the music!I didn't want to give any stars at all, but the system forced me to.|Amazon needs to fix this!
See above review.  Another trite ablum of Christmas music that I am forced to play each Holiday season.  What else can I say.
I received this as a free digital download, which was pretty nice. I listened to it and decided not to add it to my ipod christas list. Not really my type of music.
I did not like any of this music...terrible selection.  I am going to try and get a refund for this purchase.
Good for a laugh, this is even worse than Muzack.  It's pretentious and tasteless all at once.  Is it suppose to be a jazz interpretation of Christmas music?  Maybe so.  It does resemble the horrible-nervous drug-addled vibe that some jazz gives.
How can I determine if something is good if I never purchased this! So I don't know how good it is!
After downloading it and trying to play it, I got the error message that my Kindle Fire did not support the app to play/listen to it.  Soooo, I can download it, but not listen to it.  It's like a small child finally getting the Christmas present he'd been hopping for and no batteries to make it work and no stores open to buy any.
I did not order this item so I do not know why it is on my list. Oh well whatever
I am absolutely in love with this book, but I thought I'd save money and not purchase the album. However, last night (on day 17), I decided that I would really enjoy a guided meditation for the Spark of Light meditation. So, without hesitation, I bought it here on Amazon. Then I had to download the Amazon Mp3 app, install it and wait for the mp3's to download. It was a process needless to say, haha. Anyways, imagine my disappointment when the meditation wasn't even on there! Then I went to her website where the cd is almost $15 and it doesn't even list what's on there. Then I went on iTunes and read the 2 comments that say there's 4 meditations missing :( Then I went on her FB and asked her where it was. I know she's a busy and successful women, but she did not respond yet and she's been posting on her page (or her publicist is).I am not so naive as to think that Gabreille is controlling every detail of her book and album promotion, BUT how did this slip through the cracks? I'm almost sad now because it leaves a bitter taste in my mouth about the intention behind this album.I really hope that they do some guest recovery on this.*update ~ Gabrielle has yet to address any of the concerns that have been posted on her FB by me and other people. She answers all the positive comments that people post and totally ignores or deletes comments in reference the the missing meditations. It's so rude.
So, let me get this straight.. You're asked to pay an extra $10 after already paying approximately $15 for the book for some guided meditations to go along with said book only to find that meditations are missing? Such a disappointing ripoff. The book left me disappointed as well, but at least it wasn't missing whole chapters.I will be thinking twice before purchasing anything from Gabrielle in the future.
Usually i can find something funny, no matter the comedian. NOT here, not funny. Watch someone else, even if you have seen it already.
I live on the east coast ... I hear screaming all year long .... I don't need it in my Christmas music... even if you turn down the volume on your speakers ... it's still too loud ... If you want stress free holiday music with a little volume ... stick with the Brian Setzer Orchestra .... download Jingle Bells for free this week ....Jingle BellsA note to all would-be reviewers ... Amazon will not let you write a review with out at least one star, so the one that you see at the top of this review wasn't my idea.
The first time I've been disappointed by the annual CD.  It's gone from 3-4 CD's down to one.  I don't know what they were thinking when they issued this trash.  Don't waste time buying this one.
This is the worst christmas cd ever!!  My 3 year old nephew can do a better job on his play piano than these guys!!
Mr. Methane has this musical genera cornered don't waste you time with fake emulated farts it might be free but waste your cloud storage on something else.
How to put the CREEPY in CHRISTMAS.The trapped kids recording this twisted mess were forced to deliberately put this out to further exploit the existence of 14 kids birthed solely to financially provide for ther mother.How  they actually will be spending Christmas is right there in their sad,dead eyes. Will it be just another day while their own mother and her monster manager spend the day counting the bit of loose change this travesty brings in?Are they going to scrape up their leavings from a meager Christmas dinner into one bowl to feed ther autistic brother, the way he has been fed before -- according to witnesses? Will they be locked shoeless and half-clothed into a cold room to spend the day unattended--not even a bathroom? Again according to witnessesIf you want to contribute to these kids' future -- do not put money into a tune put out solely to make money for the people who do not care about these kids.The music is exactly as tuneless and joyless as you would expect a group of sociopaths and grifters to shove into the mouths of kids who have no choice but to sing it. There is your 20 words about this disgusting product.
I saw the video for this single and the kids aren't having fun and look really sad.  The oldest boy looks embarrassed to be doing this and the girl looks scared.  There are 14 kid, but just 13 on the song.  The autistic kid got left out.The kids don't have the talent for this.  They're going to get teased in school.The lyrics are terrible.  This is a real excerpt:Countdown to Christmas and we are so readyMama told me that Santa is comingAt school we love to watchAt school we love to learnNow I'm just waiting for Christmas to comeWe're just waiting on Christmas day. Ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ayThe more people who buy this, the more their greedy mom (who blew through millions on herself since the babies were born instead of saving any of it to raise the kids with) and manager will be encouraged to keep exploiting the kids.  If you want to hear the song and see the video, go to the roctuplets-dot-com website.  That's the official site and it's there for free.  Also look for the Anderson Cooper review clip.These kids are singing for their supper, but they look hungrier for love and security.
These children look so sad....the one little girl is shown 4 times because she was the only one having fun and that was because her older sister was dancing with her, of course they cut out the older sister to make it appear she was dancing on her own. The blonde/blue eyed boy is crying and hitting his brother with a Santa hat.  Three of the eight are not even shown. The oldest boy just looks plain angry.  If THIS is the best footage they have I would hate to see what the rest they didn't show looks like. Seems the so called mother would be better off to just keep living off welfare and begging for money instead of embarrassing her 14 child any more than she already has.Sad as it is the Jimmie Kimmel version is dead on to what the real Soloman children are feeling.If I thought for a second that buying this would help those sad children I would buy a 100 copies but I know it will never benefit them.
These poor fallen-through-the-cracks children have a mother who told journalists that her babies "disgust" her and called them "eight pieces of poop". These innocents should have been spared the life they've been forced to suffer and placed in loving homes long ago. This video looked like a Save the Children ad. I swear they were blinking out a "HELP" message with their eyes. Gina Rodriguez, I don't know how you live with yourself.
I viewed the video, my heart went out to these kids. How many more people are going to earn a buck off the backs of these children. We never saw the first steps of the toddlers, first words. birthday parties where there are ripping open gifts, laughing, having a good time. So now we are expected to spend money on 14 children who have been hidden away so their greedy mother can seek stardom and riches? Everything Nadya Suleman has done has failed, much to the thanks of a woman claiming to be her manager, who represents people who are trying to stretch their seedy 15 minutes of fame into a life time career. So now after many attempts to soar to the red carpets, Nadya Suleman is broke, away on a vacation but trying to earn money off her children, something she said  she would never do, but we all know now if Octomom's lips are moving..she is telling a lie.Please do not buy this video, it will only encourage Nadya Suleman and her manager to continue using these children, they have been through enough.
I frankly find this appalling. These children who deserve a nurturing childhood are seen as money-making pawns for their narcissistic and greedy mother and her even worse manager. I am disgusted that it is even offered on Amazon. I don't believe for a minute that the children will profit from this in any way, it will be funneled away and spent by Nadya Suleman in the irresponsible manner in which she has been known for since they were born. I wish the children the best and hope that someday they will no longer be exploited for financial gain and that they are loved unconditionally by sane, nurturing caregivers who have their best interests at heart. Bless you kids and hope that you have a good Christmas in spite of it all.
Two Abuser's Nadya Suleman & Gina Rodriguez are attempting to make money off this video. All well & good if any of the 14 kids benefited from the video. But, they don't. Notice the Octuplets in the video are not wearing shoes, it's because they have none. That's right none of the  8 youngest of the Suleman tribe have nor have they ever had a pair of shoes purchased from their mother who has made millions off of these children, nor has the Manager of Suleman, A.K.A.  Octomom, with all the money she has made from them ever purchased shoes. The Octuplets are barely clothed. Notice what the are wearing in the video, t-shirts & jeans that don't fit, they don't fit because the Mother Octomom does not know what size clothing her children wear. These children live in 1 locked room, and are brought out from time to time to make money. The money goes for the Mother's Plastic Surgery, and Porn life style. The kids get bupkiss!!
Kinda cute if you like children singing.  A great attempt for a family song time.  Not worth buying but a good try.
It's been three, close to four years of distasteful stunts from the "mother" of these children. She obviously equates being class dunce with popularity, and now she's throwing her children under the bus too. The older kids look sad, and the little ones simply look neglected. No surprise there since they usually are locked in their bedroom and when they were younger Mommy tied them to their cribs with cheesecloth. You can't help these children by purchasing this record. That just gives their mother more funds to pursue plastic surgery. Let the children have their innocence and privacy. They are not talented musically and this sad venture only serves to embarrass them.Jimmy Kimmel featured his version of the song on his show, with custom lyrics...such as I'm dirty, I'm hungry, I'm pissed off.
I saw/heard a preview of the song for free and I could not watch for more than about 40 seconds. It was way too depressing.------- The kids look miserable.-------  While the kids are cute, they don't have any talent on top of their unhappy demeanor.-------Knowing their lazy, selfish, drug using, psychopathic, and narcissistic mother blew through a lot of money and now is pimping them out (along with her manager) means those poor, pathetic looking kids are being exploited. -------All in all, skip this video unless you enjoy seeing sad eyed, miserable, exploited kids who will break your heart.
There are only 13 of the 14 kids shown above. The autistic boy (Aiden, age 7) didn't rate a mention. Is he not part of the family anymore?The boy with the cleft palate had surgery to repair it, and it looks like the doctor botched it. His mouth is lopsided and half his face looks paralyzed.It's kind of cruel to put these kids on the public stage to be mocked and ridiculed.
I have never been so disgusted in my life but then what do you expect when your manager is an x ANAL porn queen??  These poor sad little kids (even the older ones) have to TRY AND sing for their supper.  I did not buy this nor will I!!  The money will go to the x porn manager, their no good Octomess's plastic surgery and probably this supposedly rapper, Romeo, will get a cut!!  As usual, the kids will only get the embarrassment and humiliation!!  Where is CPS in this mess??  Who REALLY cares about the kids?? Nothing can hide the dead barren look in their eyes.  They look worse than Romanian orphans.  You can sure tell which tups (maybe two) have been held and possibly had some attention.  The rest are just locked away.  Her poor oldest son will never live this down in school, as well as her older daughter!!  OctoLEACH is now making her kids "circus freaks" like she was defined on Dr Phil.  Mama gotta keep up her plastic surgery and x porn manager has to keep her butt ointment purchased!!  JUST SAD!! According to Suzy Orman on Oprah, she made enough off these tups the first two years of birth to support them to age 18.  All that money is gone with only (supposedly) $1500 in each tups college fund.  You know as well as I with a family of that size and only SSI and Welfare, all the kids will go to college free.  This is not for a college fund people...and please do not donate!!  It will never go to the kids..only thru the adult's hands and into their wallet!!  If no one buys, this will stop and those poor kids will be able to live in peace...hopefully!!
This clip is unusable. It is only 2 seconds long.  If I had known that ahead of time I wouldn't have bought it.  Maybe that is what people expect from a 'clip' but if so I cant imagine what they would use something so short for.  An explanation and more detailed description should be provided so that an informed decision can be made before purchasing it.
My 8 year old Granddaughter bought this song. I removed it from her Kindle and placed the mp3 in the trash. This song should be removed from amazon
Album only has one under two minute piece.  Could not believe it. What a waste of time and money.  BUT have bought lots of excellent albums from amazon for my kindle fire.
I would rather listen to an entire performance rather than the edited version that this is. It was very chopped up.
I do not want this thank you so much but my children took my kindle fire and tried to download a munch of stuff.  I did not approve of this order but I would like to thank you so much for sending this over to me so now I know just what they have been up to.  I try to let them take turns on the kindle so I don't know which one of them did the ordering of this but I am not interested in it at this time.
This is awful. Downloaded several of his recordings that were all free on Amazon. No wonder! So terrible I went looking for info on this guy. What. A. Sicko.
i hate the longer songs because it brings way two much space and pluse i cant add more music because of this
Buddhism is very simple and enlightenment can occur in a flash. Buddha spent much time meditating before his enlightenment and then got off his behind and was an active teacher for the rest of his life. These talk have elements of Hinduism, Sikhism and new age psychology all mixed together in a great muddle.
This is an interesting collection of talks, but is not Buddhism proper. The speaker employs a pastiche of ideas that come from eastern philosophy and practices in general, but are not part of, or necessary to, learning and practicing Buddhist thought. If the title and the price of this set of recordings prompts you to a further and more complete exploration of Buddhism, that's great. Otherwise, realize that this work follows a common trend in the west where people sell memes under the pretense of having originated with the Buddha to pass themselves off as having special knowledge, or in this case, 'enlightenment,' when they actually don't. It takes more than one lifetime to learn Buddhism, but it doesn't take that long to learn enough to know who is touting falsehood and who posseses the real thing. Listener beware.
I can't stand listening to a single Minecraft song. Probably just because my brother is always singing them and it is getting really annoying.
I was listening to this and not long into the album I was wondering who else in the office was playing some crap music and it wasn't someone else it was me.  What an absolute waste of money.  I feel silly for not listening to the song before purchase.  Learned my lesson.
You'd have to PAY me to download this piece of crap. Song has a skip in it anyway- karma's way of acknowledging a bad idea.
This was not a pleasant experience.  I much prefer the standard version of this song by Marilyn Monroe, Madonna, and Eartha Kitt.  I cannot recommend this song, I'm sorry&#62;
It is way short and a waste of money. It sounds weird. There are better versions out there.... Find one of them.
I was very disappointed that it was not the original artists. I guess I live and learn.  Save your money, don't buy it.
Terrible cover bands playing popular tunes make it difficult to listen to. I don't recommend it unless you can handlec that.
Advertising through spamming brought me to this product. I found the content and the presentation to be even more annoying as the spamming. It's just preaching to the choir ...
This music is Satanic, don't buy it, it's a scam!  The first three songs sound just like Marylin Manson songs.  The previews they use here are fake!
This is not a band its a satire of a parody !Its pure awful at best. just like there other songs.Worst band ever.
Producing, distributing, or marketing anything this bad should be a capital offense punishable by life imprisonment and/or death. Please make the pain stop.
If this continues, Justin Beiber should be tossed out a window. Please just be quiet already. You make my ears bleed.
, ..This song sucks. Awful singing and I don't even know what there saying. DON'T BUY THIS S***, YOU'LL REGRET IT.
Really bad knock off. He does not even sound close to the original. I need a refund. Is that possible?...smh.
Generic walk down the steps - see your guide/sanctuary/whatever formula.  I found the music for the first meditation rather full of distracting beeps.  You can find free meditations on YouTube which are much better than this album.
I received this CD as a gift from a friend.  I don't know what that person was thinking but they are now off my Christmas card list forever.  I've never before heard a self important blow-hard regurgitate such moronic babble! The pathetic mewing of this &#34;Self Help Guru&#34; offers easy to digest pop culture sound bites with no substance to speak of.  This just seems like a feeble attempt to capitalize on fragile people who are simply looking for someone, anyone, to point them in any direction.  Seriously, if you're looking for future gift ideas for a friend, try checking out some of the dinosaur erotica books, or anything!
I don't really need to write much on this.  I am a Pro-gun Democrat yep they exist and I fail to see the humor in what is a serious issue for this country.  Jim Carrey must have lost his mind this time...cheers Jim, thanks for the laughs! Your career is done..
Do people actually get paid for doing stuff like this. I wouldn't download this  if it was free. Anybody that buys this has more money than good taste in music or I should say garbeled sound this isn't music.
Awesome album, but the quality of the MP3s are awful. Each of the 19 songs are full of static, a complete waste of $9.
What were my ears just assaulted with?!?! I couldn't even hear what was going on, but I did hear a snore at the end.
I hate to be overly critical, and maybe I just don't find this guy's particular brand of humor all that funny, but my husband and I couldn't even make it halfway through this one.  To give you an idea of what we like...Louis C.K., Bill Burr, Patton Oswalt, etc.
The only basis I had for my decision to purchase this album was a snippet of Brad Austen's voice.  He has a very nice voice.  Unfortunately, I wasted my money because the meditations go too slow.  There are long chunks of time where I am to visualize something that takes me seconds to visualize and my mind ends up wondering off waiting for the next instruction.  There are also sound effects for what I'm supposed to visualize.  I find those corny and not at all helpful.  I honestly have not listened to an entire track off this album because the pace and sound effects are so distracting.  If you are a fan of Belleruth Naparstek's meditations, this album is not for you.
Rising up a warrior should be authoritative, bold, courageous! This will put you to sleep! Also using the word upgrade so much is very distracting.
...others in the series sell for $ 5. there is a reason for that discrepancy. The story line does not capture one's interest. the readers do a nice job but they cannot salvage the piece.
I was really disappointed when I started listening to this audio. The speaker's voice is very irritating and what she says is not helping someone suffering from anxiety, as it sounds judgemental and she doesn't say not even one calming sentence.
Amazon continues to change the method of downloading so that they can push their CLOUD player. This is the most disruptive, annoying tactic they could possibly employ! It makes downloading songs more difficult and it does not create any motivation for using CLOUD player!
My disappointment with this product began within just a few moments of listening. I have a hearing issue and struggle with female voices and especially females with British accents. When I listened to the sample, it was a male voice. Imagine my surprise when the session was female.My second disappointment came when I realized that the recording was only about 34 minutes long and 10 minutes in I was still listening to an introduction.My disappointment continued when I discovered a very unconventional induction, what some would call no induction at all.The last straw was that I found the message itself to be entirely weak. This product was supposed to be about addressing fear of failure. Instead, the message sent was &#34;learn to be happy with nothing.&#34;
Cant tell anything by the sample of this. Maybe you could give a little bit more info. Then you might have a sale.
not want I was looking for. sorry I got it. this music just made me not relaxed at all. I could next got to sleep listening to this.
I took advantage of this free download because of its 5 star rating. Maybe I am old-fashioned, but this may be one of the poorest versions of this song I have ever heard. There is nothing special about this arrangement and Meridith's voice is not the voice of an angel. I listened to it one time and deleted it. There seems to be a crop of new female singers whose voices sound immature, and not really pleasurable to the ear.
this song is terrible id just listen two it and all she said is god over and over again this song sucks
This is not the same as the youtube video version. Audio just isn't as good, timing is off. It sound's like they studio-ized it. Vaoid this one.
This is not the hit song you hear on the radio by Ylvis... It's a poorly mixed knockoff.  I don't think it's by Ylvis and it's poor quality.
Couldn't even finish listening.  Boring.  Constant use of the &#34;f&#34; word doesn't improve a bad performance.  Hooper comes across as angry, not funny at all.
I was enthusiastic about this purchase. I had never heard of &#34;Horror Movie Theme Orchestra&#34; before, but that's OK. Plenty of wonderful classical music comes from orchestras I've never heard of. The problem here, though, is that just about every piece is flat and lifeless--and decidedly electronic. I would not have thought it possible that I would find a single source with versions of Bach's &#34;Toccata and Fugue,&#34; Orff's &#34;O Fortuna,&#34; and Mussorgsky's &#34;Night on Bald Mountain&#34; that I truly disliked. I was wrong. I listened first to &#34;Toccata and Fugue,&#34; hated it, and then foolishly gave the rest of the album a listen. Nothing appealed to me here. To the contrary, I felt a great sadness at hearing these classics in their incarnations here. I strongly urge anyone considering purchasing this to listen to as much and as many of the previews as possible. Maybe this will be someone else's cup of tea. It certainly was not mine--especially when I heard &#34;O Fortuna&#34; without vocals. (And I'm pretty sure there's no actual organ in &#34;Toccata and Fugue&#34; here.)
It seems as though the full recording for each lesson is cut short or not fully added, which makes for a confusing recording. I wish I had the real records for this.
I don't think that putting the word &#34;punk&#34; in the title of this did anybody any favors. If you like punk music you will hate this and if you hate punk music you won't bother sampling it.  If it were called &#34;Pop Goes Christmas&#34; it would be preferable. Personally, I find the samples boring. Would not buy it.  If you like American Idol type music, give it a listen.
This line of &#34;Punk&#34; Goes albums has gone downhill fast! This Christmas album is a shining example of that.  Don't waste you're money...
Can't stand this...took a chance since it was free. I should charge them to get rid of it! Double Echhh!
Do not get me wrong, I am a die hard up front Kool & The Gang fan.  I'm talking the Uptown Theater in Philadelphia when it cost my mom $2.50 for a ticket to see them (aging myself).  A kick butt day at the office, I have a Kool & the Gang Station.  I hope you get my point.  The only thing about this CD that was Kool & the Gang was the wording on the front art.  I even went back to double check to make sure I had purchased the correct product.  I love these guys, but this is one time this 40 year member was disappointed.  -Bobby D  Lititz Pa.
Marc must have  gotten a bunch of friends to write 5 star reviews.  I really was looking forward to getting this and even showed my support on the Kick Start campaign.  Unfortunately the CD is quite horrible.  The music selections are not memorable and a few border on unlistenable.  I can't quite understand how someone hearing these songs actually thought they were worth putting in a collection.Will toss the CD I burned and delete the songs from my computer - hate to waste the space.
most annoying music. Had to turn it off to talk to friends. I could not even tell that it was Christmas music
It was stated it was a mp3 file.  It was not.  Had to be played on your player from your cloud file database.
I was so disappointed with this--thank goodness it was a &#34;free&#34; offer from Topsavings! All instrumental renditions with odd arrangements. I do not recommend it for an uplifting Christmas.
Treacle.  Truly soul-sucking noise. But it, like his "books," is review-proof, as Beck-bots will part with their money for whatever garbage their idol deposits in front of them.
This album is terrible. When you take a bunch of artists that have never met, throw them in a house for a few days, and say make me an album, this is what you get. These arrangements are terrible and lack any inspiration. Everyone of these arrangements is done far better somewhere else. If you like the song, go find a better arrangement. GB plays these on this program, but I really doubt he listens to any of these in the car or at home when no cameras or mics are around to promote this album.GB-Maybe take some time next go round and not just throw something together. Christmas will happen again next year, so you have plenty of time to put some thought into it, because this really seems like GB said &#34;oh no, Christmas is in a couple months and I don't have anything to sell!&#34;  Don't buy garbage just because it's produced by someone you want to support, demand quality.
This is horrible. Not much more to say. Could ruin the holiday spirit to say nothing about Christmas. Bah humbug.
These are meandering, sappy, amateurish arrangements.  The musicians are competent enough but their performances are unfocused and uninspired.  The  equalization and general sound quality is like finger nails on a blackboard.  When I hear them on the radio I can't get the volume turned down fast enough.  I was disappointed that Glenn Beck didn't give us something inspiring and uplifting for Christmas.
Just Awful, I really wouldn't waste your money on this.Coil have been covered beautifully in the past, seeThe Dark Age of LoveBut now matter how hard I try I just can't find anything positive to say about this.I'm also quite sure that whoever owns the copyright will have not given any kind of permission in the slightest.Amazon take note..
Be warned! Not only is this album total rubbish, it also breaks copyright laws and essentially is taking money from the estates of the deceased Jhonn Balance & Peter Christopherson - attempting to make money from their amazing work by stealing their music and doing appalling cover versions of it. I'm giving it 1 star only because it isn't possible to give it none, or negative marks...No true Coil fan would go within a million miles of this album, avoid like the plague...
I love Michael W. Smith but this CD was very disappointing. Odd arrangements of Christmas songs. Various artists - hmmmm.Michael W. Smith is difficult to find. Getting rid of it. No need to keep it.
I was really hoping Kev was going to bounce back with this album after the disappointment of his last album. However, it seems to repeat here on the follow up to the last.Track one &#34;The Town Drunk&#34; sounds like Kev is trying to rework his old hit &#34;Last Larger Waltz&#34;. It does not come off of a great sequel, or remake. Easily forgettable.Next up is &#34;Rancid Rozitta&#34;, again, is Kev trying to re-write a classic? This one sounds like a remade version of &#34;Manual The Bandito&#34;, only this one's a about a Spanish prostitute. *shakes head* wasn't worth it.Track 3 &#34;I think i've outlived me&#34;... Kev, what are you doing? Now you're trying to re-write &#34;Me D$#@ on the Doll&#34; amongst others. It sounds like Kev's crude lyrics, but to say a new classic? Nope. Come on Kev, don't let me down, these first 3 songs are just the fillers right, something classic is about to play, right?Track 4. &#34;Better Get Betty Home&#34; - Well, same tune is many before... this just sounds like a bunch of things he has written before. She did choose the best tattoo you could get tho!Track 5. &#34;Thank for driving me to drink&#34;... but unfortunately I can't say thanks for the song Kev. This happened on the last album too, Kev wrote a bunch of songs, based around jokes everyone knows. This one is pretty much the list of reasons why beer is better than a woman. Quite frankly, I'd rather just read it than hear it. I really wish Kev would return to his tongue in cheek lyrics, not trying to compose music to well known jokes.Track 6 &#34;The Cockatoo Song&#34;... didn't your daughter do this song on her last album? Why??? Again, based on a joke. And not working better as a song. The use of the word as a double meaning, it's already been made classic in Australiana by Austen Tayshus.Onto 7.... &#34;Coulda Been, Shoulda Been&#34;.... can't see this ever being asked to be played live. It's not working... filler track.8... &#34;Dickens Cider&#34;... Oh god Kev, everyone has already heard the fake commercial of this on the net already. It didn't need to be re-done as a song. And it's not a better way to hear it. I'm just about crying right now from disappointment that I have not laughed once yet during this album.9... &#34;If it flies, floats or farks&#34;... sighs :(10... &#34;Rough Red&#34;... Another joke told as a song... WHY, WHY, WHY???? These have not worked in the past, why would they work now? Kev, please, stop with the jokes into songs. They don't work and aren't funny, because you know where it's going, and it's not clever the way it get's there... please, Kev, quit doing these things.11... &#34;Who's Permission?&#34;... This seems to be the best track on the album. However, it does not compare to his other songs about masturbating.12... &#34;Capt. Thomas Stammers&#34;... not as clever as I think Kev thinks this might have been.I hate to say this, but yes, everything about this album is actual wrong, wrong, wrong. Come on Kev. You can do so much better than this. I haven't laughed once at all during this entire album :( How is this possible? This has got to be the worst album Kev has ever done. Even Nashville Trash had better songs then this one. But I refuse to beleive Kev has lost it, it may be as they say something that comes in threes, so I guess I might be expecting this to repeat on his next album, but he's always bounced back before, so I'll cross my fingers he will come back strong next time.
Anonymous tells me on my blog:...''I just saw the meshagus on this BS, look at the album cover art, if it was done by arabs it would be called antisemitic, but since it's done by Jews it passes the litmus, er litvack, test? Poor taste in title and poor taste in cover design. the song Chanukah Baby is cute through and Rachel Bloom rocks. stick to satire and comedy and leave off attacking Christmas and bad cover art.''--Jewish mama
I bought the entire series, as there were 36 tracks for $7.98 and the topics were the ones I was most interested in.  The first track was fine, but every track after the recording made the speakers &#34;s&#34; popped like a bad lisp.  I actually tried adjusting my equalizer on both my computer's windows media and my stereo, but there was no way to get around the annoying sound, which seems more pronounced as you meditate.A second voice enters mid-track -- it's very hurried and kinda abrasive.  The introduction to all 36 tracks that induces relaxation is exactly the same -- I don't know if that's good or bad.I've used hypnosis tapes before, and I'm not sure that the opening induction matches the process of successful hypnosis tapes I've used previously.  All in all, this series is a flop.
I can really complain since it was free, but all in all I wouldn't download again or recommend to anyone.
Something about the tone of her voice cuts through my poor, innocent, naked ear drums like broken glass through saran wrap. I truly feel that some form of torture would have to be involved to make me sit still for more than one track.