Along the lines of A Fab Four Christmas and The Beatmas comes The Butties' version of "What if The Beatles sang Christmas songs?"  Overall, The Butties are good musicians, and have nice voices.  Unfortunately, none of them sound anything like the Lads from Liverpool, England.  It's difficult to explain what makes a good xmas tribute CD, but here are some requirements and my ratings of The Butties:-Vocals: 2/5 Good singers, but they don't sound like the Beatles.  American accents, etc.-Instruments: 4/5 Very authentic, and tight.-Choice of Beatles vs. Xmas Songs: 1/5 This is where it really sounds like they're forcing the issue.  Some songs are so bad, that they're unlistenable (my wife actually asked me on Christmas Day to "please turn it off" after only 2 songs).Save your money, and buy The Fab Four's version.Bobbie
Being Flemish myself I know how little my own language has changed the people singing here don't the first thing about it, and think they are singing German, by the way not the same thing. If you are looking for real Flemish medieval songs, this would not be it, the songs are OK not to great as far as medieval music goes, yet it is entertaining. I would say learn Flemish if you are going to sing it please so I can actually understand you when you sing. I othere then that if you don't care about being able to understand then I guess you will like it
I sure would like to know what her voice sounds like but the previews are so short that all you hear is a brief moment of OM intro and that is it.  All of these Mp3 previews are too short.  I would buy more if I could actually hear something that would help me assess if it is for me.
This CD's sound is kind of muffled....remastered?  I would bet NO.....a couple of good cuts but most not so great....listening to a cut or two from greatest hits version - sound was much better......and a more interesting album I would say
"The Best of Katfish" is a very weak entry in the truck driver, or "truckstop humor" category.  I'll forego the obvious cheapshot line.The perpetrator here is "Katfish," a man who unsuccessfully tries to ape the style and comedy of the late Gene Tracy, the artist who pioneered the genre.  It should come as no surprise that we never heard from Katfish again after this album.  The jokes are embarrassingly bad.  Even worse is the fact that the man has absolutely no sense of comic timing.  While weak material can *sound* funny if the performer's delivery is good, it's doubtful Katfish could even get a laugh from good material.  He hurries through most of the jokes like he's reading them, which softens the punch lines.  He could just as well be reading the newspaper.He sounds uncomfortable.Songs in this collection suffer from the same lack of wit and originality as the jokes, but they do have catchy melodies and sound professionally produced.  One saving grace is that Katfish does have a great baritone singing voice (if indeed he is the vocalist heard on the songs).  In fact, the production value of the whole recording is very high.  It's just the comedic talent of the performer that is sorely lacking.Two stars, for recording quality and the singing voice.
As you can tell from listening to the snippets, there's something really wrong with this archival recording. The first and last tracks are out of sync in the left and right channels, and all the tracks suffer from pre and post delay which makes me think we're dealing with some unedited open-reel dubs that weren't properly stored. And since there are no liner notes whatsoever, there's no extra value to be had from buying the CD over the downloads. Just a handful of poorly recorded (and completely unedited) gossip sessions discussing the scene and various stars (Hendrix, Janis Joplin, etc.) of the day.
all the tracks have a random sampling rate1 track had no more than 50 kbs
Love his voice but the production value was lacking. Great song selection and I could listen to his voice all day.
Thought it was music ...was a book being read. Will be great to listen to on a long trip north.
I purchased "i know a rose tree" by "secret garden" from this album, because it is a very beautiful song and very hard to find without purchasing costly imports.  My recommendation... buy a costly import.  This song is literally chopped off at 3:00 with a bad fade.  While the rest sounds great (as great as a 256kbps mp3 can sound) the full song is about 5:00.  That's 2:00 of song cut off, and the portion cutoff is the climactic joining of all the instruments and vocals together.  Bummer.p.s. check out imeem.com to hear the whole song legally for free.
This isn't funny to me: Hi, I'm a comedian and sometimes comedians do this kind of thing or that kind of thing, and I'm going to do this kind of thing right now.  That is essentially the kind of humor you will find on this album.  It doesn't work for me because it dissolves any pretense of spontaneity.  Katz brags that he has been doing comedy for so long that he's not at all uncomfortable "working the room."  He then proceeds to "work the room."  Some of the jokes and set-ups are good, but he keeps ruining the routine by commenting on what he is doing as a comedian, and talking about what he used to do as a comedian, instead of actually being funny in the moment that is being recorded.  He's at times either trying too hard or not hard enough, and this fragmented approach to comedy doesn't make me laugh.
Peter Handford was a genius in a music studio. Happily he spent his spare time by the lineside in  the 1950s and 1960s with what was then very sophisticated portable equipment. His mission? To record the sounds of the end of steam traction on Great Britain's railways.Of all Handford's vinyl albums, Trains in the Night was probably the best. The opening recording of a 'Castle' class is amazing - you can almost see the engine as it heads away to London. But the piece de resistance is the closing track of a K3 on a freezing, snowy night. Every time I play it I actually feel cold (even in California!). The way the tracks were sequenced and the quality of the recording made Trains in the Night something very special.So what of this CD? Well, it simply won't do. ASV have ruined a fine work by omitting some of the best items and throwing in a completely unnecessary overseas recording. This really jars - a bit like buying a Beach Boys album and having Meatloaf doing a song in the middle. So you are basically getting just some of the original, but you'd be better to pick up a used vinyl copy in the UK and have it transferred to DVD. Five stars for the original album, but two for this weak remake.
same old music and sounds as every other Halloween CD. Disapointed. Will not order these again. Even the new ones that come out, different packaging, same content.
I bought this to have a guided meditation of the Merkaba.The album is about 43 minutes long which contains a quad-druplicate of most of the tracks. I contacted Amazon to tellthem to tell the vender of this.The meditation was great but the value of purchasingthe album was not.
The  instrumentals really throw off the energy of the album!  Make sure you listen to each sample before you buy.
I bought the set of all 3 files and they are all in the same key! There is no medium key. It's labeled medium key, but it is the same.
I can't even take any of this topic seriously because the narrator is so awful. It sounds like the old Casey Kasem show. To be fair, he may work great on another topic, but this has zero emotion attached to it and I would NOT reccomend it to anyone. Buy the real book instead.
I like the voice of the speaker, clearly and good to understand for me as english is not my mother-language.But the music is too loudly. Impossible to listen to the voice!  I'm so sorry.
Yes, sometimes I do think Ray and the rest of the DKs'll do things like this just to make Jello nuts!  Sure, there are those out there who'd throw the word "sell out" around, but I don't know -- maybe they should be saying, "cut off the nose to spite the face."  I don't think it's really about money anymore.  Hopefully, I'm wrong and this isn't an approved license, but just some king of legal karaoke copyright exemption loophole.Actually, it's not a bad cover, per se. It's just the principle behind the matter.  It actually occurred to me as an interesting idea when the band reformed that they should play shows as an instrumental three piece without a replacement singer.  Maybe this is what that would have been like?
This is the 1926 version which is fine, but I wish I had been told this before I bought it.The sound is good, the voice is clear, but I want my money back because each time the book discusses Jesus or Christ or even some story from the New Testament the audio COMPLETELY skips this section.I want a complete reading, not a version edited according the bias of the reader.
This album was okay, but  not as funny as I thought it would be. I have heard a lot better. This one was kind of boreing.
I'm not sure why Amazon recommended that I buy this, but on a whim I decided to take a leap of faith and give this album a try.The album seems to come from a Pagan group. Looking at the track names themselves is evidence of this: References to a calling (and releasing) of the elements, nature imagery, and direct references to witches. Okay, cool! Great! Paganism could use some representation in modern music.I appreciate the album as a concept and there are some points of interest here, but overall it's bad. It's really bad. I don't know why I didn't use those great little preview buttons to listen to some snippets before I bought this album, but god damn I sure will next time.Let's go track by track.1. Ember's Dance: A rhythmic drumming track. The groove is good. Not particularly interesting, but it serves as a good introductory track I suppose.2. Calling of the Elements: A reading that might be done before a ceremony. Do you remember in grade school when you'd have to get up in front of the class and read poetry? That's what this sounds like. The reading is very stiff with a synthesizer in the backgrounds and thunder sounding between each stanza,I suppose an attempt to be dramatic. It just doesn't work here.3. I'll Fly Away (With You Someday): The vocalist here reminds me of an old Bob Dylan having smoked too much and trying to be really cool, but failing. He will unfortunately stay with us throughout much of the album. The synth is prominent here again, with a decent sounding guitar playing rhythm. The melody is rather forgettable and there are some pitch issues with the vocals.4. Song of the Raven: The vocalist from track #3 (I'll just call him Bob from now on) return with a song about relating to Raven. This one isn't too bad. Laid back, mellow, more synth and guitar work. Definitely has it's charm, but the vocals again are annoying. There's a lot of fall-off at the end of every phrase with a sing-songy feel.5. Leap of Faith: By the time I got here I regretted that I had taken one myself. Predictable chord structure, and you can really get a clear version of the &#34;Old Dylan trying to sound like a cool dude&#34; action here again. Mercifully short.6. Jasmine Flame: Another poetry reading. Short, and apparently Ron Brindamour's only appearance on the album. A shame since he has a good reading voice. If he could read a little more naturally this guy might have a career as a professional reader.7. The Good Witch's Waltz: Bob returns once more, but in the form of a waltz. With waltzes, the stiffer recitation of lyrics seems to work better. If you can deal with the vocal style there's some fun and playful imagery here. There's a painful (but mercifully short) synth solo about halfway through.8. Shadowland: Taking a hard departure from the album so far, with synth and a warm and bright guitar, this opens with more of a rock and roll sound. But unfortunately, despite the opening bars, it devolves into very much of what you've heard before. Sing songy, melodies we have heard before, and some unfortunate problems with the vocals not singing in time with the instrumentation.9. Native American Chant: Brightfeather Brindamour offers a real bright spot on the album. Accompanied by a drum and a quiet rattle, Brightfeather sings in what I assume is a language native to the Americas. Simple but effective and enjoyable.10. Athena: A telling of a story about Athena. Forgettable, but thankfully Bob put the distortion away for this.11. The Cathedral: More stilted recitation of poetry with some very odd voice acting. It's as if someone is trying to sound creepy and mysterious, but it just doesn't come across very well. Unfortunate. The recitation of &#34;Holy, holy, holy&#34; between stanzas serves more as a distraction than an emphasis.12. Midnight Rain: Bob's back, with more of the same. If you've managed to get this far through the album, you won't have heard anything you haven't heard before.13. Lumberjack: Wait a minute... Didn't I hear this melody back on track... ... Wait... Hold on... Yup, it's musically very nearly identical to &#34;I'll Fly Away&#34;. A different key maybe, but the melody almost identical. This only solidifies the homogeneity of the album as a whole.14. On That Day: Literature recitation with imagery and metaphor. I'm not quite sure what it is about (I really don't want to suffer listening to it again, my apologies), but some of the odd use of sound effects really detracts from the reading. The ostinato and the synth is fine, but then there's some other odd stuff going on that just doesn't really work.15. Charge of the Crone: Bob's back. Mercifully short.16. Cemetery Road: Bob's back. Twice as long as the previous track. The mix on this track is a little odd. Most of the other tracks on this album are mixed and balanced well enough, but the vocals seem to get a bit lost here among the instrumentals. I'm not complaining though.17. Coven Song: A good intro, but then Bob enters again, and the cheap synth soon after. The two have problems working together, with Bob rushing ahead of the synth only to pull back again at the start of the next line. Now, I know that it sounds like I rip a lot on Bob's vocal abilities, but I really do think that had a different vocalist been chosen for this album that everything would have been more enjoyable.18. Well Met: A reading by Solitaire. This is a cool track. It's a short story that moves through the Tarot's major arcana. I very much appreciated how well the text was written, and I wish that it had been fleshed out and made longer. The reader, eh, not so great, but in the context of the album, this is one of the better tracks.19. Elements Released: Our little journey is over, so it's time to dismiss the spirits that we called to ourselves on track #2. This must mean we're near the end.20. Ember's Dance: And we are. I think it's a repeat of the first track, if not, it's a second recording that sounds very similar. Some drumming, a little bit of flute, good groove.Overall, I do want to say that I appreciate the concept of the album and the effort that was put into it. I can see where everyone was going with it, but unfortunately the performance was at its best lackluster, and at its worst simply intolerable. I can see myself returning to it briefly to transcribe Well Met, but I can't see myself listening through this album again for any kind of pleasure.I have a dilemma here. The vocals and the arrangements are so excruciatingly bad that giving it two stars feels generous. However, there are very, very few albums with this kind of &#34;new age&#34; / pagan content, so giving it one star feels a bit mean.I'd rather be generous than mean, so it gets two stars.
This collection and more are available from internet archives. org in the radio section (otr) for free.  Type in Bogart in the search in otr and it will give you all of this plus more.
The sounds are fine, but they're so monotonous and simple that it's quite boring after awhile. You might as well listen to the cricket trapped in your basement.
I listenend to the Vibrato chapter on this CD. Well, it only explains and illustrates what vibrato is. (though it talks about needing good breath support to perform vibrato) otherwise, not much practice on how to do it.If you're looking to learn how to improve your vibrato, check out Audrey Hunt online.
I liked the soundbite that Amazon provides but this very long piece of music is only worth the 99 cents it costs.  Before you complain, I LOVE ambient music and new sounds and I like long peaceful music to relax to.  In fact, I'm listening to a 70 minute Harold Budd piece right now that's somewhat more engaging than Iasos' Javanese Dream Bells.  I had hoped that the soundbite would serve as a foundation for more exotic explorations of Javanese Dream Bell music but I was left unfulfilled.  The same 5 notes and pause occur throughout the piece with virtually no change.  The composer spent no energy trying new sounds, new or different tones or rhythms.  There are many pauses in the music which grabbed my attention.  What?  Is something new going to happen?  Well...not exactly...  In my case, I wanted more than this 72 minute piece could muster.
I met Buch Patrick and he sold me a CD, which only had this one song on it. The song is not that good. It's corny and dumb. Not nearly as food as "Whatever Happened To Eddie?". Well, at least he signed the CD for me. That's something.
Some of these tracks are funny, but these guys are so over the top and use so much profanity that it detracts from the humor angle they were originally going for. Not everything has to have a curse word in order to be funny. Some of the tracks are ok, but overall, I can't recommend purchasing this entire album.
I was very disappointed in this tape because he uses negative imagery as well as positive.  I beleive in the law of attraction and I was cringing through the entire part where you look in a mirror at yourself out of control being fat and anti-social.  Then you look at the in control you and later toss a brick at the out of control one.  You spend way too much time focusing on negative images.
The other two Sounds of Nature hour-long tracks are very nice and quite relaxing as background sounds; sitting there with my Bose headphones on and reading I can almost forget that they are there. Not so with midnight forest. This one is obnoxious with a too-loud fire crackle and incessant dog barking (wolf-howling). It was almost like they were discontent to have the subtleties of the forest and instead made a loud and annoying track.
I liked the preview very much and purchased this. Something went wrong with the download and I can't figure out how to repeat the download. All links send me back to product page where I should pay again.
I was trying this CD after doingVoice Lessons To Go's -Vocalize!for about couple of years (which helped me immensely to get going as a singer, by the way).  So, I was looking for the next step.  I thought this CD would give me something to work on next.  But, it turned to be a waste of money for me.  Yeah, the concept is nice, you sing along after a saxaphone.  With that, you get some ear-training.  But, it's very light, not that challenging.  No significant improvement in my voice or singing abilities from this CD.  You get two karaoke style songs in the last couple of tracks.  Ok, that may be worth something, if you want those songs.  I was going to try the next CDs in this series.  But, I've lost interest.  Overall, if you are looking some real meaty vocal training try Voice Lessons To Go, and consider this CD as a very quickly passing fancy at best.
Don't get me wrong, I love Tim and Eric's ultra-lame comedy shtick as much as the next guy.  However, hearing Josh Groban perform these songs on the mock Cinco Ad for those cassette tapes makes the standard performances from the show sound like garbage.  Why aren't those performances for sale?  And the new Kanye West tweet album?! Also, Casey's songs weren't that funny to begin with.  The funny part was that he was puking all over himself and had severe eczema.  And "his brother" just provided some typical Eric Wareheim awkwardness. The songs themselves are pretty lame.  Buy the DVDs instead.
doesn't even help wot relaxation for me. I tried four times and still wanted a cigarette during the whole time.
I love Josh Blue's self-depreciating humor, but this album was just depressing. His jokes are funny, but alot of the album is awkward silence as Josh tries to respond to audience members who actually heckle him throughout the show. Audience members talk loudly during the entire performance. At times Josh can barely get a word in, and it's painful to hear him lose his confidence.
It was too short and I did not fall asleep even after listening to the recording twice. It has a nice cadence, just needs to add some more depth.
this audio track consists primarily of the author reading a list of emotion words.  Was not that useful to me.
I purchased this w/ high hopes! I have had great results w/ Beta and Alpha waves and I was hoping to expand my collection of "study" sounds/music. I tried using this A+ Part 2 a few times now and each time I find myself distracted by the sounds/beats. I  have found more benefit in Erick Browns products and the adhd beta series...I cannot discount this particular system for everyone..all I know is that it wasn't ideal for me...
The music in this was so annoying and distracting! Something about this track just made it difficult for me to follow along and stay focused. The title of this track suggests that it involves hypnosis. It doesn't. I've used hypnosis programs before and found them useful. This is just a bunch of visualization. I also feel like the content of this track wasn't very useful. Exploring the reasons why someone procrastinates just feels like more procrastinating. Often, people with this problem are very mental - they live in their heads and have rich inner lives but have a difficult time ACTING. THINKING and pondering the whole issue more is NOT helpful. I'll be looking for another program to help me with this issue. I can't recommend this one.
just record a positive message to yourself,or better yet have some friend with a pleasant voice record affirmations for you. this guy is okay,and what he says does make sense...but it will not get lodged in your subconscious,or change your life, anymore than a life affirming song would...maybe even less.  I suggest Natasha Bedingfield. "weightless" let this message seduce you into a great mood.
Not what I was expecting. They are okay Halloween songs, and I did preview them before hand, but it was just not what I was looking for.
I enjoyed the selection of music.  However, I was unable to download the music to my MP3 player.  I called Amazon and received poor assistance.  I also called my MP3 player to no avail.
I love Halloween but honestly wish I would have bought another product and not this one. I really wish would have held out until found a better album out there.
This album shows the limits of "sampling" when the artists being sampled -- in this case Barack Obama and Dr. Martin Luther King -- are geniuses and the sample-ers are mediocre soft-pop musicians.
This popped up in my Amazon suggestions so I clicked.  Each track said it was in the style of TSO... but I really don't think so.  I could see where someone who was not a TSO fan might think they sound similar -- heavy electric guitar riffs, melodic keyboard-laden sequences -- but it's just not there for me.  This year will be the 8th in a row I've seen TSO live (and of course I own their albums), and this is really not TSO.  And without the TSO magic this just sounds clich&eacute; and not particularly Christmas-y.  IMHO.
Wow, this is so weird.  It talks and has this bizzare music that is supposed to be motivating.  But all it really motivates me to do is tip my head like my labrador and say, &#34;huh&#34;?
I thought it would help me learn some of the words and phrases from different countries. Although they teach some, there is not enough that makes it worth the cost. It repeats the simple words a lot (5 times).
I like Oro Solido and I like my merengue but not a huge fan of reggaeton.  This cd had too much reggaeton and not enough merengue for my taste.  And not only that, their reggaeton didn't have a style distinctly their own.  It was too close to the stuff already out there, too canned.  I would have rather they stuck to merengue for the entire cd.  Maybe the more I listen to it the more it will grow on me.  BTW I'm latino, bilengual and like all styles of latin music except Tropical.  Just in case you thought I was some white boy who happened to pick up this cd not knowing what I was buying.
I didn't care for the production of the CD.  I was looking for a reading of the Gospel of John, not a boardway production.
which I heard yesterday at the Village of Sherman Oaks. I loved it so much I bought the CD. However, the quality of the CD is very very poor.  It spoiled the music for me.  If I were you I would take it off the market until you can get  a better recording.My name is Esther Asimow, and my daughter is writing this for me since I can't use computers.
I must disagree with the 3 previous reviewers.  This is mostly mellow instrumental music with lots of violins and piano.  I get the "symphonic" part, but where's the "rock"?  Very little electric guitar.  I kept waiting for the music to shift to a higher gear, but it never did.  This should not be in the progressive rock genre.
Good with his impersonations but really, most of the stories are a little long and lame. Not all, but most. Sorry Kevin.
This is really cheap so allowance might be made for the  strange sound - I have managed to make this sound better using an audio editing suite but I think that there have been problems with the transfer (phasing?) that could be remedied by amazon.This is however a nice  historical  document, recorded when 1984 was still a long way into the future - it should be checked out by Orwell lovers.
... It is also pretty much the same, song after song.  I will admit that I think it is better than what "The Sirens" put out, based on the 30-second samplers that I get to hear on this album, but it is also just more of the same screaming, moaning, groaning, etc. - like a "Chilling, Thrilling Sounds Of The Haunted House"-type of CD with Dance Music and Techno added.  If I really had to choose between this and the one that "The Sirens" put out,(See the review on their album marked, "Yawn...BORING!")  then I would choose this one.  But, since I am not forced to choose, I will wait for the price to go down more before I consider buying it.
I should have taken a cue from the fact that the album contains only two of the original songs. If I had looked closely I would have seen the title is &#34;Hamster Ranch Paranoid&#34;.  Lesson learned: if the track list doesn't look right then look closer.If I had realized this wasn't the original artist I wouldn't have purchased it.
The songs all sound the same. The music is boring and the vocals are monotone!  I feel bad giving this a bad review but the music clips can only let you know so much and I didn't realize how boring these songs were. It's a good idea gone wrong.
This guy over stresses syllables making it super annoying to listen to. I felt like I was listening to a big nerd.
I think the hypnosis itself is decent, but there's a problem with audio quality.  There're static and noise in the first several minutes of the recording.  I'm not sure whether it's a recording issue at the source or it's an issue at the Amazon server while the audio was being converted to MP3.At any rate, due to the aforementioned static it's difficult to fall into deep relaxation.
I love listening to Abraham but we never hear enough of actual details of how to actually become effective and productive in creating our desires into reality. I feel like I want Abraham to do a step-by-step and play-by-play on how to think accurately. Giving advice and expect us to go home and perform life-changing thoughts, meditate, create is not helpful. We don't know what we're doing. Telling us to go out on our own and create so we can keep ourselves out of the hospital or from getting cancer seems like a horrible set up. If we bought these we expected to learn Abraham's teachings like Esther has but I feel cheated because I don't feel I am getting Abraham's teaching but second hand testimonies without the experiences. We can't have what Esther has we just get CD's and seminar workshops to hear testimonies to make other people rich. Did they help the masses around the world so they can access the knowledge of Laws of Attraction to help them grow crops in a desert or earn living wages for practically slave labor foe export to wealthier countries? This is same stiff rehashed nothing going more to teach us 'how'.
The idea of learning geography by singing songs is good, but the music is SO bad.  If you have any musical experience, at all, this disc will leave you cringing.  We're a musical family and we just can't listen to this.  The hokey keyboard effects and terrible singing are just too much.  We did try, though!  The book is good...nice drawings of all of the places.
I bought this but wasn't thrilled with it after I did. It was ok but I've purchased better before. Sorry
It was lousy music for a meditation.  I didn't like it.  Ther wasn't anything soothing about that CD.  I didn't like the DVD's either.
Vocabulearn Korean is good because it says the words were you can understand them and gives enough time to repeat them. The problem is that words are in no particular order. The first word would be "mother" than the next would be "Friday", than "hand". I guess if you don't mind just having random words thrown out then this is good. Also, although I am a beginner to Korean language I do know some words. There are words in the list that are wrong. They use "Omonim" instead of "omonee" or "omma". "omonim" is mother in law.
Lacks instruction, talks about dream yoga, but not how to work with dreams.. no technique, disappointing
Seems to set up a lot of straw men that I could not relate to.  Was not helpful.  I like Dr Joel Fuhrman's books for Diet and releasing books for getting over compulsion to eat.
I was really disappointed in this book I found it to be poorly written and they're just was not enough information.
Slow, laid-back orchestra interpretations of holiday tunes.  Really slow.  The well-known traditional pieces are fun, but it seems like half the album is obscure (to me, anyway) stuff included because it has either Chirstmas or holiday in the title.  The liner notes paint a picture of relaxing in front of the fire after hosting a christmas party while enjoying the album.  The music does live up to that, but the style begins to wear thin all too soon - I couldn't even finish listening to the album.  In addition, the "remaster" either was too faithful to the original or maybe the original wasn't all that good to begin with, but the listening sounds pretty low-fi.  I'd say the album is worth having for four or five of the pieces, but not at full price.  My guess is that you'll see this for a dollar or two next year.
This album has traditional Christmas music played on violin, and while some of the songs are done very well, the overall quality of the ablum is quite uneven. There are a couple of songs that just sound wierd, like the disc is faulty, or the cd burning was off register. I would not recommend this due to the poor quality control of the recording.
You love Donuts, Go Nuts. I love Donuts, Go Nuts. I've never heard this "full band" version before, but it's really cluttered and just... bad. Listen to the 30 second sample before you buy this song. This isn't the beautiful, simple ukelele version you hear in the game, hear Matt Chaney perform live, or hear on YouTube. This song definitely didn't need a guitar, drums, and whatever else is in here. Why can't I just buy the version of this song everyone loves?
I ordered what I thought was a regular length cd of ragtime music.I got a seven minute track....that's all.
The artist is a fine musician but there is only one song on the CD, 7 min. long.  I was hoping for more of his music.
I am not sure if the people who made this album intended to have an annoying hiss run through the majority of their tracks or if it is just really poor quality on the part of the sound editing, but either way it sounds pretty bad and really makes half this album horrible to listen too.  I only bought a few selected tracks and not the entire album and I am sure glad I did because if the tracks I purchased, which all have that annoying hiss, are any indication of what the rest of the album is like I would have been asking for a refund.  Also, don't you think it is rather interesting that all these rave reviews were left within days of each other (some on the same day) and all are 5 stars?  I guess it's good to have friends with Amazon accounts who can leave positive reviews to boost your album's rating.
Bobby "Boris" Pickett's "Monster Rap" is, unsurprisingly, a boldly original, yet insightfully subtly nuanced exploration of the early rap movement.Oh, hold on. Wait a minute...It turns out it's just another self-parody of his glory days (?) of "Monster Mash," featuring the same hokey monster elements with the (very) dubious addition of rapping that made this a significant release for the Dr. Demento crowd. Note that there are multiple lengths available; I recommend the "Radio Edit," primarily because it's shorter.This is certainly not Pickett's greatest work, but when you are living in the shadows of such hits as "Rabian The Fiendage Idol" and "Blood Bank Blues" it's difficult to live up to your former glory. Recommended only for diehard fans of Pickett, musical parody of questionable quality, or...wait...that's about it, actually.I gave it two stars because I'm in a generous mood today, and because I am perpetually amused that Pickett succeeded in getting people to buy a variety of versions of what is thematically essentially the same song for decades. Bravo, Bobby!
Not fast enough! To get any cardio benifit it needs to be faster for me. Perhaps if your new to exercise it's a good place to start!
I have purchased 5 of Michael Emery's NLP recordings.  I was disappointed with the Creative Space recording because the background music is too loud compared to Michael Emery's voice. The drum tapping and piano is distracting and I found myself listening to the drums and piano instead of what Michael was saying.These recordings by Michael Emery are much better.Sheer resolve to do what it takesPut off procrastinationPure Focus
I listened to the preview and I find it kind of annoying that this is even listed with all of these musical pieces.
Unfortunately there are no refunds for MP3 items purchased at Amazon per Amazon's policy.  I purchased several other MP3 sessions from Michael Emery that I absolutely love, but this is not one of them.Amazon policy states to contact the seller prior to leaving negative feedback, but I can't find a way to contact Mr. Emery on Amazon.Anyway, I'm giving this product 2 stars because it plays in chunks of approximately 3 minutes each - making it difficult to relax while listening to.  I won't be using this download because of it.
I don't know if there are any ocean sounds in it.  But I do hear as if it's was a rainy day and near a highway where cars goes by.  Bottom line, the sound is not clear, waste of money.
The track for "Sleigh Ride" actually skips and contains minor speed fluctuations! By no means a "digital remaster." Even for 99 cents it's a rip-off!
I purchased this at the same time as Diane's Weight Loss Step 1. The weight loss MP3 is much better, I daydream a lot during this track and so far have not found it modifying my exercising. I will keep trying it and will update if I find any changes.
The instrumentals were nice but the vocals were horrid.  I actually removed all of the tracks with vocals.  I expected so much better.
Yeah...Celtic-style versions of Christmas Carols is a good idea.  Maybe, like me, you loved watching &#34;A Child's Christmas in Wales&#34;.  But these are bad arrangements played rather robotically (could be MIDI instruments for all I know) and pretty poor singing.  They didn't throw much talent or effort at this record.
I usually love any kind of celtic music but I would have preferred instrumental rather than singing. The singers voice wasn't very good at all. It sounded like someone gave one of their family members their big chance. lol
Was ok but not greatyou want too many words to explain ones opinion of the musicsome people don't have that much to say
Would have preferred more vocal instead of all instrumental.  In addition I am unable to download the album from the Cloud to my computer.  Have been disconnected numerous times when trying to talk to your customer service.
If this album was entirely instrumental, it would have earned more stars. The vocal tracks made me cringe. Don't waste your money. Go for The Chieftains Christmas album instead.
Unamginative orchestrations, some songs are not obviously Christmas songs.  Barely worth the small price I paid for it.  Nota good deal
Was hoping for more with this but in hindsight wasn't a great purchase... some of the instrumentals are not bad but otherwise not of the quality of 'Celtic Woman'
I don't think so. Yes, there are a few nice harp and instrumental which give it a &#34;Celtic&#34; flavor, but overall, the album is a disappointment. The vocals are dreadful. The instrumentals are okay. But for 69 cents? Eh! I just don't think it's even worth that incredibly low price because of the time you must take to delete the crappy vocal songs. There are a lot better Celtic Christmas albums that actually feature Celtic music themed about Christmas. Find one of those.
Was hoping for a sweeter sounding, more lively woman's voice and more male voices! The music itself though is enchanting!
with the songs here and would not recommend this to anyone.  Then again, I do not like songs with no vocal accompaniment, and that didn't help things.
I don't get the whole Fred phenomona. I mean he isn't that funny and one can only take so much of his high pitched computerized voice. However, this cd is actually good. The first two are anyway. The problem is that though the first two songs are catchy and the lyrics are witty and cute he interjects too much and ruins the song. There doesn't need to be a scream or an interjection of "that's really creepy" after every line.
It says Karaoke but is in reality a backing track.  There are no graphics with this item.  I will not be buying anymore so called "Karaoke" from Amazon!
Don't me wrong, I've been a Steve Wariner fan for years, but this album is boring!!!!! If you want to kick back and fall asleep listening to Christmas music then this is the CD to do it with.  Warning, don't pop it into the CD player in your car or you might fall asleep at the wheel.  Steve is an exceptionally talented musician and I admire his talent, but I just don't have much good to say about this particular album
The content is excellent - very informative and the meditations are soothing and easy to follow.  There are NO track separations; however, making this download very difficult to use.
I have the soul of healing that was awesome this is similiar to that music not as soothing though, but he had a little extra info so its a good companion to the Soul of healing which is fantastic highly reccomend that one also from deepak
CD doesn't work and won't play in my CD player. I have tried several different machines. I felt very disappointed.
I found this to be a waste of money, Deepak is an intelligent and spiritual man but sometimes it seems painfully obvious that what he is trying to monetize is a gimmick
I've got one word for you:  Seagulls.  How the sound of seagulls could ever be seen as relaxing I will never know.  I bought this CD and thought everything about it was great.  There was thunder, rain, waves but then the seagulls starting chiming in and it drove me crazy.  I ended up buying something else and have not listened to this since.  Not a huge fan.
The voice is nice.  The positive messages in the meditation are good.  BUT, BUT, BUT there are to many negative messages, which have backfire potential.Example:  one positive suggestion is that the listener eat no more than is necessary during a meal.  BUT that sensible message is followed by a declaration that if one eats too much during a meal, "the food will simply turn to fat inside you."Actually, the body could INSTEAD eliminate any excess food as waste.  So, why not instruct the body to do just that?Why give hypnotic suggestions to someone that if he/she eats too much during a meal, it'll "simply turn to fat inside you"?I urge the producers to eliminate negative, potentially counter-productive messages.  Until they do, I would AVOID this meditation.
Don't be fooled by the beautiful pic and calming words used to describe this music. It's Very Disappointing. Actually boring. Just a constant stream of water. No variation like a real waterfall. Nothing tranquil or relaxing about this sound. Do Not waste your time or 0.99.
The thunder is too much. I need a calmer sound to help me sleep so I can't use it at all!
This sequence misses a few key poses essential to the ashtanga series. It is not the complete series. I don't use it much. The teacher is alright though.
I've read Earl Nightingale and though his ideas were a little old fashioned, compared to Hill, Nightingale was open-minded. I didn't enjoy the tone of the book and the references it used as examples. I guess I just didn't enjoy it.
I commute several hours per day and listen to tons of podcasts on my daily commute.  I am preparing for the ITIL Foundations exam, so I thought this would be a good investment.  While I am grateful that such an audiobook exists, I am disappointed by the quality of the product.  The author literally just read from a script -- no emotion or emphasis on anything.  It is like listening to someone read legal contracts.PRO's:- MP3 format allows you to put this onto just about any MP3 player- The only ITIL v3 Foundations prep guide in audio format that I'm aware of- Chapters are clearly labeled on each MP3- Covers the same ITIL v3 Foundations content that all other written material covers, but in audioCON's:- The author simply reads from a script, so it is extremely mono-tone and dull- The author doesn't pause between sentences or topics, so you don't have time to digest information- The author seems like he's speed-reading through the whole thing, which makes it even more difficult to consume information- The author POPS his P's so much that it's extremely distracting (sounded like little explosions every time a "P" was read)- The author over-emphasized his S's ("schedule" is read as "SSSHHHedule")- After a few sentences I was no longer able to digest anything the author was saying because I was still two sentences back; constantly had to rewind- Does not come in an AudioBook format (although there are free products out there that convert MP3's to iTunes audiobooks)- There are silent gaps in the audio (every once in a while the audio cuts out for about 30 seconds or more)- The author frequently makes reference to slides that we don't have ("if you look on the right of the slide...")Overall, VERY POOR production quality.  I think if the text were available, you could get the about the same or better recording quality by using Microsoft Sam (Windows' built-in text-to-speech utility).  I was hoping to give this thing 5 stars, but there are way too many sloppy production issues and lack of interest on the producer to engage the audience.To improve with being able to digest the rapidly-read content, after converting the MP3 files into an iTunes audiobook, I use the feature on my iPod to slow down the reading of audiobooks -- it actually helps a lot!Good luck to everyone preparing for the exam!
The sound quality isn't clear.  I found myself having to play this several times to get the message.  To be fair I had background noise - it's been raining all morning.Please note that she has free podcasts on iTunes.  If you're on a budget, shop around for the best price.  This is on iTunes for $9.99, and 89 cents right now on Amazon.
This stuff is so much like his other material it doesn't have much of a punch anymore.  A fat man telling fat stories/jokes just doesn't strike me as humerous.
Find the biggest loser series to be pretty good.Very dissapointed on this album.Would not recommend for water sport
The songs were often with a hip-hop tape over the original song.  Do not like to walk with these songs.
Not fast enough for good exercise! For a person new to exercise it may be ok but not for some one who has been at it for awhile.
After listening to the clips on this album, I was sure I would like it. But now I hate listening to it.
I found the waves crashing to be too loud and not relaxing.  I would relax and then a wave crashed and you woke up.
I tried to sleep while listing this tape, but it's more annoying than soothing. Some people may still like it, but I definitely did not enjoy it.
I was looking for something to help my son stay asleep at night.  The crackling of the fire was extremely loud and sounded very unnatural.  It was not very calming to me.
I accidentally bought this download on my Kindle Fire, was trying to sample it & hit the buy key instead. I don't care for it, it's just not my style. Taught me not to play with my Kindle when I'm sleepy! $8.99 worth of teaching!
I have loved Margaret for years. I remember almost peeing myself laughing so hard at her jokes on several occasions.. on dvd, in person. She is truly one of comedy's greats and one of it's most original people.But what was this album? I only thought maybe 2 or 3 songs were funny enough to laugh. The rest were.. mildly amusing. A little too serous to be funny, and a little to weird or nasty to be alternative or pop or whatever each style is. The music underneath and her singing voice sound great, but they just aren't that involving or catchy. The two highlights are "Your D*ck" and "My Pu$$"... oddly enough. Those are funny. The rest.. I was sad to say, bored mostly. Again, I hate to have to say that. But I also don't think I should have to force myself to laugh if I don't have a response.I can't wait for her to have some new stand up material. I saw her in Columbus about a year ago and she left me sore laughing so much!
it's not comedy, it's not indie rock. and it's definitely not comedy. i have every book and dvd margaret has done and i wanted to like this sooooooo much. every once in while she missteps. she doesn't have a strong voice, i don't care what cyndi lauper told her. and this record occupies a weird space where it isn't funny enough to be a weird al parody or adam sandler sing along, but it isn't serious or touching enough to be real indie rock either. so it's just kind of in this weird in- between space. sort of like when you and your little brother would sing your own semi-perverted lyrics to your favourite songs in the back of the car to make your mom mad-that's what it reminded me of. angry i wasted eight dollars on this. ok "you're a dick" is funny and in a cute sixties lounge/burt bacharach style but that's it. this is a very tepid record. it's actually kind of boring. but, it's margaret and she's a beautiful diva queen. i feel bad writing a neg review. i'd bump it up to three stars if i didn't feel like i got ripped off and it wasn't misplaced in the comedy section. if she wanted to do a serious record then she should have just done one, this is not a good marriage of styles.
I just wasn't serious enough about it, I will again sometime. I'm sure it's helped someone or is helping now.
Normally I like Andrew Johnson's work. However, this one is lacking. His main suggestion is to get rid of the fatty foods. I don't eat fatty foods. My weakness is bread and potatoes and carbs in general. He does succeed in putting the listener into a semi-hypnotic state and making the listener very relaxed. Just wish he had talked more about other foods besides the fatty ones.
I was excited to get the CD, but very disappointed.  The chirping sounds of the crickets was very high pitched and fast, and far from relaxing.  I kept listening to see if the sound would change, but the entire CD is the same repetititve chirping sound.  I wish I could have listened to a sample before  buying the DC.Kathy from  Philadelphia
Not so much on self esteem as it is on the glories of hypnosis. She has a nice voice, and it is fairly relaxing, but that's about it.
These songs by Stan Freberg mostly recite common frustrations we've all had* to music in a mildly amusing way. There aren't any side-splitting lines here, in fact there aren't even that many particularly funny lines. And the whole album comes in at under 20 minutes. Sadly forgettable.* People in many areas will not have experienced Jacaranda trees. As you might guess from the lyrics, they are trees that explode in light purplish flowers which they then drop. So you don't want to park under them. Don't say Stan didn't warn you ...
What do you expect for 50 songs for $9? Some of the songs were way too hard rock or metal for my taste. But there were a few good songs so I probably got what I was expecting.
Pass on this version, folks. There are enough other ones out there (one of which I'm going to buy right now).
My problem with Jeselnik is basically 2 things: 1) he totally lacks the craft of a stand up comedian and 2) he wants to be a shock comic without actually making anyone mad. This makes his act come across as cowardly and tepid, at least in my opinionA 3rd problem is there's very little actual comedy on this cd. Jeselnik's delivery style goes like this: "you're going to love this next joke (long pause). there was a farmer (long pause) with a goat (long pause). The farmer had sex with the goat (15 second pause). man that was a great joke (long pause)". So you probably get maybe 20 minutes of actual comedy in a 45 minute act and like i said, its not shocking enough to be a shock comic and not funny enough to succeed on its own merits eitherHe'll do 20 jokes about his (fictional) family and how awful they are, with no organization or flow to it at all. Its literally like he's reading a joke book on stage. You know every joke is about a fictional situation, it keeps you from being invested in it all, which then keeps anyone from getting offended. Anthony rapes his great aunt who doesn't exist? who cares?His act would improve A LOT if he would just do the bare minimum to string jokes together into some kind of flow, and also stop building up jokes that are just a bunch of nothing. He *constantly* tells the audience to brace themselves for this awful joke he's about to tell, its something utterly lame, and then after he tells it he discusses how ballsy he is for telling it. Its just a waste of timeif the guy wants to be a shock comic, then embrace it, that's all i'm saying. stop doing this half in and half out stuff and commit to whatever you want it to be.
I wouldn't bother. Mitch Hedberg he's not; Bill Hicks he's not. Every joke is simple classic misdirection -- sometimes it works, most times it doesn't. There are exceptions, however. I liked this one: "When I misbehaved as a kid, my dad would take off his belt. It scared me to death, because I knew there was no way to stop him .. from shooting heroin."Alas, a good deal of the bit is jokes about domestic violence and sex. The material isn't really racist or sexist, but it flirts with these areas. Some of the jokes are as intelligent and clever as the title implies,  but most of it seems designed to appeal to the Steven Lynch crowd.
Comedians have been addressing social taboos since the dawn of the profession. George Carlin made a career out of it. The differencce between Carlin and Jeselnik is that Carlin had a personality. He had a soul. Jeselnik just comes up with short, sometimes well worded, jokes that are often offensive and meant to push people's boundaries. That's fine. I can do that. But I don't detect a lot of personality in his material. It would work better if his was a distinct voice. But the most i could tell you about Anthony Jeselnik is he's either actually or at least acts arrogant. Not enough.
Starts off great. Abrupt ending. Disappointed.
I'm from Boston. I came across this artist by accident. These songs are awful. I gave it 2 stars because at least he's not tone deaf.
I downloaded this thinking, well, it's Christmas music and I can always use some more of that.  I was wrong.  I deleted all the tracks.  It's just a personal preference but I cannot stand Neil Sedaka's voice or Michael McDonald's which is not something I was even aware of before I downloaded this music.  The Irish Tenors are ok, but I guess I prefer something a little more up-beat.The songs are good ones, but make sure you listen to all the samples before downloading this one to determine if these vocalists are really for you.
I have deleted these files now. I figured at the price (free!) it couldn't hurt to try 'em out even though I wasn't sure about the samples. They didn't get any better with the full versions, especially Sedaka's weak and thin version of my all-time favorite Christmas song, O Holy Night, which is powerful if sung by a voice that can handle it (his couldn't).The samples were great representations of what you get here, though, so I suggest that you just listen to them to decide whether or not you want the whole song.
Don't let the 2 stars fool you...I LOVE this original album! I gave this so-called "remastered" downloadable version 2 stars because it doesn't sound "remastered" to me at all (I could hear light hissing from the original album). And worst of all, the song "Wise Men Still Adore Him" has a big skip in it around the 0:39 mark (you can even hear the skip when playing the sample). Also, why is the Medley broken into 2 parts? Totally unnecessary and not in keeping with the original. If you have the original album, save your money by burning your own CD. If you don't have the original album and don't mind hissing and a huge skip while listening to your music, then these downloads are for you. And, by the way, that skip in "Wise Men Still Adore Him" is not only on Amazon.com but everywhere these downloads are available. So don't think you can purchase that song somewhere else and not have the skip. I wish Light Records would do this album justice by releasing a REAL remastered version available on both CD and MP3Downloads because "Sunshine And Snowflakes" is a Christmas classic that deserves way better than these mediocre downloads. There's no Santa, Frosty, Rudolph, or any other ridiculous characters that have nothing to do with the REAL meaning of Christmas on this album! "Sunshine And Snowflakes" celebrates the REAL reason for the Christmas season! Amen!
Maybe I'm missing something - but I think this might be mislabeled.  There are no Glee songs on this collection.
Something faster and different, but felt a bit like paint by the numbers.  Loud and fast but a bit like a good cover band playing your company Christmas party. On the upside.  Lots of tracks, there are some good ones.
. . .but nothing outstanding. Renditions very close to some others in my collection. I would recommend it though. My son really enjoys it too.
Thought CD ordered was Christmas Canon by Transsiberian Orchestra. CD that arrived was a vanilla recording of holiday music, but there was no reference to the group(s) responsible for the recording. Made OK background music for the holidays, but was NOT what I had expected.
I too was disappointed. I opened it and played it on Christmas day, and was disappointed when the music proved to not be Trans Siberian Orchestra as I was expecting. I have reread all of the information provided in ad, and it seems that I am to blame. I see nothing that would have led me to believe that it is TSO. All my fault. The album itself is ok. It might be better if I knew what I was ordering. Review carefully before ordering, buyer beware.
I should have read the other review. I, too, did a search for TSO and this item appeared in the middle of the list. I imagine the item got pulled into the results because of the one TSO song, &#34;Christmas Cannon&#34;.Despite it being my mistake, it would be nice if the CD was good. Given the songs, I am amazed how horrible this CD is. It would probably sound better on monotone. Do not waste your money. The instrumentals are so flat that listening was not enjoyable. I cannot even palate it as background music. I would sell it back used, but this is not something I think anyone would enjoy. Very disappointed.
None of them were good at all. would not recommend them to no one. They only must have made 1 good cd
Love Rick & Bubba and have wanted to get a copy of Stay In It for a long time. Every time I hear the 'story that would never be told' I just about pop a valve laughing so hard! Imagine my disappointment when I realized the first 11 tracks are all out of order! I tried to edit the info in iTunes but that doesn't seem to have resolved the issue. Whenever I sync the album to a portable device, be it an iPod Touch, Droid X or whatever, the original data comes back and it, thus, all out of order again!
HINDENBURG is an exciting score that will appeal to fans of BATMAN BEGINS, THE DARK KNIGHT and the TRANSFORMERS scores. The Amazon MP3 presentation of this score, however, was not a good listening experience for me. At the very end of track 18, 'Suite From Hindenburg', right around the 7:02 mark, the music is clipped off, followed by two seconds of silence. To the producers of this album, please use some quality control and listen to your product before you upload it for purchase. Hopefully this problem does not also exist on the CD release, which I will now have to spend additional money to purchase.
The snippet you get to listen to makes it sound like you are going to learn something, so I bought the 60 minute program, expecting to learn something.This is really a hook to get you to go to their website and buy their product.  Very disappointing!  Thank goodness it was only .89 - but even then, it was a waste of time and money.
I bought this album thinking it was the music from the film. I have a love for old stock music, and there are some familiar cues from Plan 9 if you listen to radio plays, or watch a lot of b-movies. I was excited to have the music, until I realized this album is a direct audio rip from the film. It includes sound effects, and dialog. Not what I wanted. If you want the isolated score, buy this album: http://www.amazon.com/Plan-Outer-Space-Original-Picture/dp/B004V8BXUI/ref=sr_1_1?s=dmusic&ie=UTF8&qid=1392768519&sr=1-1&keywords=Emil+Ascher
Cons: it was only a portion of the song. I wish i could get my money back.Pros: it was the song i was atleast looking for.
Hi - you could do better downloading the midi files of these inventions and just playing those on your computer.This album takes these inventions and plays them on some weak midi program, with a disco beat backing. So, it is like "Hooked on Classics." Except not even as good. The sound is almost "8bit," the sound that comes out of pccket video games.They use the name "Bachbuster," but do not get confused with Don Dorsey's awesome Bach-on-synth album, "Bachbusters." That is awesome. Dorsey throws a backing beat in there at a point or two, but his whole album is not "Hooked On..." Dorsey was or is an electronic music composer and arranger for Disney, and got really good  at electronic music scoring and production. So, he went and put out his own album, Bachbusters. He has probably been te only artist since Wendy Carlos and Isao Tomita to get broad attention for an album of classical music played on synthesizers. I think Bachbusters may have won a grammy. Dorsey had 2 more, as far as I know - 1 with Beethoven, and one a melange.So, if you are gonna spend the money, I would say get Dorsey vs. this 8bit Hooked-On-Bach. But, for a lark, or who knows - exercise music? - you might want to try this album.
How many "I am such a slut that I...." jokes can you listen to in a row? She has a lot of cleverness, but only uses it in one direction. A simply more articulate Lisa Lampanelli is not what she should seek to be.  She can do much better. Like Rachel Feinstein, Whitney Cummings and Ophira Eisenberg (or their sex-crzed male counterparts, such as Mitch Fatel), she needs to diversify more.
Eh...the music is blah and the coach is even more blah.  I prefer Amy Dixon and the Jessica Smith treadmill coach ones I have.
The affirmations themselves are pretty good, but the music is insanely annoying and cheesy and I can't stand it.  Plus the whole thing is only 4 minutes long.  Not worth it.  I cannot even listen to the music.  Just awful.
I was looking for an instrumental version of the Battle Hymn of the Republic that was a little less on fanfare and a little more melodic. The short preview on the Amazon mp3 sounded pretty good so I bought and downloaded this version. It started out nice but was such a contemporary remake of the hymn that it was almost unrecognizable as The Battle Hymn of the Republic most of the time. Very disappointing. I didn't bother downloading the rest of the album.
I was really excited to get a few pregnancy meditation cd's.  I wish I had realized how short this one was before I spent $8.99 to buy the MP3's!  It is ok for a short meditation but if you are looking for something that lasts longer, skip this one! If you have any experience with guided meditation, I do not recommend this cd, it just doesn't have enough substance.
I wanted to buy the meditation album to go with the "Spirit Junkie" book as an add on to my current meditation practice but have found through listening to the sample tracks that the music is too loud and I can't hear Gabby's voice with the guidance. Even with volume at maximum I couldn't hear her and I can't have the volume too high because I have menierre's ear and loud noise and music are two of my vertigo triggers. This and her other meditation cd's would be perfect if the music wasn't so loud or her voice so soft.I think a reproducing to lower the music volume would make these meditation cd's perfect for her books and for those who never really meditated before.
I rely on hypnosis tracks to go to sleep.  I am also an avid lucid dream participant.  When I got bored of listening to the same two (reliable) hypnosis tracks, I ventured out to seek something better.  I bought this album because of the 5 star review that the other user wrote and was enthusiastic to use it the same night I purchased it.  What could go wrong with a hypnosis album meant for lucid dreaming?I am not saying entirely that this album is bad. There are good points that I would like to point out. First of all, the script used is very well thought out. The trancey binaural tones in the background are flawless for the purpose of each track.  Unfortunately, all this effort goes to waste with poor mixing.  When the narrator's voice comes in quite suddenly, it is several decibels higher than these tones, causing you to jerk out of that trancey state.  After several failures from almost achieving a wake induced dream state, I began seeing horrifying distorted images of faces in my closed-eye visuals. So what went from a blissful state quickly turned into a nightmare until it was so unbearable I had to open my eyes.I gave the album a few more tries the following days, but again, I was jerked out of the trancey state and was never able to fall asleep. I don't recommend purchasing this album.  I am not discrediting the usefulness of hypnosis tracks, nor am I discouraging people from trying to achieve a lucid dream. I am a firm believer of said two things, but this album is not what you want.
My family and I listened to this album many, many times  when we were very young.  I am VERY disappointed that the whole album is not on this compact disc.
I have a friend with the vinyl album - and it would appear that the mp3 album of My Son, The Folk Singer is missing several songs.  Quelle disappoint.
It's ok I had heard a different French Christmas album and must have gotten the name wrong...so it wasn't what I was expecting,
I bought this for $3 on ebay and still was disappointed. It is simply neither novel nor consistently funny.  Spend you rmoney on Gulman, Muilaney, Burress, Johnagin or Bargatze, among many others, instead.
I love the violet flame but there are things in here that I find silly, like after the violet flame activation you can only pass the violet flame to three people in seven days. I send the violet flame all the time to anyone I think needs it. Alst you need three crystals that the description dosen't tell you about so you start listening and you don't have them.
Wished I could get a refund for this. Much better choices out there for the money paid. Will shop around better next time :-)
You'll need the original script from the original LP of fifty years ago, in order to act out the scenes with Miss Goddard.  Otherwise this download is pretty much pointless.
I enjoy Voltaire, but this album is bad. The songs are poorly orchestrated, filled with tortured rhymes, and pointlessly absurd. The best song is the title track, and that is barely worth listening to.
I bought this and I am very disappointed in the sound quality. maybe it is my kindle but I have heard better.
Can anyone point me to where/who/what is the United Christian Life United Choir?  I cannot find any reference to an actual choir of this name anywhere.  Thanks.
Too short to be a CD, maybe a couple of single releases were in order... I like the music but it wasn't what I expected unfortunately.
As a child of the 80's I always have a soft spot for Cyndi Lauper.But this song just doesn't do it. It doesn't represent her music well, and it doesn't represent Christmas music well. I don't see myself ever listening to the song again unless it comes up randomly in a shuffle.
These people took some wonderful old wax cylinder recordings by a vocal group called "The Carol Singers" and destroyed the sound, using heavy-handed noise reduction, equalization, and REVERB.  They so distorted the sound that the recordings no longer sound like the originals.  THEN, to top off their evil deed, they CHANGED THE NAME OF THE GROUP.  This group recorded during World War I as "The Carol Singers"; but here on this cd they are called "The Old Time Christmas Carol Singers".  That is disrespectful.Some Easter songs by the same group can be found on another mp3 collection at Amazon,Old Time Easter: Songs and Hymns Of The Early 1900s, in this case with their original name and without reverb.I have to mention another track in this collection, the track by Santa Claus.  So much reverb was used in the processing that he really, truly sounds as though he is singing in a cave.  I keep wondering what Santa Claus is doing in a cave.
I love this song. However not this version.  I think I originally down loaded to be able to listen to all of it.  Didn't care for it.  I'll stick with Wynonna and Kenny Rogers' version.
Rachel has talent--she is a good mimic--but she does not seem to do much beyond talk about her and her friends' sex lives, which are not very funny or interesting or different from Amy Schumer, Chelsea Handler, etc.
Wasn't impressed. Tells more personal stories than jokes, and even then they aren't very interesting. I doubt I will purchase future releases by Ms. Feinstein.
The sound effects were nice inside this cd but the cover image was un-called for.The sound effects were great except for the 1 track that made my stomach sick.And adult material should be totally removed from amazon unless they added a adult filter for adult content to permately block out adult content all together.But other than that.. all the other sound effects are great! They awesome.. but that one track and that CD cover.. made this cd lose 3 stars,..
This smosh guy is a moron and his stuff on youtube sucks. If you want something truly funny check ou the epic rap battles of history the only good part of this is the hot chick that sings on the chorus.
I thought it was a little hard to hear.  And I didn't care for the 'tinkling background music'.  But still - it is soothing - and makes one think about what it was like when Jesus walked the Earth.  So for me - it was okay.
Not that great only about 2 songs that are good.  I wouldnt reccomend it. save your money for something else
I don't like the choice of songs on this album. I was hoping for more Christ-centered Christmas songs. I was disappointed.
The narrator's voice was really dry and boring and difficult to understand. Only made it through a few minutes and that was enough.
The money machine is life insurance. This must have come out when that was a new concept. Yes, life insurance is the responsible thing to have for a family but this is not one of Nightingale's files I will ever listen to again.
I purchased Release by Tony Redhouse, and was somewhat disappointed.. it started out as being very profound for me, but then lostits depth when he started singing in English. Not that I do not like English, but for meditation..society tends to get wrapped upin words.. and words tend to devalue, to me the sounds that are being offered by Tony.. through his amazing interpretation of nature.Wish he had stuck to his native tongue on the first selection. I thought there it was moving too close to modern American Music..As the saying goes..why fix something that is not broke..  There is so much deep spirituality to Native American Music, why deviate from it?Although I loved his album Journey to the Four Winds.
This did nothing for me.In fact I found the the narrative to be jarring just as the music would have me nearly asleep.  The vocal free tracks were annoying.
Not really all that impressed.  I guess I was thinking this would be soothing and somehow drop me right off to sleep.  It is just so-so.  Go tape your own thunderstorm and you will have the same thing.
Ironically, as I was listening to this while driving back from a trip (I was a passenger), I looked up and saw a billboard with and ad for a bank with a picture of a woman that I recognized. It was the same exact photo of who is supposedly Rachael Meddows from Rachael's website!Clearly the photo is not Rachael. Now, of course, I am skeptical that the woman even exists. Which makes the authenticity of these hypnosis downloads questionable.Before this happened, I also sent a question from the Rachael Meddows website and I never got a response.I have been listening to this audio for several weeks now. I have noticed that I have had some significant dreams that make me wonder if the suggestions are affecting my subconscious. Since I already paid for the download I will continue to listen for a few more weeks to see if it works.I just purchased a download from Hyptalk, from all appearances it seems to be legit.
I know for a fact this guy is a very talented, well groomed, songwriter and musician. Why he would choose to make kind of a nasty video as his firstand be labeled in the music world as the guy who has nothing elseto write about but girls using a commode? Or a cup? Throwing up? I get the parody.Doing it for the money I guess. I am far from prude and like a good dirty joke just as much as the next guy. This is just kind of gross. I kept looking for something in it to make me laugh--didn't happen. Knocking over toilet paper towers? Yawn. Sorry Joe. Do us all a favor and show us some of your musical talent and you might actually be a big star someday. Doubt it will happen with this video.
The &#34;Zen meditation&#34; on this album isn't real zen meditation. I'm a Zen Buddhist and the way she explains meditation on this disc is completely wrong. I would say this is a good disc for people who are interested in relaxing, but not those that are serious about meditation.
Is a nice overview and well written but I could have found this information free on the internet.  It had no true self help exercises.  It is misleading since it provides how to get help but no actual help. Waste of money in my opinion.
Two of the three key Take Charge induction tracks (Beach and Staircase), seem to be incomplete.  At the beginning of each, Mr. Brown advises you to find a comfortable place to relax for about 35 minutes but, each track falls short of 35 minutes... and they're only guidance involves relaxing you into the meditative state.  (Note: I have not listened to the Speed induction)I have used another of his meditations which is the right length and features the relaxation, guided meditation, and emergence from it at the end.  Maybe these are just production errors?
This soundscapes was a bit of a disappointment to me.  I am an avid sailor and I love to sit on the deck of our boat underway, listening to the sounds of sailing and the surroundings on the water.  In addition to hearing the sounds of the water against the hull, I was looking forward to hearing some sounds like bouys clanging, whistling or whatever; sails flapping; a bit of hull creaking - maybe even an occasional bird in the distance (although that can be overdone very easily.)The actual sounds of this are really just water rushing past the hull.  I couldn't even discern the sound of the boat rising and falling into the trough of a wave.Unfortunately I haven't found a better product, so I'm still looking.
I have enjoyed pretty much everything the Ditty Bops have released to date.  I'm a fan.  That said, this album does not succeed, and is actually quite annoying.  The "Grover meets a koala" voice would not amuse any age listener, even if the subject matter was better.  Basically, chronicling a stuffed animal's political campaign in a weird falsetto voice is not a great album concept.  There are some nice musical moments, but they are too few interspersed among the koala dialogue, which unfortunately is not interesting to children either.  Sorry to diss this one, girls!
Too much reused material from other years from the Capitol Steps.  They are still focusing on politicians who are out of the picture. Quality of singing is less than it has been in past years.
If you are a liberal you should love this CD. If not don't buy it. About as biased as you can get.
Was not at all what I expected...I did not like it, i think it's name it claim it kind of teaching
I couldn't believe this actually came from the Monroe Institute. First of all, they have a verbal warning at the beginning that the recording could actually cause seizures and mental problems(?) I've used many Hemi-Sync products from the Monroe Institute and was not really concerned and have had no bad effects, but this has no effects at all as far as binaural beat or other mind altering sound is concerned. It just sounds like a regular nature CD/mp3 without any kind of brainwave entrainment. If I just wanted that, there are many mp3s here just as good or better for 99 cents. And it's not really useable as an overpriced nature CD if you like to use replay because of the long verbal warning at the beginning. Everything about this including the art on the cover is not up to the standards of the Monroe Institute.I just realized that all the Hemi-Sync products say what they are supposed to do on the cover whereas this does not claim to induce brainwave entrainment or meditative states, but warns it could cause seizures and to contact a physician before listening! My mistake for buying...
Have you ever watched TV where the show is low, but then when the commercials comes on, it's gratingly loud.  That's how it is with her and the audience.  The audience is louder than she is at times.  Sometimes she speaks really loud, but mostly speaks low.  Listening to this with the volume up hurt my ears because of the poor quality - I found myself adjusting the volume through out.  Not good!Please note that she has free podcasts on iTunes.  If you're on a budget, shop around for the best price.  This is on iTunes for $9.99, and 89 cents right now on Amazon.
Didn't really like the songs and no way to listen before you buy it. I don't use it I have tried a few times
Some of the cuts are good, but I was looking for some powerful voices and rousing spirits. It's not here. I'm new to buying music on Amazon, but I sure wish I could have auditioned this album before I bought it - I would have saved six bucks.
We like Patton Oswalt and similar comics- were recommended this guy- are not afraid of foul language and off color humor. Its all subjective, of course, but he wasn't funny. It struck me that he thought if he added the f-bomb to non-funny stories he would be able to get people to laugh. He's all the rage right now for some comedy fans, but not me.
Having taken some comedy training before, I understand that it's more about the delivery and energy you put into your performance, than the actual jokes themselves.  Aziz Ansari has amazing comedic delivery.  It was very apparent with his previous comedy CD "Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening". This CD, not so much.  The jokes, while funny, just aren't as good as a lot of his other stuff I've heard.  And his performance just seemed "off" on the night when this was recorded.  Didn't seem like his energy and focus was where it should have been.  He may have not slept well the night before, may have had a stomach ache, may have gotten bad news from home, who knows.  I know all of these factors could affect a performance.  I hold nothing against him.  Aziz Ansari is a hell of a comedian, and is as funny as hell.  This CD just isn't his best work.  You'll definitely get some laughs, but it's a lackluster performance overall.
I've tried this work out twice.  The first time I felt constantly lost but thought maybe I just wasn't focused enough.  I tried the workout again today and I still feel it lacks clarity.  Its not much of an interval workout.  In a normal interval workout you go hard then back off.  When in the spinning classes I've taken you crank up the resistance, stand up, and pedal for the interval, then you sit back down and back off the resistance.  I'm the kind of person that needs some heavy resistance to get out of the saddle.  In this workout the coach asks you to set enough resistance to get out of the saddle and push then get back in the saddle at a low cadence and sometimes add resistance.  If I strictly follow the instructions on when to add resistance and when to back off I'd be unable to pedal by the end of the workout.What I look for in any spin class is clear and concise intervals that give me time, cadence, and effort.  I personally find the best measures of effort when the instructor says something like "It should feel like a light headwind" or "a steep climb, you should barely be able to turn over the pedals."  If you want this type of workout I'd look elsewhere.  If you are looking more for visualization and little guidance then this might be the workout for you.
Most of this album is ambient sounds, without hypnosis scripts. The first three tracks after the introduction have mostly identical content except for the scenario that counts you down into hypnosis. Part of the identical content among these three tracks includes a "list" of 21 tips for creativity, one of which is "drink too much coffee". This album was disappointing and I wish I could return it.
There's a reason this is the cheapest of their albums. I didn't think you could go wrong with Mannheim, but...
I started with the induction....then went on to the next track, which ended abruptly. The next track started at an odd place, without any lead-in. That track also ended ubruptly. The next track starts in a rocking chair...again, no lead-in/prep. Very distracting. What's up with that?
The clips sounded alright before I downloaded. I kind of thought they were like a harder version of Halestorm which was why I thought I'd take the chance. After listening to the whole EP I'm not sure I like the lead singers voice. Often times she sounds like she is just yelling out of key. Hard to describe. Just not for me personally.
I listened to two of Myq Kaplan's CDs and liked them both.  This one...well, I couldn't even finish it.  Boring and uninteresting songs that weren't funny.  It was very disappointing.
Very disappointed in myself for not sampling before purchasing...these are not the original versions of the songs. Just &#34;club&#34; music that speed up to be at a high bpm. Buy the original songs for .49 cents more and you'll be happy you did.
I thought it was original artists, not sure why I didnt look more closely.  High energy, but so repetitive and boring.
I was very unimpressed with this guys monotonous voice and some of the silly ways he says things.  It is almost funny.
What content is there? I don't know, because the recording quality sounds like a 1930s radio program, the reader's voice has an accent that is too strong for my American ears to follow easily, and the content I did slosh through is so boring.For the first 30 minutes, the &#34;legendary&#34; singer does nothing but complain about how little everyone else knows about singing! She is really bitter, and I feel like I've wasted my life listening to her. I'll probably never force myself to listen to the rest, if she even gets to talking about how to actually sing better.
I wish I could have downloaded only two tracks and they were the Affirmations; however I liked the whispers, not the lip smacking, and the whispering Guided Sleep Relaxation which does work for me.  However I don't understand the role playing, gum chewing, lip smacking, tapping and listening to bags crinkle.  I didn't enjoy hearing them nor do they do anything to give me my asmr fix.  I have my Bob Ross dvd's for that.  However my asmr fix comes from watching, rather than listening.  I guess it gets down to attention to detail and I enjoy watching people paint, plastering walls and laying concrete.  I'm detail oriented and I enjoy watching others perform jobs that require it.  As I wrote I just wish I could have bought two tracks, instead of the whole album.
Having fallen in love with the music of Thomas Bergersen, one of the two that make up Two Steps from Hell, I quickly moved on to the albums from Two Steps from Hell (Invincible and Archangel).  The prior releases from TSFH were absolutely masterful and works of art that created illusions of far off places and epic battles in the listener's mind.This release (Halloween) creates little more than a headache when listening to it. Most of the tracks consist of nothing more than harmonic chords and spooky noise.  I eagerly awaited the arrival of the next TSFH album and bought this album on the first day of its release. However, Halloween could not be farther from the prior albums and is a great disappointment. Of the entire album there are only a handful of tracks worth owning (Waltz of the Willows, Red Omen, Calamity, to name a few). You are better off purchasing the few good tracks at .99 cents than the entire album.  Taken as a whole, the album is not worth the $8.99.If you are looking for a background horror score/soundtrack or you are into just tonal tracks or harmonies then this album is for you. If you are looking for anything similar to the prior two albums released by TSFH, then save your money and look elsewhere. While we wait for TSFH to release an album worthy of their prior work, you might want to consider other artists such as Audiomachine and Epic Score.
Lady Liberty: The Definitive Julie London HandbookAs a jazz, lounge and exotica musicologist and author of Lady Liberty: The Definitive Julie London Handbook.  I have always in the past been so impressed with Ultra Lounge's complete library of recordings from lounge, cool and hot jazz, mambo and mid century music library.The packaging was always fun, with amazing liner notes on the historical recordings as well as cocktail recipes and most importantly brilliant clear remasters of rare cuts.  However part of the ultra lounge charm that started in the 90s was the CDs, the packaging. With the advent of Mp3 digital, we loose all of the important historical liner notes and information.  Also with the first two volumes of Christmas Cocktails being outstanding...  by this Cocktail 4 we have lost a lot of steam.This edition has mediocre selections that are not passed properly. It feels like a mix match of oddities instead of a flowing perfect  blend of styles..  In other words this cocktail leaves a nasty after taste.My belief is they should have stopped after volume 2, and concentrated on expanding on the themes that worked like there first volume 1 Mondo ExoticaOr a better idea would have been to compile all the cool jazz mellow xmas cuts on one cd and all the swingy hot xmas on another and still all the latin cuts on a 3rd.  It would have created better programming and flow. That was my beef with this album, to hear a mellow cut followed by something uptempo blasting in my ears. It is out of syncAlso no Esquivel in the entire collection?
I couldn't agree more with doggymcnuggets above, except I'd probably reduce it to 2 stars. This set is a pale imitation of Volumes 1 & 2, a lot more MOR than lounge. No physical copy, fewer tracks, no liner notes, no track info, no release dates -- not really much value for money. At a time when the media conglomerates ought to consider a &#34;value added&#34; approach to mining their vaults, instead they resort to a bare bones but full price approach. Showing neither respect nor appreciation for their catalog or their customers, they wonder why sales continue to decline when the answer is obvious. This set frankly doesn't deserve the number of words we've spent discussing it.
A mixed review for this CD.  I purchased it because I was interested in listening to Boris Karloff read some horror stories.  He does do this but the stories are no more than 1 or 2 minutes in length.  None of the stories are particularly good unfortunately.  The only selling point for this CD is that the listener gets to hear Boris Karloff who provides excellent narration for some rather poorly written material.
Not good or bad.  Nothing made me really do more than chuckle a little bit.  I don't exactly hate it, just Meh...
The quality is fine, but the style of music just is not what I am used to for Christmas time.
It was free so I tried it.  Not my thing, I guess I'm more traditional.  It's different and it's free.
Not as good as his older music, which was GREAT!The songs except for the 'Tulsa' song were kind of boring.
Not what I expected.  Should have listened to it better before I bought it.  Check it out for yourself, perhaps you will enjoy it more than I did.
The music was boring. Not complaining as it was free. But I really did not like it. Wish there was more free Christmas music to chose from.
This is just not my type of listening music. I didn't realize it was more jazz type I prefer more traditional style.
I thought this was the songs. Most of the ones played thus far has been nothing but insturments and no words!
These versions of the classic Christmas carols seems to be a lot more jazzy/easy music style then I expected, and I'm not a fan. If you're into that, however, you'd probably really enjoy it.
I like music with vocals. This is more like background music that you would play in a store. Good sleeping music.
not my kind of music,all instrumentali would not recommend this disc (even free) to any of my friends or family
WELL NOT ONLY DID IT TAKE ALMOST 2 DAYS TO DOWN LOAD  THERE WAS NOT ONE SONG I KNEW ON THERE ..IT WAS A GOOD MUSIC THOUGH
Why do all the songs say "Album Only"  How am I supposed to download the music?I gave it 2 stars but i don't know how good the songs are.
I was so excited when this arrived  - very disappointed when I played it. The background music is far too loud for a meditation cd,  you can barely hear Gabrielle speak, the music reminds me of &#34;Chop sticks&#34; music instead of gentle, relaxing &#34;background&#34; music.
I discovered Rob Delaney on Twitter like most people.  Then I saw him as a guest on Conan and he was absolutely hilarious.  I decided to check out his album, but unfortunately, I just didn't find it to be funny for the most part.  There were a few parts that elicited a hearty chuckle, but for the most part, I sat there stone-faced.  Bummer.
I'm sorry I bought this. It is all played on one or two synthesizers and sounds very bland. Almost as bad as if were all played on an organ. If you are expecting something like you might get from Windom Hill forget it.... don't  buy this...it sounds like it was made for one of those old Muzak radio stations they used to play in the mall
I love a good fart joke, fart song, etc, but even though this was free, I still feel ripped off&#8230;Add some catchy lyrics, it is not that hard..jingle farts, jingle farts, farting all the way, ooh what fun, it is to fart, in one horse&#8230;  the lyrics to the song practically writes itself&#8230;I gave it two stars because it could get a smile out of someone if you played it for them, but other than that, it wasn't that funny&#8230;..
The audio quality is so poor, it's hard to understand the clever lyrics.  Which is a shame, because they are clever and Ms. Martin's delivery is stellar.  (Really, I'm no audio snob, but this is almost unlistenable)
There is some good info BUT She keeps telling to look at the directions and info in the book that comes with the cd. but since this is a download you can't refer to the pamplet so you aren't given full info on the cd. Not worth the money i paid for it because of that.
This young woman, Michelle, has the voice of an Angel. I've not heard of such clarity and pureness in a voice.  She is gifted.  Glenn has a double blessing going on here, finding her and now we all get to hear her singing the true spirit of the Christmas Season. I must credit the others on these 4 fine songs, they all did a great job.  Everyone, be sure to get these songs!  You won't be sorry!
I thought I would try this album out for size but it just didn't fit. I was not drawn in at all.Maybe it was the speaker's voice. I can't recommend it to anyone.
These tunes are Beatle-like music, with Christmas lyrics super-imposed on top of them.  It sorta works, but it's not really something I'd regularly listen to around Christmas time.  It is more of a novelty album.  Then again, if you really want the Beatles singingChristmas tunes over top of their music rhythms, then this set of songs may be for you.
not bad, but not the greatest.  sounds a bit electronic and fake, and it's missing the Coast Guard marching song.
Was super excited when I read this list of songs and thought they would be perfect for my workout. Although they are super upbeat and great songs they all sound the same. They have the exact same beat and tempo and it becomes extremely repetitive which in turn becomes a bit boring.
This album was put together with out much thought to being goods songs to work out too.  It consisted of all overplayed tunes you really don't want to hear again.  Workout songs should be ones you can not wait to get to the gym to hear. None of the songs on this album fit that description.
I bought this album because I'm very nostalgic about the Hans Christian Anderson & Tubby The Tuba album my family had when I was a kid and this album has exactly the same songs. Amazon also has the title I listed above, but I bought this one because it was a dollar less. Unfortunately the sound quality is not very good -- kind of has a muffled and echo-y sound. Listening to the samples, the other collection of the same songs sounds like it has better sound quality. I wish I'd checked that out first and bought the other version for a dollar more!
Idk how to explian how bizarre this album is. It's a bunch of random Christmas songs from the 1950s and 60s, mixed in with a bunch of random kpop songs from 2007-2012. The Christmas songs have nothing to do with Korea or today's pop music and the kpop has nothing to do with Christmas. There are kpop stars that covered Christmas songs and there are a some korean contemporary Christian artists so why doesn't this album have ANY of those songs?UPDATE: after listening to more of the album, these kpop songs aren't the original. It's like karaoke or something.
In the sample, listen carefully for a couple of fairly loud "TOCK" sounds at about the 2 and 9 second mark.  Those "TOCKS" continue throughout the entire file.  I don't know what they are -- sounds like a metronome. Perhaps they are part of a train ride, but I felt those irritating "TOCKS" ruined the entire file.  I had not listened carefully enough to the sample to hear them, and, if I did, I might have assumed they would not continue--but they do.
Not the version I thought.  This is obviously my fault.  I assumed &#34;clean&#34; meant that it was the version played on the radio.  It is not the radio version.
Saw this at a very low price,listened to the sample of the first cut and figured for the money I'd give it a try. Once I bought it I listened to parts of every song and it's not very good. Voices and music sounds like it was just slapped together to get out an Irish album. Will give it one more listen to the whole album but I will most likely delete the album.
I paid .99 cents for this CD and I'm glad I didn't spend more. I wasn't sure about the band of singers so I thought I'd take a chance. If you like Irish music and listen to the Clancey Brothers, Tommy Maken, the Dubliners or others you will agree this CD is poor. Not the worst I've ever heard but I want my dollar back.
After listening to the first 20 minutes, this doesn't appear to be more than a collection of sentences and excerpts from various speaking arrangements. I was looking for something more cohesive, so I've yet to finish it.While this may be useful to some, I can't say that I'd recommend this over any of the other works by the author.
I've never bought a CD where the comedian reused comedy from their first album, almost half this CD is reused material. Really sad actually. Instead of purchasing this CD, I'd buying the first one and listening to it twice.
I bought this mp3 expecting that there would be some music or that I would find it relaxing. I did not find it so. The whale songs themselves are just too loud and too much that they overpower everything else in the 2 that are to include waves or music. If you enjoy the sounds of whales alone, this would do well for you. Otherwise I'd say it's a waste of time and money.
I should have read the ad more carefully.  These are old songs which have been jazzed up to make them gym music. The real songs are so much better.
I like the verbal part of this.  The music is repetitive and highly distracting.  I wish they would fix it because it has great possibilities to help people in pain.
Some of the songs are listenable, most aren't. The lyrics in most cases are uninspired and predictable. I do not recommend anyone buy this album. Please learn from my mistake.
I was really excited about this record because the first David Mayfield Parade Album was fantastic.  Unfortunately this album is full of retread songs from his days playing in Cadillac Sky.  The original material was also kind of boring.  That being said don't miss a chance to see the Parade live they put on a really great show.
I was really excited to see a Turning Forks  MP3 and rushed to buy it.  It does what I expected however the sounds of someone playing or adjusting the microphone distracts from the turning forks.  I got about 12 minutes in and just had to shut it off.  Example 11:59 track One.
Not worth. I hardly listen to it. It sound all that healing to me. I will not recommend to any one.
I liked his first CD--and earlier live and tv work--better. His delivery is too rushed and he often comes across as more interested in recounting his intellectual superiority than making his audience laugh. His mocking his nerdiness becomes repetitive. The late Greg Giraldo--a Harvard Law School grad--showed how to be a very smart guy without needing to bra about it or let it get in the way of being funny.
I bought this but it is very poor quality of the guest speaker. I suggest not purchasing this MP3 but just the book instead.
Sometimes even preachers can be a little off and not under the anointing. I am a big fan of Joseph Prince, but he seemed to be....I don't know where in this download. I kept waiting....and waiting.....and waiting for him to get to the message, but he kept going off constantly on different...wildly unrelated tangents.  I will still purchase his teachings, but I'm just trying to save YOU a few bucks here on THIS one.
So cool I listen to it a lot over and over and over and over over over over
I honestly did not know what I was getting with this CD.  These are not the type voices I enjoy hearing acappella.  Just too much of a white sound...no real color to their voices and when I did finally hear a bit of color, there was a &#34;country&#34; sound to it, which for me is worse than no color.I will keep it in my over 1,000 songs of Christmas that I will be playing during the holidays.I'm sure many people would enjoy this CD.
It was worth the $0 price, so if you like piano, it's a good investment.Particularly if you like Christmas... this is for you.
Just ok. This is like listening to an unknown ok pianist. Nothing special or inspiring here. Skip it this time.
I had high hopes for this, but it's nothing like any other hypnosis program I have.  Multiple voices talk at once at the same volume.  It's not relaxing at all; rather, it's quite disturbing.
In an ironic twist, this album is the complete opposite of a "Sophomore Sellout" - instead of taking the sounds that worked well from their first album and going more in that direction, they decided to go in the complete opposite direction.The album is just a race to the finish.  Where the first album worked punches like a pro (switching from an fast-paced song to a ballad and back and forth), this album was just non-stop rabbit punches that simply didn't work all that well.  The band seems to have lost its soul with this album in some endeavor to prove their some hardcore alt band instead of a well-blended mix of hardcore and pop (which is what worked well in their first album).Simply put, I have listened to almost every song on their first album hundreds of times, I only found 2 songs on this album that I deem as listenable ... and even those won't hit the "100 play chart" on my playlist.I was hoping for songs that were more polished but in the vein of Unbreakable, Go With the Flow and Saying Goodbye but instead got a CD that is a constant barrage of Since She Says and Come Play!  The first album mixed those in nicely to create a good mix, but songs like Unbreakable were totally left out of this album.  Shame ... that's my favorite song of all time and I thought there was potential for more of that in this album.*Update*The album's only saving graces for me have been Happy Ending and How You Gonna Stop Us Now?  They've moved this up to a 2 star reviewAgain, very disappointed in the "Sophomore 'Trying to Prove We're Hardcore' Sellout"
The material on the download was very funny, but more effort should have been put into the recording process. The position of the mic wasn't optimal and the result is a finished product that distracts from the performance.
I'm sure there are some people for whom this CD might work or might have worked.So far I'm still trying to manifest.  The Hypnotist has a great voice.  The CD is a bit long for my taste.  I prefer about 30 minutes.I have another download from Hypnosis Live - Relaxing CD which works like a charm.The fact that I have not manifested could be my fault.I'll keep trying.
Very well done, the Icelandic woman has a lovely speaking voice, which helps with pronounication.I am very pleased with it.
I am sure these songs are fantastic.  But, save for Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring, they are Christmas songs, not Advent songs.  There is such a need for true Advent music to come forth--and there's such great songs out there--it's a real shame that Future of Forestry has put out three holiday EPs with &#34;Advent&#34; in the title, and only three truly Advent songs.Here's a hint: if the song references Christ as already been born, it's not Advent, no matter how wonderfully done it is.
Although I appreciate that there is free Christmas music available for the kindle I find it to be boring. There isn't much of a selection.
I'd call this the MUZAK of christmas albums.  Soft background, not really exciting, kind of lame.  Won't be listening to it much, and might even delete it entirely.  I love me some good Christmas music, but this isn't what I'm looking for.
Not a fan of jazz; too much like muzak. Hopefully someone else will like it.  Christmas blessings to all.  Amen
It was okay In my head thought the music was gonna be more upbeat and didn't know I had to download  the Amazon Cloud Player I have enough things on my computer that I didn't need more - probably wouldn't do this again
First to see all the "5" stars are really proof that Gleen's followers are no better than the zombies that worship Obama. I encourage everyone to listen to the Piano Guys "A Family Christmas" that's what a "5" CD sounds like. I support Glenn and the Blaze Network but if you are an ethical and honest person this CD is not one of his finest productions.  Rewriting the music and making it "R&B" "Rock" or "PoP for me just didn't work.  I was looking forward to this CD because Glenn was promoting it for months.  The cover of the CD is quite misleading.  The cover portrays a Traditional American Christmas but the music (not the words) was anything but Traditional Classic American Christmas Music.  There were 2 songs that I could listen to, but the rest were an artist attempt to rewrite the music and really destroy the classic version bordering on disrespectful in my opinion. Glenn and the artists could've saved themselves if they would've included the traditional versions followed by their "New Age" versions but that would've just highlighted the failings of their "newbie" songs.  Really ironic though, Glenn is always pushing classic American Traditions and the totally went the opposite way with this CD with Classic American Christmas Music.  I could see if some left wing folks made this CD Glenn, Pat, and Stu would be playing it on their radio show making fun of some of the songs....just so ironic!!!  Well Glenn 0-1 on Christmas music better luck next time!
This album is about what you should expect when you throw a bunch of disjointed musicians in a house for a week to produce an album.While it might be impressive that they could put this together in such short time, it feels thrown together. There is no substitute for real chemistry and shared emotion among familiar artists. So what you get from this album lacks real emotion and passion.Now I don't doubt these artists are sincere and passionate in their own right, but this album feels forced. It lacks any staying power. But I'm happy that it gives exposure for new talent.
I thought I'd take a chance because of the high ratings. Highly disappointed.I realize alot of people obviously like this form of comedy. That's alright. But if your looking for a developed, worked out stand up routine this is not for you. This is more like a rambling conversation ( everytime one of them would begin to develop a thought, the other would interrupt and slow everything down).Again, I want to emphasize, this is not my taste in comedy. I have no issue with the content just the delivery style. If your looking for a &#34;stand up&#34; routine, this may not be for you.
Dana Gould's "Funhouse" and "Let Me Put My Thoughts In You" have long been desert island CD's for me. His observational comedy has always been so top notch, and like the best comedy, provides great insight. There are bits of his that my sister and I would quote to each other in terrible times when we needed comfort - especially the bit about Andy Dick and a bucket of glitter, back when my Dad was diagnosed with his last, and final bout of cancer. I have long adored him, enjoyed him live, and followed his podcast and appearances on other podcasts (if you can find the nerdist podcast where they interview him, it's golden). I send him $5 a month to help fund his podcast, and say "thank you" for all that he's given to me and my family.I also understand that comedy can be uncomfortable, too - when the best laughs come from our own discomfort, that moment of insight can be really amazing. Unfortunately, sometimes that insight isn't into us, but into the comedian. And sometimes that insight is disappointing.There are some really good hard laughs here - his bits about John Lennon and Stephen Hawking as well as reality shows slayed me. But there are some uncomfortable laughs here, and a moment of total stomach-dropping disappointment in Dana Gould for reaching into the brutally misogynist cookie jar for a laugh. And that makes me really sad, because I've seen him better than this, and more insightful than this. Making fun of the victims of domestic violence may be comedy, but it's also *really* mean-spirited. Between this, and some recycled bits ("Animal Aftercare" is a re-tooled version of "Dog Heaven" from his last album), I can't recommend this album. And that's a huge bummer.
This is a instrumental album & very slow paced - if that is your musical preference then you may enjoy this album
just wasn't the best, I guess I was just expecting more. I really love Micheal W Smith and just thought this would be better
We were disappointed in t,he selections on t,he CD. Not really Christmassy, sort of a hodge-podge.The tenors are, of course, quite excellent, but not the music.
IT JUST WASN'T AS PEPPY AS I WAS EXPECTING.  SEEMED SLOW AND MORE LULLABY FEELING.GOOD FOR A DIFFERENT VERSION THOUGH.
I should have known that I would be let down by this album. Nick lives by the &#34;Crappy joke premise? I am going to run it into the ground&#34; mantra. He tries to be edgy, but he is cornball. Yeah we get it; you are married to Mariah. Jokes were lame, delivery even more so.
NOT CRAZY ABOUT THIS MIX AS I THOUGHT I WOULD BE.  I NEEDED SOMETHING TO REV UP A LONG DORMANT EXCERSIZE PROGRAM..DISAPPOINTED
This track is my only experience with Jimmy's standup (I really like his podcast). The rest of the album may be great, for all I know. If you're just looking for a sample track, I would suggest that you choose a different one from the album.
I frequently use hypnosis and am always seeking new programs. This recording sounds better than many but the script is not very good. It's OK -- I have heard worse. This will do in a pinch and now that I've downloaded it, I guess I'm stuck with it.
I was really excited about this album but I feel like mc dropped the ball a little on this one.  The skits were long and redundant.  Ghost robot was cute as a concept, and the reference was cool at first, but talk about beating a dead horse!The songs are more pop than rap.  Seems like he's trying too hard to cater to his younger crowd, instead of doing what made us love him in the first place.