I wanted music with human singing, but it sounds good. I wanted an album with the words to Christmas music on it.
I picked this up at an estate sale as part of my constant sifting for Christmas music.Regina music boxes were apparently American-made music boxes (made in New Jersey 1892-1921) renowned for their tone. They were among the earliest American "home entertainment systems" with interchangeable discs that each played different musical selections. Holes in the discs triggered the plucking of teeth on metal combs producing the musical notes (thank you, Internet).I couldn't find any information about this album other than the songs on it were arranged by Byron Tipping, it was recorded using a Regina made around 1900 at Creative Sound Productions in Houston, Tex. and it was released by The Regina Musical Co., Inc. in 1989.Most of the songs are forgettable versions of Christmas standards like "Rudolph" and "Frosty." The better tracks are the less familiar. There is a decent version of "I'll Be Home for Christmas," but the two worthwhile tracks (if you're downloading individual MP3 cuts) are "March of the Toys" and "Toyland." The music box format suits these songs very well, giving them an almost dream-like quality which contrasts with the kitschiness of the rest of the album.Again, if you're looking for something to play in the background to help set a holiday mood or add to a Christmas mix, this is okay, but I don't think it will be one of your favorite Christmas albums ever.
I was hoping for a Christmas album full of David Francey's own brilliant writing, or at least some interesting, folky arrangements, so I was a little disappointed that this album is just him and a piano working through old-fashioned carols.  If you're looking for that, it's perfect!  Unfortunately, I wasn't.
used to be a great comic.  Still is good but too much old material.
Some of the meditations on the first CD are wonderful. The second CD messes with my belief system a bit.
This is a weird album.  I consider the mix of reality audio clips with comedy one of the album's experimental high points.  Other high points include Belzer's excellent impersonations and musical talents.  Paul Shaffer was an unwelcome guest for me.  I find his vaudeville caricatures irritating.  The greatest distraction, however, is the poor audio quality.  I imagine the routine(s) would have been funnier with better editing and a re-mastering of the material.  I feel bad giving Belzer a mediocre score, but sound quality matters for all audio media.  Listen close, and this is funnier than most comics performing today.
I really enjoyed the intro to the Chakras but did not realize that there was no guided meditation. There is an intro to meditation and then no meditation.  If there is an mp3 with the guided meditations on it I'd love to find it.
This was a fairly entertaining album as far as "observational comedy" albums go. Her jokes are decently fresh, and the album doesn't have much against it until her audience interactions. I feel awkward for some of the people in the audience just listening to it, and it does detract a bit from the rest of the act.
I was used to Dickie Goodman as the song sample comedian, so I was pretty surprised at the x rated tone of this album. A lot of it has good shock value, but its got a lot of seriously dated stuff...maybe an older audience will get it, but granny will think it rude
Not bad but I don't feel it's worth the price or think I heard the full rendition. It sounded like broken excerpts from a live performance.Would not recommend-waste of my money!
This was not exactly what I thought it would be.  I thought it would be preformed by Fred Warren and the Pennsylvanias Choir.Additionally, I was sent and charged for two copies and I only wanted one.  Currently, trying to get the label to return one of the copies.  Please advise.
I have not heard this performance. But for fans of God's Trombones, it's hard to match the record by Fred Waring and his Pennsylvanians, Decca LP #DL8047, copyright 1953.
The songs on here are really annoying but at the same time kind of funny. The kids will love it but you'll be ready for your own trip to the local psychiatric center after this.
I bought this as a vinyl record ("A Golden Hour of Christmas Carols," by the Mistletoe Singers) around 1980 and really enjoyed it.  So I was glad to see it appear as MP3s.  Unfortunately, the sound quality of the MP3s is *much* lower -- sounding muffled -- and there are basic mastering problems: the sound has apparently been low-pass filtered at 6000 Hz (!) but not de-noised.  I'm going to make my own CD by recording from vinyl, and I only wish Amazon's supplier had done better.
I love Gaither Vocal Band music, esp David Phelps voice.  So I was excited to get some featuring him. But disappointed that his voice is often hard to hear among the instruments and back up singers.  It sounds as if the mike is closer to the instruments and therefore they often are so loud that other parts are lost.  Beautiful music but disappointed that the full beauty of his voice not more prominent.
I'm a big fan of Cosby's comedy recordings, but this one is just not that good.  Compared to his earlier works, it is very disappointing.  There are some funny moments, but all of the stories start weak, then fizzle and never really pay off.  Nothing here measures up to Cosby's previous classics - the great "Wonderfulness", "Revenge" and "To My Brother Russell".
I bought this to use while walk or do other aerobic exercise during the holidays. I wanted something fun to listen to that would help keep me energized and motivated to move. The songs are all familiar but I don't enjoy the music as much as my regular Christmas music. However, I'm glad to have the fast pace, it is anyway fun and keeps me moving during my workout.
10$ for 12 hours of Churchill is a steal at twice the price but this product has flaws too serious to overlook. The audio quality of some of these recordings is just tragic. I know it was the 1940s but you can find clearer and more complete versions of some of these speeches on Youtube, frankly I expect more of the private sector. Some of these aren't even speeches, they've been truncated into three and four minute soundbites. At the end of the day I am happy enough not do demand my money back but I'd advise anyone who is considering buying this product to shop around and see if maybe there is something better first.
The program is great for beginners. The music could be better - it gets boring. Overall it is easy to follow.
Unbeknownst to me a lot of Pardo's act is crowd work, and that's not really my thing.  Perhaps I should have done more research in advance of my purchase, but I didn't and my enjoyment of the album is what it is.  It's funny, but I don't expect that I'll be re-listening to it a lot.
all right choice if your looking for basic sound that have a jungle feel to them.
My dad bought me this record when I was 5 or so, in the early to mid 1970's.  I played the HELL out of it.  The cover art was GREAT, and so were the stories.  (One side Dracula, one side Frankenstein's Monster)I had not thought about it in years, but I saw a post on it somewhere on Facebook, and I found it here, for a 1.98!Now (as then) I like the Dracula story better.  I've noticed that it's been mentioned that Dracula sounds like Ricardo Montalban.  I can hear that some what.. (When he sighs, I REALLY hear it) But for me, it's a good Dracula voice, in the tone of dear Bela.What I noticed is that Frankenstein's Monster (And the voice actor over all, when playing other small roles) sounds like Frank Gorshin!  Listen to the monster speak, many times he sounds like Frank. (I know it is Gabe Dell, better known as one of "The Bowery Boys")Listening as a grown up, I still enjoyed this.  Hearing Frankenstein's Monster speak so well is odd-but it's as if he can think clear, he just can't speak that way.  And we do get some of the growls we are used to, form the Universal monster.But as I said, the Dracula story is the best.The funny thing is, to be aimed at kids, this is a little gruesome at times.  People die.  Dracula sucks the blood out of at least one person, and the monster kills once, maybe more.  Now days, I'm not sure this would fly.  But that was then, and I'm glad I heard it as a kid, and found it again as an adult.It was a nice trip back!
I had this record as a child and really enjoyed it. I wanted to share it with my kids. I was thrilled when I found this copy. Unfortunately, the volume is of poor quality so that even with the volume turned up on any CD player I've used it is hard to hear with the same clarity it should be.
I used to work at a "Music of Your Life" radio station and every Christmas season the cartridges with the holiday standards would come out. Hands down, Vikki Carr had the best version of "What Child Is This". It's good to see it on this compilation but the track listings are incorrect. Listen to the sample of track #5 which claims to be the hideous Robert Goulet and you'll find that it's Vikki Carr. I confirmed this with a download. The problem is easily remedied by editing the mp3 file properties to reflect the correct song title and artist name. As for the rest of the collection I can't really comment, I just raided it for the one song download.
Great examples of turkeys communicating but I would have to have heard each call individually and what each call is used for and when to use it.  Just hearing the turkeys talk without a reference as to why they are clucking, purring, etc doesn't help an inexperienced turkey hunter like myself.  The audio quality is great and it is interesting to hear all the calls, I just would have liked more explanation.
The content of the material is excellent.  However, in the MP3 format, I am wondering where they found the narrator.  His ability to correctly pronounce English words is lacking.
There is no doubt that John Sheehan is an extremely talented guitarist.This cd is lacking though, I found the arrangements did not flow, they are too 'jazzy' and grating.
After misplacing my Hypnobabies cds from my previous baby (WAY too expensive to purchase again), I've been trying to find something that will relax me and get me focused for my next baby due in two weeks.  I purchased Hypnosis for Birth CD 1 and 2 because of the price and the reviews.  I do like the imagery of the meadow and the mountain, but I didn't realize when I purchased them that the speaker has an Australian accent.  Being American, it was difficult for me to concentrate and relax completely because her pronunciation and reflection were so much different from mine.  Perhaps this wouldn't have been so much of a problem if I had a longer time to get used to it, but as it stands I am still looking for something else.
Not sure why something entitled The Holy Quran, does not have all the surahs in it?
There are 3 aspects to this that stand out to me.1) Angry frustrated ranting against the injustices of the system which is all the fault of old white men. Pretty standard college feminist stuff.2) Beautiful mantra chanting. This woman has a really beautiful voice and she's chosen some nice chants.3) Some personal and touching and funny poetry/stories.#1 I could totally do without. I mean, I get it but I just have no interest in listening to it. Then again, I'm not the target audience the author is reaching out to.The chanting is worth the price of the other stuff to me.
If you don't have "Making Light of Myself" you will enjoy and find this funny.  However, there is very little new here, and I don't know if it is John's delivery, or if they sped up the tempo to make it fit in a certain time frame, but the whole thing sounds rushed, and thus, not as enjoyable as "Making Light of Myself"John Pinette is hysterical, and is well worth listening to, but if given a choice, I would go with one of the earlier CDs, wither it be "Making Light of Myself" or "Show Me the Buffet" which of course is the work that made him burst into the big time to begin with.
While I enjoyed the audio mp3 in my car, I bought the book later.  My inability to correlate the audio chapters and lessons with the book table of contents is perplexing.  It really makes me wonder what edition of The Science of Mind this is based on. (Certainly not the August 1998 version with Jean Houston which I bought online.)Great introduction.  But you will buy the book if you even remotely like the audio.
I was disappointed to find this was not the actual movie soundtrack recording.  Guess i should look a little closer before I press "purchase".  Still good, just not the movie soundtrack, which in my opinion, can't be topped.
The Dimension X shows are really good. The Arch Obler shows are OK but does not include the entire Chicken Heart episode. Otherwise it's a fun way to spend a long drive.
I haven't bought this album and I can't give a real review. But I don't know where else to post a comment for it. The album seems to be what I'm looking for but when I try to sample the songs the samples are so short it's impossible to get any clear idea where they're headed. I think it's a shame and am certain they'd sell if only we could hear more than a few seconds of each song.
Maybe this will work, but this guys voice is so "blah" that every time I try to listen to it he puts me to sleep.  I'm glad I bought the MP3 and it was way cheaper so I don't feel so bad.
Connie Cook Smith's reading tone and inflection were done well, however the story was a tad weak and the soundscape a bit overdone. Still I like most any ghost story so hey it was worth a buck
I am a fan Of the Saint radio shows. I downloaded this file on my cell phone. 2 of the 6 shows are duplicated The Saint Goes Underground and the Connelly Silver Mine are the same story.  One has a glitch in the recording,that indicates that this was a poorly put together file. Since it was a download I have no idea who to complain to about the mistakes. If you are a true Vinnie fan you will enjoy the few shows that are on the file.  Hopefully there will be more MP3's of the Saint.  So many great old time radio shows that need to be converted!!!!
clever and funny song - but that's just it, it is only one song, not a cast recording.That's disappointing.
My first warning was when I found this in the comedy section of a nearby box-store superchain that will remain nameless.  More of a "Making Of" or an explicit "how to" on ways to self-destruct any and all opportunities to make anything listenable than an actual hip-hop album.  That doesn't mean it isn't funny or entertaining, however.  Just know that you'll drop your $ to basically hear Steve-O babble about drug abuse, venereal disease, quasi-famous celebrity hook-ups (somebody keep this and play it for Nicole Ritchie's daughter in seventeen years.), and how he mindlessly squandered Universal's money, all to lifeless background beats.  Now that I think about it, all that deserves one more star.  The accompanying DVD really doesn't add anything new to the equation, but until Steve-O finds Jeezus in rehab, and is brainwashed by right-wing goons for three years in a desperate bid to have a running mate that makes Sarah Palin look presidential (Don't say this COULDN'T happen), this will stand as his magnum opus of idiocy.
Being that I think Joni is the greatest songwriter in my lifetime, I dropped $18 on these interviews. The sound quality leaves much to be desired for a 1994 recording. You can hardly hear the interviewer. The interview covers a bit of Joni's early years, her drift towards working with jazz musicians, and her comments on the current music scene, as well as violence towards women. But, not in any particular order. I guess I was hoping for more of; 'I wrote this song because...', but to cover Joni's life, would certainly take more than an hours worth of interviews. After all, she's been singing about her life for over 4 decades. God bless you Joni Mitchell. Keep shining.
It was not what I thought it would be.  I thought it was his poetry set to music, not just a poetry reading.
As a liberal, I find the term "white" noise a little offensive. It's as if the minority colors don't also make noise. Amazon, please consider changing the name of this product. I suggest something like, "Non-discriminatory noise."
About 30 minutes in length.  This was actually fairly straightforward.  Starts with wave music, then metronome ticking.  Then he starts talking, leading you backward and so on.  It was guiding the regressive hypno, but the only problems were (1) some scratchy/ skippy sounding and then (2) 25 minutes into it, it had a major repeating skip (kind of like if it was vinyl).  Probably a big no-no in hypnotherapy (because it broke down the relaxation aspect). Other than that, it probably would've been ok.
As a fan of the Haunted Mansion this was a big letdown.The story itself isn't as mysterious or spooky as one would hope. I suppose you can't fault the producers of the track since the story comes from the original planning of the Haunted Mansion attraction over 40 years ago.What really causes this story to suffer is poor execution and poor production.The reading is dry and reminded me of a second grade teacher reading to her students.The lofty "Gothic dialogue" is unconvincing and forced..."Conventional wisdom of the house's origin and the intentions of its various occupants have been somewhat fluid over the passing years." Huh?It really could have benefited from a more dramatic reading and more sinister music and sound effects throughout. Ultimately I came away bored and glad that I only paid 89 cents.
It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't all that impressive either. I had been excited to hear it, but it ended up being kind of basic and the writing wasn't all that great, not to mention, it was about as creepy as an episode of Scooby-Doo. It's a shame.
The only thing I had ever heard of hers is the original Buy This Pigs album. I respected Judy on that album because she wasn't a yuckmouth comedian. Since this is a "Best of" album it has the original bits from that album plus newer bits. The newer bits are full of profanity and dirtier comedy. So apparently she at one point decided to go gutter. So much funnier before and so unnecessary to head in that direction. My advice is just to listen to the first half of the album (with the "I Like Boys" song being the last one). The rest of the album isn't worth it IMHO.
In this guided meditation, the narrator starts out at an audible level and speaks in a comforting enough voice.  About 10 minutes or so into this 20 minute long meditation, soft music can be heard and the narrator then begins speaking at a very low whisper, sending what I can only imagine was an attempt at subliminal messaging. However the overall effect when you're listening to this at 1 AM at night in the dark, in your bed, is a somewhat creepy effect in my opinion.  I tried to tell myself to relax, it's almost ironic given that this recording purchased for relaxation ended up making me more tense and nervous than prior to using it.  I'm not bashing the product, I'm sure the subliminal whisperings were all positive and good, but for me, it had the opposite effect and I wish I had gone with something more simple, just some person talking the entire time instead of whispering and mood music.
I bought this CD for my hubby, who has decided to get back into meditation.  He also bought the book, which is wonderful and highly recommended.The CD?  Not so much recommended.  For one thing, Victor has a speaking voice that is a bit grating for a guided meditation CD.  I have nothing against NY accents but a more soothing, lilting voice is definitely preferred if one is leading a guided meditation.A better meditation CD would be Rod Stryker's "3 Meditations to Live By" (this is one I swear by).  Rod's voice is much more soothing.Another issue with this CD is that during the actual meditation, Victor will pop up and start talking at the most inopportune times, startling you out of your meditative flow.Get the book instead, which hubby says has completely changed the way he looks at meditation (for the better).
At the end of each meditation session there is a 1 minute sales pitch regarding the book and author's website. It is very irritating. I had already read the book before ordering this CD to use  for guided meditation practice. It is very irritating to hear the sales pitch every day!!!  He could have just mentioned it at the beginning of the CD instead of the end of each meditaton practice. Shows how money minded author is. Other wise the I rate the book CD as good. With the CD, after you have listened to it once (introductory stuff) and started practice, there is no use for chapters 1-8. I ideally the CD should be broken into a practice only part and rest of stuff part, so we can just pop the practice only stuff in a player and use it daily.
Back in the day, around 1985 or 86 I purchased this on vinyl. I still have it in storage.There was an influx of awesome quality bootlegs from Frank Zappa. It had to be an inside job. the art, the sound quality, everything was high standard for a boot.When Frank got wind of these bootlegs he took it upon himself to exact revenge on these perps, and released their copies of the work they stole from him in  the  first place. That's the beat the boots series.This recording of the original Mothers, although not high quality by todays standards, present one of the most original and talented bands of all time.A snapshot if you will of a moment that I would never be able to experience.Frank never would have released this himself, so the bootleggers actually performed a great service to us .In theory bootleggers are scum. making money from other people's work, but they release the stuff that the ultra fan wants. people who have already bought all the official releases want more. the egos of artists can't get past this.As a Grateful Dead fan I personally won't buy bootleg material(it's kind of an unwritten code. The Dead actually let people tape their shows, so to sell a bootleg was taboo.) only trade. But there is a definite need for this stuff.Anyway, I'll get off my soapbox.If You're a Zappa fan and especially a Mothers fan and want to hear some awesome early Mother's jamming, this is the  thing for you. And it's supported by the Zappa family trust.Now if they would only allow the downloading of Frank's official discography.... I have A lot of room on my ipod for that.Buy this ..you won't be sorry.
Man, I love Andre Legacy's flow. Him & the rest of the Dyslexic Speedreader crew (Mickey Avalon, Dirt Nasty) are a breath of fresh air to a genre that takes itself & its posturing way too serious. This CD is full of good ol party rhymes. R rated no doubt but a damn good listen..
This is a spoken word drama CD in German.I don't think it would be fair to give this a low rating, since I can't really judge the story; I do, however, think that this should be listed explicitly as a foreign language audio drama.
The first disc, the classic stuff, that's where the magic is. Danny Elfman sure knows how to make an awesome soundtrack. The problem is with the second disc. Korn? All American Rejects? Flyleaf? Marilyn Manson? Granted, I think Korn and Flyleaf can make some good music, but what Disney is doing is letting a bunch of artists that wouldn't make good Nightmare covers make Nightmare covers. The only cool part of the second disc would have to be the Danny Elfman replacement of Patrick Stewart (though Stewart's is still pretty awesome).I remember when Nightmare used to be a cult classic. When did the emo kids get attached to it? Guess Sweeny Todd is my new fav...Wait, what? They're into that, too! Great.
This is a pretty great album for die-hard nightmare fans like me, even if you don't like some of the bands.The download, however, was a little wonky. The artist names weren't labeled correctly, and I had to change them myself. Also, for some reason, instead of splitting up the album into two folders the amazon downloader decided to put them in one album, and put "(Disc 2)" in the title name. I think someone needs to edit the download so other people don't have to waste a half hour trying to fix it like I did. Amazon downloads are usually great, so this was kind of a surprise for me.
I have few of the BMV CD's. They sound almost the same.Some Cd's are the same with different title.I'm a bit dissapointed .
The original CD has an order to the tracks, but when you download it the playlist is sorted by track name, not number.
hey there!!how are you??i have used subliminal cd's and and mp3's for years.i have had a alotta success.this has helped me in dealing w/my divorce.i would recommend it.
Probably need to use headphones for this to be more effective. I try to have it play under my pillow as i drift to sleep, no noticeable changes as of yet...
it's good, his is funny and I want more DVD s of him to be made and sold to the public
wish i could find a training program that actually had upbeat music behind it! This is like elevator music - bleh
Although I can't say that I love all of the songs on this album, I do think there are several that really work, specifically, "Fall Down The Stairs", "Crush", and "Short or Tall."  I was able to see a performance of the album at the cd release party and was impressed how it translated live.  Definitely worth checking out...
All the technical info just ruins it for me , if there is a way to not hearing that while you loop the rest it would be perfect.
It was okay. Not bad but not one great song after the other.  It was fine for filling in the background for our drive-way garage trick or treating/party event.
it is ok but not enought scary sounds i thought there would be more sounds than songs of old times
For a long time I've been looking for a recording of a brass quartet playing Christmas carols, kind of like when you're lucky enough to hear the Salvation Army band on a street corner.  Since this group is a quintet, I eagerly downloaded the album.  Some of the tracks are done straight, but others fall into the old artsy, atmospheric trap that traditionalists like myself aren't always in the mood to hear.  The most memorable track is also the most unfortunate, a seemingly endless and rather bizarre version of "O Come, O Come Emanuel."  So, for me at least, the search goes on...
its what it says it is no bull, I have much stronger ones, so this is good for the novice by far, a place to start.LOL
TSO would have done a better job. However, this is still a decent Christmas album. Merry Christmas to all, bye.
I give this 3-stars because I expected more and at the end of the day wasn't impressed as nothing is memorable on the CD. It's worth the purchase as something to add to the music during a Holiday party but outside of that I find myself rarely listening to it during this past Holiday season.
There are so many versions of this lovely standard out there, and this is a sweet one. Nice twist to add "O Come, Emmanuel"  Glad I downloaded it.
Tis the Season is a collection of ten Holiday oriented pieces by guitarist Greg Por&eacute;e. The album features classical Holiday standards including "Hark the Herald Angels Sing," "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "Silent Night." By choosing to include only traditional songs, which also include "What Child is This," "Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring" and "It Came Upon a Midnight Clear," Por&eacute;e has provided a must have track listing of Holiday songs, but has put himself in a precarious position at the same time. While many people enjoy listening to their favorite songs during the Holiday season, many of them will already have their favorite recordings of each song, which poses a problem for artists such as Por&eacute;e who are looking to compete with these long-loved versions.This is a hard line to maintain whenever an artist decides to do a Holiday album, one where they must play traditional repertoire to fit into the genre's classification, and must also provide unique and fresh material to stand out against the plethora of other albums in the genre. Por&eacute;e has chosen to play it safe with this album, which is a valid choice, but the album might actually have a broader appeal had he chosen to cover lesser-known pieces, or write one or two original works to include on the record.While most of the album features traditional interpretations of these oft-heard Holiday songs, the guitarist does breathe fresh air into "We Three Kings," which is the first section of "Kings and Things" on the record. Here, Por&eacute;e uses accents and oddly grouped arpeggio patterns to hide the tune's 6/8 time signature during the opening section. By doing so, he has kept the melody in place for those listeners who are looking for the crux of the piece, while providing a modern twist to a classic track. As well, the rest of the medley contains the Sound of Music's "My Favorite Things," before returning to "We Three Kings" and again "My Favorite Things" as the song's conclusion. It may seem like a bit of a strange combination, but both songs flow seamlessly into each other and the success of the arrangement begs the question, what hasn't this medley been done more often or ever before?As a player Por&eacute;e possess a strong sense of time and understanding of the melodic content of each of these ten tracks. He often chooses to dig into the emotional content of a piece than deliver a particular section or song at a quicker tempo, such as the wonderfully played "Coventry Carol." While he is a strong emotional player, which helps him make an instant connection with his audience, guitarists will no doubt notice the abundance of left-hand noise that bleeds through on the recording. It is virtually impossible to have a squeak free performance, but Por&eacute;e's left-hand noise sometimes distracts the listener from the musical content of the piece he is performing. It is a small issue for most people, especially non-guitarists, but six-stringers might find it a bit too much for their liking depending on their tolerance for this sort of thing.Regardless of the fret noise, Tis the Season is a strong outing for Por&eacute;e. Yes, he could have chosen a more adventurous set list, but maybe that would have been going too far with a Holiday themed record. Instead, the guitarist has brought together a collection of ten Holiday classics, played with a high level of emotion and musicality. Review by Matthew Warnock
I work in a Curves Fitness Center, and the music provides a good beat for working out. I would have liked lyrics, this is just instrumentals.
Did not work for my spanish speaking congregation.  They claimed it was a different kind of Spanish or not Spanish.
while there was nothing remarkable about this music I will credit it with a better than expected time in the 5K.  I don't think that I will be using it, except during the holiday season.  But over all a good buy, and very helpful!
too much silence on guided meditation. my mind and body get restless waiting for the next step. Male voice is pleasant
If you enjoy Nickelodeon's Ren & Stimpy singing "Happy Happy, Joy Joy" or any of the Bob Rivers "Twisted Christmas" parodies, you'll enjoy this album.  It's rock 'n' roll, but the lyrics have nothing to do with the religious feast known as Christmas, other than using the word "christmas" in them.  (In this case I deliberately write it "christmas", with a lower-case "c".)
Unfortunately this is a problem with many standup CD's, the producer will just take the entire show and throw it on the CD including jokes where visual is nesesary to understand it, like facial expressions etc.I also detected a few &#34;borrows&#34; from Jef Foxworthy in there, conviniently rewritten but still recognisable, and Kevin Hart seriously drop the Chris Rock voice, develop your own spiel, and good luck.
The vocal spoke blessings are a little too fast. There is not enough time to meditate and process all that is said. I enjoyed the instrumentals much more than the vocals.
Unable to download to my iPod very discouraged the gospels were excellent would have preferred if they were continuous and not interrupted after each volume
"Christmas Tree" is a silly, fun song that most Lady Gaga fans would enjoy. Of course, not everyone would agree with what she is saying on her lyrics but that is why Amazon has a preview button for you to decide if you want to download it or not. I think people were just caught off guard and were expecting a more "traditional" Christmas song.As for my opinion, I think it's a good song. Good but not great :)
Usually, Christmas songs aren't my cup of tea (or music reviews for that matter).  On the other hand, here's a free song from a rising pop star who I actually listen to.  The innuendo here doesn't bug me nearly as much as what I've heard on Christmas editions of Jerry Springer and South Park.  But GaGa could've kept that gift wrapped for once this year.  At least she doesn't add candy canes to the mix.This song contains explicit lyrics.
Nothing special here, but I really can't figure out what some reviewers are complaining about. This isn't X rated, more like PG13, I guess some people are SO repressed that all they can think of is sex, and then they have to hide their arousal, thereby encouraging TRUE perversion.
This is a very good CD.  The music is well played and beautiful. I only gave it three stars because some songs are not necessarily the type of music I like.  I loved half of the songs and the others I didn't really care for. Some remind me of something you would hear at a renaissance fair, that's not to say they are bad, just not my taste.  That said, I would definitely add some to my playlist.  I don't regret the purchase.
Kristin Korb is a great jazz artist, but the selections on this new collection, in my opinion, leave a lot to be desired.  She has done so much better on previous releases.
You might have already guessed from the cover art and samples that this is not the most professional production.  I knew that going in, but still wasn't quite prepared for the degree of weirdness on this album.  The sound quality isn't great - in some cases, the words are incomprehensible, though I do have a lyrics sheet.Some songs, such as Strut King Tut, and the too-short "poem" "Look at my Pyramid" really don't add any helpful information, and one - "Building a Pyramid:  Gary's Funny New Age Story" was just so bad and weird that I had to delete it from my MP3 player so the kids wouldn't hear it and think it was true.It's about an alien named "Oh" who came and used lasers and "rock music" to levitate giant stones to build the pyramids - but he treated his workers right and thus came to be known as "Fair Oh."  Well - you can see why I didn't want young children hearing that as part of their actual ancient history studies.  Ugh.Other songs are more listenable, like the intro song "Gift of the Nile," and helpful, like the Hieroglyphics song, which is somewhat redundant but does a good job of pointing out a few things which were "not invented yet."  The song "Look what came from Egypt" does a good job of synopsizing some modern inventions which are credited to the ancient Egyptians.  And the "Making a Mummy" song is fun - the kids always giggle at the end.Perhaps the best feature of this album are the three narrations, corresponding to the Old, Middle and New Kingdoms of Egypt.  These provide a lot of interesting information in a very palatable "sound-bite" form.  HOWEVER... the name of the two Pharaohs Senusret is misprounced as "sen-SUS-ret" when I believe the usual pronunciation is "sen-US-ret" or "sen-OOS-ret."Nevertheless, with so little fun listening material out there geared to young kids studying this time period of history, I don't regret having bought this CD, and feel it's a useful addition to our homeschool curriculum.
There are several things left out of this.  One is including the arms, hands and breasts in body parts to receive the healing.  She also leaves out the part where you are supposed to be guided to wake up.  You are not really guided into a deep meditation but novices would possibly benefit from being brought back to awakening.  The affirmations are also not really much to speak about and are not really separate from the meditation for those who thought them to be separate and who do not wish to do the whole meditation but want a quick refresher for the brain.
Tracks sound like there are two different parties going on at once, one with hip hop grooves, the other with plain ordinary screams & groans. Possibly from the neighbors of the first party.
I have numerous titles of Eckhart Tolle and they are incredibly helpful. The only problem with this one is that there is a 'buzz' in the recording that was either not noticed nor corrected. There's a similar problem in the 5 DVD presentation of Practicing Presence, his fantastic DVD series India Retreat, and there's excessive hiss on the first CD of Through the Open Door. The teachings are so marvelous that they deserve a higher quality of sound engineering than what Sounds True sometimes presents. (Most are fine however.) Such problems are easily corrected even after the fact with today's technology, and I wish they were rectified before these awesome presentations were released to the public, rather than listeners having to compensate for such engineering shortcomings. I passed on this presentation because of these reasons, and I wish that hadn't been necessary. (I do however have 40 other titles of his that have been life changing - his wording is noticeably different on each one.)
If it's Eckhart Tolle I will always recommend, however this is not his best work, but as a person who enjoys his teachings it was certainly a good lesson.
Eckhart Tolle is a pure delight, but this is not his best recording. Considering the amount of gastronomic distress he is experiencing during the talk, I'm surprised that Sounds True even put it out. I tried hard just to listen to the message, but by the end, couldn't help but laugh at the belches and odd sounds he was making. And to which he seemed totally oblivious, I might add. The mark of a true master, perhaps. . .
The music on this album is good music, just not music I would most likely play at my new year's eve celebration.  For the right event, right atmosphere, this would rate higher.
Don't care for the Pres much though, sorry. I should listen to this again, I remember its like a single. Ras Mykkal was hopefull, when the first black president of the United States was elected, as where many of us. This song is, I believe, an expression of that hope. I bought all the music I could get by this artist including this at the time, because I like Ras Mykkal's Reggae style.
I don't think these songs are the best to use for kids to learn grammar. The choruses are alright, since they're repetitive and the kids can memorize them. However, the lyrics are long and wordy, so the kids definitely have to have the words from the book to follow along. Also, the songs are very clearly written in the 1980's. My students think they're a little silly. I do however, play them just the chorus of a song at times. All my fourth-graders know that pronouns take the place of nouns now!
While some tracks on this are a bit on the ho-hum side, "Deck The Halls" brings the house down; 23 royal minutes of some serious cutting. Lew Soloff & Clark Terry on trumpets bring it like the salvation of their souls depended on it. And when you think you've about heard it all, Gail Wynters comes in scatin' while  Jimmy Slyde taps, taps, and tap-dances on "We Three Kings". Where else are you gonna get scating and tap dancing on a "Noel" album? No folks, inspite of the seasonal cheese patina & outlandish costumes, this CD is actually a jam for all seasons and reasons. The personnel  of ol' stalwarts like Ron Carter, Dave Brubeck, Lionel Hampton, Tito Puente & Jon Faddis. Buy it for the zaniness, but keep it for the music.C. Rex, Thump, thump, thump .....Short Review - "Bending Towards the Light - a Jazz Nativity" (Audio CD)
Not cool enough to keep 8 year old attention. Should be slower and more hip; needs to have more up to date music and play a little slowly.
They worked out just fine to vary the way my 7 yr old learned her math. Between these jingles and flash cards my kid knows her tables thru the twelves, no problem....ready for division.
I really like the music but the sound is very poor.  I kept it but really should have returned it.
I think that setting memory work to music is a brilliant idea.  I don't really have any problem with the songs, but the instrumentation is hokey and some of the vocals sound like they are done by the munchkins.  These could be re-done with better production and sound really great, I think.  I'll have to see if my kids can stand to listen to them long enough to learn them; I'm pretty sure I won't be able to!  There is so much great sounding kids music out these days that is a shame these couldn't be better.
I have now collected all eleven offerings in this British Church Music Series, each of which highlights a composer of anthems, motets and services.This Percy Buck set is not the most outstanding in the series. The opening anthem, &#34;Let the Peace of God,&#34; along with &#34;Mercy and Truth&#34; and &#34;God Be Merciful to Us&#34; are my own favorites. Many of the others, unfortunately, move into mawkish chromaticism which seems dated and uninspiring.My biggest warning to potential customers is that the last five tracks of the download version are marred by noise, due to the tracks being ripped from a faulty CD. Two of the tracks aren't even complete (#22 and #24).  I have written to the manufacturer about the problem (June 2014) and will post any information I receive to this website. Until then, I wouldn't purchase this album electronically.
A selection of audio-erotica and jokes recorded by Jeanette Maier, once the madam of a New Orleans escort brothel which, as advertised, was located around Canal Street. The CD came out in 2004 on the heels of the revelation that many Republican politicians were her clients, including one "pro-family" Republican senator from Louisiana who allegedly employed her services to indulge his diaper fetish. (Incredibly, this same senator is still in office, and recently went off on a rant about immorality in Congress. I guess he should know, right?)Anyway, this is basically for those quiet moments where you want to hear a woman with a dark, sexy voice and a southern accent talk dirty to you and tell you some old dirty jokes, some of which are funny anyway. The sound quality is not great - sounds like it was recorded straight to the computer with an onboard mike - but for fans of erotica or oddball historical recordings, it's something you'll want to check out. It has a lot better shelf life than those Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon themed albums from the 1960s, because no matter what era you're in, politicians and prostitutes are always going to be closely related.
The music of Geography Songs is excellent for learning names of countries,the US states, and some other geography facts. The songs are interesting and fairly well done. There are, however, several errors in pronunciation. My kids, right now, are singing along saying "Nee'-paul" for Nepal. The Middle East song is perhaps the worst offender, with "Ee-ran" and "Ee-raq", and their butchering of Qatar doesn't even come close. Granted, perhaps most Americans seldom speak of Qatar, but for songs intended to teach, I expect words to be pronounced correctly.
I got this because I like ocean sounds and singing bowls are nice and I needed something to help me sleep. Unfortunately, it always wakes me up!! I bought other music that puts me to sleep and then this wakes me up in the middle of the night. Actually, it's kind of great because I wake up long enough to turn off my iPad then go back to sleep. In a way, it was an unseen blessing!
nice cd that also has auto rip for my mp3 which is a plus. Like many of the meditation cds I have purchased, this one seems to have too much repetitive music.
I love John "Dr Dirty" Valby and all, and this album certainly has a collection of some of my favorite works by him... but what is with John releasing these albums that don't even run for 30 mins? A CD will hold 80 mins of audio, and this one here runs for about 29min:34sec. John really would benefit more if he would combine some of his albums to lengthen them out, some of the albums he has done, you could fit 3 albums onto one disc. I am really disappointed that this only runs 30 mins, it's not a bad album at all, and contains some of the best songs, but come on, 30 mins? What a jib.
Not what I wanted. I expected more. I am disapointed with this album. Should have listened more to the samples.
I bought because it was a scripture based meditation.  When you listen, it is a little distracting because the facilitator is a bit verbose.  Not ideal for meditation, it is just okay.
I saw Brent for the first time and bought his CDs after the show. A lot of his comedy comes from his demeanor and actions on stage which you obviously don't get from just listening. I'd recommend this CD only if you've already seen him perform. I really like the parts of the CD that aren't live, like when he tell Joe Frank-esque stories.
Content is incredible. The narrotator is really boring to me... I listen to several audio books and this guy is beige. Beige. Beige.
I've long been a fan of this album as well as the follow up, not currently available here.  If you like over-the-top, risque, profanity laced comedy, this album might just be for you.  Take a look at the track titles and you'll get an idea of what you're getting.I'm downgrading my rating not because of the material itself but because of the quality of what Amazon is selling.  I'm pretty sure these files are just needle drops from a record with some attenuation of high frequencies to try to mask noise.  Beyond that, however, a few of the tracks actually fade prior to their endings on the original album.  There's no excuse for that.I have long had a copy of this on cassette that was copied from a friend's cassette that was copied from a friend's vinyl.  Needless to say, sound quality wasn't great -- and the original vinyl was pretty scratched up.  I anticipated this mp3 album to provide a higher quality of sound but it really wasn't much improved over what I already had.  Buying this did renew my search for the original album, though, and I happily scored a copy in quite good shape on that auction website.  Much, much better sound quality than what's available here, and with the hysterical cover art shown here in 12x12 format.
This cd is not bad, but not very good, either. He is a much better live performer who works a crowd well.  Much of his material is lost on those above 30.
The style and level of content and detail in this audio is akin to an informal, intro talk... the sort of thing you'd get at a book store or cafe.So, what material there is *does* have value, but if you're wanting something more rigorous and thorough, look elsewhere.
OK, I am old enough to remember Jackie Gleason as a child/teenager, so I bought this Christmas CD and I don't regret it. After listening to it several times, I must say that it is good for background Christmas music, as it is entirely instrumental and orchestral in feel. Which is not a bad thing , as I have over 100 Christmas CD's that I have playing in a shuffle mode.I don't feel the Jackie Gleason connection here, I was hoping for a more distinct personality,  that's all.I apologize in advance if I offended any Jackie Gleason fanatics out there .
If you are too lazy or busy, like me, to read the book this is the next best thing. The voice software, not human, used to read the book reads too fast and is difficult to understand. Found myself having to listen to passages 2-3 times before understanding what is going on. How about a 2.0 version slowed down a bit.
Most of the sounds are too subtle and the same tune is repeated over and over again for the large part with very few variations. I could have done with some other music.
Recommended to intermediate German language students. However, I am a learn-by-writing student. Perhaps you will think differently. Knowledge of spelling is useful in correct pronunciation, which is somewhat difficult to determine by the speaker.
Over the years nearly every major label has produced compilations with songs/sounds related to Hallowe'en, and here it's one from Capitol which presents 29 tracks mixing brief spooky sounds with some full studio productions. Tracks 1 and 12 are culled from the 1964 Capitol LP Y2219 "Monster Dance Party featuring Don Hinson & The Rigamorticians; tracks 3 and 15 are from the 1963/.64 Dolton BLP 2027/BST 8027 "The Ventures In Space"  - tracks 6 and 16 from the 1964 Capitol LP ST-2215 "Dracula's Deuce" with The Ghouls being The Beach Boys in ghstly drag, and track 10 is from the 1964 Capitol LP 5383 "Rods n' Ratfinks featuring Mr. Gasser & The Weirdos. Some of the others were released as singles, with a couple even managing to make the national charts as indicated:1. Thunderstorm (sound effect) - 1961 EMI Records; 2. Monster Mash - Don Hinson & The Rigamorticians - 1963; 3. The Twilight Zone - The Ventures - 1962 Dolton Records; 4. Spooky Movies - Gary Paxton - 1963 Capitol Records; 5. Squeeky Door Open and Close (sound effect) - 1961 Capitol Records; 6. Dracula's Deuce - The Ghouls - 1964; 7. Theme From The Munsters - Jack Marshall (he wrote the music) Capitol 5288 - 1964; 8. Castin' My Spell - The Johnny Otis Show (vocal by Marcie Lee) - Capitol 4168 - # 52 Billboard Pop Hot 100 May 1959; 9. Ghostly Sounds Part 1 (sound effect) - 1961 Capitol Records; 10. Hearse With A Curse - Mr. Gasser & The Weirdos - 1964; 11. Werewolf - The Frantics - # 83 Hot 100 March 1960 - Dolton 16; 12. Riboflavin-Flavored, Non-Carbonated, Polyunsaturated Blood - Don Hinson & The Rigamorticians; 13. Creaking Door (sound effect) - 1961 EMI Records; 14. The Lurch - Ted Cassidy - Capitol 5503 - 1965 - featuring the man who made Lurch from The Addams Family famous - and vice versa; 15. Fear (Main Title from "One Step Beyond") - The Ventures - 1962; 16. The Graveyard Shift - The Ghouls - 1964; 17. Howling Winds (sound effect) - 1961 EMI Records; BONUS SPOOKY SOUND EFFECTS 18. The Stroke Of Midnight; 19. Opening Castle Door; 20. Wrought Iron Gate Squeak & Close; 21. Stairs Creeking; 22. Squeak One; 23. Squeak Two; 24. Ghostly Sounds Part 2; 25. Ghostly Sounds Part 3; 26. Ghostly Sounds Part 4; 27. Ghostly Sounds Part 5; 28. Ghostly Sounds Part 6; 29. Ghostly Sounds Part 7.Not something you'll want to listen to more than once a year - but the kids might like it - even some of the tunes.
Music is ok, not great. Same singer sings all the songs. I want more variety. Good for first time walkers perhaps.
I really like this program to help me keep up the pace in my walking program.  However I play in on my MP3 player and there are no menus or instructions about how to use it.  So I have to keep jumping around on the MP3 until I find something that I like.  If there were instructions...this would be a 5 star product.
I have recently become interested in NLP (Neurolinguistic Programming) and came across Michael's work from a recommendation from a friend. I have pros and cons about my listening experience with "Just Your Luck - Beginning to Change with Nlp & Guided Imagery for Personal Development";  so it here isThe ProsFirst, I like the introduction on what inspired him to write and record this particular piece on luck: And is there is such a thing as good, bad or no luck.Second, I like the several tie-ins and examples he used throughout this mp3. I would go in detail but that would be giving away the entire essence of this man's work.Third, I like the several mental imagery exercises that Michael has the listening throughout session.The ConsFirst, I did not like it that Michael spent a huge portion of the session going over the legal disclaimer (10 to 12 min) if I am not mistaken; to me, it took me back to the law school days, where I was sitting through one of my law school courses with a boring professor. At one point, I had to fast forward just to get to the topic at hand.Second, although I somewhat enjoyed listening to "Just Your Luck - Beginning to Change with Nlp & Guided Imagery for Personal Development", the music was boring. If I had a recommendation but I would recommend that music be just slightly mid-tempo, upbeat. And have more than one song playing while the author narrates.Finally, I would recommend buying it: As I mention before, If I had to grade this, I would give it more of a B Minus or in simple terms 3 and half stars out of Five.
This story launches an attempted reboot of Blake's 7, roughly corresponding to the first few episodes of the original series, using a new cast.  It's pleasing to experience Blake on trial again, to hear about a prison planet called Cygnus Alpha, to hear the names Roj Blake, Jenna Stannis, Kerr Avon, Commander Travis, Supreme Commander Servalan, Vila, and Gan like they are new.  But at few points does one experience any surprise from this strictly average, pedestrian story.  This "origin" story changes a lot from the original series, but the new plot is not an improvement.  The ship (not yet called the Liberator) also seems like less of a mystery than it did when they discovered it on the TV show, although that changes in the next audio "Traitor."As for the characters, their cores are mostly intact.  Blake is still the moral hero, Avon the amoral one and computer expert, Vila the restless thief, Jenna the pilot, Servalan the scheming politician.  Gan actually comes off better, more substantial, than in the TV series.  Another good change from the original is, I'm pleased by India Fisher's character Mezin.But the casting is questionable.  If I weren't already a Blake's 7 fan, I probably wouldn't listen to this, and if the audience is Blake's 7 fans, then why would you want a new cast?  The actors are mostly still alive and you can't tell they've aged on audio.  If you are going to get a new cast, at least cast well!  Big Finish has since started doing plays with the original cast, and one wonders why it was ever thought by B7 Media that it would be a good idea not to use the original cast!  Vila in particular is horribly miscast, coming off like an old Cockney con who's been in trouble all his life instead of the slightly immature, slightly cowardly, but winningly innocent and kind thief of the original series.  I can't imagine this Vila and this Avon having the chemistry of Michael Keating and Paul Darrow in their scenes.  Also, they cast an American to play Jenna!  I'm American, but it grates the ears horribly to have an American accent amidst a sea of British ones.Overall, this story is worth listening to as a curiosity, and I'll probably check out "Traitor" and "Liberator" as well, but it's not a must-listen by any means, especially not now that Big Finish have released audios set in the original series timeline using original cast members.  Based on this first story, the reboot adds little that is worth remembering to the Blake's 7 world, but makes horrible changes to Vila and Jenna.
A lot of repetition.  I was a sleep before I finished the CD.  The pianist sounded a little more professional than the other CDs I purchased.  Was exactly what I was expecting.
Just in case someone missed it this MP3 album is $18 while the two albums that make it up are both only $5 each (at least currently), near half the price of buying together. All the songs are present nor is there any indications of anything extra in the collection (booklets, tees, or other bonus items). I would suggest buying the two seperate until Amazon changes the prices to match (hopefully by lowering this one).
Not what I expected, having heard snippets of it previously. Some of the songs are downright awful - the guy named Paul something is terrible.
I listen to a lot of Joan, Barbra, Stevie, Marianne, Nancy, Joni, Carole, Carly and a lot of serious classic music, but I grew up on dance pop like this-more so Angelina than Sharyn Maceren, but as I was scrolling through my music I couldnt find anything dancy and fun so I went for Angelina and discovered  Sharyn Maceren and I'm glad-these two songs especially Christmas Kiss are just what I needed. Its a relief! Music doesnt always have to be serious-I needed a fun break-and these tracks put me in a jolly mood for the holiday season. Highly recommend if your looking for an appeasing distraction.
Some of them are funny but there's only about 7 tracks and they aren't that spectacular. &#34;Customer Service Crackpots&#34; is funnier.
I've been a fan of Junkyard Willie/Touch-Tone Terrorists for a long, long time now, and I must admit that I will buy anything new from the lot that produces these pranks.  With that said, however, I was fairly disappointed by Customer Care Creeps.  I'm not sure when these calls were produced, so time may have played a factor, but honestly, the voices just seemed wrong.  Not sure how to describe it, but the voices seemed higher-pitched than they used to.  Willie sounds different, and something's wrong with Jim Bob's voice as well.  It seems like Jim Bob merged with Louie from the older releases, especially on the &#34;Hubcap Telemarketer.&#34; Jim Bob's moaning at the end sound like something Louie would do while trying to get his lost colostomy bag back.I guess those are minor quibbles, as I still enjoyed this release.  Oh, and it could stand to be a bit longer, as $5.99 seemed a bit steep for only 7 tracks.
The Touch Tone Terrorists make some of the best prank calls, even though it's really just one guy doing all the voices.Customer Care Creeps is a mini album of 7 new prank calls.  While I found them funny, I don't think they are as clever and funny as the calls from the Customer Service Disasters and Customer Service Crackpots albums. Minus 1 star. In addition, the voices sound a bit strange compared to the previous albums, but that could just be me.Also, I was a bit disappointed that many of the characters from the previous albums did not make it to this new album: Vladimir, Stu, Blade and a few others.  In fact, only Jim Bob and Willie appear on Customer Care Creeps.  Minus 1 star.In the end, I still enjoyed the newest prank calls and hope to hear more in the future.Anyone who is a fan of the TTT should buy this album.  For those who are new to the TTT, I recommend starting with the older albums first: Appetite For Disruption and A Permanent Lapse of Reason.
Liked it.  Definitely worth the $0.69 that it cost me to download.  Probably would not have bought it if it was full price though.
The instrumental tracks aren't bad, but the tracks with vocals teeter on the brink of being shrill. The vocals are no where near the quality or timbre of the Celtic Women so if you think that's what you're getting you are not. Would probably suffice as background music at a party or while decorating, but I wouldn't listen to this in the car in traffic during the Christmas season.
I was expecting more instrumental music. There was a lot of singing with unknown songs. The recognizable songs were done well in a Celtic style. I did enjoy those.
Celtic Christmas is mediocre elevator music, Celtic style. I like some of the songs and some of the instrumentals but, like other reviewers, I did not care for the vocals. I did listen to the entire album so maybe that's worth 69 cents but I probably won't listen to it again. Many of these songs are on Revels albums, which I find much more appealing.
Like Christmas music so I wanted to give Celtic music a try and I love it. The tunes are so relaxing and it's not even Christmas time anymore
This was a nice addition to my CD library of Christmas music. Very well priced. I can surely recommend. Fresh.
I was not thrilled with this purchase.  There is one or two songs that I like but that is about it.
Just added this to my Christmas play list this year because it was low-priced. It's a little interesting and something a little different if you like the Celtic sounds. Give it a try, if you like that. It's mostly instrumental which can add to a relaxing ambience.
The first track on this album had me smiling, as a skillfully played medley of Christmas music will always lift my sprouts. Fully instrumental and with a decidedly Celtic flair, I was looking forward to more of the same  Unfortunately, once the singing started on track three, the whole experience was soured for me. The singing wasn't bad by any means, but it led me to feel like this album didn't know what it wanted to be. Is it an instrumental Christmas album? If not, why not feature the lyrics more prominently? As it is I truly can't complain, as the price was low and overall quality high. But there are better Christmas albums out there (just look at my other reviews)  for the same price - which at the time of this writing is a very reasonable 99 cents.
The female lead singer is not very good. But I love the instruments. Had there been less singing it would have been great.
Christmas is to earlie the reason why this song is out so earlie its because of autumn is coming but I don't understand this
The music quality was good, but the vocals left me wanting. After a few songs, I switched to another album...
I liked the selection, but some of the songs seem really homespun and not very good.  However, it was worth the price.
I liked a couple of the tracks.  I generally like Celtic music,  but I don't like it if the performance, esp. the vocal performance,  is too folk-sy,  esp. if it means musicality is at all compromised.  My favorite tracks were the December Waltz and God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen.  Didn't care for the renditions of Noel Breton, The Seven Joys of Mary, When a Child Is Born,  or I Sing a Maid.  Didn't at all like the style of Come Dance with Me.
I thought this album would be more traditional &#34;folksy&#34; type music, but I was sorely disappointed.  It seemed to be more modern Christmas music with (I guess) a Celtic twist, but that's a stretch.  I would definitely recommend you listen to as much of the album as possible before buying this (just to make sure it's what you're looking for).
I love Christmas music in all forms. I thoroughly enjoy the old classics remade with modern instruments. However, this version does have a &#34;darker&#34; vibe in the middle but is still pretty good overall.
expected better qualty of sound. Brought & listened to better renditions of most of these songs on the albulm. Ok
My son had bought this for me as a christmas gift and I thought some of the songs were funny.
Before my first purchase of an mp3 debate (Taunton vs. Hitchens), I was worried about whether or not it would be worth it. All of the debates I had seen prior were on DVDs so I was not sure whether or not it would be worth it. After listening to two mp3 debates now, I can say that it is every bit as worth it as a DVD. So don't let this hold you back from buying it!Considering the topic is whether or not God is great in the first speeches, Hitchens does his typical arguments about how God left the world alone for so long before interfering etc. By typical, I don't mean bad or illogical, rather I mean that if you have heard Hitchens speak many times before then he will not bring much to the table that you have not heard before. In his first speech, Lennox offers a good defense of Christianity, not by throwing down random arguments that typical Christian apologists use, but rather by offering a unique critique of Hitchens' arguments.The second round was, like in all debates, more fluid and interesting. Hitchens still offers what you might consider "normal Hitchens," but then I felt like he broke into a lot of things that he never said before, or at least different versions of his arguments that I had not heard before. Some variation on the "you are created sick, and I order you to become well" argument was quite thought provoking. He poses some challenging questions and once again, like every time I have heard him, made me really think. Unfortunately, in "normal Hitchens" fashion he also make a lot of assertions that I have heard him repeatedly refuted on, yet he continued to argue for them (as a Christian, I cannot personally say that I hold to most of what Hitchens accuses Christianity of). However, Lennox made quite a slamming rebuttal towards how Hitchens missed the point of the things he said in his first speech and even misrepresented his beliefs.The Q&A; was especially interesting and was the main point of interest in this debate. The main point that was argued over was the virgin birth and other supernatural claims. There were some other things that were debated, but this was the biggest point. If you want to buy the Q&As; alone then go right ahead, they are very much worth it.The final speeches are strange. What I mean by this is that Lennox reads some quotes and explains what he thinks of true Christianity and Jesus (as opposed to what he says Hitchens believes about Christianity and Jesus) and was all around very conclusive in his arguments. Hitchens' final speech starts off very strong, but rather than giving a finale, he just babbles on with more points that could easily be debated against (not because of moral points but rather his interpretation of history, which makes it different than Lennox's finale). Thus his final speech was not really "final" or "conclusive." At this point I believe Hitchens must have enjoyed when he got to give the final statement, not because he concluded the debate well, but because he got to ram home some points that he know he could not be debated on (regardless of the logic involved).Perhaps it was the fact that Hitchens' arguments are getting old to me, but I found Lennox to be the dominant debater here. However, Hitchens was very good in the Q&As.;This is actually one of the more interesting debates that I have heard to date. I recommend it. I removed two stars because I Hitchens did not perform to what most would consider his standard excellence, and that ultimately too away from the debate.
I want to be clear that this is a decent mp3, even though I gave it three stars.  I didn't feel it deserved a four star, but I didn't feel it deserved a negative review.  The problem I have with this mp3 isn't major enough for me to stop using it.  There was too much thunder compared to the amount of rain noise between thunderclaps.  Also, though I'm not sure this is real thunder or fake thunder, the way it was mixed in didn't sound realistic.  I'm relatively sure this was a mix and not a recording of a real storm.  Which is perfectly okay.  Some of the best nature mp3s I've heard have been mixes.  But this just doesn't sound completely natural to me.  Is it worth a buy?  Maybe.  It certainly doesn't cost much to try it at just 99 cents.
a good recording for helping you distress yourself.  5 different relaxation techniques from daily to evening and helping you connect to a higher power.
Each meditation is a bit short. I really like the 21 day meditation challenge better. It is more detailed and each meditation is about 15 minutes long. This is okay if you want some stress relief in the afternoon. Each meditation is about 6 minutes long.
I like Deepak Chopra very much but these meditations were just OK.  I use Kelly Howell meditations frequently so maybe I just need to get use to these.  I will continue to work with them.
If you need a good introduction into how to meditate, buy this CD. After a couple of times you will know by yourself, what to do and how to do it. I was more looking for a real guided meditation CD that I could use for stress relief on a regular basis... this is not the one.
Haven't used the disc  yet; hence, 3 star rating.  When I do use it  I will return and review it.
This will take the stress out of driving in commute traffic.The first meditation is good until the end; the background flute musicbecomes dissonant and horribly screechy. Why that was done is a mystery to me.Maybe the thought was that they did not want the listener to fall asleep.The remaining meditations and background music was fine.That's why I rated it a 3 star.
Corny but funny. Brother JD talk-rap-sings his way over a plucky guitar beat to tell an amusing tale of guns and Christmas cheer.
I loved the the original source material (Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog) and I am a big fan of of the creative team behind this work but Commentary left something to be desired.  Some of the songs are hilarious and/or insightful and others are neither.
Pros:  I love Arj's goofy misdirection jokes, his ability to use pitch/tone to make a joke more funny, and his hilarious stories like the bathroom army.Cons: Its funny in chunks, and just plain boring in others.  His attraction to all things texting is not funny with the exception of the new fonts joke.Overall: Arj is a solid comedian with mostly good material, I would love to see him live.
I have to admit that I was struggling with this one. I could feel myself brewing up to a full-scale slagging off, so I thought I'd better check with one of my good friends first. After all he has been to see Destroy Nate Allen perform six times, so there must be something in their favour.Destroy Nate Allen is a husband and wife folk punk duo from Portland, Oregon. Nate and Tessa Allen are relentlessly optimistic and perform great interactive live shows. The problem is that this doesn't always translate well onto an album.The first ten tracks are performed as a duo with Nate on guitar & lead vocals and Tessa on tambourine & vocals. `Anchors Away' features the chorus "You see I'm leaving, I'm leaving the sunny side of town / So I can pick you up whenever you fall down." Then they tell their individual stories about looking for a partner and their different expectations in `Turns Out You're Perfect For Me'.Apparently one morning Tessa made a terrible batch of pancakes and wrote the hilarious `Recipe' song which is now a live favourite.  Unfortunately in `Loving You' the vocals grate on my nerves, especially when Nate uses his quavery vocal effect. `White Flag' is where the punk roots show through and how surrender can lead to action. Also `Despite It All' is how people can disagree, but still remain friends.The latter ten tracks were written by Nate in a couple of days, recorded in his apartment and thrown in. If you ignore the DIY production, there are some great lyrics in here. In `Suffer' it talks about suffering the consequences of our actions. Finishing with `Pardon Song' which has "But in the end it doesn't matter / In the end we are just fools / if we haven't made a lot of friends and broken a few rules".If I was going to use an analogy here, Perfect Recipe is like your mom's cooking; don't expect it turn out like a Gordon Ramsay! However it has been lovingly prepared for you.
This is a fantastic set of songs and those I give five stars, but the sound on this is not so fantastic. I'm not an audiophile by any means, but there are numerous clicks and pops throughout the recording. I guess it's better than nothing.
As the magna opera of Fiedrich Nietzsche I think that I should give it a try in german. I would like to in what edition is based, and if it's academical-aproved. I doesn't has an introduction that explain those questions -that remains for paid for versions, I think.Due to the difficulties of the text and my yet-to-improve german, I haven't go long through it. But the possibility of using the kindle's bundled dictionary made it faster to get the meaning of the harder paragraphs.
I downloaded this album before taking a long car trip with my two sons (ages five and two). The stories on this album are not narrated, but are spoken in parts (like a play). While listening, I felt like I was listening to the TV without being able to see the screen. It was sometimes hard for me to interpret what exactly was going on and which character was talking--though the actors were talented. I think if the stories had just a bit more connective narration, they would be great. As it is, my children lost interest quickly. We also downloaded a different children's story album (Tell Me a Story by Jim Weiss) and my children and I loved that one.
Carl is a phenomenal comic; however, his talent is lost in an audio format.  He is a great performer who truly acts out his routines which doesn't translate into an audio format.  Check out some of his routines on youtube like 'Faking it in Church' and you'll get a glimpse of Carl in all of his glory.
I love this type of Honest Rock Groove! The fact that kids are doing this is inspiring. You can always listen to it to brighten up even the crappiest of days.......He was Death Bunny, Death Bunny!....HHhhahhHHhahhHHHahah!.
I bought this on the strength of Totally Biased, which is a funny show.  The jokes were jus OK. The audience were obviously big fans which precipitated their laughter. If je read the phone book, they would have laughed uproariously. It doesn't stand out and there are no real &#34;signature jokes&#34; or quotables to be had from this album.
Most of the jokes on here I've already seen from him online (comedy central, various late/tonight shows, etc). I think Myq is hilarious which is why I bought the album, but you can hear (better yet, see!) most of the jokes for free (I'll guesstimate about 90% of them). In the end, I would not recommend it, nor am I glad I made the purchase. Sorry Myq, get some new material!On the other hand, if you don't like browsing comedy videos online but you do love audio albums, then I would highly recommend it.
it would have been better as a continuous download rather than broken up into separate tracks that nobody would care to differentiate anyway . The music is very effective though. I just joined all the tracks together to eliminate the disruptive pauses between tracks and like it much more that way.
Loved everything and falling asleep until at the very end when there was a man's voice advertising a website! Very annoying.
This Ocean and Sea Wave cd its okay until you get to end of it and all you hear is a loud voice advertising the company who made it and how you can go to their website for some more nature sound cds. After a great relaxation I immediatly got so tense. I wasnt expecting it to end this way. Incredable!
I purchased this MP3 set to have some schedule to run by. I am not currently training for a half-marathon. The program is certainly not for beginners. The longest I run is 7 miles, and this program recommends that you be able to run 6 miles in order to complete it. It's only 3 days/week, which might not be enough for some runners. I've been running for a little over a year, and I find that the schedule moves too fast. It does not follow the "10% rule" given by most running books (increase your mileage/time only by 10% per week). Instead, the long run moves in increments of 20 minutes - so week 3 is an 80 minute run for the long day. The schedule is freely available on the program's website as a PDF (). I am neither a trainer nor a great runner; I simply like to run for the exercise, and this program seems a bit too ambitious for me. Also, the techno music can get annoying and I often run the program without my headphones on (which might raise the question of why spend $9 when you can follow the program on your own with a stopwatch). You might be wiser just to google "half marathon training schedule" and follow a reliable source, like Hal Higdon.
how can I get the actual physical album not just an mp3 download I mean sheeiiit son just want the album mang
I thought that I was buying a video but it turned out to be only audio.  My fault, but I was disappointed.
While I like to hear to music that keeps me active in the gym, I find it polluting to listen to sexual or slang songs with really crappy lyrics....Next time I will audit the whole song list before buying....
I downloaded a couple walking CD's so I could have the regulated beat while I'm walking...128-130 is perfect for my stride...I wish the music flowed together without a break between songs, but I still enjoy it.
its ok, I do enjoy the music but I wish it was a lot faster.  I'm running..not jogging and I need the beats to be quicker.
I am very glad someone collected these songs.  Some are difficult to find otherwise.  It's too bad some of the performances are sort of like karaoke by reasonable amateurs.  The result is I will only keep it for the record of the songs and won't actually listen more than once.
Her rap on this one is non stop and a bit tiring. Not as funny as some of her other work. I would pass on this one.
As most of you know, who read my reviews of music, I collect music for background sounds while I am working. I like to have instrumental music or white noise going on while I work or study. This album was inexpensive and provided a lot of nice white noise. Nothing great, but nice. It was worth the money - which was &#60; $2
Its okay  I have others that are more soothing that I can actually get to sleep by.  I'd recommend them first.
some of the sounds in this one are a little too loud, and wake me up if i try to use this one for sleep.  So, best save this one for meditation and not sleeping.
unlike others I have heard, her voice seemed strained, not so much soaking as it is commanding, kinda misunderstood what it was intended for, and believe it works well for that ,but  just not what I was expecting.
Margaret Cho is a genius in my book, and an album by her was an anticipated first.  I have to say I am disappointed. A stellar guest list of other talented people did not prevent her from choosing shock over available talent. I am no prude...I found Eat S#@t and Die, clever. I also liked My Puss, but after you heard the forced jokes once, they do not hold up twice. "I'M Sorry", is a great example of the possibility of a great album. It has a universal emotional quality, irony, and truth that a poo poo joke can not compete or equal. Except for "I'm Sorry", it is a one shot comedy album not worthy of the genre of music.
For  generic audio hypnosis program, it was okay.  Generic presentations are far lacking from the actual experiences received from a real hypnotist.
Ghoulia Rossi's latest offering feels like catching a soon-to-be-huge indie band a few years before they make it big. This unrecognized dynamic explains why her album slipped under new release Tuesday's radar. Her jokes are funny. She has a point of view. Her material needs some development and sometimes the set-up is better than the punchline, but you can hear the potential. She has a good looking voice; it's strong and has a perspective to share. She is smart too, which is important to me. If a comic is not dropping jokes that make me laugh deeply, then they need to be intelligent. I'd recommend Guilia Rozzi to fans of Jen Kirkman, Tig Notaro, Laurie Kilmartin, Todd Barry, Cameron Esposito and Paul F Tomkins. Also, she is a writer and you can find her columns and features on her website.
Song is good, but not what I remembered.  Guess after a while it will replace that memory?  We will see
I was expecting something a little more mystical, but this cd is too simplistic and some of the background sounds are instrusive rather than relaxing. The best point is the narrator's lovely voice.
PLAYED THIS DISK AND IT GETS YOU TO THE POINT OF ALMOST DOZING OFF WHEN THERE IS THIS LOUD HOOT (OWL), WHICH CAUSES YOU TO WAKE RIGHT UP.  THIS HAPPENS SEVERAL TIMES DURING THE PLAYING OF THE DISK.WHO EVER PRODUCED THIS DISK, MUST HAVE THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD JOKE!!!!  WHAT WAS HE NUTS.  HE SHOULD HAVE BLANKED THAT OUT, IF A REAL OWL HOOTED DURING THE RECORDING.  IT WAS SUPPOSE TO RELAX YOU????RICHARD L. SHOCKLEY
My birds want to listen to the whistling and there are very long paused between the songs. They are well done, however, useless as &#34;music&#34; for my babies.
These are very cool radio programs, but some of the shows are such bad quality (audio quality) that I can't hear them and had to delete them.  Some shows are hearable, though, and very enjoyable.
Great swamp cricket sound with friendly bugs. Consistant volume. My favorite album.... but....... NO BURN RIGHTS.  It won't copy CD.....too bad
The crickets sound like they are electronically produced. They don't sound as peaceful as the ones you would hear in a forest.
Was hoping for a little deep &#34;croak croak&#34;.  Instead it was like listening to a cricket caught under your bed at night.  Not condusive to sleep and relaxation.  Too bad, but most of the nature sounds from Joe Baker are great, especially rain/thunderstorms.
I like the songs on this album for the most part. However, 4X13 is definitely not 54, and the point of buying the album was to help my children learn their multiplication tables. Please fix that track!
Not the best rock Christmas compilation, but not bad. I used it at an office Christmas party and it was a hit.
I liked the message and the presentationThey have great harmonies. It very well done with a quality sound.A timely  message for Christmas.
There are three very funny, brilliant and memorable jokes on here. The trouble is, he isn't convincing me he's really like this. For one-liners, Rodney Dangerfield could actually kill an audience during a whole set, without bringing it to your attention, and you never knew where he was going. The trouble with AJ's persona, is that the jokes get very predictable. After listening for 10 minutes, you realize that all of his jokes are going to be like this. I noticed another reviewer mentioned that you need to think to get these jokes, which is funny, because I thought of the punchlines a fair percentage of the time before he even said them. And who is the clown who produced this? They included an audience interaction that clearly requires visualization and makes no sense to the listener. And that just sucks b/c it wastes my time and bandwidth. Has some really funny moments, but...not enough for a whole cd.
Mr Jack Kornfield is a true master and does not fail to deliver once again. However, the reason for the 3 star rating versus 5 is because of how the content is delivered. This is a 3disc set and there are only 3 total tracks? Each cd is an hour long and is not broken apart into individual tracks. 5 stars for the content and 1 star to the person who decided to bring back the cassette tape functionality.I did download a free MP3 software studio that allowed me to separate the tracks but it was a pain in the butt.
This was good audio. I only rated it lower because I prefer more of the mystery shows, although the quiz kids reunion show was interesting.
Well, they probably won't end up in my holiday shuffle, but they're strangely amusing nonetheless.  It's something different, unique, why not?
CD-G files to go with the MP3s would be nice...make it a legitimate karaoke album.Mind you, I like having the instrumental tracks, and the price is superlative.I would pay to get CD-Gs to go with this.
Honestly, I bought this specifically for the songs from the movie Yogi's First Christmas. The other songs are just filler, are not done by any of the Hanna-Barbera voice cast and are not nice to listen to.
I'm giving this three stars as opposed to five because of the audio quality. It's not bad or unlistenable but it becomes very obvious that these MP3 files were sourced from the LP as opposed to the master tape. You can hear the occasional pop or click, and if that doesn't bother you, go for it. The material on this is dated in places, but still very funny. I was only a toddler when the album came out, but I remember Happy New Year, Happy New Year playing on the radio.I had a battered copy of the album for years, and would have gone for this myself, but I recently got a mint copy of the LP and mastered it to digital ( a better version than this if the content holder is interested). If not for that, I would have bought this download. For the price, I think it's a good deal.Whether your memory goes back this far or not, this is a worthwhile listen, and is sure to crack you up at times.To understand about Charlie's (Cliff Arquette) mythical home town of Mt. Idy (whose main industries seem to be cumquats and petty theft) and his 'Letters from Mama' take a quick run to Wikipedia and get the background story.Most people remember Charlie Weaver from The Hollywood Squares, but those of us old enough to remember, got familiar with him on The Jack Paar Show, which later became The Tonight Show.If nothing else, it will affirm that America's sense of humor in the late 1950's was fairly advanced.Now, if someone can locate the master or pre-production master tapes, and release it in a higher quality format, I among others would definitely be on board to buy the resulting CD.
This is a fun and eclectic collection of Christmas songs. To have Irish Tenors, Neil Sedaka and Michael McDonald all in one collection of holiday music gives you a chance to experience different styles yet all in the same theme genre. All great performers.
Christmas music is a highly subjective matter.  I discovered I had 18 versions of Silent Night on my iPod which is interesting because it is MY least favorite Xmas Carol!  Even so, some of those renderings are beautiful and I may play them at least once.The songs on this free sampler are about as traditional as you can get.  We are missing Silent Night, and O Come All Ye Faithful, but otherwise this selection is straight from Central Casting. The only suggestion of more recent contributions to the canon of Xmas music is the Michael McDonald version of an ancient Advent hymn and an African-American Xmas song.Otherwise, you are getting standard fare.  No frills, no surprises, inoffensive.  Can I do my Xmas baking with this on? Yes!!  Do I love the Irish Tenors and Neil Sedaka?  Well, no actually.  But I probably won't know who is singing and I won't care, because we're moving into the Xmas season, and I'm willing to listen to anyone sing these songs in the spirit of the season.Especially if its free.
I downloaded this album for free. My expectations, based on the samples, were low. Thankfully my expectations were met and, as expected, the tracks really aren't much better than their samples would lead one to believe.The first two tracks are probably the only tracks I found any value in. And those two tracks I will probably never listen to again.Several of the tracks included are in the public domain, so if you have seen people charging for them, they shouldn't be.Listen to the samples. If you enjoy the samples, then download this album for free. You won't regret it.I, however, did not really enjoy the music included here and will most likely delete the files from my PC. I just couldn't resist "FREE" even though I didn't really enjoy the samples. Guess that teaches me a lesson.If you're looking for a darn good collection of classical Christmas music, might I recommend instead you head over to theThe 99 Most Essential Christmas Masterpieces (Amazon Exclusive). That set is $1.99 right now (Nov 16, 2010) and while not all the tracks on that one are great, at the price the ones you DO receive that are great are definitely worth it.
After seeing some Lord Buckley on Youtube, I wanted to hear some more of his work, and this seemed like a low-risk way to experiment.  I don't regret the purchase at this price, but I'm not particularly thrilled.  This is more like comedy monologues that like his jive-talking "hip" persona, though he does use some of his special linguistic style, especially in The Naz.  I wanted to like this, but didn't find the recordings that entertaining to listen to.In the beginning of track one, sound quality is a bit scratchy like an old LP, but it improves, and the second track is fine.  Worth the small cost, especially for a Lord Buckley fan who is a completist, but not worth much more than that.  There is nothing here that will rock your world.
I was happy to find that I could buy this item in CD form. I originally had it in cassette. I'm glad I have it but it does have a flaw. It  skips in one of the songs. Dont know if sending it back would have gotten me a better copy.
This CD is a soothing, meditative prayer that is repeated at intervals by a man with a hypnotic voice and nice relaxing music. However, I would not call it true lectio Divina which usually is even more simplified- a single word like love or short phrase- such as "GOd is LOve" repeated slowly in a breathing type pattern- until one forgets about one's natural surroundings. The problem with this is that the prayer for forgiveness and to forgive- which is a great way to start the meditation and prepare for Lectio Divina should then be dropped for a simpler phrase- in order to be transcended from this world we have to forgive and then forget about the hurts- not be reminded every 10 minutes.
When I saw the title and artwork of the new Killers Christmas single, I somehow expected something much different...I actually expected something rather cheery about Santa Claus, perhaps with a little Killers humor splashed in there. But the song begins with some sound samples from It's A Wonderful Life over a sustained synth chord, and it's actually a little dark and creepy! The song is a melancholy rock ballad layered with synths and plenty of vocal harmonies, but the lyrics don't fully invoke the holidays from beginning to end (just certain lines). And only near the end of the song do we get some clanging Christmas bells. So overall, it just isn't as much a Christmas single as it could be. Still a pretty track though.
I was a bit lost since I don't have a strong vocabulary yet. However, I found the free FSI companion booklets here:[...]
These radio shows are great comedy, showcasing why Durante was so popular. He was one of a kind, and these shows demonstrate why. The quality is quite erratic, though, with some shows clear but others quite difficult to make out. I put each one through a basic sound editor to enhance whatever I was able to and that helped a lot.Be aware that 3 shows are without Durante entirely, as well as one being a Fred Allen show! Not only that, but shows #17 & #18 with Don Ameche are duplicates! (#17 is much better audio quality for some reason. So...a quite shoddy mishmash redeemed by the Jimmy Durante shows that are mostly audible.
this song is okay... not the best but you have to be in the mood to listen to it but HEY! ITS FREE
In light of all the Christmas recordings we have today with huge orchestrations and the hype of big arrangements, this album is really quite simple. I bought it mainly because Georgio Tozzi is one of my favorite basses, and Rosalind Elias is another great singer. Though Tozzi obviously excelled in opera, he did almost as well in other areas. His "South Pacific" is wonderful, especially when singing "This Nearly Was Mine." There is the passion and heartbreak that other singers do not display. There is nothing special about this Christmas recording. I like Tozzi so I like the album.
Not your average Christmas songs which is super refreshing but it's got a dismal sound. The cover art caught my eye
Not an over the top production, but nothing to really sneeze at either. I'm a Christmas music fanatic and this was a good add to my collection.
This track can best be described as a vocal focused track with some simple sounding guitar chords playing in the background in the opening.At about the 1:30 mark they fire up with some drum selections along with the guitar, but over all it feels really simple. Much better than I could ever play, for sure, but simple.This track isn't horrible, but isn't anything amazing either. Worth the price for a few listens, but not enough to make me want to buy a full album's worth, which is likely the purpose of a sampler, right?
Napoleon Hill's think and grow rich is the basis for all the new positive thinking and motivational  speakers cd's etc.  It is  the original.  However, this reader does not deliver  as well as Earl nightingale's recordings  do.  This  is milk toast  in comparison, Earl nightingale's  readings  have inflection, pauses,  things to focus on,  repeats of important info. etc.  this is such important information,  that  it should be heard in the best way possible,
I have been a Rex Stout fan for a long time.  These stories are OK but not up to the level of Stout.  The acting is mixed.  Gerald Moore as Archie is great.  Sidney Greenstreet is well pass his prime by this time.  Still, late at night, with the lights out, these are wonderful classic radio mysteries.
Almost 25 years ago, I did a crash course in Russian, over a period of three weeks or so, in order to learn enough of the language to get by on a two-week tourist trip to what was then the Soviet Union. Like most knowledge and skills acquired rapidly and utilised intensively for a short period and then not practised or refreshed on a regular basis, those rudiments of the language that I had managed to acquire were lost just as quickly afterwards.  I was intrigued, therefore, to see how much this 2-CD audio book, "Easy Russian for English Speakers", was able to refresh or, indeed, teach me anew.The first volume, "Easy Russian for English Speakers: Results Focused Audio Training; Learn to Meet, Greet, Do Business in Russian; Make Friends, Dates and Discover Mysterious Russian Soul", I found to be very heavy going. The disc is essentially a 55-minute audio phrase book, in which useful Russian phrases ("Hello", "What is your name?", "Which way to the railway station?", "Which floor am I on?", "What time is the meeting?", etc) are grouped by family, introduced in turn, repeated several times before eventually one or two of them are demonstrated in use in conversational fragments as a sort of summary conclusion to each section. To be honest, I found this disc to be of limited use: while I did indeed rapidly re-assimilate those phrases which I recognised from previous knowledge, some unfamiliar ones proved too complicated for me to grasp, largely owing to their delivery being rather too fast to catch and remember in detail. The pace of the disc is altogether break-neck and requires you to be very handy with pause and rewind buttons if you want to go over anything again, or take the time to try out the phrases for yourself after hearing them. I think the disc is probably most use if it is taken on, say, a business trip to Russia, preferably having been transfer to iPod or similar player, to provide a set of easily accessed reference phrases for review whilst already immersed in the real language environment.The second volume in the set thankfully offers much more meat to the serious student of the language. Although it proceeds at just the same breakneck pace as the first volume, it is less seemingly arbitrary in what it covers and presents several ways of looking at Russian from a perspective of rapid assimilation and learning that could really work well if applied alongside additional language tuition and practice. Unlike the first disc, which merely presents a roughly grouped collection of potentially useful phrases, the second offers a number of jumping off points into other deeper modes of study, with additional resources also being available via the publisher's web sites.No language course on CD alone could ever hope to provide more than a rudimentary introduction to a foreign language; to its credit, this CD set does not pretend to be all that you will need to become even half-way competent in speaking Russian. If there is anything misleading about the set, it is mostly the suggestion in the title that the material here is easy -- by and large, it is not; it simply doesn't get into complex and involved linguistic issues, or try to teach any hard grammatical rules!  As a self-directed study add-on to more structured tuition, or even as a spring-board for informal and casual study of Russian language and literature, the disc-set undoubtedly offers many more hours of value than its 2 hours running time would suggest. And as a way of immersing yourself in a lot of spoken Russian phrases, it is probably hard to beat.
In this live recording, the speaker asks his audience to ponder or consider what they most not know about.  He believes that this can point a person to the location of their true self.  He believes that the soul hides in the splits we make, for example, in between any kinds of dichotomous ways of thinking which often occur under stress ("I'm Ok, they're not Ok", right and wrong, "us vs them", etc).A popular image of the soul can be seen by looking up at all of the stars in the sky and imagining that something like this is within.  With this perspective, viewing the soul as something physical or mechanical that can be influenced with chemicals may end up being acts of spiritual bypassing.If a person is feeling blue, the speaker asks, "Which feels better - to say that you are blue or to say that you've received a guest from Saturn?"The speaker recommends to the audience that they read what Plato had to say about therapy or "therapeia" which was defined as serving one's inner life.  One image is to imagine monks taking care of an ancient temple.  He also suggests considering the possibility that everyone has their own "daemon" (no relation to demon).  Apparently each person has a unique "daemon" or creative self underneath their personality style and patterns.  Famous singers or artists are not the only ones with a daemon.The speaker emphasizes how limiting it is to use language when discussing this topic.  At best, language can be used to describe images, metaphors, poems, dream interpretations, etc to only get a glimpse of this beautiful mystery.Focussing more on where the soul is headed than on what happened to it in the past is encouraged because the story of our childhood can sometimes be used as a way of avoiding one's true self.I thnk the earlier works of Clarissa Pinkola Estes would be a good follow up to this talk.
This material is pre Howard Stern days for Jackie. Im partial to his famous bits and the effort on this album shows the range his humour has. If you have a collection of his work started, this would be a good addition.
This contains good information, although, some of it is common sense.  You definitely want to see a licensed acupuncturist, or someone interning under a licensed acupuncturist.  This MP3 album contains practical information for someone beginning their journey, as the title suggests.This is also on iTunes, Amazon is cheaper.  Also, I would recommend reading a book.  For $7.99, 18 minutes just doesn't seem like the best investment choice.
Heard it all in the other set of CDs that I purchased.  This is a re-do.  I made good use of it and gave it away
I really like Susan J. Tweit's work.  She writes an inspirational blog and is currently working on a new book.  So I was excited to download and listen to this CD.  I guess I was expecting something a little less technical, but the selections from her former podcast are enjoyable none the less.
Michelle's "Any Other Time" is a narrative erotic novella. Told in the voice of the main female character, readers are introduced to a women fed up with the same routine with her current boyfriend and seeks out an erotic adventure with a total stranger. As the story unfolds readers are introduced to the woman's scandalous sister and a mystery that still has me wondering what in the world just happened.I was able to listen to this CD in my car in about 30 minutes. The sex scenes were descriptive and steamy but the underlying plot of murder left me a little confused. Although the ending may have been written as to have a part two, there could have been a little more clarification to leave the listener satisfied. A little more insight into the murder and deception would have made this a 4-star listen.
You get the Japanese words read by a female voice and then the English meaning(s) spoken directly afterwards.I don't (personally) see the music backing helping in any way. In fact, it was quite distracting as the pace of the music had no relation to the pacing of the speakers.
Comment:Some nice selections, however, some of the selections are a little too new-a-gee!  Meaning, it is hard to pick out any melody on some of the selections.Don
It's ok, buy I wouldn't have bought if I had heard it all the way through. Not &#34;ambient&#34; enough for my taste.
A decent selection of laughs and applause but not as good as volume 1. With careful usage, overlapping and editing these offer a OK variety of laughs. Better than some SFX collections that cost 25x more. The BIG question is are they royalty free? The risk is very low for low budget productions and hobby projects but if you create something that ends up generating some real revenue the copyright owners could file an action if these are not specifically royalty free. Amazon needs to research this and specify in the description of ANY EFX collections they sell whether they are royalty free. This is to their benefit as well in that they could be dragged into court over this, worst case. Remember that unscrupulous copyright owners might want to be nebulous on this point so as to set up producers for legal actions.
I love Sivananda Yoga but not so much in Dutch...would love to see an English version of this series. I love the yoga, I love the meditation, and find his voice very relaxing.
I like this song, but it sounds like the same basic music/sound effects that is looped every 8-10ish minutes (maybe even less) to make it 1 hour and 18 minutes long total. Still a decent background song for Halloween.
not bad I wanted something that sounded like people having sex. This almost did it. The voice actors sounded stiff ( no pun intended ) and unreal.
The musicianship on this is excellent. The work with synth's is very professional. Perhaps I am prone to lean towards her cd with meditation with Ed Rosenberg which I put extremely high on any scale, especially for the genre they chose.She is however an excellent player and composer, just thought the cd wasn't as moving as her other.
I was happy to hear this fun packed song.. Kids would like it.. Great play on the original. And the price was  right.
I purchased this CD for my daughter who is in third grade. The songs are catchy and entertaining. My only issue is that the song is really fast, so it can be difficult to keep up with saying the math facts even if you know the facts.
Amy schumer is very funny person but I'm just not into this album.  The material is a little too sexual for my taste, but I'm not knocking Amy because her delivery is spot on.
I may have expected too much. I so enjoy her T.V. show and concerts. I think she will continue to develop with the right projects.
Andy has some clever material throughout this album, such as the shower head bit. Sadly, he also has a lot of the boring, juvenile stuff so many young comics resort to, such as fart and poop jokes.  This keeps him well below the level of a John Mulaney or Hannibal Burress.
Great hearing Jeff's voice for motivation, just wish the music wasn't so techno/synthetic sounding.  Wish it would've used "real" songs.  Otherwise, it's o.k.
This song is pretty awesome. The Rebecca Black song is funny too (and annoying), but this takes the cake. Sounds just like Bob Dylan, but is not. I play this like every Friday and it makes me laugh and feel good every time. My boss and I at work love this song. It's a constant office joke. Get this version it's better!
I get review copies from many different sources: from publishers, authors, musicians, and PR people who want reviews a day after they give me a copy of whatever it is...and sometime the artists themselves. Some of these productions are good, some are bad..and some fall in the middle. This is one that falls in the middleAs a reviewer of films, DVDs or CDs, I do listen (or watch) the production first as regular person. When I say regular person, I put myself in my mind set of "would I get this product" when I hear or watch it. My eyes and ears are critical...because I want to get the best that is out thereNow to the band My Own Dawn and their "Defying The Penultimatum". The whole CD seem like semi rock-a-billy muzak. It works as an interesting musical experiment that needs some work. It is better than the old college try, but not up to today's musical standards.The Band seems musically like a house band. I like the original music. I think they may want to, for their next album, cover another band's tunes in their musical styleThe problem with this production is you want to hear the words to some of these songs. It would make for a better CD. The instruments overshadow the lyrics in most of the tracks. Some of the music cuts seem to have some great lyrical poetry. I wish I had a booklet in this CD with lyrics printed out. Some of this album sounds a lot like like an early Elton John album "Captain Fantastic and The Brown Dirt Cowboy"...another attempt that almost worked in my opinion.The songs on the CD blend nicely one into another with a few hard, edgier tunes. Fast tracks into the slower musical cuts makes for easier listening. However, most of the music over basses itself in many tunes in the mix, making the many of the songs vocals (the words) seem tinny...almost as if they were wanting to play this CD as a club set played live... Which would be great for their next CD.The mix by Scott Murdock is muddled, musically, at best, as the instruments seem closer to the microphones than the singers are. It is an interesting musical experiment that almost works, in the surreal sounds that the music presents itself.I found amazing such musical tracks as Wholesale (track two), Road (track Six), Die young {as late as possible} (track ten) and Mercury/Opus (track 13).  As said before, the instrumental music does overshadow the words. Some of the words did shine through, and I enjoyed what I did hear. I wish I could view the lyrics of these songs, from what I could hear is sounded great.It is a sample first endeavor of this new band. I do not assume many of these musical compositions will get radio air play. This is the kind of album you can just start playing and enjoy as background as you kick back at the end of the day.Bennet PomerantzAUDIOWORLD
I first heard some of the tracks on this CD on Pandora's PG comedy station. I was looking for comedians who kept it relatively clean for the family's enjoyment. The first few tracks on this CD are very funny and clean. But after that it goes downhill fast. Bailey resorts to increasingly foul language to hide the fact that the material is not funny enough to stand on its own. I regret buying the whole thing. Wish I had only purchased the tracks I heard. Next time I will listen to the whole thing on Spotify first...
I absolutely loved watching Tom Cotter on America's Got Talent and couldn't wait to listen to this album. Unfortunately I don't think what does well as a 90-second piece on tv translates well into a full-length CD. While Tom Cotter is definitely funny and talented, he tells all of his jokes pretty much the same way with the same word play, and it gets to be a bit much after a while. I was really looking forward to this album, and I was disappointed. :(
All the artists on this album obviously have a great deal of respect for Al and his music. Their enthusiasm is clear on the first listen. But, only a little more than half of the tracks really "hit" for me the other 49% are skippable. Given that there are 21 tracks, that still means you have 11 or 12 good songs, so I'd definitely recommend this purchase for Al Fans. The weakest songs are, unfortunately, the original tributes and new parodies. But the new versions of CNR, This Is The Life and You Make Me are really cool.
Some of this is imaginative and very funny, but much is just outlandish. It helps a lot to be under 30 and to have a slightly warped sense of humor.
It's OK.  Too &#34;electronic&#34; for me though.  I prefer something that flows a bit nicer.
I was not really impressed by this CD, as I would have liked the song "Skin" and the one about"King Louis", also "I hate the Beatles", which I can listen to on U-Tube
Delivery and purchase absolutely fine.....Sound quality on CD very poor indeed.....It really is bad.....Only good as an introduction to Allan Sherman
This comedy album follows suit with the man's other comedic work, but the routine loses a good deal of humor in the transfer to audio.  Many of his key points are conveyed in physical/visual enactments.  Facial expressions, landing poses, and examination stances are lost in the crossover.  The album is still very funny if, and well worth a listen, but a video recording of the routine would yield much funnier results for certain.
Good to relax with but doesn't seem to help with weight loss, primary reason it was purchased. May need to order something else to go with this CD. Don't really think it is the CD, per say, but maybe a combination of CD and the individual.
Brings some laughs...he has better...I enjoyed it, and have listened to it several times but it will not hit my top album list
I bought this album for the routine about Private Jenkins. It was worth the price just for that track. Lots of fun!
I like the hour long music but Leslie Sansone's Walk Live has a much faster beat to walk fast to.  I still go back to Leslie's music when I want a good 4.5 mile an hour walk!
I teach step aerobics, and I wanted to try some new music. This was OK. Not my favorite, but I'll use it again.
The songs are ok, but a little too same-ish. Maybe I'll try a different album next time. First attempt to download entire album.
As great as it is to hear Boris Karloff narrate ANYTHING, especially something so timeless and creepy as Washington Irving's classic yarn, this album is just plain disappointing. Unlike Bing Crosby's masterful interpretation of the tale - combined with the catchy, memorable songs and masterful underscore - for Disney's animated feature, this re-telling presents a very unusual interpretation of the story by turning Ichabod into a grumpy, plotting anti-hero. And if the unusual angle of the story weren't enough, the terribly dated, amateurishly written and performed cowboy-esque songs do little to advance the story (especially the abysmal "party" hoedown song, ugh!!) make this program barely listenable. However, the well-known finale of the story is perfectly delivered by Mr. Karloff, with nice sound effects to accompany. (Note: I base my review of this product solely on "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow", and not the recording of Rip Van Winkle.)
A product like this can work immediately for review.  Considering what it is supposed to do, it might take a while..
I like the film version better....but it is still worth every penny. Cant beat the old ones. Great preformers, fun play
I rented this CD from my public library.  Overall the sounds are fine, but when the artist tries to combine the sounds, some of the combinations sound a bit repetitive and corny.  Overall, I did like the CD, and for the price on Amazon, it's a pretty good deal.
Although the music was fine, it didn't meet my need without the lyrics and chords. My fault for not understanding what it included.
Elaine and Mike didn't seem as funny as they used to be. I actually found some routines a bit creepy. Clearly I'he changed,  not these two.
I listen to this CD all year long. I don't like some of the shows, but the ones I do like (Ozzie and Harriet, Jack Benny) are wonderful. Perfect to listen to as you carve those pumpkins or with the family in the dark. Thank you for putting out this CD!
Pale blue Jak is OK, but Neil Byrne's voice is weak by itself, compared to what I have heard him sing on the Celtic Thunder CDs.
i'm sry i love Neil very much but i would not pay 30 bucks for a cd :O i will buy it when the price comes down
I was very disappointed with this album by Neil who I greatly admire as a performer of Celti Thunder.  He sings better with the group and the songs are more suited to his voice.
I think this is an excellent historical tour of Ybor City.  Narrated by Tampa's poet laureate, James Tokely, it features several fine voice actors portraying figures from the past.  However, I believe it should not be called a Ghost Walk.  There are no ghost stories.  The only connection to &#34;ghosts&#34; is that the actors are speaking as if they were the actual person.  I enjoyed the tour, because I enjoy history, but anyone looking for ghosts is gong to disappointed.
bought this for my Halloween partythe music was interestingbut it wasn't that creepyI probably would not buy again unless it's cheaper
This will be used as the errie music in my haunted house and on one of my halloween props.  It will nicely serve the purpose.
I use it as &#34;white sound&#34; -- pleasant but I recognize just a few Latin words.  Buy it for background.
Played it throughout the holidays as background music. It was very soothing.PROS: Price (free), variety of musicCONS: none noted
Would have preferred to buy just one or two tracks on this album instead of the whole album. I suppose it might be useful when I am in meditation or prayer to play this.
Not so great. I expected more from Cyndi. I was disappointed in the song but couldn't exactly put my finger on why. Maybe she just can't compare to Elvis.
I did not like the music for the reason it is sold but I do find it relaxing and I use it to assist in sleeping.  The natural sounds are very soothing.
It can have many different usages besides sexual, even can help you relax and go to sleep, as strange as that may sound. I personally enjoy hearing such sounds they do relax me ( don't ask me why Lol), guess thats why i am a man. Try listening to them to relax its not bad.
I have most of the Kingston Trio albums, and have been a fan since the 1960's. I have seen them in concert twice, once in the 1970's and again a few years ago. If you love the original trio with Dave Guard or the combination of Nick, Bob, and John you may be somewhat disappointed in this album. I loved a couple of the songs like Grandma's Feather Bed and the bluegrass number Going Up Cripple Creek, but too many of them were more country music style than folk music. If you like folk and country, then purchase this album. If you are lukewarm on country style then there are probably only a couple of cuts that you will really like.
I've seen every Pablo DVD and seen him live.  I don't know whether this particular set doesn't translate very well to non-visual medium, but this is my least favorite of all the albums.  I would say it's just OK.
I've been a fan of Pablo Francisco every since I first heard the "Little Tortilla Boy" bit from "Knee to the Groin" when I was in high school. I've heard "Knee to the Groin", "Bits & Pieces", and "Ouch!" each several times and I find all the them to be great. "Bits & Pieces" is my favorite of all of his material.That being said, I was disappointed by the material on this album. His impressions are still great, and he makes fun of pop culture material that gets a laugh (The Allstate guy, the cast of "Little People, Big World"), but sometimes he continues to repeat a line over and over instead of moving on with the joke that is just feels like he's stalling or is trying to milk one line for additional laughter. I found that to be the most distracting part of the album, and he does it on several occasions.Do yourself a favor and preview the material before you buy it. Most of it is very funny, but I think what is really missing from the album is a smooth transision between bits.
A few of the jokes are clever and original, but more are merely average. Try Gulman, Burress, Johnagin or Mullaney instead.
This was a very confusing series. I am an avid Bob Proctor listener and reader. This X-Y is so confusing especially when you are driving. It makes little sense because you cannot listen to it deeply while you are driving. I never knew what was the X or the Y
It's great that someone is finally releasing the Smothers Brothers' classic Mercury albums. They've been out of print way too long.Unfortunately, the sound quality is hit or miss from one album to the next, and "Think Ethnic" is a definite miss, here and at iTunes. It sounds like a 3rd or 4th generation cassette tape dub, all but devoid of highs, and while that doesn't hurt the material (I doubt anything can) it gives the impression that those responsible thought the albums worthless right up to the point of pricing them. They also got the channels reversed, placing Tom on the right channel. Dick is deaf in his left ear, so Tom always played to Dick's right, which should put him in the left channel.What a shame. I hope someone gets a clue and re-masters these albums properly. The Smothers Brothers deserve much better than what we have here.
Rachel has some funny bits, but the majority of this album was kind of blah and a little on the disturbing side.The bit about her dad's &#34;jingers&#34; and her grandma was very funny!
I loved Spin Coach with Master spin trainer Greg Cook so I figured this one was going to be just as good if not better, um no. I think the music is not upbeat enough for my taste and she doesn't conduct the training session as intense.  This would be good for beginners, I spin several times a week, and ride as often as my schedule allows.  The price and delivery is perfect.
It was definitely worth the price. Sampling prior to purchase was helpful. Don't consider it a &#34;must have&#34;, but then again, I have lots of those in my repertoire.
I am certain this recording began life as a series of free Librivox recordings. Librivox recordings are produced by volunteers and all recordings are free to be downloaded from their website. HOWEVER: this recording includes the entire unabridged novel delivered directly to your cloud without the need of extracting zip files. It also omits the Librivox announcements that are read at both the beginning and end of each chapter. Is it fair? Probably not. But it's convenient, acceptable listening, and affordable.
I bought this album because I love the original album by Lower Lights--&#34;A Hymn Revival&#34;.  That album brought some of my favorite hymns down to a more enjoyable level.  &#34;Come Let Us Adore Him&#34; does the same thing with familiar Christmas songs, but, in my opinion, carries it a little too far.  The songs have an airy, country/folksy/bluegrass flavor that I found very enjoyable on some tracks; a little too much on others.
This album is very entertaining. Beware, it has profanity and the lyrics can be offensive. I recommend this album for young adults. I rated it 3 stars, because I only like 2 songs on the album that I rarely listen to even during the Christmas season.
The songs on this album have great sound.My only problem is that by definition, acapella means without musical instruments and some of the offerings have music in the background.Next time, I will pick individual songs.
Some nice renditions of classics, but I was a little annoyed by &#34;The 12 Days of Christmas&#34;, which is too long, repetitive and boring.  I can't imagine playing it, let alone singing it...  The first track is a good one, and as for constructive comments, I would say, more verses could have been played on some of the others which seemed too short.
This song is hilarious, witty and while not one of my favorite sounds is still a nice addition to party mixes and a great laugh on long car rides between conventions.
I didn't realize this was sermons. I was looking for motivational items. Eric is one of the best motivational and life reality speakers I have heard in a long time.
Yoga GirlDid you know that there is another song called Yoga Girl that was released on SoundCloud and iTunes 6 months ago? To listen do a search on Amazon.com for Yoga Girl or click the Yoga Girl link above.
The one side with the man helping you to relax and be with God is good. It was a waste of money having the second part just music.
This is pleasant background music, but you get no information on who the artists are who made the music or how long each cut is. But it's still nice to play as dinner music or when you want some background music at a party. If you are interested in the Celtic harp there are other CDs that will give you a lot more information.
First of all, Rich Vos kills on stage. He sells out the toughest clubs in Harlem every night, and doesn't have to deal with the Pavaratti most other celebrities like Carlos Mencina or the Three Stoogers have to deal with.Second of all, this is one of the most professionally done comedy CD's out there, not a paux fas to be found on any track. Recorded in a lonely comedy club in Sknewectidty, NY, Vos brings his popular, no-holds barred style to the comedy stage and has his audience HOWLING with laughter. The best part is that this act is completely brand new, as Vos hates to use old jokes and prefers updating it every year. As Vos says himself "Great minds think a lot!"The new original track list is as follows.1.) Wanna Buy A Dryer Door?2.) I Have 3 Daughters3.) ...I'm Dodgin' Her!4.) I Know The Struggle5.) My Wife Bonnie Hates Me6.) I Used To Smoke CrackAlso, be amongst the first 100 order orders of this CD and be entered to win a trip for two to the Leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy, France!
Listened to the samples, this album gets points for relevance to Christmas and decent bass drops, it's nice that they mixed different songs in inventive ways e.g. the Silent Night mix, but as dub step overall it seems a bit amateur like someone trying to cash in on a trend.  Opening with the Iggy Pop mix probably wasn't the best move.
I love the book, but the mp3 audio version is not 100% clear. It is very tinny sounding with a scratchy fuzz noise around the reader's voice. I can hear all the words OK, but the noise really detracts from the listening experience. I 1st listened to it in my car & wondered what was wrong, then played it on my laptop to check and yes, exact same tinny/scratchy sound. Very disappointing, I expected it to be clear as a bell. Not so.The Dynamic Laws Of Prosperity (Unabridged)update- the scratchiness is only on the first 1 or 2 tracks. After that it seems to be OK. One other issue is, the version of the book that was used has some mistakes in it, which were left in the recorded version.But all in all the book is very inspirational and I am rethinking and adjusting my outlook on my life
Good but not what I was expecting, Some of the songs I couldn't understand the words, just like the original.
I've never really thought Stephanie Miller was funny, but I've listened to her show because of the hilarious banter that inevitably flows between her and her sidekicks/"mooks" and guests.  There is no banter on this album, no discussion whatsoever.  There are three people giving three different stand-up sets that are chopped up and sprinkled over the album.  Hal sparks is quite funny, with several "aha" and laugh-out-loud moments.  John Fugelsang is not the funniest guy in the world, but he is insightful and interesting to listen to.  Stephanie Miller just tries way too hard.  She is manic and unfunny in my opinion.  It is worth noting that only Hal Sparks has any "original" material on this album.  Both John Fugelsang and Stephanie Miller are re-hashing stuff that can be heard (and has been, repeatedly) most any day of the week on the Stephanie Miller radio show.  Not trying to be overly harsh here, but people should know what they are buying.  My advice?  Only download the Hal Sparks tracks, and you will not have missed much.For a frame of reference, some of my favorite comedians working today are Louis CK, Patton Oswalt, and Jim Gaffigan.
Ricky Z's rendition didn't stir me like some of the other versions I have heard. To me it lacked soul.
I can't do a review on this because I never received it.  Since this review came, maybe I placed it somewhere else on my Kindle besides the music.  At any rate,m I never saw it or heard it and, therefore, can't rate it.
I have reviewed this album before, so, to read what I have said, please see my other review. What I do want to say here, is that Amazon seems to have someone doing their downloads who doesn't know the first thing about audio. In this particular album, there are gaps in the audio in at least 2 tracks, which, for me, makes the whole album un-useable. So, yes, I wasted my money on the download. In another Amazon download, the soundtrack music from the TV series M-squad, somebody at Amazon, decided that it would sound better with audio compression added. And so, they added it-I mean they really added it! As I watched the waveform on my oscilloscope, during playback, I could see where even the compressor had &#34;maxed out&#34; and the tips of the waves were &#34;clipped,&#34; resulting in noticeable distortion. Another waste of money. How do I know how the music should sound, you may ask? I HAVE the RCA VICTOR LIVING STEREO LP RECORD, Cat # LSP-2062. In yet one more instance, I downloaded an album of Revolutionary War Songs originally on Folkways records. The 60Hz line hum was deafeningand interfered with the enjoyment of the music. This hum, by the way, is not heard on the original Folkways 10&#34; vinyl, which I also have in my collection. Yes, I do have the technical expertise and the equipment to remove the hum-but I shouldn't have to.Amazon needs to undertake a complete review of the technical issues in preparing music for downloading, and if the personnel doing the preparation do not have the expertise in what should and should not be audible in a sound recording, then those personnel should be replaced with those more familiar with the discipline. At this time I do not recommend that anyone download from Amazon.com.
I liked about half the songs but I knew that when I bought it.  Good beat for jumping on a rebound trampoline.
A bit disappointed because I wanted more upbeat songs to keep a faster pace. Not too bad though. Thank you.
I am a volunteer DJ at a low (VERY LOW) budget radio station and I wanted to provide a little divergence in my radio show format; consequently, I have been adding a few humorous sound bites periodically during my radio show.  I was kind of looking for some historic, humorous TV commercial parodies.  I found some Gary Owens material which is very humorous, while still innocuous/tame; Gary Owens was one of the performers on Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In TV show from the '70s.  Most of the TV commercials in this group are borderline turn-offs:  many have gross endings, somewhat melodramatic.  The audience I have for the radio show would not appreciate most of this material.
Maybe, it's my Luddite inclinations, but I really hate not being able to pause this kind of recording. You can only stop the playing and then have it come back to the very beginning to start the whole thing over again.Having said that, Orson Welles and the Mercury Theater on the Air provide their typical excellence in both the adaptation of the classic Dumas tale of revenge and performance of the adaptation. I just wish, in today's start and stop world, that I didn't have to listen to it straight through in order to enjoy it.I know, I know... #firstworldproblems
To be the first album of Nick Groff is well, when compared with the second that he released "Spiritual War" is very light, in it collaborate Zak, Aaron, The Constantinos (Mark and Debbie), among others known people. Who likes rap may it like, who does not like rap may seem a bit boring, but it's interesting to see his progress, if you're doubting between this and the second, I recommend the last one because is  more brutal and more for people in varied musical tastes. I give it three stars because like Rap album is perfect and has songs that really deserve to be heard.
Elements of Mumfords & Sons and Of Monsters and Men. A little more upbeat and happy sounding. Meaningful lyrics, though sometimes a tad repetitive. The female singer does a great job harmonizing but the male is definitely the more enjoyable sounding out of the two.My favorites of the album:&#34;To the Desert&#34;&#34;Going Home&#34;&#34;Helicopters&#34;Recommended to anyone that is caught up in the contemporary folk/rock wave like I have been, though it won't steal the place of Mumford's and Sons and the likes.
I was a bit disappointed.  I think Donald is extremely talented but I found his stand-up fell a little flat.  Some of his jokes touched on political and social issues, but he seems to have zero political consciousness.  That is not to deny how hysterical some of those bits are.
Based on the reviews, I bought this. He appeared to be coasting on his fame from Commmunity--the audience was hooting before he said anything and I found his routines ok, but no more than that. Hannibal Burress is much more clever; John Mulaney has much better writing skills; etc.  When the grand finale is about kids pooping in Home Depot, you are neither novel nor clever.  He has good delivery skills and acting ability, but his material is not nearly as good.
The CD was ok but not that great.  The sound was not as crisp & clear. We were not able to use for purpose.
would have been nice if the recordings would have been enhanced... the sound quality is not that good which makes it less enjoyable.
Good sounding voice. Nice relaxation... but would have preferred a longer bunch of affirmations instead of several days of shorter ones.
I bought this and another (GOODBYE WORRIES) album.  I wasn't sure if I would prefer male or female voice.  I like Erik Brown's voice A LOT and it is most relaxing.  However, his speech patterns are a little distracting.  It's almost humorous at times and it makes me want to giggle.
Nothing like kicking back, turning off the light, and listening to a great old time radio mystery.  Chandler's Phillip Marlowe is a great &#34;who dunnit&#34;!
It didn't do anything for me or for my boyfriend.  I was hard to hear what she was saying, and we did not recall any past lives whatsoever. :(
Downloaded fast and works just fine.. If you want to use this within the parameters set up then it should be perfect.
The price is right and the music is great. Don't expect the normal song you associate with Halloween just enjoy a listen to songs that your grandparents might have heard on the radio for this holiday.
Though I love this classic series and the narration by Vincent Price the sound quality is very poor to the point of being too muddled to understand at times. Especially frustrating when you're right at the scary point. So if you can tolerate the scratched album sound then by all means, go for itx
I've been a Tom Rhodes fan for quite a long time and he's definitely one of my favorite comedians. Unfortunately, I have to admit, this is easily not among his best work (that would be his amazing "Live In Paris" set). Unless you have a burning need to own all of his discs, I would bypass this one and see him live instead...By the way, don't worry if you've never heard Tom's two previous albums, because Tom recycles an obscene number of material from both works onto this album. And because this double disc is basically just taped two shows of mostly the same material, you end up with 3-4 renditions of the same jokes if you own his other discs. I won't even get into the fact that one joke was a blatant Mitch Hedberg rip-off ("once you go white, you just might want a Sprite). Ugh.To boot, Tom chooses to make this odd sound with his voice throughout both sets. It's funny when used sparingly...but across two discs of rehashed material it quickly grew tiresome. You'll know what I mean when you hear it and ask, "why does he keep making that funny (i.e., odd) voice? It was "Jay-Z and Kanye doing the same song 14 times at a concert"-annoying.I'd expect this kind of effort and quality from a new, rising comedian. But Rhodes is the real deal. If you've listened to his material, you know he's a very sharp and funny guy. There's just no way he didn't know he was releasing sub-par work here. And it's disappointing to fans who genuinely support him as an artist. Even the whole "double disc" selling point is just that ( a selling point)... The audience interaction between the two gigs on this disc isn't interesting or unique enough to warrant a double disc (in fact, a number of the jokes fell completely flat, with no laughter---- which is probably also why two shows were included).I'm still going to see his live shows. I still think Tom's wicked funny. But this is an A-student turning in B-, C+ level work. Probably too much time spent podcasting and working TV gigs. I look forward to Tom bouncing back with some new material.
It is a great motivation when I'm in the gym. The beats are great and it helps keep me on track
This album is not "bad" at all.  However it is definitely different than Rump Shaker.  By that I mean there are some songs that are much more juvenile.  Angst about kissing your long time "friend" that you want more with, covers of "I Just Can't Wait to be King" and "Under the Sea" really make me feel like half of this album should be on Radio Disney (Does that still exist?).On that same note, there are songs that you should hit "skip" on if your 10-year-old sibling/cousin/child is in ear shot.  But it's mostly clean.So my complaint really is that not every song is for me.  That's the way albums go.  People like some songs and not others.All that being said, Suburban Legends brings their talent on this just like Rump Shaker.  The songs are energetic and catchy and fun to listen to.  Really you could say that this album is good for kids and parents...just as long as you are OK hearing about why some guy just really wants to kiss his friend.
Katt Williams earlier works, "Live" and "Pimp Chronicles Pt. 1" are great comedy records. "Pimpadelic" isn't, but isn't really meant to be either. It's partly a documentary  with interview clips with Katt. Along  with that, there are some repeated bits from earlier records, a couple of newer bits and a couple of earlier versions of bits from Katt. The comedy is broken up with an interview clip between each bit. This probably worked well with the DVD documentary this material came from, but makes for a really uneven listen. If you have everything else from Katt and are still interested, get it and enjoy. If you're looking for a starting point, get "Live" and then "Pimp Chronicles Pt. 1" instead, it would be a much better "pimp decision".
For those of you who are familiar with my reviews, I get background music for when I am working and trying to relax and focus. I bought this with those expectations. It is good, not great. I like it and listen to it once and a while.
Listened to this music when I needed a change from my regular music on my Mp3 player. For those long walks.
We are not sure if this cd works yet ,it is very very short . But maybe that is how it was intended.
Like the Unlimited Wealth version, very soothing. I have an abundance of Love and Happiness already, was hoping for an extra boost of money. I will certainly let you all know if this item changes anything.
As a hypnotherapist myself, in my opinion, there are many good points in these Past-Life Regressions and some not-so-much.  While relaxing into 3 of his regressions and going along for the journey/imagery, my analytical mind was also noting his techniques--determining for myself whether or not each one was effective by how they affected me--primarily by what "life" came into view and what information I could obtain from the journeys, etc.On the PRO side, Brown does "induction" very effectively, in each of the examples, I can learn a lot by studying his induction techniques and his different styles of induction; but on the CON side, he shifts images sometimes too quickly (leans heavily on visuals), or changes a setting suddenly, and then he lingers way too long without instruction or direction in a location. Personally, I need more specific questions to answer to encourage my emersion in the experience.And the sound level on all 3 P-L regressions was just atrocious--he can be speaking at one level and then suddenly his voice drops into near nothingness and w/o adjusting the volume while you are supposed to be "under," you can't even hear him. That was by far the MOST annoying thing in the 3 regressions I did. In fact, I think in the second one I had to crank the volume knob up all the way, which means coming out of trance to do it.Another questionable practice was at the return point in all regressions, where he is prepping the client to come back and awaken renewed and refreshed, he also instills this suggestion of: "The animal attraction will become second nature," which made me almost immediately open my eyes and say "What?"  What is the intention behind that statement?  When people are at their most vulnerable state and highly suggestible, you say that?  Perhaps you mean "intuitive knowing" or "instinctual knowing," such as animal instinct. But it could be construed in another manner such as being more sexually promiscuous, and that ambiguity definitely made me question the intention behind it. If I were to make a suggestion to Erick Brown, it would be to be more clear there on what you DO intend. Hopefully it was the more the intuitive knowing aspect than the other possibility which would be a questionable insertion to highly suggestible people. If increasing your "animal attraction" is an aspect of what listening to these regressions will do for someone, then state it upfront before someone listens to them--don't slip it in between the lines. I'm no prude, but I think this is more so a question of ethics and professional integrity.Overall, Erick, I think these need a little work. The sound quality DEFINITELY needs improvement.
Look up his website/blog and buy it there. Its the video of his performance, as opposed to just the audio, and its only five bucks. I think he gets a bigger cut too.
This album had some pretty funny moments.  It is not my favorite comedy album, but not the worst I've ever heard.
I can use this workout as a loose guide but if I followed her instructions fully, I'd be adding resistance until I cant pedal anymore.  I also would be standing for most of it, which is fine but she doesn't tell you enough what you should be doing so I end up questioning if I missed her say to sit back down.  its more of an endurance ride as she doesn't really give you clear breaks. So I loosely follow her but do my own thing with sitting/standing and resistance.
you have to put a lot of trust into hypnosis and subliminal tapes that they are give you what they say but i happen to wake up before the end and heard him refer back to his website as well as doing it at the beginning of the sesion.
Dr. Murray Banks was an entertaining speaker whose schtick revolved around sexual prohibitions. With a purchase of one of his albums came the promise of titillating commentary and wry humor. His content heavily relied on the now largely discredited Kinsey Report. Banks' opinionations flow as freely as chatty cocktail party banter.This is just one of a series of albums in this vein recorded by Banks. This will appeal most to folks like me who pull quotes and samples from albums for insertion into mixes. My thrift store vinyl of this gets filed next to Rusty Warren, Skillet & Leroy, Don Lonie, Paul "Tex" Yearout, and the soundtrack "Joe Speaks". Assuming this isn't all crackly like some of my thrift store treasures, 89c an album side is a good price for a bit of history.
The meditation/mantra for this zapper starts with the usual lead-in. Then the meditation goes into &#34;...from this moment on you eat less calories than you use, reduce calories, you reduce your caloric intake, you do, you accept this, reduce caliories, you reduce your caloric intake, you do, you accept this, you do it, you have the self discipline to establish a healthy diet and stick to it, you eat a healthy diet, only a healthy diet, you eat only healthy foods in small portions and only at meal time, you eat only at meal time, no snacks, no snacks, no, you eat only at meal time, no snacks, no snacks, no, you stick to your diet, diet, diet, it's easy, it's easy to stick to your diet, you do it, you do it, you stick to your diet, you desire to slim down, slim down, go for it, slim down, lose weight, do it, you can and you accept these suggestions, you ignore all urges to eat between meals, you can do this and you do it, ignore urges to eat between meals, eat only at meal time, smaller portions of healthy food and you lose weight, everyday you lose a little more weight, you do, you easily lose weight, you have the power and discipline to do what you need to do, you easily lose weight, you have the power and discipline to do what you need to do to have the body you want, you're willing to make the life style and dietary changes to fulfill your weight-loss goal, you accept this, you accept that you need to make sure your caloric intake is less than your caloric out put, less calories, you eat less calories than you burn and you lose weight and you have the self discipline to do what you need to do to attain the body you desire, you have the power and ability take control, total control of your body and your life, you do...&#34; Etc.All this points to the direction that we must only eat healthy food, eat smaller portions, take-in less calories than our out-put and there is no snacking. No snacking? I'm a grazer so there is no set mealtime for me, I eat when I'm hungry. Hence the three stars, this meditation excludes our current lifestyles. Otherwise it's a good zapper.
Really, the title makes it hard to recommend this to anyone. It has a lot of intelligent points and is useful in that I could refer smaller clients to this when I don't have the time or resources to help them learn some best-practices with their marketing. But damn, the title is flat-out juvenile. Did the author REALLY think this through? Because if he did, his marketing savvy is questionable.Re-title the book/audio tracks. Save the jokes for the pub. They don't belong in business. If I can't recommend it, or even cite it in passing, what good is it? Your viral marketing/WOM is over when the words you give me to pass on are "stroking" and "pussy."Cheers,S Brown
Don't get me wrong, Del Rey is a great musician but this album just has too much of the same type of song, it's really hard to listen to the whole album without becoming bored.
This does teach you how to do self-hypnosis. However, he spends a lot of time simply talking about it and its benefits before you actually get to it. Then, I'm sorry. but I didn't like the fact that he takes you into an hypnosis session, takes you back to wakefulness and then plunges you immediately back down. Too muck of a seesaw effect.
I will keep trying to use this to get a result. Maybe that's what it takes is trying and trying until you get somewhere.I think if he described in a little more detail the stairs we are climbing down, it may help. Instead it's just a counting of stairs, then more stairs, then more...and it's hard to go there because there is nothing to imagine about it. He also says take another step...down down down, which makes me think is it a big step then 3 small, then 1 big and 3 small? I know it sounds like I'm thinking about the details too much, but when you're trying to achieve a hypnotic state, the details are what get you there. My opinion.
I transferred some of this CD to tape.  There was too much preliminary relaxation for me to listen to each time before the guided regression took place.  The first time I did this exercise, I got lost also.  I traveled in time from the regression back into the current time.  I have repeated using this CD another time and it was better.
Purchased after hearing two catchey, upbeat songs.  I thought the album would follow suit but it was filled with 5 songs that generally all sound the same with simliar story lines.  Regardless, it is terrific background music on a sunny day.
I must run slower than most because the beat/tempo on this is pretty fast. The songs are disco/club versions of hits, so that was disappointing as not hearing Adam Levine sing Moves Like Jagger just didn't sound right. Very club-y. Though it's not exactly what I wanted, it's OK. Wish I had sampled the songs before purchasing.
doesnt' really stop me from binge eating, I enjoy it though, it helps me to relax and fall asleep faster.
Steve Jones is soothing and I like the affirmations and upbeat message .... do not notice any difference yet. As soon as I become wealthy I will let you all know!
I was not sure about this, but gave it a shot anyhow. Have not had a lot of time to enjoy it. What I have listened to is nice.
It was a good album, but some tracks did not sound as good as one that caused me to buy this album to begin with.Would not recommend other stuff by him.hobo3121
Disclaimer:  I was given a free copy of this audio tour in exchange for writing a fair and honest review.Chicago is a city that I have spent a lot of time in. I've explored the city as a solo traveler, visited with my wife for some romantic weekend get-aways, and have taken my children to the city on family outings ever since they were infants. I've always enjoyed the audio tours offered at Chicago's museums, so I was excited to try an audio tour of the city itself.Bon Voyage's City Tour of Chicago covers over 20 attractions in and around the city, starting with a general overview of Chicago and its history. Each subsequent recording focuses on a major attraction in the city. The tour ends with four optional day-trips.The quality of these recordings is very professional. The narrator has a pleasing voice, although at times he spoke rather quickly - a lot of information is covered in these brief recordings.Although these recordings are advertised as a "tour" they are more of an audio travel guide. I like the way each individual attraction has its own recording, making it easy to dial up the tour you want for each attraction you visit. However, the information given is more historical and general overview than guided tour. For instance, the Millennium Park tour begins with an overview of Chicago parks in general, discusses the history of Millennium Park and the obstacles the city had to overcome to complete its construction, and then gives a brief overview of several features found in the park including Pritzker Pavilion, Cloud Gate, Lurie Garden, and Crown Fountain - in no particular order. I guess I was expecting more of a guided tour. There is no easy way to skip to a particular section within a single recording, so it was hard to go back and find a segment later when I actually arrived at that location. I would have liked an easier way to locate information than having to fast forward and rewind. After several attempts, I gave up listening on location and simply used the recordings in the hotel to gain some general knowledge of places we planned to visit that day.If you do not like reading travel guides and would rather listen to the information in audio format, these recording are high quality. They are best for someone wishing to learn a bit about a location before visiting. They are not, however, a guided tour. And although the recordings cover 17 attractions around Chicago, there are a lot more things to see and do in the city that were left out, so this won't replace a traditional travel guide's breadth of information.
if you are looking for help and like the rest of us can't afford the help you need try these.
Probably closer to 2 stars but I like Lloyd a lot and hopefully this is just a speed bump. It has some funny lyrics but most aren't very good and make him seem amateur when he seems like a big star. Still his other material and especially the epic rap battles of history are classic stuff
Dick Sutphen's voice is very soothing and he lulls you off to sleep. But hopefully you fall asleep right away so you can receive the You Can Do Anything programming.
Just one of those experiences that did not meet my expectations. I have listened to others that I feel were more superior.
Bon Voyage Media has an interesting concept for travel guides: rather than producing big, heavy, wordy books, its guides present information in spoken-word format.Overall, this guide to San Francisco is a decent source of historical facts and basic visitor tips for pretty much all of the major attractions. It sounds professionally produced and recorded, with a pleasant male narrator who clearly has broadcasting experience. The tone is friendly and at times slightly corny (fans of radio's Prairie Home Companion will appreciate the style of humor, urban hipster types probably not so much). One thing to keep in mind, though, is that these are not step-by-step walkthroughs. Somebody who is visiting, for example, Golden Gate Park will still want to pick up a park map when entering and plot out their path through the park.So how useful is this audio guide for visitors to SF? I think it is best suited for people who have already completed planning the main logistics of their trip and want an accessible and entertaining overview of San Francisco's neighborhoods, museums, and outdoor activities. But an audio guide, as one can guess, is not a very good way to give travelers information about transportation, hotels, restaurants, and nightlife. Bon Voyage sidesteps the issue entirely by mostly leaving out this sort of content. Also, people who are interested in a deep dive into something (detailed architectural comparisons between Victorian, Queen Anne, and Edwardian houses, say) or are experts in a specific subject area will be better served by more specialized guides.  Food and wine aficionados in particular should pick up a good restaurant and food culture guide since the Bay Area is arguably the premier culinary and viticulture region in the United States.Consequently, I recommend this guide to:* Road trippers. The MP3 format is well suited for listening while driving to (and around) SF.* Anybody who prefers audio books to printed books.* People who are audio learners, not visual learners.* Travelers who find themselves in SF unexpectedly and want a quick and accessible guide to the most popular attractions.Finally, as somebody with deep roots in San Francisco and Northern California, several minor flaws stick out. While none of these errors affect the overall accuracy of the guide, easily avoided mistakes like mispronouncing "Ghirardelli" and "Marin" and calling the Transamerica Pyramid the "Transamerican Pyramid" as well as repeated references to SF as "San Fran" (locals say "SF" or "the City" and NEVER use "Frisco") are grating to my ears.Bottom line: An important thing to keep in mind that detailed logistical planning is beyond the scope of this guide.  There are a few mistakes that would not have made it past fact checking by a local, but the advice and information in each segment of the guide is accurate enough for short-term visitors. 3.5 stars, then, for what could be a 4-star guide.This review is based on a promotional copy of the guide given to me by the publisher.
I really enjoy this song overall.  The tune and the vocals are really well done, but I found the lyrics to be a bit forced in parts.  Where you might expect a better flow, they seem to stop or speed up to keep the beat. It's distracting, but not enough to not buy the song.
It's calming and everything but I don't think it really addresses the issue enough. Never really bought into hypnosis anyway. I wouldn't pay $8 for it. Maybe if it were cheaper I could recommend trying it.
I've been a big fan of Cheryl Wheeler's work. This set of music, a nice live album, did not live up to what I needed to hear. The songs seem like they were thrown together to justify the talk in between rather than the other way around. I didn't look but they seem short, and not complete. It is a good live set but after a listen or two it's likely you'll put it away instead of listening to it over and over again.
I realize that it's a &#34;live&#34; album but, as much as I love her music, the chatter goes on for too long and is quite political.
I bought this for my granddaughters who also have Kindles, they tell me they enjoyed it!  I previewed it before gifting it to them, and would hardly call it a &#34;Lullaby.&#34;  But overall, it was a nice collection
I am not able to play this particular CD on my home CD player.  I have had to load it to my computer.  Too bad I am unable to listen to these songs throughout the house:-(
I love peaceful guitar music, but this CD almost put me to sleep.  Even serene music needs a little zing, and this one doesn't have any.  Boring.
I've always enjoyed Creflo Dollar sermons but this tape was a little weird to me. I expected a lot more on the word of God and I couldn't feel the music.
Capital's Ultra-Lounge Christmas Cocktails series began on a far different note than this latest installment.  The first volume embraced a zany, sometimes campy, always fun vibe that dug deep into the vaults and fairly far out into left field.  The result was a party on wax (or plastic or whatever CDs are actually made of).  Each succeeding volume has veered closer and closer to middle of the road, and on this latest set you get the least interesting collection so far.  That's not to say that this set isn't any good.  To be fair, many of the songs are familiarly nostalgic and all are presented in likeable vocal and/or big band arrangements by great artists from yesteryear.  But this one more than any of its predecessors veers awfully close to elevator music at times, and there is comparatively little adventure in the spirit of the song selection.  Why Capital strayed from its earlier winning formula is beyond me - surely there are still plenty of those more festive & oddball Christmas tunes lingering in their music vaults just waiting to see the light of day and to kick our Christmas parties into higher gear.  Until the folks at Capital who run the Ultra-Lounge project find their muse that seems to have gone missing, we'll have to settle for yet another completely likeable but ultimately disappointing set of safe retro Christmas tunes to tide us over.  Start with Christmas Cocktails Volumes 1 & 2 if you don't have them already.
Strictly for &#34;Christmas Cocktails&#34; completeists, this compilation has some pleasant tracks (you can't go wrong with Peggy Lee or Les Paul) but pales in comparison to the earlier volumes. Stick with the first two. Unless, like you me, you must absolutely have every Ultra-Lounge series!
While this is a perfectly fine PIANO album, there is no organ, no chimes and no orchestra.  There probably wasn't even any mistletoe.  And it feels more like a sampler, at that. Buyer beware--if your heart is set on organ and chimes, this is not your album.
It was cheap enough, so I don't feel gypped.  But these are definitely middle of the road versions of Christmas standards. I expected a little more bluegrass sound to the songs.  A couple didn't disappoint, but overall there is nothing to strongly recommend this album.
Took 2 stars off because this is just a 20 min bit that is a track on the unreleased album, just get that instead. Should've payed closer attention before ordering.
A very funny segment, but I guess I just expected this to be the funniest 20 minutes of his career if I'm paying 8 bucks for it...
I've listened the the first track, and I'm not comfortable with the music.  Though the guided meditation is done well, I'm still trying to work around the music.  I also enjoy slightly longer to longer mediations.  But it's Froud, and I had to see.
Average to a little worse compilation of christmas tunes done in an island or african style.  It was free though and you cant argue with that.
My two year old loves this...she wants to listen to it STILL and we are almost done with Feb.  It is a fun album
I enjoyed this for background music while baking cookies and Christmas decorating.  It added interest to the usual Christmas music and is an upbeat sound.
It is interesting. Downloaded as something different for the holidays, play it at work, now others are getting it. A novelity.
funny album. I enjoyed the first album more. Its still good 20 years later though. Also if you never heard his &#34;hamster joke&#34; look it up. thats my favorite one line joke of all time.
This isn't a BAD Christmas album, it just isn't the GREATEST. Granted, there are a lot of good TITLES here, but most are not done by the original artists, if that matters to you. "Little Drummer Boy," by Bing and David is a welcomed exception, but if you were hoping for the Crosby version of "White Christmas," you'll have to look elsewhere (happily, that will probably be the EASIEST title in your search). The absence of artists on the playlist is the first clue. Play the sample selections FIRST. Some seem to be in an awful hurry to get SOMEWHERE.Also, when we see words like GREATEST and ULTIMATE on these kinds of CDs, more warning bells should go off. First, if you look at the playlist, you will see that this collection is probably meant for Baby Boomers, the ones (like me) who remember that Gene Autry (The Singing Cowboy) recorded the originals of "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" and "Frosty the Snowman."If you are just starting your hunt for the Christmas music of your youth, have no fear: it's out there, and plenty of it (with the original artists, if you want), it's just not all on one disc (or even one SET). To obtain a good variety of your favorite Christmas pieces, you're probably looking at a pretty thorough search (well, you're in the right place) and buying a minimum of five or six discs at fairly reasonable prices, depending on your selections and whether you like popular, orchestral (Montovani, Percy Faith, Fred Waring) or classical (The Philadelphia Orchestra, Robert Shaw) or a combination of both. Over the years, I've probably picked up 70 or 80 discs (maybe more!) from Gregorian Chants to Kenny G, but, then again, I REALLY like Christmas music. Yes, I've bought discs for a single song, but I think I might pass on this one (although be aware that the Bowie/Crosby "Drummer Boy" is not easy to come by). There are a lot of good collections out there, but, as you'll see, it seems ALL of them have cuts you wouldn't listen to more than once if someone held a cement fruitcake over your head.When all is said and done, download your favorites from each disc into your itunes program and make a playlist of your favorites. OR, in many cases, you can purchase the individual cuts and build your collection THAT way. Whatever the case, I can assure you that THAT will be the ULTIMATE GREATEST CLASSIC (WOW) CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER!! Have fun, and happy hunting.
Love Junior Brown but this &#34;Album&#34; is very short and unremarkable. Price was good (less than $5.00 .A quick payday?
This is not a bad cd  but give it a listen its nice to have something different to listen too during the Xmas season besides the same old. Tunes
This had some good samples for free. I like listening to various artists during Christmas time to get a break from more famous artists that replay nonstop on the radio.
Always enjoy an opportunity to listen to Christmas music that adds to the spirit and joy of the Christmas season.
It's basicly nice background music.Reminds me of music playing at the high end retailers during the holidays. Would work well at holiday get togethers where people are conversing and don't want singing to contend with.
i &#34;bought&#34; it because it was free. the music is of good quality (obviously). i didn't really listen to it now that i think of it...
Was hoping for something with a broader range.  If you like that genre, it's wonderful.  And at this price (free), who can quibble?
Nothing different than the regular old Christmas songs.  Well produced and the songs are calming, but if you are looking for different, it isn't for you.
I like the instrumentals but not the vocals; don't like scat in Christmas music.  I like traditional Christmas music; color me old-fashioned.
This album was free so I downloaded it.  I was in the mood for christmas music.  It was ok not really my favorite versions but good enough
Not really what I expected from this download, but then as a &#34;sampler&#34; its is probably meant to be a &#34;teaser&#34; to buy other CD's in this genre.
Not quite what I expected.  Not the classics I was expecting - all are done with a twist.  Which is fine if that's what you like.
Not quite what I expected, but okay. Some of the songs are far from traditional sounding, but still a nice offering for a free album.
For those that like traditional Christmas music, I would highly suggest this Christmas Music sampler! It was not my favorite, but still pretty good!
I never got that. I can't say anything because I never downloaded the CD. I am done with this survey now.
THIS WAS MY FIRST USE OF MUSIC ON MY KINDLE.  IT IS FINE BUT NOT EXCITING MUSIC LIKE MANHEIMER STEAMROLLER, OR SOME OTHER ALBUMS I HAVE.
Free is always a very good price and this is certainly something different to add to our Holiday Music collection.
Maybe I'm just into more traditional mixed with modern Christmas tunes, but there was something about this sampler that just wasn't my thing. For the price, you can't ask for a better. It was a great mix of jazzy tunes, but if you are looking for something more upbeat or entertaining, you might want to choose something else.
I liked it. Anyone can enjoy. Just a nice app for my kindle. It added a sweet touch to Christmas time.
Mellow for the most part. Amazon was offering this for free so I picked it up. Fits well into a jazzy relaxing christmas mix.
This is an enjoyable version of holiday music to add to your collection. The musicians are very good and arrangements are interesting.
I was kind of excited when i saw this was free Christmas music and snapped it up. It is worth it because it is free, but i was pretty unimpressed
It was fine for a free download. Don't think it will be a annual favorite. Free Christmas music is always welcome.
Ehhh...not bad, but not great.  It was a free download so no real complaints.  It's a compilation of modern Christmas music, so if you want that Nat King Cole etc. versions of Christmas music, then this isn't it.  It is what it is, enough to get you into the holiday spirit.
Downloaded primarily to test out the new Kindle Fire.  Thought it would contain more of the traditional songs.  But, hey, the price was right.
A nice sample of Christmas music at the right price.  It wasn't great, but a nice change of pace from the usual Christmas songs and artists.
I like this christmas song and all the christmas song in this one.Enjoy this christmas song with your family throw out the holiday.I hope you can enjoy and your family.
The instrumentals in this sampler are pretty good once the non-Christmas ones are deleted since, after all, Christmas (with a capital 'C') is all about the birth of Jesus, not Satan Claus or anything like that.
This was just a sampler to see if i liked the music..  not my type but my mother loves it.  so she listens.
A collection of instrumental holiday classics, would be fine for background music during appetizers before dinner. Reminds me of background music for office dinner parties or my dr's office. I don't recommend this for a childs party or pleasure as I'm sure it wouldn't suit there style, but then again I have yet to hear a head banging Christmas song. Can't complain for free, but I'm sure many will. Thank you.
It's okay if you just want something &#34;Christmas-y&#34; playing in the background.. but it does give your house the ambiance of a shopping mall during the holidays!
Just a sweet taste of the treasury in the album of tested holiday classics collection that is this feast of joy.
A set of quiet (primarily) instrumental Christmas music. Not first-rate stuff, but well worth keeping in the rotation. My personal favorite is the smooth jazz &#34;Up on the Housetop.&#34;
A nice jazzy take on traditional Christmas tunes, plus one or two songs I'd never heard before. It was a nice album thst I've reccommended to several people.
its a nice calm holiday album that can excel playing in the background of your home while your baking or doing things around the house. However I really do wish it was not solely an instrumental and there were more people singing on the tracks. great nonetheless for a free item :)
very elementary mediatation without polish or soothing music.  Some of the sounds are more distracting than helpful. Need to identify the meditations by day number.
Some of the older songs (Bing Crosby, etc) have poor sound quality compared to recordings of these songs I have heard on other albums.  By &#34;poor&#34; I mean it sounds like you are listening on period hardware (1940's era wireless), but there are no pops/skips or other artifacts.  This may add to the charm of these songs for some, but I am alerting those who may care about this since it is not evident when listening to the previews.
Haven't had time to listen to it in any depth, by my first run through didn't leave me wanting to.
It is a very good story for children. It is a good idea if you can sing the songs in the story
Judging solely from the samples given here, this sounds like a really cool xmas collection. But I want the CD, not crappy sounding MP3s. So sorry about the 3 star rating. It might be higher if I could buy the CD & hear the complete songs. STOP CHEAPING OUT! Give us the discs!
Some of it is funny. Well done... the rest is annoying. One two three four five six seven eight nine
I got this on special, 21 tracks for 89c, at that price I can forgive some blandness. Yes, it does sound like Muzak. Works well enough to round out my already massive Christmas tune collection.
Not so much Celtic or Gaelic Christmas music as it is heavily synthesized New Age styled Christmas music.  Some of the songs start off well but then the vocalizations or violin (fiddle) seem out of tune.  If you have not checked it out, try Celtic Woman, e.g., A Christmas Celebration instead.For less expensive Celtic albums, check out Celtic Christmas.  I feel that the quality of this album is far better.Celtic ChristmasUPDATE:  Some of the songs are not bad, such as the Ave Maria, and for the price, it may be worth the several songs that are not that bad. Rating increased to 3 stars.
The compositions were nice to listen to.  Have a different sound that would typically be expected from traditional Christmas music.  Was a nice album to purchase at a discount, but most likely would not purchase at full price.
Just so so. Not as dramatic as I expected but for a holiday cd it does have some of the traditional goodies. Probably could have skipped this one and been ok. Think I was drawn in by the cover.
pretty funny . . . . I would recommend it. not everybody's cup of tea though. Wife thought he wasa little too crude . . . . oh well . . .
I saw Kinane on a comedy Central panel show (Midnight?). He has a very quick mind and he was dead on funny each time. So, I thot I'd look for a CD. There is some funny stuff here but nothing that really had me roaring.It is the CD and DVD of the performance.
First of all, "2600" is fabulous. It would fit in with any Jonathan Coulton collection (and for all I know, any John Roderick collection). Terrific, catchy song. "Christmas in July" is quite fun as well, a perky little island-style tune wishing for warm weather and romance during the cold part of the year. Something very reminiscent of Jimmy Buffet's "Christmas Island," a song I love. "Uncle John" is clever enough, though probably most relatable for those whose holidays with annoying relatives include alcohol. "Christmas in Jail" is a catchy, country song I could like a lot better if it didn't make me think about David Sedaris' "The Learning Curve," in which he tells students to imagine their mothers in jail and write an imaginary letter; he is chagrined afterward to learn that one of the students actually has a jailed father and was bummed out to contemplate having both parents in prison. That, and knowing a lot of high-school students of my own with parents in jail, has kind of taken the fun out of jail-themed humor for me, but your mileage may -- nay, probably will -- vary. The lyrics themselves are pretty funny if you don't have my hang-ups, and the music of the song is terrific. If you're going to play the album around others, make sure to skip "Christmas with You" if they are close listeners and have objections to certain words starting in "F," otherwise the lyric in question is easy to miss as the singer extols the many joys of having a guest-free Christmas. I'm not nuts about the music to that song, which is repetitive and in a style I'm not crazy about. Nonetheless, I can see how someone else might enjoy the departure, and it does mark the end of the part of the album before I always stop the CD.From "Christmas is Interesting" onward, I personally find the rest of the album un-listenable -- though that song starts out sounding like good Coulton before I remember where it's going ... and truly, despite my really disliking the song, it's still got pretty much all the elements I associate with the Coulton stuff I like. I'd probably like it fine in the context of its original album. If we were discussing an EP of just the first five songs, I'd give it five stars, and certainly before this Christmas rolls around, I'll have mixed in those initial songs to my massive mix and save the CD solely for its autographs, obtained at a magnificent performance last December. Consider buying the album even if only to support the ongoing project that is JoCo, the talent that is John Roderick, and the idea that Christmas albums don't have to be perennial sentimental dreck. I can support experimentation even when I don't always like all the results - can you?
Love the song, poor sound quality! Good song heard it on Steve Harvey morning show. Was so excited when I saw it on Amazon.
I have nothing bad to say about Nox Arcana. When I am in that place nothing else will do. This is not a bad CD, there is just nothing in it to set it apart from a couple others, in fact you can hear pieces and parts from other albums spread through out the scores of this collection. But that is okay, too, as many times I just want to know Nox Arcana is playing in the back ground and not demanding my full attention. Besides, the cover art makes a great background for the cell phone.
I was going to buy this because of the fact it was christmasy and royalty free - something I was looking for.  However, due to the fact it doesn't include any license agreement or any way for me to prove I own the rights to using it commercially, I've decided to not buy it.  If the area you work in doesn't require proof on everything you use, or a simple link to this web-page and the tracks title will suffice, I think this is a good purchase.  But, otherwise, if you are in my boat this is too shoddy to let pass.  If they ever add a license agreement so I can review the terms and have an official proof of rights, then, I'll probably buy this.
My son bought this song he is 6 and loves it. I have not really listened to it. But he is a mine craft fanatic.
I bought this because it was recommended on one of the TV shows.  I am not found of changing Christmas carols this much.
I'm more of a traditional Christmas music person, not this hard rock.  Mannheim Steamroller is as bizarre as I go.  HA!
gave some points for thought and many things to meditate on during future sessions. May discuss at a future retreate
I really like the message these talks convey; however, I did some research on Frederick Lenz Rama and discovered that he committed suicide and was involved in a lot of scandals. So... it makes it difficult to really believe what he has to say. He sounded super chill and happy but who know what he was high on when recording this.
Its really my fault for not doing a sample first. I wanted guided meditations and this is not that. Very good information though after listening. I'm not even 1/3 finished with it, puts me to sleep :)
Sometimes you find an author, an artist, a singer that you like very much. Maybe by chance, or because there is something that doesn't add up, I don't know, you want to know more about him or her. I found that many times it's better not to seek for furhter info about the person behind the artist. If you like this audio talks, if you find that it helps you in any way, I recommend that you try to forget about the human being behind F. L. Rama. Just enjoy and make use of whatever good it does to you. Never go and investigate about his life or death.
I have always loved Harland Williams' stand-up. I first discovered him back in 1999 when he did a show on Comedy Central called the Hilarious Hour, and it was. I ended up recording that (on VHS!), and years later I discovered it and transferred it to my iPod. That might not be legal. I'm not sure. What I AM sure of is that it is one of the best stand-up sets I've ever heard, and I've spent the intervening years searching for it in the hopes that maybe, someday, he might put out some of his older material. It doesn't look like it's going to happen though, which is a shame. However, I did buyHar-Larious, his most recent set, and it's excellent. If you haven't heard it, leave this page right now and go get it.Because this thing? Man. What a letdown.If you don't know anything about Harland, then there are two things that make him great. One is his explosive, absurdist sensibility, and the other is his preternaturally amazing crowd work. Good God, can this man work a room. It's a rare beast, the comedian who is not only comfortable going off-material, but who is also so stinking good at it. There's a special kind of kick and spin to jokes that you know were made up on-the-cuff because of what an audience member has said, and Harland has, hands-down, been the best comedian I've ever seen at it.Which is why it is so baffling to me that he chose to record this set alone in the middle of the desert.At the start, he makes a quick comment saying that listeners shouldn't need an audience to "know when to laugh," but that's never been the reason why I think audiences are central to stand-up comedy. There's a certain level of feedback, an organic rise-and-fall that comes when a comedian is performing for a crowd. It's like the comedian is lobbing tennis balls over a net. The audience's response preps the comedian for the next lob. Even if the audience is as stiff as a brick wall, at least the ball returns. There's still an energy or motion to the sets. Without an audience, all you get is one ball after another whiffing silently through the air and landing with a dull thud. Which is a lot of what you get with this set.He's got some good bits in here, and I genuinely laughed out loud more than once (SO's and Dinosaurs, Death, & Knowledge are the best tracks), but the bulk of the album is either just passable or downright cringe-worthy. It turns out that his explosive absurdity comes across as desperately manic when it's done to pure silence. He occasionally yells at crows, farting turtles, a passing plane, and a wild dog, and he has weird running gags about sunflower seeds, corned beef, and cinnamon, but instead of being hilariously crazy, they come across more like Harland's simply lost his mind. Add in the fact that at least three of the bits on this album are recycled from Har-Larious (Has Louis C.K. ruined me for comedians with fresh material, or is it just too much to ask that a comedian find a way to write all new jokes in the span of eight years?), and you get a huge disappointment.My love for everything else he's done is strong enough to push my rating up to three stars, and also to admit that if he does another album (hopefully in less than eight years), I'll still be the first to buy it. But if you're new to Harland, please do not look here for your first taste of the man. Check out Har-Larious and his movies, and if you're still starved for more, you might find a few morsels on here to enjoy.
I chose the rating because all you pretty much do is listen to the song deck the halls. I like nothing pretty much about this app. I dislike this game because theres like no way you know what they are saying because there is no words to listen to.
I thought this was something that someone on my school playground made up.  I was surprised that someone had recorded it, and put it out there on the internet...
Not the song that I thought it would be, was looking for the song that goes with the YouTube video (Dumb Ways To Die)  But cute enough
Liked it for the walking rhythm. Wish I had got one with the real artist... something about the real thing!
The songs on this workout playlist have a good beat but be aware, it's not the original songs.  All of the songs have a driving beat added so you hear it while you're working out (encouraging you to stay on pace).  However, the songs don't sound like the originals because they are sped up or someone else sings them.  I found this song list on pinterest and bought it on a whim because I liked most of the songs and needed a change up in my running playlist.  Next time, I'll listen to the preview of each song before I get it.
Final stop on our geographic blues tour is South Carolina, yep that hot bed of the blues. Well in this case it's a Hot Mess of blues provided by a young guitar slinging lady Pam Taylor.Starting out with a solo guitar riff (that recalls `Who Knows' by Hendrix and some others) and then joined by horns aplenty we get `Smile Again'. Ms. Taylor's young gun-slinging guitarist, Kyle Phillips, voraciously attacks the six strings and wrings out any note he pleases. With the support of Ms. Taylor's dad, Mike, and rest of the band they work the track to its maximum return on investment.Title track `Hot Mess' is upbeat and funky with Dad, blowing smoke out of the business end of that sax as Pam growls her vocals about this lady who is a walking "Hot Mess" and not in the good way. Living life hard and fast, over perfumed and under satisfied there seems to be a light at the end of the tunnel but it's the train coming at her. What is the oft' repeated definition of insanity - repeatedly doing the same thing the same way and expecting a different result - well this is the portrait of the lady in this song.`Not the Only One' is a torch burner that has our heroine explaining the straight up truth to her man concerning exclusivity of relationship. Ms. Taylor's vocals feature a latent sadness yet a undercurrent of prayer contained deep within them. There is an inevitability as to the outcome, but a glimmer of hope - really, why can't we go on as three? Folks the Blues is all about misogyny, at least on it's good days, and Mr. Phillips' guitar torching at the end burns deep within the soul of the blues.Yet on the other hand (is a fist) giving us `Next Time You Think of Cheating'. Guitar driven, crispy and gritty vocals portrays what it is like to be the odd girl out. But not in the Lesley Gore, it's my party style of the past. More current and pointed she promises that he is gonna pay for his transgressions and pay in spades*. If the retribution that Ms. Taylor has in mind for her former man is anything as fierce as the  guitar work he better head where the sun don't shine. I quote "I took the house, I took the car; without no money baby you ain't going too far. I took the kids I even took your boat..." She ends up mimicking his emasculated pleas of "oh baby, I can't believe you took the boat" and continues to rip him a new one in plain sight of all who would watch this event.Overall this is a solid rookie release by an up and coming new talent in our house. She excels at the arranging aspect and her song writing shows promise. It is full of life and passion and after all ain't that what the blues is all about. She is currently a Pick to Click in SiriusXM Bluesville so others have taken notice of her talents also.* In spades: in the extreme alludes to spades as being the highest ranking suit in various card games and transfers `highest' to other extremes. A colloquial term from the 1920&#8242;s.Hot mess, hot licks and hot chicks it's all the blues y'all and it's all good over at blues411.com, see ya there.
This is my first indoor cycling workout. There are two options on the tracks. A 30 minute or 60 minute workout. The 30 minute is not different than the 60, they simply dropped off some of the tracks from the longer workout. That was disappointing as it quickly get's tiresome to listen to Gregg's introduction and instructions. It's a good and hard workout but not too inspiring. However, if you are looking to sweat it out and work hard this will do it.
So...now that there are competing vegan comedians, competition should make them better right?  For the most part he is just adding jokes to a very political point of view.  It is funny but quickly gets old; you just want another joke but you have to wait for him to finish explaining his point of view.
Her two prior albums being several years old I figured there would be mostly new material. Instead there was a lot of the same material. Kinda of disappointed.
Traditional Irish Folk music. It has the classics like &#34;Danny Boy&#34; but it has the quality of a low budget album or maybe a first album for the group. I enjoy it for what it is but I have other Irish collections that are a more polished.
Although the routing titles are somewhat different, this is basically the same material from his earlier "Master Plan" album. Both very funny, but delivery on Master Plan album a lot better.  It also appears routines on 2007's "Pure Polyester" are very similar.
This was bought as a gift because of the youtube video. It really did not mention honey badger very much all though was a bit funny
Palindrome (nee Natan Kuchar) is based in Australia, by way of Boston's Berklee College of Music. His inaugural release, SMILEY FACE STICKER, brings some very big words to very small children.A fan of word games, Natan did not realize he could fashion a career out of puns and wordplay until he took a course called Nonsense Literature. His palindromic family includes wife Lil and daughter Ayala who was born on February 21, 2012 (21/2/12 in Australian date style).His CD is being released stateside this month in advance of a U.S. tour. Palindrome is for the very young with songs like "Backwards Alphabet" and "The Real Adventures Of Incy Wincy Spider." But if you've got an adversion to the Wiggles and a fascination with accents, he's your man from Down Under.
I'm hearing this all the time on the Underground Garage.  Actually reminds me a lot of I'm not yourStepping Stone which the Raiders did in the 60s.
Great titles, and good strong percussion mixes to keep you moving, but not as close to the originals as I would expect.or hope.Vocals and arrangements are just &#34;off&#34; the groove of the hit versions of these great oldies.
I don't particularly care for the arrangements. Not much style and not real close to the originals. It was just okay.
Probably written in conjunction with Ford Marketing, this song extols the features of the new Model A that replaces the old Model T. This recording is from a record and is a little scratchy sounding. There might be a better, clearer copy to get if you want this song. I used it as background music for a video of Model A pictures to use in a presentation for Model A History.
Helps you fall asleep, songs are sleep inducing so, Isotonic feature works without head phone.  You have to use it regularly and you should get results.  Just be sure it plays the entire sleep period.
Pretty voice. Didn't like the echo in the song. It felt distracting to the vocalists talent. I'm giving it three stars as it is a technically poor recording, not because the artist was bad.
But the original &#34;Tells Jokes in Maine&#34; was better, longer, funnier. This just seems to be an extension of that, more of that but with out the innovation that made &#34;Maine&#34; so fresh and funny.
Pros:  Could keep studying while driving, and definitely helped. I passed!Cons:  Didn't like the voice, and the beeps between term & definition were unnecessary.
Pace is ok ..but the grouping is alphabatical..This could have been better if logical grouping. Give some examples as well
Huge fan of Ron White, but some of the jokes are repeats from other albums he released. Also, the sound quality is really low, almost like he wasn't talking into the microphone close enough or just poorly recorded. Other than that, it's still a funny album. Not his best by any means, but still funny.
Ron White is funny but not as I expected. To me, he comes across as bragging about the money he has...  (Golfing with Tiger woods, going to France, having a private jet, and hanging out with Dr. Phil).  Overall he is funny, but he is not identifying with the general population.
I love Ron &#34;Tater&#34; White but this was not his best. He seemed a little off pace but still ok.
I'm a fanatic for comedy albums. After playing some of my favorites to death (Norm Macdonald, Harland Williams, Jim Gaffigan, pretty much everything Louis CK and Dave Chappelle have ever done), I went off in search for more. I found some gold, some pewter, and some plain old garbage. Here are the fruits of my labors.MIKE LAWRENCE --> SadamantiumThis album was a shot in the dark for me; I'd never heard of Mike before nor knew anything about his style. Essentially, he is trying to be another one of those comedians who bases most of his material on self-deprecation, like Kyle Kinane (see below). I've noticed more and more comedians attempting this shtick -- making themselves the butt of most of their jokes -- and while it can sometimes work (again, see Kinane), it more than often doesn't. It's a deceptively easy style to attempt, and unless you can add some unique passion, creativity, insight, or character to your personal insults, it just comes across as lazy and uninspired. Unlike Kyle's gritty, trailer-park-ish delivery, Mike has a nasal, salivary twang to both his voice and his jokes. Some of it works ("Fallen Heroes") and some of it doesn't ("British Stuff"). It sounds overall like someone mingling old and new material at an open mike. Also, whereas Kinane's personal digs are charming because they feel genuine and unique (and often weirdly poetic), Lawrence's personal digs seem rote and uninspired. He seems to be using them for the sole purpose of getting the audience to like him, making them sound kind of fake. Although funny in parts, much of the album just felt like pandering to me. It's really easy to joke about being a nerd or a loser, but it's a lot harder to make that any more interesting or special than all of the other nerdy losers out there who want your appreciation. THREE STARSTJ MILLER -->Mash Up AudiofileTJ Miller just doesn't have enough stuff out there. He has a DVD, but I prefer to listen to my comedy, being on the go as I always am. I've caught a lot of Miller on various podcasts, and I've loved his general aura enough to seek this gem out. He's got a lot of lunacy to his bits, but his goofy demeanor makes it super accessible. He runs the gamut as far as subject matter, and that makes the direction of his set unpredictable and more interesting. Plus, the CD contains some musical remixes of his jokes, a gimmick that I've never seen before. It doesn't work 100%, but it's still fun and infectious, like most of his comedy. FIVE STARSPAUL F. TOMPKINS -->Laboring Under DelusionsI absolutely love Paul F. Tompkins. He's smart but not smug, and he applies his well-spoken erudition to topics all across the board, whether grim, crass, classy, or just plain silly. This album follows Tompkins' career choices from school to his life as a stand-up comedian and sometimes actor, with all of it tied together by Tompkins' intense fear of being yelled at. Perfectly organized and arranged, the set is very personal without being maudlin or dramatic, and of course, it's hilarious. Here's hoping he doesn't wait another three years to put out his next album. FIVE STARSDEMETRI MARTIN -->Standup ComedianMuch like his very obvious influences (Steven Wright and Mitch Hedberg), Martin's jokes come fast and loose and are based mostly on funny comparisons, puns, curious juxtapositions, and goofy over-analyzing/personification of common stuff. He rarely has any extended bits, preferring a rapid, conveyor-belt style of quipping. It serves him well. Most of his jokes work great, but when they don't, his style means the misfire isn't long remembered. Also, since he packs so many lpms (laughs per minute), his sets are almost always worth multiple replays, which is a huge plus for comedy albums. FIVE STARSKYLE KINANE -->Whiskey IcarusLike a lot of comedians, Kyle struggles with self-image, self-acceptance, and just plain old living in general. Most comedians try to churn that material into comedy gold, but it very easily can come across as desperate and sad. Not so here. Kyle's rugged delivery, well-spoken self-deprecation, and slippery insight into a misery that most people share makes the whole set seem like you're having a slightly buzzed chat with a philosopher who can't stand pretentiousness. He's a dark horse of a charmer with a wacky and invasive wit. FIVE STARSHANNIBAL BURESS -->My Name is Hannibal/ Animal FurnaceHannibal has a very casual, friendly delivery that is polished without seeming over-rehearsed. He's got a ton of charisma on the mike, and his jokes manage to mingle just the right amount of intelligence with an equal measure of absurdity. He reuses a few bits from one album to the next, but they're both still A-list material from beginning to end, and it all has a high replay factor. I'm looking forward to more from him in the future. FIVE STARSBRIAN REGAN -->All By MyselfStill one of my favorite comedians, Regan is known for both his squeaky-clean material as well as his exaggerated, almost cartoonish delivery. He's basically a giant kid, and the results are consistently funny. In an era where it's really tough to wring laughs out of a crowd without going blue, Regan stands out as an immediately likable, inoffensive presence that manages to hit killer bits off with impressive regularity. FIVE STARSCHRIS HARDWICK -->MandroidHelmsman of the popular Nerdist podcast, Chris Hardwick has an innate pleasantness and a personal dismissiveness that's endearing. His material has been very thoroughly refined and distilled so that it's sharp and on point but also conversational. At least two of these bits I've heard before on a Comedy Death Ray compilation that came out six years ago, though, so it's a bit sad he hasn't come up with all-new stuff in the rather long interval. When he gets overly self-aware, the set stalls a bit (both tracks about being a nerd fall flat for me), but otherwise it's light, enjoyable, and quickly paced stuff that goes down easily and with a lot of verve. FOUR STARSNATE BARGATZE -->Yelled At By a ClownI'd never heard of Nate before this album. His slow-as-chowder southern drawl and passive, teddy-bearish personality both work for and occasionally detract from his set. While his material never really hits belly buster territory, it's genuinely amusing stuff, but mostly when he's actually trying to do typical set-up/punchline type bits. When he tells stories, he makes the amateurish mistake of having a dry, unremarkable chunk of exposition preceding the actual funny parts. This is exacerbated by his meandering vocal style. (I wish more comedians would take their cues from Louis CK, who has the ability to tell a long, involved story, and somehow still have nearly every line of it contain some kind of joke or humor.) Not bad for what I'm assuming is a relative newbie, but also not as good as it seems like he has it in him to be. FOUR STARSDOUG BENSON -->Gateway DougI'll never give up on Doug Benson, but mainly because I think his podcast (Doug Loves Movies) is one of the most consistently enjoyable ones out there, and I'd say at this point he's given me three to four hundred hours of free entertainment just from that alone. I feel I owe the guy. That having been said, this is one of the weakest sets Doug has ever released. It doesn't have the honed strength of a batch of tried/tested/tightened material. Instead, it feels as gangly and loose as one of his podcasts, except without the guests there to riff with, Doug ends up sounding like he's just rambling stream-of-consciousness style through some random ideas. A few of the bits are winners ("No Smoking Rooms" & "Sober October" are my favorites) but overall the whole thing is pretty weak. He might want to reconsider his "release a new album every year" philosophy and work on building up an hour's worth of actual top notch material before laying down another album. THREE STARSMITCH FATEL -->Public Display of PerversionMitch has officially lost me. I used to love his work. Even if it was one note (he pretty much talks only about sex), he still managed to find a freshness in it, mostly because of his on-stage persona: he does his stand-up as if he has just sustained some kind of mild head trauma, with a hint of a peach inspediment to his voice that makes him sound stuck in a desperately horny, adolescent limbo. Obviously an affectation, the voice still worked perfect counterpoint with his pretty risque and self-deprecating humor. That has changed with this album. Although he still has that vocal affectation, the self-deprecation in his jokes is gone, and now he's bragging about how his relative success on the comedy circuit has lead to all manner of sexual conquests: dating models and the like. The effect is a turn-off. Taking his persona from needy underdog to self-congratulatory top dog only emphasizes how stale, tired, and insincere his overall shtick really is. TWO STARSMOSHE KASHER --> Everyone You Know is Going to Die, Then You AreThis is more than a comedian doing stand-up. There are brief sketches at the beginning and end as well as a few epistolary segments here and there in the middle. If the title of the album isn't a giveaway, Moshe tries to lean on the irony of mortality as both his opener and closer. It doesn't work, mainly because he doesn't actually write any jokes about it. He just reminds everyone they're going to die, as if the juxtaposition of a comedian being morbid is, in itself, supposed to be funny. It's not. Neither is anything else he talks about. The actual stand-up seems half-finished, with pretty much every track on this album feeling like it is all set-up with no punchline. ("Jewmany" is the most obvious example of this.) The other bits are either overwritten (his letter to Modesto) or lazy (he reads spam emails and then makes obvious jokes about them, which is something everyone has been doing with their friends since email spam was invented). Making the whole thing worse, Moshe's on-stage persona feels only a shade lighter than carnival barker. He's got the contrived, overly-polished patter of a used car salesman. Even if your jokes are weak, if you've got a strong, engaging presence it makes up for a lot. Moshe's slickness comes across as plastic and hollow -- like he lacks any kind of personality or presence at all -- and it totally deflates what little humor there is in any of the stuff he says. ONE STAR
The guy playing the Lone Ranger uses his majestic voice a lot.  For instance, in the first track, about horse thieves, he yells, &#34;Hi-ho Sliver!  Tonto is waiting for us in the Cafe outside of Abilene!&#34;  It's a little odd.  Couldn't he use his regular voice there?  He then proceeds to leave his horse unattended, get his horse stolen, become confused when people accuse him of stealing horses, while he's WEARING A MASK AND RIDING OFF ON SOME OTHER GUY'S HORSE.  It was a bit of a shock coming from the very gritty and excellent &#34;Gunsmoke&#34; radio show.  I kept picturing The Tick riding a horse and saying majestic things for no reason.  The price was decent, but so far I haven't been able to make it through a single episode.
I really am longing for some original Tim Wilson stand up routines. If you are too, this cd will not satisfy your needs. It is ok, but I was left wanting for new Uncle BS's and reflections of growing up.
I was somewhat disappointed in this album.  It just didn't strike me as being as funny as some of his other albums.  I hope that God watches over his family and brings them strength as they grieve from his untimely death.  God bless him and his family.
The selections are good but the sound quality was only fair.  Price was right, so it worked for us.  It was long playing so that fit our needs as well.
I love listening to Neil Degrasse Tyson but I can't stand the co-host.  It's like they found somebody to impersonate Fran Drescher's The Nanny character. Also, after listening to podcast for 5 years hearing a radio show sounds a little cheesy.  As bad as all that is it's still worth it because of Tyson and the people he interviews are great.
I have seen the video of Apparate!, and I loved it. The first 2 minutes or so of this song are what you know from the video, but the rest of it is kind of lame. The price, though, is good for a song. It beats the iTunes price definitely. If you like 7 minutes of Potter Puppet Pals, than this is the song for you. If you only like the song from the video, then don't get it, unless you are just a diehard fan.
So disappointed!  We love these guys, have only seen and heard them on youtube and were looking forward to this DVD. Apparently there's something we missed, not sure what. American and European DVDs aren't the same? Darn
Although the comedy was good the biggest downside to this recording was the production. I generally listen to stand-up while doing something around the house. Thus keeping the volume up fairly high so I don't miss anything. Well not with this cd. While I could barely here the comedian, the audiences laughter was almost twice as loud. Wrong way to produce this people. This amateurish production made Larry XL also seem amateurish.
Very nice rendition of your favorite Christmas favorites. Olive how all the voices blend so well together. Your will love it.
Enjoyable and clean.  Getting to where I like audio books.  Listen while I am cleaning or cooking.  Helps the work seem not so tedious.
This is all right, just not as relaxing as I had hoped for. I am sure that I will get accustomed to it and stop my complaining eventually.
I've just recently bought the program.  I'll have more concrete  information in about 30 days.  As of now, my mood seem to be on the upswing.
It is a good work , but the music is to fast for my class. I still would recommend it for Tabata instructors.
I enjoy other items by Dr. Murray Banks.  This seems to be up to his normal standards, but unfortunately if you are not Jewish or do not understand the words, the jokes are difficult to understand.  Still, the price was so low that I am not complaining.
Decca Records released &#34;Turned On Christmas&#34; in 1969 in a rather transparent, woefully misguided attempt to cash in on the burgeoning hippie movement. In reality, it's just generic rock music made by faceless studio musicians - and most the arrangements are baldly copped from Phil Spector's legendary Christmas.So, as music it's completely unremarkable. As a cultural artifact, though, it's quite interesting.This MP3 version by Goldenlane Records, by the way, is transferred from vinyl. As &#34;needle drops&#34; go, it's pretty good, but be aware of what you are paying for....
the last 5 stories are two off from the titles.  wish this could get corrected.  if this can get fixed, please do so!
This free compilation of Green Hill Artists is not as good as some of the earlier free compilations.  It is still has some great tracks and is an excellent introduction to the great artists on this label.  If you haven't locked onto Beegie Adair, Denis Solee, Jack Jezzro and others, download this album.  These are great artists with excellent albums.  This is a great collection of artists in a sampler, not an album mean't to be listened to as a whole.In recommend it strongly as an introduction to excellent artists.Only 3 stars because it does not hang together as coordinated album.
It was a &#34;just fine&#34; freebie. Works good for background music during present opening which is what I wanted it for.
I saved a few of the songs but deleted most of them.  Just not my cup of tea for the most part.  But since it was a free download the day I got it I decided it was worth a try.  Wouldn't pay for any of the songs.
This is OK but some strange songs....just not the typical.  I guess I am more of a traditionalist and some contemporary when it comes to Christmas music.
Good festive music. Maybe a little tame for my tastes but I recommend it esp if you like the classics
Mish-mash of dynamics and styles. Great as a set of individual songs to be placed in separate play lists. This edition of &#34;Every Time it Snows&#34; is much better than commercial release with Jon Secada. Album download worth it for that track alone. Some other pleasant, nondescript stuff as well.
This was a ok Christmas cd collection. The songs aren't original but not too bad. Not a bad cd if your just looking for some Christmas music.
Its ok but just a sample of what you can get if you order the whole thing. Have to play it on your computer/Laptop and not anything else
It is good elevator music! They are not bad to listen to while working on projects or surfing the net.
had hard time downloading it in the 'cloud' it kept stopping. had rather just put it on my own media.
There are some nice songs on here for Christmas but i wouldn't go out of my way to pay for this. Good thing it was free.
I like some songs but not others on this CD ... but hey, for free, it's a good deal - you can erase the ones you don't care for.
Some of the arrangements are too sleepy, and Green Hill generally is putting out too much music that all sounds alike.  That said, the price is right and it's nice background music.
I was just looking for some generic Christmas music.  I did't realize these were only music with no lyrics.  Not terrible.  Just nothing special.
Most of the music was bland and had no singing. The little bit of singing it did have wasn't all that great. I did like the instrumental version of Auld Lang Syne on the album though.
If you like Christmas music this will leave you wanting more,it's a sweet taste of whats to come on the album.
3 songs are over the top and some of the best I've ever heard but the rest are just ok .
I love this album.  The arrangements are fantastic and fresh - some of them much better than the originals IMO.  This would be a 4.5-5 star review if not for the false accents used by Dianne Michelle and to a lesser extent Ashley Hess.  You know what I'm talking about - inserting &#34;i&#34; or &#34;oye&#34; in places it doesn't belong in words like Jeezoice instead  of Jesus and phrases like &#34;Coyeme join oyece&#34; instead of &#34;come join us&#34;, &#34;thrill oive hope&#34; etc.  I don't know where this comes from but some popular singer must have had this accent as I see lots of female singers emulating this on shows like The Voice, etc.  Someone must like it because lots of them are doing it, but it renders an otherwise beautiful performance almost intolerable to me.So 5 stars goes to the true artistry, arrangement, and spectacular performances here - 1 star goes to the fingernoiles oin the chalkboyerd oive the fake axsoints
I personally don't care for some of the style, but that is personal.  I don't care for swing interpretations of Christmas music.
I ordered this CD because Glenn Beck said it was fantastic. I was very disappointed. Background music was so over powering it was hard to hear the vocal singers. It was difficult for me to listen to this CD. sorry, I love the Osmond's but this CD wasn't up to its hype. Sorry Glenn, I don't agree with your opinion on this one. JPK
It's OK, others hearing it felt awkward hearing it when I had it on in the background of our get together.
The music and arrangements are very nice.  However, I refuse to purchase a product with Glenn Beck associated with it.  The man is a bigot and promotes hatred and prejudice, and has no business being associated with a Christmas project.  I wish all the artists on this project all kinds of success, and look forward to more music from them.
I heard sample music from this album, and wanting new Christmas music, I bought it.  Listening to it was disappointing .. it's like a varied mixture of styles, and not what I expected (or wanted).  Probably won't play it much (if ever).  Too bad.
Best songs on the album, for me, are the piano solo version of "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel" &lt;-- easily one of the most underrated Christmas songs out there; and the David Osmond rendition of "Oh Come, All Ye Faithful" (the only song where the pop/gospel-ish make-over actually works in it's favor)That doesn't discredit the talents of the other musicians - they are all talented in their own right - but I felt like they were taking many wonderful songs of hymn and worship and turning them into pop-renditions, which cheapens the power of the songs in their original form. This album had so much potential and I feel like it falls flat at some moments.Highly recommend the two songs I mentioned, but the others are just okay. They didn't resonate with me.
Volume level is WAY too low. Impossible to listen to on my iPod Classic and Galaxy Nexus. On a computer, I have to turn my external speakers up about 100% higher than for Hulu/Netflix.I highly recommend that whomever masters the next album should turn their speakers down, greatly.
As a long time Michael W Smith fan, I was quick to order this latest CD. His appearance on the CMA show and duet with Jennifer Nettles had me anxious to purchase this piece. A definite mistake: there are few pieces with him, several with Willie Nelson, and who knows else! The jacket does not list the &#34;friends&#34;, just the titles. I really hoped to hear some of the famous old and new pieces, not this mix. I guess I should have sampled it more carefully.
Refreshing jazzy acapela Christmas song renditions are quite a treat to listen to especially to those.who are jazz aficionados.
I collect christmas songs, and I love deep cuts, and songs that aren't trapped in the typical overproduced, gimmicky arrangements. While not my favorite recent christmas album purchase, it is refreshingly low-key in most of the arrangements, so it'll stay in rotation next year.
I bought the album for the song Hallelujah and I'm glad he sang several verses, but I'm disappointed .  His voice was not as rich/full sounding as I remembered from America's Got Talent .  I wonder if it was due to recording techniques  - - -  it sounded almost amateurish, like a recital.
Once again....either the music industry or some other force has robbed an excellent singer of passion.  Listening to Branden on AGT was a fantastic and exhilerating experience.  Now I find only &#34;Silent Night&#34; carries the passion we all witnessed before.  The voice is beautiful as always.........BUT WHERE'S THE PASSION?!?!?!?  Sing it from the heart Branden.