Pretty rare to find this selection of music. The performances on this CD are perfect for creating a nice ambiance for Christmas dinner.
if you like the beatles and you like christmas music, download this album. some of the songs work better than others, but all in all it was well worth it.
It starts to get on your nerves if you are just sitting and listening.  you really have to be doing something and have it playing in the background.
The Circus Calyope sound tracks bring back old memories of the good old days when I attended big top Circus acts held in a tent in the 1940s.
Sadie Mae of St. LouisThis is a well-recorded collection of tunes from this famous old carousel band organ, well worth the price of admission.  I was somewhat disappointed that there were a number of digital glitches (skips or bad edits?).  The occasional digital editing designed give the effect of one melody fading into the next in some of the medleys I found a little intrusive, or at least unrealistic.  All in all, however the music is delightful and joyful, the instrument obviously well-maintained and well-tuned; the sound quite present and realistic, with an absence of any distortion or overloading sometimes found in recordings of band organ.  Go ahead and enjoy it!
got this for dad, he it wanted for his houseboat, and also used it for the carosel at the park for the theme music. great tunes for nostalgic events. thanks
I bought this album for my spouse to listen to while undergoing acupuncture and it puts her immediately into a deep meditative state.  What more could you want?
We love hammer dulicmer and prefer Xmas music that is instrumental as we hear the same songs repeatedly.This is a great sesaonal album to go along with our other celtic xmas music.Very nice.
real solid album. I had always been hesitant to listen to these dudes cause I thought they were a weak gimmick trying to impersonate THE FAT BOYS. I guess they could've got they concept from them but they can really spit. Most tracks are good and the production is top notch. This cd is over a decade old but doesn't sound dated. I wish they would make more Detroit artists get more mainstream spotlight these days.
In a world obsessed with autotune and effects layered on top of each other it seems there is no place for meditative songs. Singer-songwriters rely heavily on their looks or flashy videos, carefully designed to appeal to teenagers only. You have to look very carefully to find hidden treasures like this album: quiet songs only for voice and piano. It seems like almost no postproduction was applied, except extra vocal harmonies here and there. This singer doesn't need autotune either - she sings incredibly clean and beautiful. With her jazz background she leans toward the more easy accessible songs but don't be fooled by simplicity: they are meant to help you relax. A beautiful album for a stressed listener.
The sound was not really as good as it could have been and when you have a CD...sound is all you have. So I marked it down to a 4 star.  The content was excellent and Billy was great!  I wish he would get on HBO or Showtime and have some specials.  He doesn't use a lot of foul talk so he would be great on TV, but I guess his wife won't let him stay out after dark....
This is a good comedy cd but it has expicide language. Not for teens but is okay for older adults
Gary has quite a few original joke lines. He is creative and is a natural as a stand up comedian.
This track is over one hour long .. just perfect for a creepy halloween background ambience.
brings back memories of when these were played on the radio. that is back in the 50's. There were also others
Mr. Jaws, Dickie Goodman's biggest hit, came out when I was ten..  I have been a fan of his work ever since.Goodman specialized in the break in record.  He would conduct man on the street interviews.  The responses would always be a snippet from a current hit song.  While the records were not always successful, they were always very funny.All Time Novelty Hits contains 27 of his songs, plus a posthumous salute to him.  This is a very good sampling of his work.One aspect of this package I didn't like is that Kong, another one of his songs, is not included here.  It does appear on another collection, though.I used to own another hits package, Greatest Fables, which had forty tracks.  However, I wore the CD out, and it costs about $100 to replace.  It also is only available as a CD, not as a download. This is a good substitute, but not perfect.I recommend this collection to anyone who enjoyed his work back in the day,
Believe me, after you list to this program, you will run out and buy the book--whatever time or day it is.  The chance to wow your friends and acquaintances with such on-mark ratings of musical groups cannot be passed up.  Enjoyable all the way through--good stuff.
a friend played these songs in my car, I had to have the album it is full of naughty fun...should not play it at your next church social however :-).
This man is funny!  I wouldn't listen to him over and over.  He points out the differences between men and women very well and his comedy is intuitive.  Most of his material is down to earth and easy to understand.  My wife likes him, and she is tough cookie when it comes to comedy.
If you like comedy tracks this is a must for your collection. This is a very funny cd and lots of laughs
In 1973 Mort Sahl released his first record in six years. (With the wealth of material the Watergate mess offered up, it's not hard to see why Mort was compelled to release a new album!) As terrific as the Watergate bits are, the highlight of the LP has to be Mort discussing the differences between being on JFK's plane and Nixon's plane.1. Watergate2. Our Distinguished Leaders3. Nixon's Odyssey4. California Politics5. Conventions6. Foreign Policy7. Candidates8. Prisoners of War9. San Clemente10. Nixon's Plane11. Kennedy's Plane12. Epilogue
Let me tell you, it was not easy in the old days.Hard to make a living.  Acoustic bands criscrossed the country via train or bus, trying to perform, trying to get paid when they they did perform.Spike Jones was no exception to the rule.  He always tried to keep things on a high plane [or bus], though, and brought his highly personal vision to everything he did.Ruthlessly inventive, and yet highly respectful of tradition, his personal genius produced this rare recording.  Lovingly digitized, it's now available for the few listeners who, as my dziadz would say, "know what's good."I wish I could remember the original composer of "Flight of the Bumblebee," but perhaps now it matters not.  Spike Jones' redefinition of the work is all that needs to survive; the legacy of this timeless work now forever ingrained.
I had been looking for French Christmas songs from my childhood...these brought back memories of  Christmas eve mass...songs  of inspiration, praise, and worship and, the chants affirm strong Christian (Catholic) values.
Marc Maron's comedy emerges from self-deprecation and then proceeds towards political idealism.  He makes stops along the way to tell very dirty jokes and slosh around in dark humors.  Indeed, the angry man with a head full of graphic images is not a new act among comedians, but rarely does a comedian have the ability to rant effectively and consistently.
I recently heard some of these songs at my job! I work in a boutique-like retail store, and they've begun playing some of these tracks over our speakers. I liked the sound of it because it wasn't your typical Christmas songs re-sang by current or unknown singers. Even though sometimes they do good renditions. But these songs are hip and fun! What you have here are songs from classic artists of an older era, mixed with a fresh, experimental sound. The song that prompted me to even find this cd was, "Rudolph, The Red-Nosed Reindeer (John Beltran Remix)" with Bing Crosby. One of my favorites from the album!Other favorites of mine: Happy Holiday (Beef Wellington Remix), Frosty The Snowman (Rondo Brothers Remix), Jingle Bells (Dan The Automator Remix), Winter Wonderland (Future Loop Foundation Remix), Dance Of The Sugar Plum Fairy (Red Baron Remix), Jingle Bells (Rise Ashen's Reindeer Dub).The other songs, either I thought were ok or I had to get used to them. So I can't say that I loved every track on here. But the ones I did love were enough to win me over and get me in the holiday spirit :D
When rating a remix album, you have to take into consideration artistic expression and creative license. There's nothing wrong with the tracks on this CD, they have the Christmas feel, the cool grooves, the works. A great addition  for the Christmas Connoisseur. Something here that's not just another compilation of the same 30 songs on every CD. Instead, some really cool remixes of them. It's new and it's classic all at the same time. Well done.
Imagine a song describing each endangered species before it dies out, describing its perfect adaptation to a place that is no more.  Getting inside the Snail Kite's brain as it flies above the disappearing Everglades.  Imagine being an Ivory-Billed Woodpecker.  These two have the talent to pull off such a feat!
this is a great Christmas album with organ and chime music can be enjoyed by the whole family I would buy it again if I had you.
My only complaint for this recording is that it is read with out any action descriptors. It's how it is meant to be read aloud, but I couldn't shake the feeling that I was supposed to have a copy of the book in front of me while listening to it.
Directing A Play by Tyrone Guthrie, is a great source of inspiration and advice for starting directors and actors. It is not, by any stretch of the imagination, an all-inclusive guide to directing though. In fact, if you are looking for that, I suggest you move on. This book isn't it.For those of you who have read the guides and/or have actually started directing plays and movies, then I would suggest you check this book out. It is structured as a series of talks on various things that a director must be know about. It feels almost as if he is in the same room as you. As if you were the young director turning to a master for advice. Which the master promptly tells you a story about the topic.Now, these lectures were recorded in 1962 by a famous British Stage Director. While not everything holds up to modern-day standards, the core of directing and performing remain the same. It is still worth a buy, if you are thinking about being a director or want to learn more about it. I would even suggest those who are considering to be a film/tv director to listen, most of what he says applies to that as well. I should know, I have started to create films as well as stage performances.For less than ten dollars you get a great source of inspiration and truths. It is certainly worth the price of entry. Download it and put it on your iPod today!
Let's face it, this was recorded as a cheap knockoff of the Tijuana Brass Christmas Album.  But you know what, listening to it again with fresh ears reminded me why I enjoyed it all those years ago.  It ain't the TJB, but it aint bad - it's actually very listenable.  And hearing it remastered (and not on my 99-cent copy of the LP) makes me re-appreciate it.  The only complaint, and it's a minor one, is why leave the count-offs on before each song? Doing it on a song or two would have been cool, but not the whole album.  Still, $7.99 well spent.
I have no qualifications or skill in reviewing poetry.  Mostly, poetry leaves me cold unless, as in The Iliad, there is an extra-poetic reason for me to be interested in it.That said, I have a positive review to give this CD of Christopher Logue's modernist interpretation of The Iliad's death of Patroclus.  This CD is an entertaining way to spend a couple hours.  Logue's interpretation of Homer is visceral and, while not capturing the formal aspects of The Iliad at all, completely captures and enhances the emotional content.  He has done an excellent job of producing smooth and listenable lines punctuated by modern interjections and speech that keep the narrative from floating beyond arm's reach.The reading by Sonkowsky is essentially appropriate for the text, I think, and his voice is excellent.  The CD goes on for a couple hours, and after a while, his interpretation becomes slightly shrill and grating.  But I didn't turn it off.  I spent two hours listening to a CD of the spoken word while sipping on a Scotch. I don't think I have ever done that before.  Try it, you'll like it!
It was not as funny as I remembered it as a child, but I give it 4 stars because it was still quit enjoyable. The jokes never get dated.
This is great for beginniners (like me). Dean is a fantastic guide and I'd recommend this to anybody interested in "doing" more meditation.
This is not the entire play only the &#34;highlights,&#34; but those highlights do include most the key scenes.  I found it worthwhile simply to hear William Marshall play Othello.  Listening to him, I can understand why the LONDON TIMES called him the greatest Othello of the twentieth century. Jay Robinson (Caligula in THE ROBE) is Iago.  He's fine but far too overtly wicked.
I purchased this album as part of a workshop we presented in my arts fraternity, Gamma Xi Phi.  Listening to it will help the listener to make the connection from the Harlem Renaissance through the Black Arts Movement to the modern era.  Ms. Sanchez presents a work that is smart, bold, witty, and deep.  This was my first time hearing her perform as opposed to reading her work in a book.  As a gay person, I must admit I was taken aback by some of the language in one of the poems, but I had to realize that this was recorded during the Black Arts Movement, a different era and a different consciousness among the reigning black poets of the time.  In spite of that language and those ideas, this is a solid piece of work.
This album is an all instrumental album. While still very good it seems a shame not to hear her lovely voice.  When she comes to town, go see her live while she is still playing the small clubs. The stories she tells in concert add even more to her songs.
This collection of songs was very surprising to me. My favorite is Here comes your man by the Pixies. I love that song and finding an instrumental version that is professionally down was quite the challenge. Other songs, like the Smashing Pumpkins song, are also a surprise, but definitely a good one.
I bought the album because I was looking for unique Australian music.  Not all songs are unique, but I like several that are specific to Australia.  I did not purchase this as a high quality musical CD, so the quality of the music is acceptable.  I was seeking fun lyrics, and the album provides that.  The album met my needs.
David's voice is so gorgeous.  I just wish the cd was longer.  I'd recommend to anyone who loves traditional Christmas music or classical music.
First of all, this man's voice is just WOW. I'm a new fan and I'll be looking for his other work. This is not a perfect CD, however, because there are moments when the instrumentation is simply too loud.  A voice like David Phelps' needs to be front and center in  a recording and unfortunately there are times during this CD when you can't hear him well enough. You know how Richard Carpenter knew exactly how to put Karen's voice up front in the recording and not drown her vocals out? David deserves the same treatment because his voice is stunning.
This is a good set of 12 songs by Bing, done in his unforgettable style. They're all well done too. However, save your money and instead buy Bing'sChristmas Classics, which has these 12 plus 4 others, including his famous "White Christmas".
This CD captures the Pythons at the height of their absurdist greatness. But this album, released in 1971, is only their second, so much great material still lies ahead. For casual fans, I'd recommend getting one of the longer compilation CDs like "The Final Rip off" which contains the more well-known material from this CD: Spam and  ever-popular "The Spanish Inquisition."More hardcore fans will enjoy the less popular but still daffy pieces here, like Gumby Theatre, The Piranha Brothers,  Death of Mary, Queen of Scots Penguin on the TV, Be A Great Actor/Theatre Critic, Still No Sign of Land (Lifeboat).Still, if you're that hard core, consider dropping $40 for "The Instant Monty Python CD Collection" which contains this entire CD plus 7 more.
The previous reviewer seems to be basing everything on the title of the album. This is most certainly not a 50's collection with Johnny Mathis. This is Nettork Records second annual Christmas release of (mostly) chestnuts performed by (mostly) indie acts. It's a very pleasant, very adult alternative station-ready collection with a few absolute standouts like Leigh Nash and Gabe Dixon's clear-voiced rendition of "Baby It's Cold Outside", the Clumsy Lovers bluegrass-inspired take on "Welcome Christmas" and Sarah McLachlan's shiny, soaring "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day." This collection would be fine background music for any young, upper-middle class Christmas party.
This is really a wonderful CD.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of a sort of schizophrenic confusion of an instructional CD with an aesthetic CD.  Imagine you're sitting on a bayou porch and Dewey Balfa is coaching you (you brought your fiddle?) so he shows you how to--trills, drones, rolling notes, sliding notes--and after each decoration he plays you a song using that decoration, and it's not just a short demonstration of what he just taught, it's a full on performance.  Dewey plays and talks and plays and talks.  It's probably just how Dewey was taught.If you're a fiddler, some transcriptions of the music would make this a 5 star learning experience.  If you're not a fiddler, nor a student of cajun culture, the talking parts may detract from a 5 star aesthetic experience.  But either way, it's a great CD or download.
as i type (in Aug 2008), please note that the track listings on Amazon ARE WRONG. (Dead Puppies is listed twice...the 2nd time as Lackadaisical Cincinnati)(notice two 2:14 tracks in a row...actually, i hope this gets fixed by the time you read this)If there's an Untitled Track 15, it is actually "The World is Gone" -- a  nihilistic lounge tune sung by Otis XII w/ Billy Joe Dracula on piano (this is pre-REM's End of the World As We Know It)."Lackadaisical Cincinnati" -- a GREAT melodic, jazzy, pop ditty -- is actually the 3:01 track (listed in AUG 2008 as "Little Fairies, Sister City").This album has great humor and great music from The Ogden Edsl Wahalia Blues Ensemble Mondo Bizzario Band (Bill Frenzer, Bill Carey and Otis XII ...among the many performers on this album). The ever popular "Dead Puppies" is here, but give "Lackadaisical Cincinnati" a listen. Is that Shorty Vest on that track? Love the horn arrangement.Kids today won't understand the Late Night DJ of the late-70s (but, as Homer S. says, "It's funny b/c it's true").I saw these guys perform live at Frankie Paynes and the 49er. I haven't been the same since.After you listen to this album, you too will cry out: "Let's boogie now!"
I bought this album last year in a Judaica shop, and although there is English writing on front and back, they really mean it when they say it is all Hebrew. Not even any liner notes with transliterations of the songs so one can sing along. That's the only reason I give it a mere 4 stars -- the music is wonderful and perfect for any Hanukkah celebration. Well, except where everyone wants to sing along! But I expect the lyrics can be found somewhere on the web.
R. Buckminster Fuller in increasingly seen by many to be among a handful of the most important people of modern times. To have his words in his own voice, ringing as true as ever, is a marvelous thing. Only problem: there are distracting breaks in the recordings--brief bursts of music. I don't mind too much, but it may explain why others have given this one star only.
INSIDE THE MIND OF BILL COSBY (73139) was Cos's last album on the yellow UNI label and his 16th overall. Recorded live at the Circle Star Theatre in San Carlos, CA., here Bill breaks away from routines about Old Weird Harold and the gang, concentrating mostly on his own life and family.TRACK NOTES--SIDE ONE - #1: because of frigid Massachusetts winters, Dr. Naismith creates an indoor sport and plays one-on-one with Willie the janitor; #2: How Bill would handle the electric chair, a gun in his face, a falling plane, a crashing elevator, war; #3: the difference between potty training boys and girls; #4: marital discord and the honeymoon; #5: rotten tomato on a string and filling a hole with waterSIDE TWO - #1: interrupted while watchingGUNSMOKE; #2: intestines of the pig and brains & eggs; #3: driving past an oil refinery while on a date; #4: coach wants him to knock down a player twice his size; #5: turns in no homework and dad called into school.SIDE ONE:[4:20] The Invention of Basketball[3:14] Survival[1:39] Ennis' Toilet[2:06] Bill's Marriage[6:47] Bedroom SlippersSIDE TWO:[5:26] "Froofie" the Dog[2:22] The Lower Tract[0:55] Sulphur Fumes[2:28] Football[6:23] Slow ClassTOTAL TIME: 37:42
I grew up on Cosby's classic 60's Warner LP's (had 'em ALL! Still do! In the process of replacing them all on CD). I came of age in the 70's with the UNI titles which were ALWAYS topical in their day. I have NEVER heard a Cosby album from ANY period that I didn't LOVE! I bought them ALL when I could squeeze together the money to buy 'em. My comedic sensibilities were determined by Bill Cosby. I absolutely loved this set at it's time and I still think it holds up. You have to remember this was NOT the 60's! Things had changed in both America AND comedy (look at the HAIR!). Bill's family (not his childhood) was now his source of comedic inspiration. An earlier reviewer felt that Bill was running out of material. DEAD WRONG!!! Bill's world could and still does endlessly provide for great material. Just because it's not YOUR personal experience or taste does not mean he can't or doesn't bring an hilarious viewpoint to it. This album was a great example. "Froofie The Dog" was one of my personal faves; Bill recounts a negotiation with his daughter to share a TV during the time her favorite shows airs. Of course Mom, Camille, must make the final judgement. What a great punchline; "Now I'm watching 'Froofie The Dog'..."
This is really the best recording I have been able to find after looking around quite a bit.Unfortunately, someone in the room, or perhaps Sir Davis God forbid, was talking during the recording and you can hear a faint mumbling of the lines during arias and humming during orchestral sections.
For a work this well known, this performance is very well done. Both the soloists and choir's efforts were equally well presented. This shows the talent of the Conductor.
This CD will only interest the most die hard of HP fans. I LOVE HP so it was a wonderful buy for me. My only small complaint is that I downloaded it on my phone and the quality isn't that great.Otherwise, it is a fun holiday CD.
Really enjoyable CD of what a brass band should sound like at christmas. Nice ensemble work! Already in my A list rotation of Christmas CDs for this and upcoming seasons.
This collection of Christmas music has many familiar tunes and some new sounds.  The voices are young and well blended.  I keep one in my car for getting into the holiday mood and have sent one to my sister to enjoy.  The sound brings back memories of my days in chorus when the parts are learned separately then the moment comes when all of the voices sing.  It lifts my spirit.
Only two of the songs on this album are actually 'Christmas' songs, but if you like Glen Miller and Big Band songs - you may not care. This is an enjoyable listen with old favorites that can be enjoyed at any time of the year.Since 'Christmas' is in the title and there's more non-Christmas than holiday music, I took a star off my review. Despite this, the recordings are good, and as always, Glenn and his boys are doin' their thing with some swing. That alone makes for a Merry Christmas doesn't it?TIP:  If you are getting this through Amazon Prime Music, be sure to get the current Amazon Music apps. If you have the older Amazon Cloud app, you may not be able to view songs and albums you put on your playlist. With the new app for iOS, I was able to download songs to my device to take with me to enjoy later.Here's the Android app:Amazon MusicforKindle Fire HDX 7", HDX Display, Wi-Fi, 16 GB - Includes Special Offers, smartphones and tablets.
NYC will never be the same after JIM. Three squirrels and a goth chick can change your perspective, and you don't have to be afraid of getting too dark.
I'm a terrible runner but want to get into better shape so I decided to download this program.  I've only started week 2 but I see an improvement in my running ability already.
I'm not a big fan of the "Tabernacle Choir" or "Jolly guy singing around the fire" kind of Christmas music, so when I heard a selection from this collection, I was curious. Needless to say, my curiosity made me buy this collection of fine remixes of classic Christmas tunes.... and look, no barking dogs.....
Personally, I can't stand either the typical "classic" Holiday music, or the pop remakes of it.  So, in order to get in the Holiday Spirit, I have a bunch of the electronica-techno-electro-whatever-you-want-to-label-it Holiday Music.Just picked this one up this year, and, compared to the others in my collection, I like it a lot.  There are a couple of tracks I don't care for, they go a bit "too eclectic" for me, but overall, and especially for the price, this is a good one to own if you want to add some new tunes to your techno-holiday music collection.
Happy Wife happy Life.Good clean fun. this is one of our favorite comedy albums. It is good start to finish. Everyone every age will love this one
This is a good song for the following people:1) Monty Python fans (Idle was the musical force for them)2) Those who saw "Monty Python: Almost The Truth" and were curious about what song Eric was singing at the end.3) Those who like Christmas but can't stand hearing traditional carols for one more minute.The song is short but entertaining. Great for adding into a Xmas music mix; it will liven things up a bit. This would also be good paired with Python's "Christmas in Heaven" from the "Meaning of Life" soundtrack. If you are a fan of good comedy and entertaining music, this is a good song to download.Plus, I don't think it is attached to any album at this time.
This is another reason to love Mike Birbigilbug. I hope he puts out another CD soon, he is hilaroius in an awkward kind of way.
I still have the original album, but worn because I played it endlessly as a youth.  I have tried to buy the CD version, but was never in stock.  The mp3 is welcomed.  The best way to listen is to close your eyes, turn up the volume, and let your imagination go with the dialogue.  For today's youth, they may not appreciate this as much as adults who once heard or owned it when young.  But for adults who like the monsters as children, this trip down nostalgia is a fun ride.
Despite no "Monster Mash," this has merit. Spooky, creepy, Halloween music fun for kids, and adults alike.
This was bought for a scout camp out and it kept them laughing and shaking for hrs. We have listened tothe stories many times.
From the very first of the CD you can instantly tell it is going to be a great investment. If I had to pick someone to tell me stories for the rest of my life, JR would be one of the top three people I would want it to be.
This is a very funny and clean comedy album. I would let my kids list to this particular album. A recommended album
This meditation is good on face value, but it should really only be used by someone who understands Mer Ka Ba mediation.  There is a lot to Mer Ka Ba that needs to be learned and this recording is fantastic to keep you on track.
Mono copies of Bob Newhart's fourth WARNER BROS. comedy album, THE BUTTON-DOWN MIND ON TV (1962, W/WS 1467) are on that company's gray label, with stereo discs on the gold.This LP documents Bob's first concert appearance after taping the final show of his self-titled NBC-TV variety series. For this performance recorded "live" at the Broadmoor Int'l Center in Colorado Springs, CO., Newhart selected some of the best routines he wrote for that program."SIDE" NOTES--ONE -- 1.) A phone all from Sir Walter Raleigh (aka "Nutty Walt"), who's just bought 80 tons of tobacco leaves. / 2.) Getting his cat "fixed." / 3.) He tries talking a very nervous man through disarming a ticking torpedo.TWO -- 1.) He's afraid of his friend Harry's monstrous watch dog. / 2.) Marketing a "fully-loaded" chariot, a bit inspired by his twice seeing William Wyler'sBEN-HUR(1959). / 3.) Two German soldiers ordered to wait in a bunker in 1945, argue 17 years later about whether the war is over, and who won.SIDE ONE[6:02] Introducing Tobacco to Civilization[2:04] The Siamese Cat[7:02] Defusng a BombSIDE TWO[7:01] A Friend with a Dog[5:24] General Chariot Corp.[5:27] The Hold Out HunsTOTAL TIME: 33:00
This CD is funny! Bob sets up a scene, then plays a single character reacting to all the other unseen characters. As usual, some characters are on the phone; ohters are talking to a friend or a comrade. There is a bit of the Madison Avenue advertising slant to some of the material that is still funny today. The only problem is that the entire CD is only a little over 30 minutes long.  Bonus tracks would have been much appreciated!
Brad Stine is hilarious and hits it right on the head. We have "wussified" our men in America and this needs to stop. Let men be who they are and quit trying to change their roles in society.
'Wussification' is a very funny comedy routine that focuses on some of the absurdities of political correctness.Like all good comedians, Stine can take virtually any routine situation and turn it into a joke. The main difference is that Stine is able to get laughs without foul language, which is such a rarity in comedy these days. He is also very open about being Christian and conservative. He is a fan of America, not an America basher.He has very funny routines on such things as the banning of saying 'Merry Christmas' in many stores to male cheerleaders to Barney vs. Captain Kangaroo.If you have not heard Stine before, you are in for a treat.  I recommend this collection.
The Credibility Gap was the place where David L. Lander and Michael McKean (Lenny and Squggy of &#34;Laverne and Shirley&#34;) got their start, along with Harry Shearer (who with McKean made up half of &#34;Spinal Tap&#34;). They appeared on several California radio stations, doing sketches with the group's other members.Among my personal favorites on the album: &#34;Kingpin&#34; is a movie trailer for a cheap blaxploitation movie, with a dumb football jock playing Martin Luther King acting like Shaft. &#34;You Can't Judge a Book By its Hair&#34; is a dead-on impression of the Jackson Five, singing about conservative values like cutting hair and making money.Some of the bits haven't aged well. Their take on a Jerry Lewis-like figure promoting a telethon falls flat. And their piece &#34;Lance Learns to Box,&#34; with a gruff father throwing punches at his son - with it being perfectly obvious that the &#34;son&#34; is actually a frightened girl - sounds offensive to modern ears. But there's enough good on the album to make it a good addition to your comedy collection.
I am always looking for gifts like this for my spouse. I believe it will be a really nice Christmas gift.
:) It was a good cd.  My style of singing is not exactly like theirs, but the cd quality is great.
Recorded only a few months after hisdebut albumbrought a surprising burst of public acclaim, writer/producer Allan Sherman recorded his second album of song parodies. As on his first, Jewish-American characters and life are primary subjects of his humor, but he also branches out in multicultural parody on the album's cleverly written and popular "Mexican Hat Dance," and winningly recasts the Dixieland "Won't You Come Home Bill Bailey?" as the intellectual "Won't You Come Home, Disraeli?" As with his debut, this was recorded in front of a small, hand-picked studio audience in an intimate party-like setting. Sherman and his conductor Lou Busch play the live audience as much as the songs, leaving space for the uproarious laughs and hanging onto punch lines for maximum effect. Also similarly to the debut, Sherman's everyman voice is backed by Busch's serious arrangements, giving the humor of the lyrics an extra measure of silliness. This second helping isn't as deeply clever as the debut (which, to be fair, was refined over several years in impromptu performances that Sherman made at parties), but it shows that Sherman wasn't a one-hit wonder and set the stage for his third and greatest album later the same year. Collectors' Choice straight-up reissue includes new liner notes by Dr. Demento. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
The first record that I ever bought was Allan Sherman's "My son, the Folk Singer" (OK, it WAS a strange choice for an 8-year-old.  But it was hysterical.  And so is this record that my parents bought a few months later.  Some of the material is obviously dated (nobody under 50 knows what Green Stamps were) and some a little strange (such as his interpretation of "Night and Day", complete with with punctuation - I can't even hear that song without imagining where the punctuation goes).Unlike My Son the Folk Singer, where being born and raised a New York Jew helps, Gentiles won't miss the punchlines in this album.
Great songs that I remember from my childhood!  (Even my teenagers enjoy of the humor, despite the fact that some of it is a bit oudated.)
It's fun songs that my 3 year old and 6 year old just love.  It makes them laugh and enjoy brushing their teethes.  I would recommend these songs for anyone looking for some kid friend music that are so simple that the kids will be able to sing along with.
First, let me state that I love this book!  I'd read it many years ago, and wanted to refresh my memory on the concepts, so I got this audio version.  I immediately began to notice the mispronunciations that so many reviewers had mentioned.  Then I began to notice a consistency in the types of mistakes made. I started to suspect that this wasn't a real live human narrator, but my suspicions were confirmed when I noticed the narrator never takes a breath!Besides that, there's no narrator listed at all in the credits. All that being said - this information is just too valuable to me to let the mispronunciations thwart me, but I can see why it would be very bothersome to others.I have to say though that this computer-generated narrator is far superior to the kind you hear when you make customer service calls to various companies nowadays, like the ones who say "Thank you so much for your call, it's been a pleasure speaking with you today." Really, it pleased you??? But I digress (just a pet peeve of mine) :DEnjoy!
Someone must have heard the complaints about the lousy narration on this album and remedied the issue, because the narration is fine in my opinion; I wouldn't have given the quality of narration a second thought if I hadn't first read the negative reviews.I read this book years ago and wanted a "refresher" that I could listen to on my ipod. Excellent info and content. If you want info on why you do the things you do (esp the things you DON'T want to do), this book does a good job of explaining why and how to change. Very glad I got this.
I first heard of Maureen Washington last year on Myspace.  Lovely music.  Highly recommend.
This is a good meditation CD, relaxing with good visuals. In about an hour and a half she takes you through the entire birthing experience. This will help give me good visuals during labor and delivery. Most importantly, it will give me practice!
These songs are ok. I wouldn't say they are the best available but they are cheap and do help which is the most important thing.
Some may be offended by a few bits, but it's always great to hear this genius pushing the envelope. I just wish &#34;Humor Seen Through the Eyes of Jonathan Winters&#34; was available. That was his best LP.
This is a nice nod to many of the more humorous aspects of superheroes with a distinctly Silver & Bronze age feel to it. I enjoyed it and am happy to have added it to my personal music library.
I wish I could see this on stage.  It's a musical poking fun at comic book superhero cliches, while reminding us why we like them.  The story is clear without any visuals.  Like the movie "Mystery Men", after the real superheroes are taken out, the only one left to save the world is a good-hearted but unlikely wannabe.  Yet who couldn't cheer for a hero named the Waffler? "It's battering time!"
This is my first audio yoga class purchase, and I am pretty happy with it. Although it takes some time to get used to the pace and the background music, the overall experience is pleasant. It's a very easy workout, if you know how to do basic postures, you'll be able to follow easily. The pace is sometimes uneven - too quick at one moment, too slow at another, but it's a minor drawback. Overall, although I don't think it can replace a collective yoga class experience, it's a nice companion for your at home practice. By the way: the 45 minutes quick yoga practice isn't worth it - it lacks the warming up and the final relaxation, that, to me, are essential - I recommend to purchase the whole package.
Can't speak much for the actual content because I could never stay awake long enough to actually hear it through. That said, I love it because it helped me fall asleep during a very rough stage of pregnancy. :)
I am using this cd in hopes of having a relaxing home birth. I've used hypnobirthing in one other birth and it worked really well. It shortened my labor and made it much easier to cope. I used the mongan method before, but was unable to use those cds during my labor because her voice is so bloody annoying. This woman's Australian accent and tone of voice is extremely relaxing. It's easy to let myself fall into deep relaxation while focusing only on what she is saying. There are no crazy visualizations like, &#34;look at those dolphins over there&#34; it is mainly affirmations to overcome fear and breathing techniques and instructions for the actual labor. The only thing I would like to be different are the words, &#34;contractions&#34; and &#34;labor&#34;. The mongan method doesn't use these harsh terms as they bring fear into the mind. Hopefully by the time my baby comes, the fear will be affirmed away. :)
I only recently discovered Marv Ellis,  fantastic Rap/Hip Hop artist.  I haven't yet decided to purchase this title,  I bought his other 3 titles, all of which I love, though I definitely feel his 2 most recent offerings, Mental Picture Machine and Shadows Mean Light, are by far his masterpieces.
While a lot of this material is recycled from previous albums, the new stuff from his foray into musical theater on Broadway is hilarious!
So funny. He does it again. Still wish I could buy the entire show and see him performing. That would get him 6 stars even though I can't put that there. Can't wait for the next album!
Quality is excellent for the age of these broadcasts. They don't write scripts like this any more.  Great variety of stories.
I am happy with my purchase. Some of it I just don't care for, much is simply okay, or merely historically interesting--Humphrey Bogart as Hotspur. . . it is a stretch for me to hear Sam Spade battling Prince Hal and impossible for me not to imagine, trench coat and all.Much Ado:Leslie Howard and Rosalind Russell are delightful in Much Ado About Nothing. She holds her own with the noted Shakespearean actor.About the broadcast itself: you don't have to listen to endless commercial breaks. It is a rebroadcast of a 1937 performance. There are two small flubs in the lines, neither of which bothered me. There is also a bit of background noise at times, also not distracting. Other cast members are trained Shakespearean actors. It is a truncated version of Much Ado. To shorten the script, the fine-voiced announcer cuts in and explains the action. That I did find irritating, as I did not always agree with his assessment.I wish I could hear this cast do a full version.
This is a very relaxing cd, I gave it to my brother while he had to go through chemo and he said he put it on every time he was in his truck going to work, his 3 children ages 7-11 always asked him to play it when they went for rides too. Recommend this for those that are going through a tough illness. I had a cd similar to this one in 1990 while I was doing chemo, and it gave me such a peace to be reminded that God is in control and has me in the palm of His hand. Give this to someone you know that is troubled. Fast delivery right to my computer!
I thought it was good. A lot of things were common sense. But it is in one place and set out for you. So that is a good thing. I do not remember any break-through ideas, but a good review of realistic helpful ideas.
What a shame. I heard Carol of the Bells on Pandora, came here to buy and all I hear are bad digitally recorded versions of the songs. One can only imagine if the downloads you might buy here would be the bad version or good. I still may take a chance on it because I love guitar music in general and there aren't enough good Christmas guitar songs out there. Please Amazon, I am a big fan but fix these recordings! I can't believe the artist himself has not complained in 10 years! I'll give it 5 stars when the samples get re-recorded.
This was very handy to have on my iPod when our son was a newborn. It worked great to stop his tears and help him sleep. Sadly it stopped working once he got older, but I think any trick you do to get them to sleep they will eventually outgrow. It saved my sanity many times in the early months.
This is a good recording of her her voice and information is great. The music is so loud it's hard to hear her. I gave 4 stars as it's not the fault of the artist. i do thin it should be corrected. i listened to about half and got a headache.i deleted it and i hate it for being so good but too loud.
This was recommended by a friend. It is helpful for preparing to meditate. I enjoy the very soothing music and sounds.
I heard Bradley years ago at a local show. I'd always meant to buy the album and kept forgetting. Finally, I was talking with someone about him the other day and made a point to go buy it immediately afterwards. I still enjoy the poetry. It isn't the best in the world, but it is fun, sincere, and occasionally poignant.
I was upgrading my cassette collection when I came across a cassette of 2nu's first album. &#34;Ponderous&#34; was the single that became a hit back then, and I remember it well. As I was looking to replace the cassette with a CD or MP3 album, I discovered this Best-of collection of 2nu&#8230;including songs from their second album that I wasn't aware of. It contains most of the songs I enjoyed from the first album along with a few tracks from the second album. Perfect solution for me!2nu mixes instrumental music with a spoken narrative and supporting sound effects that often tells a story. The beats can be infectious and the stories often have a comedic touch. It's definitely unique. My favorite tracks include &#34;Ponderous&#34;, &#34;Her Name&#34;, &#34;Spaz Attack&#34;, and Count 'em up Queek&#34;.
Listened to this over Thanksgiving with the in-law. Everyone had a good laugh! Might be a bit dated for the younger hipper audience but I got the jokes and I'm in my late thirties.
There wasn't many too chose from so I downloaded this on my trip to Philly. A little quirky but gave good directions(a map is a must to go along with it). It covered most of the Historical sites and gave some good insight. If you decide to go without a tour guide then this would be very helpful.
I always thought of Mary as being very different from a regular person. This musical shows a side of her that I've never thought about, but could be true. She must have had the same feelings and issues as any unmarried girl from a very religious family would have today. No one talks about Mary's mother either, but she had one! Interesting thoughts about what her mother's reaction would have been to her pregnancy. While some of the dialogue was a bit "corny", it did make me think and challenge my preconceived ideas. The music was very moving. I especially liked how the author brought it all together in the finale.
I really love the song Carol of the Bells.  Rick plays so beautifully.  The song is one of my favorite Christmas carols and is one of the most beautifully written Christmas songs of all time I believe.  Every version I have heard is beautiful. There is something beautiful about the bells.  Ricks interpretation on piano is absolutely amazing. I am a new fan.
Mark Sherman is a pretty well known humorist (and retired psych professor) in New York State's Mid-Hudson Valley region.  It's nice to see his CD available to a national market, although it's doubtful he'll generate mucho sales beyond the area. For one thing, when your opening track is called &#34;New Paltz Blues&#34;--when only a very few people BEYOND New York State (and maybe even not all that many IN New York State) have ever even heard of that burg--you may find that you're limiting yourself to local sales.  On the other hand, I'm guessing that's pretty much what Prof. Sherman expected, and whatever out-of-state sales he actually picks up is so much gravy.Sherman taught as SUNY New Paltz for four decades, so it's somewhat natural that he'd pen an ode to his current &#34;home town.&#34;  Just as logical is the fact that several of his other tunes,  including the title track, have to do with teaching and/or psychology.  Most are quite amusing, and clearly the audience at the live event at which this was recorded is having a real good time.  Of course, the recording might be a different story--and kinda is.  The lengthy stage banter (not nearly as witty as the songs) drags things down a tad and does not really encourage multiple listenings.Still Mark Sherman is a funny enough guy, and while some of his material and stage patter evokes, say, early 70s Woody Allen, he is able to carve out a comic identity for himself--to say nothing of a musical one.  I haven't heard much about Mark in recent years.  I hope he's still writing and performing.  I'd go see him again if he came to a town near me.
I like it but I can't really say why. It's weird but relaxing. The ideas, sounds and lyrics are all rather odd.
I'd suggest you look for some of his newer stuff elsewhere. The only song I really liked from this pack was the last track.His more recent work is much better, including his alter-ego's podcast, "Who Charted?"
Accurate audio reproductions of the songs you know and love from TAEASGJ. Drive your dune buggy to the municipal parking lot by the beach, pay the $6 parking fee, hang on to the roll bar and blast this out for an instant party.  Be sure you can tell the difference between beach-goers and drunk, homeless beach dwellers before you invite someone into the front seat to control the sound system.
Awesome Record, Great Songs! is a fine collection of music from Tim and Eric's hilariously bizarre sketch show on Adult Swim.  There's a ton of stuff here, almost any song you can think of from the first couple seasons, and there sure are a lot of them.  Everything from the Kid Break songs the David Liebe Hart's duets with his dummies to jingles from the different commercials and shows is featured, with many of them extended beyond what you hear on the episodes.  The full version of "Doo Dah Doo Doo" for example is even more disturbing, and truly worth a listen.  Towards the end of the album they also get into some really cool things like remixes featuring bits that didn't make the cut and alternate versions of songs by bands like The Shins.  Music is a much bigger part of the show than one might even realize at first, and any fan of Tim and Eric's antics should get this compilation.  Every track is either funny, legitimately catchy, or both.
This interview was done by a well known Waits reviewer infact pieces of this interview was quoted in at least 2 books written on Waits so there's good worthwhile conversation.  I'm wondering how many times will one listen to this interview in a course of a lifetime...i will say Waits is very funny and engaging...so what can i say if your interested in his work and what makes this man tick you might want to spring for the money to download this...the sound quality at times is a struggle as it sounds like they're in a restaurant with a cassette tape running as they do the interview...but you can hear every word but there's just nuances throughout but it might provide color.
a few good short stories, its not Isaac's best work but its good stuff none the less beep beep beep
Better than expected!  The sounds are realistic and not annouying as some nature sounds" recordings can be. Recommend.
I have this thing where I HAVE to have a steady, quiet background noise in order to fall asleep. Additionally, there is some sort of mechanical noise that I often hear at night in one of the walls of our bedroom (we live in an apartment). Normally we'd just turn on an oscillating fan, but the mechanical noise isn't quite masked by the fan and drives me insane. I prefer rain tracks but my bf finds that they interrupt his sleep. We decided to try this track out and it works out well for both of us. I gave it 4 stars and not 5 because I don't think it's as nice as the rain track, but the fact that both of us can sleep at night is nothing to sneeze at.
I was first introduced to the Porter Music Box music at the Inn at Christmas Place in Pigeon Forge, TN.  They play this type of music continuously in the lobby.  My wife and I had a great stay there and wanted to bring some of the music home with us to remember it by.  After previewing many of the albums, this one reminded me most of the music they played there.  There are a few songs that have intermittent fast "twinkles" (for lack of a better word) that are slightly annoying, but overall a very pleasant album.
I'd never heard of Noel Freidline, but I'm really impressed.  It's very well done Christmas jazz.  I don't have many Chrismas Jazz recordings, and I'm glad I have this.  It's got one of the few recordings of &#34;Deck us all with Boston Charlie.&#34;  Pogo, we miss you.
We enjoyed Kevin's presentation on the history of bag pipes (at a local library) and were impressed with his playing each of the instruments, with great stories of his travels and meeting other pipe enthusiasts and even thought bag pipe music has often seemed grating, he made it great.I like the album for its three folk stories but still guess that this is not everyone's idea of fun.
I only recently started listening to this and really like the music and the affirmations on the cd.  The only issue I have is that sometimes the music drowns out his voice so it is hard to hear him clearly.  As far as creating abundance - only time will tell.  I would recommend this to a friend.
I had been looking for a rain on a tin roof recording for some time and this is the first one I've been able to find.  It is very nice and relaxing, good for sleeping, the only issue that keeps it from 5 stars is the price.  $8.99 is waaay too much, even at over an hour, but as this is the only one readily available of any quality so I was stuck with it, just cringed a bit when buying.
This recording is not labeled as "abridged," but there are short passages omitted. I do not know "Gatsby" all that well, but already I have noticed that, in Chapter 1, when Daisy asks Nick if the people miss her in their hometown, and he tells her "the whole town is desolate," we are missing the comical next sentence about all the cars having their "left rear wheel painted black as a mourning wreath." And if this weren't bad enough,  the following scene on the porch, where Daisy asks, "Why Candles?" and she "snap[s] them out with her fingers" is also gone. This omission wouldn't be much of a problem, except that later it makes no sense to have Nick remembering "the candles being lit again, pointlessly." It makes Fitzgerald appear to have forgotten to proofread.If I sound like an insufferable prig, maybe I am, but I'm also an English teacher, and I might want to use the recording to get the kids who just won't read at least exposed to the text; but it can be confusing if they have to skip something and then find their place a line or two lower. (It's surprising the things that will confuse students.)I only noticed these omissions because I recently began reading the book again. It makes me wonder what else is left out, and if it's important or will become important to my teaching of the book. An author doesn't write a passage for no reason.
Great and very relaxing voice. I could listen to her for hours. Very soothing. Amazon hit the nail on the head when they recommended this recording
Keyboardist Pete Levin boasts an extensive background in jazz, pop, and session work, having collaborated with the likes of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Gil Evans, Miles Davis, Annie Lennox, Jaco Pastorius, Pieces of a Dream, and many others.  Side fact:  Levin's bass-playing brother Tony claims an equally impressive performance roster, most famously with King Crimson.)  Ali Ryerson carries a catalog of about a dozen albums of occasionally Brazilian-flavored jazz flute.  Meditation is a stylistic stretch for both musicians, although Ryerson's work with the late guitarist Joe Beck hinted at this tranquil turn.  Warning:  jazz purists should probably stop here.  Fans of Michael Hopp&eacute; / Tim Wheater recordings will understand why Meditation's titles of "Transcend," "Imagine," "Reason," and "Reflect" are merely labels.  All four 15-minute tracks blend floating drones, fluted moons, and fleeting wakefulness.  Levin's languid key pads cushion Ryerson's softly piped lines, creating an aural curtain perfect ... for closing off ... the day's ... win ... doze ... zzz ...
Rusty and Mike.I first heard these 2 on the beachin Gulf shores @ the Flora Bama. They were the attraction. I have let people getting over a divorce borrow my cd  and  they thanked me. "Take your arse to walmart Home boy, They'll take anything back.  "  I still Laugh @ all of  the music. Enjoy with a cold  brew.Captain Makers Mark!
if I had I not been goin' through some s*** when it came out-I would have been up on it...#TBT
The ability to hear from the man himself in an unedited collection is priceless.  A must for anyone that wants to know more about the man and judge him for yourself.
As my title said, I'm impressed. When seeing a teen at the age of 17 you usually seen them on Disney Channel singing songs or acting out situations that involves very young children. You definitely don't seen them singing songs that have suggestive manners or topics that are considered explicit. This explicit isn't the usual rap that you here about guys wanting to have sex with girls and the way their body looks like with just beats that occur in the background and the lyrics of the songs show an IQ of a 10 year old with a potty mouth. His lyrics actually show a vocabulary that ranges in his age and the lyrics are even witty. You actually have to listen to the song and know all the innuendos if you actually want to get the song. I mostly recommend this for at least 15 year olds and up. Any younger and it becomes awkward when listening to and it's just well.. inappropriate.Anyways,Keep up the good work Bo.
I first commented on a review of this album by B. Swenson, entitled "Anyone can be 'funny' if they are crude."Because of this person's fairly hateful review, I bought the album!And it's GOOD!  It's a very impressive first album from an 18 year-old kid who, by my research, wasn't even looking at comedy as a career!Bo has really good timing, and he reminds me a lot of Stephen Lynch, which I hope he would take as a compliment!Good luck with your career, Bo!
I first heard the CD and learned of this group while on a recent trip to Louisiana.  This is beautiful music from a very talented and award-winning group so should be more readily available.  Since the CD was not available on Amazon, I purchased the MP3 version instead and have been very happy with it.  Some of my favorites are the songs featuring the female vocalist, Megan Brown, such as: Marie Has Died, Beautiful Louisiana, and I Had a Dream Last Night.  You don't have to be a serious fan of Cajun music to appreciate this "album", and I am the proof.
I have to admit I have not been particularly into  some of IASOS other works,but I have found this to be very effective in using it as background music for massage(I also have stereo of digitally recorded sounds of a babbling brook in the massage space as well).It has been the most requested CD in My practice in the month since I bought it.Its very repetitive,but the gentle bells are soothing and succeed in getting you into a deeply relaxed state.The combination of this CD and the babbling brook in the background really takes the experience to another level.An unexpected pleasure.
Scott Hansen is a pretty funny comic, no doubt about that, and this album is worth picking up if you're looking for a new stand-up album that you haven't already heard or seen a dozen times on Comedy Central.This was originally recorded in the mid 90's, as a part of series of "The Comedy Gallery Presents" recordings featuring some prominant comics from the Mid-West. Hansen's album was the strongest of all the recordings. Most of his material is regards to life in the Mid-West, particularly Minnesota. Being 15 years old, not the material holds up, but most of his jokes about the people, weather, and food of the region are still pretty funny. It's not the most intellectual humor, but it's good folksy kind of material that Jeff Foxworthy fans would appreciate, albeit a bit dirtier. Definitely worth adding to your digital collection.
It's hard to relate to much of the Word. John Eldredge (however controversial) paints an awesome picture of the Bible's characters. I really enjoyed Epic. It ended too quickly though.
Bert is a riot. I first heard him on a Comedy Sampler, and decided to download his records. The audio on this recording is TERRIBLE! It completely sounds like a bootleg of a show. In the latter part of the album you can actually hear a couple discussing something on the tape. This is only for fans who want to hear the stuff that isn't on Comfortable Dumb. His comedy is great, and I cannot wait to see him live. I want to stress that! But this recording could be remixed and re-released with the crowd being turned down a bunch.
Bert is just stupid funny.  I've enjoyed him from his many tv shows and podcast, and this special shows off his great material and great crowd work.  Very enjoyable.
Having first heard MC Frontalot 5 years ago at the Penny Arcade Expo in Seattle, I instantly fell in love with his music.First off, I do not typically listen to rap/hip-hop music, though my taste's vary with different genre's. Something usually has to grab me to make me notice it, and his music did.Being a geek/gamer myself, its really refreshing to hear music that isn't the same old re-hashed or copy of someone else's song. Artists like MC Frontalot, Cake, Great Big Sea, etc always seem to have the better music as it comes from the heart and don't seem to be in it just to make the bucks.So if you're wanting something different, refreshing, and alot of fun to listen to, check out his music.
With one of my favorite tracks on it (&#34;It is Pitch Dark&#34;) I had to get this CD. But most of the other tracks are excellent as well. I laughed outright at the &#34;skits&#34; (especially &#34;The Omg Skit&#34; and &#34;A Skit About Robots&#34;). Several other tracks rapidly became favorites including the title track &#34;Secrets From the Future&#34;, &#34;Bizarro Genius Baby&#34;, &#34;Forbidden Planet&#34; and &#34;I Hate Your Blog&#34;.The truth is, I have never been a fan of the hip-hop/rap genre. However, the first track I heard by Frontalot (&#34;It is Pitch Dark&#34;) really connected with something in me. It spoke to my nerdiness. Or my madness ... not sure which.
I'm not going to lie, I enjoyed Nerdcore Rising a lot better then this one, but both are worth it. I still believe that MC Frontalot is the best Nerdcore rapper out there. YTCracker is awesome as well.
I stumbled across Kill The Camera on myspace one day and decided to give the CD a try. The songs are really good and most every chorus is catchy as hell. You won't be dissapointed. The production leaves a little to be desired but most of the songs make up for it. The disc has 6 pop punk influenced rock songs and 1 ballad "Waiting For You". Check it out. I am glad I did!
Really like this one. I love when he does more of the rock pieces, than the country. That's what this on does. I don't like it as much as Onion (my fav CD of all time) but very good. 19 songs. a great buy.
We actually bought this album in July 2008 and I am just reviewing it now in October 2009.  I was downloading something else, and it apparently triggered a search for this in my old downloads.  This album has 26 songs, but only up through number 12 were downloaded when I bought it originally.  We loved them, and had no idea only half the album had downloaded: until now.  This is not Ken L's problem, but Amazon's!!  We went to listen to one of the second half songs today and found out they were never downloaded.  Now, Amazon says it is too late for us to get the other half of the songs we PAID FOR over a year ago.  Seems very messed up to me.These songs are awesome though, and we love Ken's children's music, and his family environmental music.  When you really listen to his lyrics, they make sense on several levels at once.  besides being catchy tunes that are fun to sing, there is almost always a message about tolerance, growing up and maturing emotionally, the environment, or just plain silly fun.  Thanks for all the great music, Ken.  We adore you.  While you would never "take us to your Cleaner's", Amazon unfortunately has, in this case.
On the spectrum of Koyczan's works, APDCMC ranks a little less polished than Remembrance Year, but portends of the coming greatness. In all, Koyczan makes a pretty decent masterpiece.
For those unfamiliar with Algae this collection is the full load meaning it includes all his commercial releases and some unreleased tracks  under the title of his never recorded full length album.It covers material from the band Afterbirth that he was frontman for to his solo named stage to his final days with Playpen.I rated it so highly because if you are a fan it has the song you want!Algae is a member of the New England Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame and back in the 80's and early 90's his various bands delivered his unique Diaper Rock that has elements of metal &#34;Medical Waste&#34;, punk &#34;I Reject&#34; reggae &#34;Baby Rasta&#34; rockabilly &#34;Baby Elvis&#34; and more even his Hip Hop Diaper Rap &#34;Mini Golf&#34;.Experience one of the most creative artists or one of the most bizarre, you be the judge as you enjoy it!
Although some of the material is now a bit dated, the whole thing is funny enough to recommend. I especially liked Bob Smith's &#34;Pass the Gravy&#34; track about coming out & his conservative family.
This product is not bad, its just not what I thought.  I thought there would be more "teaching," its mostly a conversation which in nice but considering the short length of the entire album you just wanted a little more.
While this is a great Christmas album I was a bit disappointed with the several cuts that included instruments.  I am a barbershop purist and purchased this album thinking it would be traditional barbershop -- sung acepella.  But a good album, nevertheless.
There is no consistently better male choral group than the Vocal Majority.  This album is a few years old and pretty conventional in its content and harmonization, but executed flawlessly.  The mp3 download quality suffers a bit but that is to be expected in mp3. There are only 9 songs, fewer than normally expected, but one of them is a rather lengthy medley and another is more than 6 minutes long.  The album itself is getting harder to find, so the download version might get to be the only option soon.
There are some clicks and pops in some of the songs but I really like the music.There are three more words required here but I already said all I want to say.
I was looking for some nwe jazz Christmas music and stumbled onto this one.  I grew up listening to Brubeck, so it was a natural choice.  A nice addition to my holday music collection.
Good collection, lots of artists and different songs. Soooo relaxing and will keep your evenings spirited as you host friends in anticipation of the Christmas season. Recommended.
This is an enjoyable album of praise music and lyricsvery much like my favorite 3 albums by the musicalgroup &#34;City on a Hill&#34;.
if your a fan of dirt nasty or mickey avalon you will not be dissapointed with andrelegacy very well put together tracks and you cant beat it for the price too i found myine used on amazon for like [...] bucks pennies on the dollarfor filthy rymes a must have!
I got this bacause i liked a few of his songs and wasnt disapointed. Good cd if you like groups like dirt nasty, micky avalon and lmfao.
it is so nice to have my Christmas music with me on such a small device. i was use to having the cd player. Now I can listen on the go.
Ahh Aunt Esther. She a nasty b***h. Talks dirty, tells raunchy jokes. If you like Redd Foxx, you will probably like her.
I am not sure why Jim David didn't record this album from one performance instead of piecing together different segments from different venues.  There's really no reason for it.  David is hilarious, fast-paced, and professional.  He has creative dirty jokes that make the audience cringe and laugh, and he has serious concerns (especially about the rights of homosexuals) that he expertly twists into funny jokes and stories.  I sometimes feel like David springs his sexual orientation on audiences, but he plows through the next few jokes and clears the air.  All in all, this is a very good album, and I will definitely listen to more of Jim David in the near future.
This is a great walking tour of Cape May, NJ.Down load  the map that goes with the recording.Load this into a iPod or similar.Then stroll the streets of Cape May and learn what you are walking past.Without this tape I would have seen building and not understood their place in history.I saw many tours riding by me as I walked, but I could take my time and really look at each item, I set the pace, I could stop and look at the details of each building, I could rewind the sound instead of straining the hear the tour leader.Helps make an enjoyable afternoon
We made a last-minute plan to visit Cape May, and wanted to see the interesting architectural and historical sites.  This was a convenient and informative walking tour.  I loaded mine up on my Palm Pre, and my traveling companion loaded hers up on her iPod.  Worked well, great concept.
I had lots of fun with this at a halloween party.  Everyone kept saying how creepy the music was!  Well worth the money.
This was originally sold as an "all profits go to charity" deal, but I don't know if it still is.  These guys do a very funny and informative Northern California radio talk show.  They're not right wing talking heads or crazy leftists, but are mostly about common sense and hilarity.  If you do an online search you can probably find their website to learn more.  Anyway, this collection of funny segments on the show is pretty good, not great, but good.  There are a lot of things they could have put on that would have been much funnier than some of their choices, but overall it works.  I'd suggest giving it a try.
Okay, so I am the artist, but I wanted anyone looking to buy this to know that it received a Silver Honors Award from Parents' Choice.  I had a great time making this CD and I hope it comes across when you listen to it.  There are four stories from around the world with original music to break it up giving a total of 60 minutes of pleasure.  The stories are best suited for those aged 4 and up, but I have many adults enjoying my CDs.  It is a little like a story version of a Dan Zanes cd.  Adults enjoy listening to the stories as much as the kids whilst driving and the CDs have had the effect to quieten a car ride - come on, if that doesn't make you buy this what will!  Anyway, what better way to spend time than listen to stories with or without kids. If you like you can find out more about me at diamondscree dot com.  I would like to have given this CD five stars, but my ego wouldn't let me!Peace,Simon
Since I first heard of Palmyra Delran on underground garage, I thought the band had a rough and under produced sound. They reminded me of the bands i used to see in the clubs in New Orleans back in the day. I don't think any of the tracks will be on the top ten playlist, but maybe that why I like the album.
I used these songs for a summer enrichment class on Australia for 6-9 year-olds.  The songs were very catchy and had great information for the kids.  These songs quickly got stuck in my head!  I highly recommend it!
STYLELush enigmatic compositions and breathy female vocals. The music on Shimmer is consistently soft and sensuous - low light nocturnes and crepuscular dreamscapes with a touch of cinematic grandeur. Piano phrases tinkle across smooth synthetic pads and broad sweeping strings; chimes and bell trees glisten in the shadows and whilst flutes, harp-like arpeggios and various programmed sounds build beguiling secondary themes that entwine the primaries. There are plenty of intriguing effects adding to the mystery and theatre of the music - recordings of spoken voices, airy swishes and light peripheral embellishments. Amethyste's singing is delivered in very different ways across the various tracks - beautifully layered into warm choruses of silken oohs and aahs, crystal and clear when delivering her colourful lyrics, heavenly or haunting, whispery or operatic. There is no doubt about is this is a singer that enjoys using the whole range of her considerable talent. Her passion pours through some songs - the soaring 'Stay' streaming fluid crescendo after crescendo into blissful dreaminess, 'Wandering Flame' wordlessly drifting and ethereal, 'Entre Ciel et Mer' smooth and elegantly restrained.MOODShimmer has an attractive otherworldly air about it, something of the magic of warm nights and fairy tale places. Everything has a slight soft focus, a richness of sonic hue that adds to the impression of story book nostalgia. A melancholy wistfulness touches many of the recordings here - lifted by an angelic grace that keeps the mood generally uplifting, positive. The dynamic delivery ranges from the delicate beatless 'Desire D'Amour' where the whole tracks feels something like an extended gentle interlude to the dramatic breakbeat driven downtempo of 'Always Running'. Music to close your eyes to - in imitation of the cover imagery - fill your mindspace with the luminous clouds of a summer evening, the imaginary scents of dense woodland glades, the imaginative sounds of Amethyste's inviting fantasy.ARTWORKShimmer comes as a dark jewel case presentation. The imagery and text throughout are black and white with just the slightest of hints of colour. On the front is a tightly cropped photograph of the Amethyste herself, eyes closed, a single bejewelled tear sparkling on one cheek, enshrouded in swirls of hair and night black. Here and there a star twinkles in the background, among the thickly layered tresses, within the focal teardrop. On the reverse, another closed eye portrait, this time in profile, delicate patterns painted in curves and curlicues across the singer's skin. To the left track titles are footed by writing credits and website details. Within is an eight page booklet of strong glossy card adorned with evocative images created by Amethyste. A whole page inside is given over to generous thanks, the centre spread containing a poetic phrase in summary of each track set out over a picture of a huge white bloom and outstretched hand. Another double page layout holds a final shut-eye portrait with the words "Let your dreams shimmer through your life..." hanging in the darkness.OVERALLShimmer is the second Amethyste album and follow up to the 2006 release Ethereal. The disc comes via the relatively new Bulgarian label AMAdea and can be found along with its predecessor on CD Baby as well as a number of other current musical outlets. The music on Shimmer is composed and performed by German Gunnar Spardel who initially encountered vocalist Amethyste through the internet. Around 2006 the pair began to collaborate seriously, exploring a range of styles from trance to ambient. Although continuing to work with a variety of approaches the fourteen pieces here are all wrapped up in a similar mystique, a unifying vision of vivid hue and sonic chiaroscuro.WHO WILL LIKE THIS ALBUMShimmer is very much akin to the musical vision of similarly named Amethystium - the shared atmosphere is likely to attract many of the same listeners. There are elements of new age and chill out - but in reality Shimmer isn't really of either of these genres, rather the album resides within that field of romantic musical alchemy explored by such artists as Aria, Blue Stone and Ronan Hardiman. Why not have a listen at the official Myspace page.
At first, LaPortes delivery threw me off guard.  I'm not big on slow talking, small town, 'blue collar' comedy, but my mind was quickly changed.  Rocky LaPorte does speak with the delivery of a goofball grandfather, but his dry delivery and warm audience riffing is very sharp and funny.  He's got such a genuine delivery, that it really brings you into the act.  You side with him instantly, something that is vital for an effective comedian.I'm glad word-of-mouth spread and caused me to pick this one up, despite not hearing it first.  Might be the first (mildly) explicit family comedy record.
I had been wavering between the original Nightmare Before Christmas and the Nightmare Before Christmas Revised when I came across this one - now I have the best of both worlds.  I don't like screamo type music so there are a couple tracks I just skip, but I generally love the whole thing.
Of course the first disc is classic, it has the entire original soundtrack and its just amazing.Now onto the second CD, it has all of the old songs but revamped. For me it is hit or miss with some of the bands. It starts off with Patrick Stewart who does the opening and closing monologues, I thought that was a great addition. Marilyn Manson singing "This is Halloween" was a surprise, I liked it. It had a much harder but not too hard rocker feeling to the song which was already creepy enough. I also liked Korn's "Kidnap the Sandy Claws", it is a huge change from the original one but it was unique. My favorite song was Rodrigo and Gabriella playing an instrumental version of the Oogie Boogie Song, I think it was brilliant. "Nabbed" by the Yoshida Brothers and RJD2's version of the "Christmas Eve Montage" was cool too. Most of my favorite songs were the instrumental versions, I don't like voices ruining a good original soundtrack.Throughout the entire second CD, some of the slower songs just bored me, All American Rejects and Amy Lee could have definately been skipped for this. So overall, its hit and miss. I listen to the first CD all the time, and I constantly skip the majority of the second CD.
I play this track as white noise at night to cover the sound of a loud stereo in the next apartment.  I know that it works because I sleep right through it.
When my daughters were little we listened to this constantly.  I loved being able to replace it after our car tape player &#34;ate&#34; our old copy.  I am disappointed that Twitty Bird is not the same voice as the original.  There are other subtle changes also.  I miss having the original but this is far better than doing without.
4 Out of 5 Doctors had so many things working against them that finding their two albums finally online is close to a miracle. They were a DC area band that saddles themselves with an absurd name. They came out at a time when a name like that pegged them right smack dab into the "New Wave" category...despite the fact that they were powerpop to their innermost Cheap Trickian hearts. Their 1980 debut album had an absolutely wretched cover that hid spectacular cuts like "Modern Man" and "Opus 10/I Want Her."But man oh whammo, even these roadblocks could not hide the fact that 4/5 Dr's debut and the 1982 "Second Opinion" were should have been smashes that got buried in the new wave glut. The band contained three ace writers in bassist/vocalist Cal Everett and guitarists Jeff Severson and George Pittaway, (along with drummer Tom Ballew) and there's nary a weak cut here. Like so many of the bands on CBS that got trapped on the many offshoot labels like Nemporer and Portrait, the Docs got brushed aside commercially when a little effort might have made "Heart On A Chain" or "Danger Man" into radio smashes.If you think of the multitude of great bands of the era that got sunk on second tier status (20/20, The Producers, The Sorrows, even The Romantics), it's a bit easier to understand how 4 Out Of 5 Doctors did the vanishing act. It does not make it forgivable. Now that these two albums have finally appeared in the digital realm, it's not too late to fill your power pop prescription. Word has it that the reunited Docs are prepping a vault full of unreleased material for the long wished for third album, so get in now. No HMO required.
The "Subliminal Compulsive Lying Aid" is a fantastic product.  Before buying this product I was lying all the time.  It was completely uncontrollable and was ruining all aspects of my life.  After listening to this for only one night, I stopped lying completly.  The next day, I bought stock in this company and within three months I was a multi-millionaire.  I have now married a super-mode.... no TWO super-models, and have a house in every major city in the US and in Europe.  Except for Lille and that's only because I don't want one there.  I also have developed ESP and can sense that you don't believe me.
I found this helpful but only give 4 stars because I haven't used it a lot and can't really be sure to give a 5 star.I used it in place of my inhaler and it helped tremendously. I also found it to act as a preventative.I really need to use this daily and see what happens.
I don't think I'd say this mp3 turned me into a genius, but I think it did up both my creativity and focus.The creator of BMV really knows what he's doing with binary beats, they always put me in a very pleasant state. I neither have complaints regarding his binary beats, nor his subliminals that always have fruitful results. Well, actually, I guess I do have one complaint about the subliminals--he doesn't list them on the product or on pages like this. I'd really love to know what they are, and he might get more customers that way.One thing that separates BMV from most subliminal/hypnosis CDs is that BMV does not require headphones for results, though the results are probably more advantageous when using headphones. With headphones, certain types of messages going in one ear and other types going in the other ear. Right brain/left brain. Makes sense.Anyway, since headphones arent required to attain benefits from BMV CDs, you can listen to them while you're asleep. And isn't sleep when the subconscious is really open and receptive? That is such a major perk for me, especially considering the average person spends about 1/3 of his/her life in slumberland. BMVs are a good use of that timeOkay, I usually give his tracks 5 stars but decided to give this one 4 because of the hyped title. Yes, as stated at the beginning of this review, this MP3 has definitely perked some aspects of my intelligence. That said, I am still not Mensa material after having listened to this religiously for a month. IMO, the title is a false promise and not deserving of 5 stars.As with any subliminal/hypnosis/guided meditation program, you should stick with one program for 30 days. They don't always mix so well and it's always best to keep things simple for the subconscious. After the 30 days, mix as you wish.Oh, one other thing. A good mantra that I learnt from the mega-classic Ultra Intelligence program is "Teach me to find and be the innate genius within me". I actually use that mantra with words other than genius and it does seem to be effective for me.Happy Meditations!
Soothing and able to concentrate on learning a new language.  Also, I use this type if music to sleep by.
Over an hour of Christmas music, impeccably played by New Zealander Kris Baines, which is a miracle in itself, considering that in 1998 he was diagnosed with Repetitive Strain Injury in both hands. This CD is evidence that the Lord has not lost his healing touch! The track list is as you'd expect for a Yuletide offering - "Silent Night", "Away In A Manger", "O Holy Night", "O Come All Ye Faithful", etc - and with Kris's sensitive and lyrical style, these old favourites do not (as many piano projects have done in the past, and doubtless many will continue to do in the future) descend into terminal cheesiness. Instead, they sound fresh and sparkling, making this an album that will continue to please for many Christmases to come.
Just when I thought that I had found the only song about geocaching (also by Rob Pearce) I looked at his album online and found this one (the other songs on his album were hard-core rap tunes?).  It is a little more country that "Don't Tell My Wife" with the slide guitar and twangy vocals but I really liked it!  If you are a geocacher then you know the pain of a DNF (did not find) and this song captures that emotion with a overly dramatic and humorous touch.  Very funny. This is now my favorite geocaching song (out of the only two that I know of!).
Man I really like these guys, they are extremely talented artists. "Say You Love Her", is hip-hop at it's best in my opinion, does not conform to any sort of mainstream standards in terms of sound or style. Quite the contrary, they definitely do their own thing, without sounding backpacker rap, or indie wannabe rap either. They are straight up artists, the two vocalists contrast one another perfectly. One of the two mc's has a sort of raw NYC style delivery, the other has a very progressive and original sound that is distinct and smooth. This album is a solid effort, nice beats, tight verses and solid hooks galore. I suggest you try and get your hands on some of their earlier work which I actually picked up at the library of all places. The Rotten Musicians sound may not be for everyone, though if you have eclectic tastes in music and hip hop I suggest you definitely check them out.
Talented poet and singer Aural Heather, also known as Heather Haley, stirs up emotive and mood evoking poetry with tantalizing guitar on her latest release "Princess Nut." This 10-track disc is driven with intense spoken poetry at its best. Haley's voice is strong and smooth and emits the quality of a powerful and dynamic speaker. Feel her tonality as her voice rises and falls with every nuanced word. Her partner, Roderick Shoolbraid, has an intense sense of deftly performing his edgy guitar works to complement these mysterious and stunning compositions. Together their forces unite to create a disc that is brimming with well-written words of poetry with musical harmony. The gruff guitar riffs steadily lead Heather's deep and sultry voice on "How to Remain" with interplay that is seductive and alluring. Mysterious in every aspect, "Poetess" delves into the realms of eerie and sinister vibes. If you're looking to hear an album that offers something a little different, then Aural Heather's "Princess Nut" should be on your must hear list as it is creative, mysterious, and flavored with touches of rock.[...]
Wonderful and some rather obscure Christmas tunes!  Les Brown's version of Let it Snow is worth the price of admission!
Maren, in her fourth recording release has released a solid product which embodies her steady progression as an artist. Well produced, heart-felt lyrics, and- agreeing with Randy Bachmann "she has the perfect voice"- it all makes you think that she should be playing huge venues and selling platinum. I have since bought "Not Today" and "Pretty Things" and have listened to them repeatedly.This is an artist you ought to know.Some of the best musicians are those under appreciated- and Ord falls squarely into that category. I had purchased her first CD "Waiting" after meeting her in 2000 and hearing her play a set in Salt Lake City. I bought "Waiting"- lent it to a friend and did not get it back. However,I was more impressed with her set- and that she is one of the nicest musicians I have ever met.She has blossomed since then. Listen to her music and hear for yourself.In "My True Love Gave to Me," Ord takes traditional Christmas carols and makes them her own in an easy listening, unique, and non-pretentious arrangements. Buy it. The five songs will go well in any Christmas shuffle. Funny, also, that the best track (of 5 great songs) of the EP is "The Gift of Sacrifice," and it is given away for free. Maybe there is a strategy in it all, as browsing through the free section of Amazon I found 'sacrifice' and it has led me back to a great artist I thought fell into obscurity years ago.Keep going, Maren. You have a gift. Thanks for sharing for Christmas.
I also bought 1, mile, It was great!! It pushes you. I don't think I pushed myself hard enough, but this does.I would buy this again!
I started running in a couch to 5k course approximately a year and half ago. I was needing something additional to keep me motivated and give me an additional push. These tracks are great. I load them on my blackberry and take it with me when I run. Because this is interval training- 5 minute (or more) runs with 1 minute (or less) recovery walks I can start it and run my route without having to look at my watch. I can also work on my speed or tempo and keep track of my time without checking my watch. The tracks are electronic keyboard music that has a nice beat and I can base my pace on the rythym if I want too.  Highly recommend-
I saw this band by chance opening for a headliner about two years ago, they blew me away live. This small EP is a gem.
A warm, fresh take on Christmas favorites. It has the feel of friends gathered 'round the fireplace with their instruments, some warm brandy and a gentle snow falling outside.
While I really do think the whole album is worth a listen, I would check out Boxing Love and Crush and then go from there.  These are both songs I have on my ipod and I listen to them all the time.  They are both "Flaming Lips Esque" with less contentious lyrics than the Lips were famous for.  (No Vaseline here.)  That said, there are some really great lines.  My favorite is in "Crush" and is the line about having crushed hands.  Simple and almost common sense but it conveys something more than common.  There is a lot of material here and I hope there is a second album in the offing.
This recording met the needs for use with people who are struggling with childhood traumas. The audio was much better on this recording than on previous purchases from other clinicians.
Well, I liked the tone in this MP3. It is using quite understandable approach to describe the feeling of depression. It makes outsider understands more about depressed people, especially how come they behavior the way they are. It is quite soothing experience to listen to the MP3.However, I bought it from iTune by $9.99. But the same thing sold here is $0.99. I guess for $0.99, it is quite good for its value. But for $9.99, I paid too much.
The Black Owls' music is hard for me to describe. I am first and foremost a punk rock fan, and while the sound of the Owls is not fast or heavy, it feels like it still carries with it a punk rock attitude. It reminds me at times of Richard Hell, and other times of Nick Cave's Grinderman projects. But most of the time, it is wonderfully impossible to categorize.  The lyrics have a stream-of-consciousness quality to them, and the instrumentation has a similar quality.Favorite tracks on this album are "Julias Morningstar," "We travel On the Backs of Whales," "Mr. Tornado," and the title track.
This is a departure for Red Mountain Music. First off, the songs are not old hymns put to new music. The musicians made the decision to maintain the original tunes.  Choosing to keep the original melodies makes the album more appealing.Secondly, Ashley Spurling is the only vocalist. A wise move. Spurling's vocals are flawless throughout. Her vocal talent is best showcased on the slow and quiet songs like "Let All Mortal Flesh Keep Silent" and "What Child Is This?" She communicates a certain longing with her voice, a sense that contributes well to the desire for redemption that marks the season of Advent.The only complaint I have with this album is that the group chose not to do what they do best: take an unknown hymn and introduce it to a new generation. I would have enjoyed one or two Gadsby Christmas songs thrown into the mix - songs unknown to most listeners and given new life on a RMC album. Instead, Red Mountain Church chose to play it safe with the classics.But let me say this: they do the classics well. The arrangements are creative enough to sound fresh, but not so creative that they get on your nerves. A true feat indeed in the crowded Christmas-music market today.
This is a great idea, but to get your pet truly used to the sounds of booming thunder and fireworks, you need to be able to play this CD through a sound system with bass that replicates the vibrations of thunder and fireworks.The sounds of barking dogs were realistic and caught my pup's interest, so it was a good test to see how well they handled it.The sounds of cats bawling didn't bother my dogs any, but sent my own cats over the edge.  They started bawling and crying and we had to turn it off.  That is a truly atrocious track that sounds like animal torture.With those caveats, this is a good idea and could provide some good desensitization if you have the right equipment.
Has just about all the sounds you need. I'm a service dog trainer and sound and sight desensitization is vital. Especially between the ages of 8-13 weeks.
Perfect for a party for all ages.  Not scary, just fun!  We mostly had kids under 10, but the adults loved it too.
I grew up with this album in the 1970s.  I'm glad to see it available via MP3.  I have many happy childhood memories of learning Hawaiian and especially the Hawaiian version of the Twelve Days of Christmas, which I learned before I knew the "traditional" version.  I'll take "one mynah bird in one papaya tree" over "a partridge in a pear tree" any day.
Nice return to a novelty classic: Homecoming Queen's Got A Gun, touched up with modern satire of a certain political figure and the news coverage surrounding her. Cute.
Bought this as a gift, for someone who is going through a test right now. They love it! They listen to it on a daily basis. Is is exactly what I was looking for and what they needed at the right time.
No, it's not TSO, but I would still recommend it to anyone who is looking for some standard christmas carols with a little bit of a symphonic rock flare. Don't get me wrong, I love TSO, but if you want to be familiar with all of the songs right off the get go, this is a neat album.
Yes, this CD was funny.  Not all tracks super-funny, but still good to listen to as a break from all the solemnity of the Christmas season.  Sung by what sounds like a bunch of aging frat boys, we get to see how beer can fit into the holiday spirit in so many ways...Definitely, one CD for many more Christmases.
I've liked Jay Graydon since "Airplay" in the 70's so I expected this to be good, and it is. These guys run with the cream of the LA session musicians on a daily basis. That's why it's such a surprise that they elected to use MIDI drums and bass for this CD (a cost saving, I'm sure). While I really like the songs and the arrangements, I can barely stand to listen to the MIDI bass and drums - they make it sound like a crappy demo with amazing overdubs. I'm hoping Jay and Randy see fit to come back and let some of their LA session guys re-do the drums and bass - that would make this CD a five star winner.
Scene 29 is worth a listen.  The lyrics, the chords and harmonies are clever.  The arrangements are simple, which is what you can expect from two musical geniuses casually creating is a home studio.  The musical structure definitely invokes Becker and Fagen, but without their obsessive polish.  If you expect Steely Dan, you will find this offering a bit thin.  If you take it on its own merits, you will be entertained.  This is a fun collection of jazzy songs with wicked guitar solos.  Enjoy.
Nice to hear a more traditional song, albeit with a somewhat new twist, definitely worth the download.
After listening to the whole song I found myself saying, "Very nice."  It made me want to see what his other songs sound like.
I love this album. All of the songs are well done electric guitar versions of Christmas classics.The only problem is that the entire album clocks in at just 18 minutes, so just as you are getting into it, it's over. That said, I'll find myself looping the album 2 or 3 times to get my fill.
this christmas album gave me the feeling of joy and happyness,music is lihjt and has a great beat ,would recommend this for a change of pase christmas albumn
Patrick gets back into a more rhythmic groove on tracks such as "Saragossa's Manuscript" and "Milan to Alessio Top Down" creating a perfect ultra-chilled soundscape.
Has a nice smooth setlist, mellow and interesting change up.Glad Amazon offers this music disc of Patrick OhHearn. If you like Patrick OHearn, you need this to complete you collection.
Nice for travel-along to listen to in car for short journey trips. Easy access for start/stop out and about days.
this is good album with some really stand out tunes. Theme from the iron horse, angels, poppin wheelies, and my personal favorite take out. Give it a listen, you wont be disappointed.
What I have to say mirrors the other positive reviews on this album. Johnny Law, Take Out, and Plan B are my favorites.
Pandora brought me here too.  I heard Johnny Law and stopped what I was working on to see who this was.  The entire album is great.  After giving this a listen for a while I'm looking forward to checking out the other albums.
I bought this and was not disappointed. Rivers sings with passion and brings the perfect Weezer Style album. My only complaint, they could have played ten songs and given me more! This also mixes well with my Crash Test Dummies Mix of Jingle All the Way. Great album, buy it! The bottom line is this is a great addition to your mp3 Christmas play list and adds a fresh sound to some old favorites. I also like the fact that they unapologetically sung songs about Christ.
About a month ago I said, 'Wouldn't it be cool if Weezer made a Christmas album?' Much to my surprise, through a search on Amazon, they had made one. Released in 2008 to apparently the notice of nobody, this little six-track nugget only clocks in at 15 minutes, but it's pure Weezer gold. Weezer doesn't really seek to add their own spin on it, and it does come out a little generic, but it's generic in the range of pop rock Christmas songs, to which there aren't many. Even people that hate Weezer will find this album to have at least a little bit of joy, and fans should be pleased as well. It's just straight-up Christmas songs, set to a pop rock sound. No more, no less, and it's gloriously short. Good job Weezer, I hope more people find this little nugget.
This is a great short album, especially at the price. There isn't anything jaw dropping or out of this world on it, but it is 100% the Weez.
Great album.  Only complaint?  Too short...  Not enough songs, people!  Put another few and I'll give it another star!  :-)
Full disclosure first: I used to sing with the Meddiebempsters, so I can't say I'm completely neutral, but I didn't sing on this CD, and didn't overlap with anyone who did, so maybe that makes my opinion count.Anyway, I think this is a genuinely enjoyable christmas album, especially as done by a student-led college group.  Typically, male college groups do a bit of a spoof of a christmas album, if one ever gets done at all (Christmas time in college is full of break and exams), and this is a fairly classic set of original arrangements of a wide range of christmas carols you'll generally recognize.The blend and harmonies sound great across the album.  The solos are perhaps the weakest spot, but soloists definitely do an acceptable job with their numbers.  The only other note is that, as is common with undergraduate composers and arrangers, some of the cadences at the ends of songs are a bit overdone, but that's a reasonably minor quip.If you're looking for something new this holiday season, Have Yourself a Meddie Little Christmas will give your Christmas music library a different sound you'll likely appreciate, and it's well worth the purchase.
I downloaded this music for walking on my treadmill. I also do some exercising to it too.  I like the beat because it's not overbearing but it gets down to business.  Good download. Get it!
I love how this music calms my mind and senses, and actually puts me on relax mode.  =)  I even use it during reading session.
Robert Schimmel is an excellent storyteller.  This routine consists largely of his bout with cancer and how comedy fit into the series of life-changing events that accompany treatment for this deadly disease.  Schimmel expertly weaves funny jokes with statements of sincerity (Christopher Titus is also skilled at this).  He comes off not as a clown filled with punch lines like so many comics, but rather as a student of humor professing a new thesis for the times in our lives that are anything but funny.
I knew Johnny Cymbal in NY back in the day, but did not keep up with his career after he moved to LA and then Nashville.  Checking out all of these previously unreleased recordings was a revelation.  Clearly he had become a top notch "country" songsmith and singer during the late 80's and early 90's--the period from which this CD was garnered.  Though the proudction values on some are questionable, none of the material is less than impressive.  Two volumes make up this compilation which documents his work during the last few years of his life. There are some great songs and some excellent recordings. Check it out--I own it and I like it.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that some of the recording quality is imperfect.
Be clear, this is not a beginner, introductory Spanish course.  It is best used by someone who has a *bit* of experience with the language.  The organization of the chapters is unique.  The first set is five interviews of Spanish speakers from 5 different countries.  The subjects: greetings, favorite food, favorite dessert, favorite music, and a distinctive characteristic phrase of their country - are a means for you to be immersed in realistic conversations about useful subjects.  The following chapters then break down the vocabulary and the grammar illustrated in each of the subjects, with english explanations followed by repeated words and pharases in spanish.This is, without a doubt, the most fun way of adding conversational spanish skills that I have experienced.  I copied the course to my MP3 player and just walked around listening again and again, repeating words and phrases as I wished.  I guess you could call this "immersion", at least for the period of time, and the limited content that is in this lesson set.I just wish there were more available in this series.  The end of the program mentioned other volumes, but I have not been able to find them, in any format.  Too bad, because this one volume is a TREASURE.  It was well worth the cost.  I feel like I got real value, though the format and content are unusual.
I was hoping to purchase her chakra sounding bowl music. This isn't it. The soundings are very helpful. It needs another summary. Her actual summary is a little short and her step by step is a little long. Her summary doesn't sound like what I learned in the step by step. This is a good energy medicine idea worth pursuing.
If you are a fan of Katt Williams then you will enjoy this album. He once again knocks it out of the park. While the album does not show the physical aspect of his performance his exuberance comes through purely by dint of his voice and the energy and passion he brings to his craft.
The relaxation CD was very helpful during my first trimester.  I came home from work daily with a headache and needed to unwind.  This CD helped tremendously. I also played it before I went to bed and slept very well.
I really like Kevin Hart. He's funny and silly. I love comedians who can make fun of themselves, and he's very good at it. :-) The only problem is that he makes hilarious faces when he's performing that don't translate well on the album.
This is a great collection of water-based environmental sounds, although the previews on the site aren't quite as flattering as they could be. The last cut: "Aberdour Beach" has a very unique and distinct "rainstick" sound that's sure to calm you.
A recent Giada de Laurentis show on the Food Network ended with "I Love This Time of the Year," or at least I took that to be the title.  I went directly to Amazon's MP3 site, downloaded that title and, lo and behold, up came the song along with the identity of the album from which it comes.  I've now downloaded nine of the cuts, for, as a lover of music for the holidays, I'm always looking for something new to add to my extensive collection of songs and artists.  While the vocalist(s) isn't identified, the songs are written by Hal David and John Cacavas.  Why hasn't this album received more attention than it seems to have received?  The selections have a combination big band and Broadway feel.  If you're looking for something enormously easy to listen to, these cuts are just the ones to round out a playlist of special songs for the holiday.
If you've only recently discovered Aisha via the FX show "Archer" you owe it to yourself to get this funny comedy album.  Aisha is downright FUNNY, especially when riffing on relationships and sex.  Bawdy but not rude, Aisha can get a bit blue but its what her material and her delivery demands.  FUNNY!!!!!
Well, after getting completely hooked on Jon over the past week or two on Youtube, I had to get the album.  It's great being able to pop the disc in while driving around, but what is up with the "Phone Call" track?  Am I missing the point of it somewhere???
Jon Lajoie rivals modern rappers with comedic wit and also follow the beat like the best of them. Mimicking modern rap to grungy metal and also ballad acoustics with his own twist, Jon Lajoie scores big on this album. Check it out and remember that it's comedy and meant to entertain.
Just started listening to L'Angelus. I like Christmas music and I thought they would put out a good CD. Pretty good.
... what a girl really wants to hear when someone is "rapping" to her. Soul Daddy's self-assured approach and hypnotic verses will keep you hanging on his every word. You won't get that theatrical, radio-waste here. Here is a solid, mature and focused project that whispers instead of shouts. Daddy gets your attention and holds it.
I lost my CD of this a couple of years ago and purchased it as mp3 tracks just now.  The music is catchy and I appreciate having it around the house.  It has more of a semi-professional sound, but I appreciate the genuine emotion that comes across from the performers.
I was wondering what goth Christmas music would sound like. After giving it a listen, I find that it sounds like pretty holiday background music. Traditional instrumental carols, played by music box, bells, and pipe organ. I give it four stars because I like the music and will play it at Christmas, but it is not what I thought it would be.
This person can play the clarinet with such feeling and passion and panache...what a joy to listen to. Oh, and the best version of Hava Nagilla ever..except for maybe their other version (on another album of theirs).
if you like songs about bodily functions mixed with holiday cheer, this album is for you.  the toilet bowl cleaners are the only band i have run across to this day that sing exclusively about poop, pee and vomit and celebrating the holidays in the process.  every song.  and farts too.
I love the blue grass sound and smooth soft vocals. The harmony is beautiful. I first heard their Christmas album and then fell in love with all their music.
Steve Hofstetter is one of the most underrated standup comedians out there today. He's current, relevant, and most of all, hilarious! I take points off of this effort because it doesn't sound like it was recorded through an audio board. But still a good listen, nonetheless.
Definetly not for the family xmas party, but surely will be play with my friends and a few spiked eggnog...
I thought this was a fun little tune.  A bit raunchy but nothing on the caliber one would think from reading some of the seemingly prudish and very snarky reviews.This isn't as good as Lady Gaga's better stuff, but it is free and holiday themed.If you aren't super uptight AND you like Lady Gaga, then this would be a good download for you.  If you don't meet that criteria, I'd recommend staying far away.
It fit the bill to set the Halloween mood, while i sat outside dressed up last year, and passed out candy to the kids.
Recommended by friends who hail from Austrailia, home of the Mudcakes, this is a great CD for little ones. Cute, catchy rhymes that aren't too annoying on mom and dad.
The latest from Ms. Kristin Korb features more of her excellent upright bass and fantastic vocal performance. This release covers several American songbook standards in Kristin's own unique and original arrangements (check her smoldering take on Ain't Misbehavin') as well as a couple of new songs you haven't heard. KJAZZ in LA has been playing Tears of the Sun with its Cuban syncopation. Give a listen to the samples and you'll know if this groove is for you. Fun stuff.
Compared with the DVD, you miss a few visuals that go along that make a couple of the jokes hysterical, but that is true with almost any CD version.  This one however is so funny overall, that even with the couple of little bits you miss... there is no other way to describe this album but "Funny as Hell."There is some foul language (just to make those that are over sensitive to such things aware), but it is never gratuitous... just enough that it sounds like typical dialog,  It feels and sounds more like a series of great and funny stories that could be told around just about any dinner table (so long as the easily offended aren't around).
I'm a music collector of many styles and genders and this band of two quite interesting gentlemen have explored many avenues to express themselves! Featured is the great Welsh pop-rock singer/actor Steve Balsamo who voices two songs, Take Me and Come To Me with a passion that's very exciting!  I enjoyed the entire album but,these two songs are my favorites. There is also an IOEARTH video on youtube.com where you can meet the band in person. Over all, This is a 4 star album that is worth listening to. It is only available on MP3 at this time unless you find a private seller here on Amazon.com  Enjoy!-  Stargazer/Sharon H.
I am not very knowledgeable of this band and not even sure where they are from, but this is a very cool album.  This is symphonic progressive rock on a grand scale.  The album is 2 full CD's, but there is not a lot of filler.  Instrumentally these guys are all over the place which ranges from purely symphonic to almost metal at times.  The album uses several different vocalists which at times reminds me of something the Alan Parsons Project might do.  Bottom line if you like varied symphonic progressive rock this CD is well worth checking out.
let me preface my review and say i am not a huge alt rock fan. Project H's album is a very solid piece of work there is so much energy in their music that even if you are not a fan of their style of rock you may find your self getting their songs stuck in your head.  If you are a fan of alt rock music i have no doubt that you will love Project H's music. I give their album 4 stars since this is not my favorite genre and 5 stars if you love this genre.
I do a lot of mediation, this is a really good one I have a illness and when I lesson to this to this it helps alot with my pain and when there's days that I hurt bad this calms me down and helps control my pain.
I would a liken this to if Gordon Ramsey goes into a failing restaurant and makes the owners face the fact that they are cutting corners the food is not fresh as you claim on your menu (lie no 1) You think your food is so good  then why are the customers not coming back (lie no 2) You think it's your staff but of course the leadership must come from the top (lie no 3) and I could go on.  What Zig does is he makes you take responsibility for your life.  He makes you wake up to the possibilities that you have he gives you real life scenarios to help you get what he is saying and he gives you the tools to carry with you for the rest if your life.  It has helped already. In all aspects of my life.  I would recommend this book to everyone.
Ziglar has long been known for being a master of the art of motivation. If you're new to him, start here.
Julie Brown manages to once again put together an original song mocking L.A. &#34;culture&#34; and the superficial state where image is everything, and integrity and honesty are nothing. All while making it sound good.
Love all types of Island music. We have been Parrotheads for years and this fit the bill. I am looking forward to buying more of his music
This album has a series of useful phrases in French, for English speakers.  The format for one phrase is English... French... English... Frr--ench... French.  The pickup lines and swear words are HILARIOUS, and will probably be useful.  I only wish that the tracks were broken into each phrase (and not categories), so that it would be easier to find them if I forget what to say.
My son liked watching the YouTube video with this song, so as a surprise for him I bought the song and put it on his MP3 player. He was thrilled. I like that it's a cute song that I don't mind him listening to.
Music is beautiful but the volume is very low even with external speakers.Besides that the collection is great. One word,Tchaikovsky.
Another inspirational lesson from the master Eckhart Tolle. In this piece he gives us a new perspective on the awakening of the soul.
One more time Eckhart Tolle takes us to another level of spiritual awakening. Discovering our purpose is probably the most important step to a life of joy and fulfillment.
If we take the time to apply his questions, we see how silly are conscious thoughts can be. He exposes many of the daily distractions within ourselves that take away our innerpeace.
These songs are working well for my 2nd grade daughter to memorize her facts.  Makes the process much more enjoyable!
Fat Trick is explosive, rambunctious, infectious, giddy, and directly in your face like a close talker or a far too rich dessert.  Entering stage right in the late 90's from a punk and psychobilly background, Atsushi and Yokoyama have created a jazz sound that is a pastiche of neo swing, gypsy & dixieland jazz, with perhaps just a splash of Spike Jones, and they've wrapped it all up for you neatly in a package they've titled "Little Fats & Swingin' Hot Shot Party."This band has made a name for itself in Japan performing as a duet with multiple accompanying musicians on the streets of Tokyo until 2005, when they finally settled on their current configuration.  They have released several other albums, this being their third, and they have entertained at Fuji Rock Festival, the biggest rock music event in Japan. A fascinating, if surprising achievement for a band that draws more from Fats Waller and Louis Armstrong, than most (if not all) of their rock festival contemporaries.The album takes off in a frenzy with a rendition of Bresler & Wynn's "Five Guys Named Moe," allowing a showcase of the wondrous and visually exciting percussive excitement that this band has at its disposal.  Namely; guitar, banjo, trumpet, washboard, spoon, wood bass, alto sax, clarinet, wash tub bass, ukulele and a violin.  The same speed and swingin' energy carries through directly into the second track "A Sky-Blue Shirt and a Rainbow Tie."  Honestly, half the fun of listening to these recordings is picking out the different sounds you're listening to--and one can only imagine what their Japanese street shows in front of various stations must look and feel like. Atsushi's energy and vocals on the first two tracks are filled with appealing enthusiasm, and one seriously wonders where he finds the time to breathe. This is all definitely true of the equally frenetic seventh track on the album "Cake Walkin' Babies," which likewise bounces and swings with a fury of sound.The medley track "Five Foot Two Eyes of Blue--Lulu's Back in Town," is Dixieland fun, and a real gem for the Charleston enthusiasts.  The washboard and the spoons with the violin accompaniment are especially fun in this imminently danceable selection.  The mood changes to pensive with "If I Could Be With You," a gypsy flavored, bluesy song that has a nice slow drag feel to it, underlining the versatility of mood the band is capable of. You'll find more of this easy going oasis in Little Girl," though at a more moderate tempo. The change of pace to slow or medium in both tracks really allows you to enjoy the instrumentation. "Get Out That Bed" jumps hard like old Fats Waller, features an excellent sax riff, and swings hard, as does :Diga Diga Doo," which calls to mind Spike Jones with all of the fun percussive elements, but don't be mistaken b all of the busy extras, the beat is absolutely pure swing.  The final track on the album hides some genuine extra music at the end--don't miss out!  The main selection of the last track is a sleepy performance of "I Can't Give You Anything but Love," placing a solid emphasis on guitar and violin, closing the event with a softness to contrast the roar that started it off, and blowing a lovely gypsy breeze into the fire of one very hot party.Fat Trick aims to please with infectious fun and thoughtful surprises.
Yessir!  Learning by song has amazing long term results.  This is just one of the Troxel items I use for educating my kids (and me too).
My 4 & 9 year olds ask me to play it while we're driving & the older already has some memorized only after a couple tries.
Another seriously funny addition to my Brian Haner collection! I don't know what his mother thinks about the songs her son writes and performs ... but as far as this listener is concerned ... Keep 'em coming, Brian!Adult comedy material ... not for the kids!
I was excited to find this compact disk, one of a large collection of English choral music with organ.  A great way to hear music from the many cathedrals featured on the many disks available.
One would be hard pressed to hear all of the cathedrals featured in this large collection of compact disks by visiting them.  One can hear the choirs and organs on their stereo for a small price.
I like the music these two made. It's too bad they split up. I wish they had made more music and videos.
These songs are catchy & really help to get the facts "stuck' in your head!  THis is a great buy!
Using these songs to supplement a homeschool geography curriculum. Music and lyrics are a little old school but it is serving its purpose. Singing and repetition are great memorization aids.
The songs are informative and countries are separated into smaller categories making it easier to learn. I like the songs
What a great resource for kids (and adults!) who are learning geography! Sadly, I made it through my schooling without ever REALLY learning this info, but if I had this as a resource I would have certainly been better at geography. The songs can be a bit cheesy-sounding but they do the trick! On a few songs, they don't follow the map sequentially (side-by-side, that is) and the hopping around can be misleading if you don't have a map in front of you. But, other than that, no issues.My 5 y/o loves music and has some of these down better than my 7 y/o. Though, when I consider how my 7 y/o bristles at the thought of singing at a church pageant, I am left with a big smile on my face when I hear him singing these songs to himself when he is alone.Well worth the money!
After watching some of the States and Capitals song videos on YouTube, I looked on here to download them.  I should have listened more closely to the sample songs, but I assumed that the &#34;Northern Border States&#34;, etc. was the States and Capitals songs.  They are not, though.  They just go through identifying the states themselves by location.  So I pretty much wasted the $ for the set.  Eventually I may use the other songs to learn to identify other areas of the world.  We have used the Continent Song, and that is fun to use while we point to the different continents and oceans.I do like learning by song.  It just wasn't what I was looking for.
This is funny, funny stuff. In fact, the stand-up itself if probably 5-star material, but the skits in between are hit or miss. His bit about 1-star people (white trash, ghetto, whatever you like) is uproarious and accurate. He also pegs the conflicted feelings many of us have about eating too much junk food at the wrong time, and feeling the shame but eating it anyway. Terrific suburban comic.
This fine royalty-free collection of UFO SOUND FILES was created by customer demand for more. The track "Ufo 00 Bestseller" was downloaded like crazy from a previous release:Alien Ambience, Vol. 1so the artist created MORE UFO sounds for you! ENJOY!
I love these CDs because they work well with my study technique, which I describe below.The audio is straight to-the-point english-portuguese word pairs. There is no narrator giving an introduction, no examples of words used in a sentence, etc. It's just an audio synonym dictionary. Half the audio is the English word followed by the Portuguese synonym, and the other half is the opposite (with a different set of words). What I love most about these CDs is that they cover the most important vocabulary you would need to learn in order to get to, say, intermediate level.That said, you need to figure out how you're going to go about studying this. This is what I do:I divide the entire set of word pairs into smaller sets of 30-50 words. I take the first such set, and I go over it slowly 2-3 times, until I'm fairly confident of most of the words and I think I can remember them for another day or so. Then, I return to this same set the next day (Day 2) and revise them. Then I put this set on hold until Day 4, when I revise them again. And then Day 8, Day 16, etc. In the days in between, I begin new sets, making sure I maintain the same pattern for those sets too. Yes, I maintain a calendar, to keep track of which set is due for revision when. Works well for me!If you're not already familiar with portuguese basics, this is definitely not for you - it doesn't teach you to make sentences, and it teaches you a lot of words you can probably do without.Boa sorte!
This product is excellent for relaxation and meditation, but I was expecting it to be more of an affirmation and self-esteem building CD.  Thus only four stars because I felt the title was misleading.  I listen to quite a few audiobooks during my long commute to and from work, but also quickly realized that you cannot listen to this while driving because it was so relaxing&#8230; which isn't necessarily a bad thing if you are using it at home to relax or meditate.  I had bought it to help me overcome anxiety while going to work and to unwind coming back, but it's not suitable for this purpose.  I suppose if my purpose was to relax and meditate at home, I would have given it five stars.
I bought this to fall asleep to...it is very relaxing, the speaker has a very calm voice. i recommend it
Nice variety of exercises for me, functions explained and not over done.I am not a professional singer (nor want to be) but a member of a choir.I find this is a big help for me, but did not give it 5 stars  because I would have liked a pdf written instruction included.This would have saved space (time) while actually using the exercises.
I am a fan of Christmas instrumental music, but rock-not so much.  So, I was surprised that these tracks are growing on me.  Certainly edgier than Mannheim Steamroller, but more pleasing than TSO. I will be including this album in my annual Christmas music listening.
Todd Glass is hysterically funny and keeps the audience engaged with his creative perspective and over the top impersonations of people in daily situations.
who I as a new believer did not know of until a mission trip to Russia with him in 1997. Mission trips are a blessing but to have such talent as this along is the icing on the cake. One guess who won the talent show at the orphanage. Now I have all his albums I can get my hands on. His talent overrides the fact I have a lot of Christmas music and it is rare for me to find someone who can sing the same songs in a new, interesting and fresh way. He has the highest percentage of any performer with 4 and 5 star ratings in my iTunes collection. Now in August I'm actually looking forward to the Christmas season, despite Christmas merchandise in stores already, this year so I can listen to him. He is a blessing.
I like relaxing albums. This one is great. The thing I don't like about it is that not all the songs flow. You'll have a really nice, soothing song followed by a slightly noisier or completely different type of song. Or, the song is just louder than the previous one. Bottom line, there are better albums than this one to relax to, but it's not a bad choice as long as your goal is not to fall asleep.
Not like any other Christmas album you are likely to buy.  This collection includes everything from dittys from Christmas pantomime plays to weird, sad folk tunes of murder (with a Yuletide twist) like "The Standing Stones".  It is worth the price just for "Stuff Your Guts", a jaunty tune of gluttony, deceit and mockery of the French.  Like I say, this isn't exactly "Frosty The Snowman", and that is a good thing.
I won this CD free of charge from a radio station in New Jersey. The CD is a hit, deserves serious attention for Johnny B. Morbid (lead vocals and many others!) as a songwriter and musician. Despite not being a fan of the 'hard' vocals on a couple of songs, the entire album is well put together. Can't wait to see them put on a live show, hope they come down to Atlanta at some point. Favorite songs are "Sacrifice" and "Wrong Side of Dead" for some KILLER Ambient noise!
Post op is a nice companion piece to first two 4 out of 5 doctors cd's.  Out takes, rarities what ever you want to label these sound like songs (with a couple of surprises) that didn't make the initial released CD's for a reason.  I happen to love those first two so for me this closes the book.
I first heard Dylan Brody on a Sirius/XM comedy channel and was intrigued that poetic storytelling is still happening.  It's like something you'd hear if NPR had a comedy showcase.  He can be a little self-absorbed at times, but the intelligence of his delivery and material more than makes up for it.  Definitely worth checking out.
This is a good product for beefing up your French vocabulary. I especially like Vocabulearn's audio-based approach with a language like French where the orthography doesn't match current pronunciation. I typically listen to each unit for a couple weeks to burn the words into my memory. Towards the end of those two weeks, things become rather boring, but this undoubtedly has more to do with my use of the product than any defect in Vocabulearn.
These lessons would be almost perfect if it wasn't for the horrible sound quality. You have raise the volume all the way up in order to hear it and it is grainy at times. Despite this, the content is exactly what I was looking for. I commute to work and wanted to fill the time learning new vocabulary. The first 2 level say the English word first and then the French translation after. The last 2 stages say the French word first and the English translation after. I wish all the stages had the English word first and then the French translation after. I feel it is more effective this way.
This is a good product but if you purchase the cd version you get a booklet containing the word list. This download should include a pdf containing the word list but it doesn't.
I have listened to this several times.  I would do that if I didn't find it satisfying.  What did I like or remember? I liked how she talked about people make themselves feel negative, get stuck into looking for sympathy, which doesn't really help them. She doesn't mean you should shut down your feelings at all.  She talks about how some people dramatize things too much, and that may hurt them, it doesn't help them, actually.  She said when we take pain from the past and think and dwell upon them, then we are using soemthing that was associated with the energy of the past, and whose time is gone, then we are using today's life force to hold on to something that's gone.  We need to keep our energy of today for what we need today otherwise we deplete ourselves and carry too much.  That's the impression I got from listening to this.  I need to listen to her more over the summer.  I have two of her MP3.  Some criticize for being no-nonsense, but it has its place.
Knew the music. The case arrived cracked. Four stars for the music. 1/2 for the CD case. Overall it was good.
A wonderful new find of some rather old material.  Jackie's passion is evident on this seasonal delight.  I never knew such beautiful music until uncovering his work of the 1940's and 50's.
As the years proceed, one may grow increasingly jaded musically during the succeeding holiday seasons.  After many years, "Jingle Bell Rock" just might not jingle and one might hope that instead of coming to town, Santa Claus just might leave along with Rudolph.  Having listened to Christmas and holiday music over many years, and having sunk into the depths of seasonal musical weariness,  I decided to try something different: mood music.  Yes, that often-scorned, sleepy-time and very bland genre, actually seemed desirable (for a change of pace).  So, knowing about Jackie Gleason's contributions to the mood music college for advanced students of such dullness, I decided to take a chance and purchase this CD.If you enjoy soothing violins and vocal choruses, I don't hesitate in recommending it.  It is, indeed, quite relaxing and frankly, a different take on the typical holiday musical fare.  The first album, from ca. 1956, "Tis The Season" is not always Christmasy.  It can be played at any time of the year.  The second album, ca. 1966, has mostly well-known Christmas tunes.  If you have trouble sleeping, this CD might help.  It just might lull you into a semi-numb state of consciousness.  Of course, this is a bit of an exaggeration.  If you are looking for something different relative to what gets played on the radio this time of year, the music here is a pleasant change of pace.  It's nice to listen to while relaxing with some hot cider or a glass of wine.  You won't want to get up and start "Rockin' Around The Christmas Tree."  Recommended for those who crave the pleasant, but to many boring, atmosphere of mood music.
Lush orchestral treatment of seasonal music....be advised, however, that about half the tracks are not recognizable Christmas favorites.  Still, they have a decent "holiday" feel, and are a nice change from Christmas vocal music.
Just so nice and easy Christmas music by the late Jacki Gleason's orchestra to make one comfortable and relaxed during Christmas, huh?
I bought the vinyl version of this album way back in the 60s.  I love the instrumental tracks.  My favorite is Voo Doo Juice.  The drums are great.  The vocal tracks are a bit corny.  I've been looking for the CD version on and off for 10 years since I put my vinyls into storage.  The mp3 is the next best thing.
It will fill the bill, while your sitting outside passing out candy on Halloween nite. 4stars
I teach a workout class for seniors, and they like the pace of the music, cause it's not too fast that they can't keep up with, and not too slow, that they fall asleep listening too it. It's not the original artist however, and they are more techno remixed then true 70's Disco, but still good. 4stars
I am 59 yrs old and bought this album to help me to run at least 4.5 MPH on the treadmill. The download was smooth. Took my MP3 player to the gym and used the treadmill for 30 minutes without stop. I cannot wait to go back to the gym tomorrow.
Great exercise. I will recommend these exercise to friends and family thy are a must do workout.thanks the biggest loser team.
Some of it does sound helpful, but I found the guy's manner of speaking to be a bit grating (not to mention totally lame), and some of the information is really pretty basic or obvious. I don't think it's worth paying for - you can probably look up "public speaking tips" on Google and find all he says and more. Plus you wouldn't have to listen to him. But, since it's free, it might be worth downloading if you have a presentation to make and you find you have trouble or feel nervous.
Good mix. One of better groups of songs and mixes I have found in awhile.  Music and beats work well with quite a few classes.
I agree with the other review.  This debut album is good, but not yet great.  The production value is slightly less then I expected with a touch of "are they singing this in a closet?" plus it's a very short album, less then 20 mins.  However, that are all the negative things to be said.I first heard them on the Comedy Death-Ray Radio podcast sing "This Party Just Took a Turn for the Douche" and I immediately had to buy what they had to offer.  This album's collection is nowhere near the hilarity of the above mentioned song.  I'm not even sure if the last song on the album is supposed to be funny...if it is...it was over my head.  They harmonize so beautifully together and I really look forward to seeing what they do with their next album.  I hope they punch up the comedy a little more, but because of their wonderful sound I would buy an album of theirs even if it's completely void of any comedy.  Buy this album.
Riki Lindhome (from Gilmore Girls) and Kate Micucci (from Scrubs) may be actresses, but they are also quite capable musicians as well as hilarious comedians. Think a more folksy version of Flight of the Concords or even the Lonely Island, with bubble gum pop voices and perfect comedic timing. I don't know quite know how much appeal some of their song topics would be to a man-but as a woman songs like "Pregnant Women Are Smug" are just plain entertaining.
Cognitive dissonance between the music and voice on one hand and the subject matter and lyrics on the other. Either you like it or not. Not all songs are work safe.
Like the new series so far, the voice work was good although I didn't like the thief as much as I expected and for the price I would suggest getting the MP3 version.  I sure wish the story was longer, it has an interesting new take on the operation of Liberator.
Couldn't say that I love a series that has great voice work, makes you want more, but is so short for the cost that you feel a little cheated.  I feel that all three should be sold for the price of one.  But that's just me!
This is soothing and easy to just listen and go into the comfort zone.  would recommend it.  Can relax or fall off to catch a quick nap.  Get it if you have the chance.
Has most basic effects and a few really neat ones added in.It worked well at the party.Liked it!
I enjoyed it very much.  Although there is some unsavory language....it warns you ahead of time with the &#34;never faded & x-rated&#34;.  I'm Bigg Mike Epps fan.
Kristin did pretty well with this cd. It does have a few slow spots where she beat a joke to ever lovin' death, and where she apologizes to a heckler at the end of the show was lame. Other than that, very funny.  Her second album, not so much and there's rehashed material from the first on there too. If you were to pick, go with this one
I stumbled across this on NPR's  Mountain Stage. They deserve to be heard. Not what I was looking for,or expected. The best thing I've heard this season.  Mature, great, year end music.
Beautiful renditions of older carols and Christmas hymns by traditional choirs.  It brought back so many memories of Christmas as a child- so much more than the wannabe repeats by today's groups.
I liked the getting so many of my favorite artists with so many songs.  I listened to this at work and it so made me smile every time.
Los Straitjackets are a wonderful instrumental band specializing in surf-style rock 'n roll goodness and this album is typical of their output - top-notch musicianship and great fun!  Los Straitjackets borrow from a wide variety of influences and do it all well.  Jingle Bells opens with a very Byrds-like guitar passage and has a heavy Buckaroo country influence.  Joy to the World sounds like a long lost Booker T & the MGs rave-up (minus Booker T's organ) and could have come straight from Stax.  We Three Kings is apt to show up on a Tarantino soundtrack any day now and channels surf classics like Pipeline into yuletide service.  (I) Deck the Halls is the highlight of the album and is pure tee fun set to music - put this on and your Christmas party is sure to be a hit!  A great album chock full of energy and holiday cheer.
What says "The Holidays" more than a primo wave of tremolo guitar and a rockin' backbeat? If you're the masked men of Los Straitjackets, nothing says Christmas better than super-stoked versions of holiday classics. They first rocked the holidays with their 2002 release `Tis the Season for Los Straitjackets, but this time out they're melding iconic melodies with the rhythms and riffs of iconic rock instrumentals. "Deck the Halls" takes on the rhythm guitar signature of "I Fought the Law," and "We Three Kings" is given the buzzing, single-string treatment of Dick Dale's "Misirlou." Los Straitjackets translate "Oh Tannenbaum" into the Latin instrumental "Que Verdes Son," give "Joy to the World" the Stax treatment, borrow the opening riff and guitar styling of "Buckaroo" for "Jingle Bells," and play "O Come All Ye Faithful" as if the Tornadoes broke into "Telstar" at the company Christmas party. This is a fresh spin from start to finish, and will add some much needed rock `n' roll spice to your holiday music carousel. [2009 hyperbolium dot com]
Recorded execellent but the thunder comes on too strong.  One can hardly hear the waves or rain too much, but it is still there.  However, if you like the sound of thunder it fits in nicely.  One has to wonder if this was recorded naturally and as it occurred, or it was electronically enhanced in some way.  I prefer my sounds to be recorded as it occurred to preserve the naturally occuring harmonics.
This is the treatment of carols I've been looking for, and I have searched Amazon for many Christmas seasons. Soothing, ambient, yet melodic instrumentals with a touch of rhythm and ethereal "voices" for quiet holiday evenings, etc. It may be too New-Agey for some. Reason for 4 not 5 stars is that a couple of songs verge on elevator music. Ave Maria, in particular. A couple of others start to go there, but rescue themselves creatively. Nice gift idea for the season of giving. Peace.
I was thrilled when I found this here! I've been looking for a way of getting my old tape transferred to Digital. Only drawback, I don't know if I got a bad file or what, but the first track has SKIPS IN IT. Other than that it's Great.
I like it, good for a nice relaxing drive.  This is the first steampunk related cd I've bought and I can appreciate the level of production required to meld all those different retro genres.
The Cap Steps are back with trademark political humor, turned on the Obama administration, just in time for Christmas.  Yes, all the tracks are funny and NO political figure will be spared, except, surprisingly, George W.  We enjoyed the parody, but must caution, as with all humor, not everyone will find everything funny.  The singing is good and the music okay.  So have an egg nog to sit back and listen.  Good for a few spins this year, but may be dated by 2010.
The leader is the same for each track. He has a articulate voice which makes it easier to listen and learn.
I had never heard of Carola before, but bought this on a whim (while buying a ton of Christmas music). I was very impressed. It doesn't sound too modern, which I like. It seems most of the Christmas music out now sound like pop music, just with lyrics that mention the three wise men, which I'm not particularly fond of. I prefer the more classical-sounding music, which Carola pulls off amazingly well, without becoming boring or droll. I wish there was more out there like her.
As an Orthodox Jew who also happens to be a metal head, this Album almost seemed too good to be true. A beautiful blend of the history and practices of the holiday with heavy metal would seem impossible but here it is. Every song was awesome and well worth listening to. Fun for Jews (and non-Jews) of every denomination!
Hot and sexy little stories that get me in a naughty mood pretty quickly. I like that they're not really long because I sometimes only have 5 or 10 minutes to get in a mental/manual quickie. I like the diversity of erotic ideas, too.
Last year was a big one for alternative rock band Seabird, both in the Christian and secular markets.  The band is preparing to end this year with another big milestone--the release of their sophomore album, titled Rocks Into Rivers.  But to follow in the steps of Family Force 5 and House of Heroes this holiday season, Seabird is set to release their Silent Night EP to iTunes this Tuesday.  It's been available at shows for a while now, free with pre-orders for Rocks Into Rivers, but for those who haven't been able to make it, now is your chance.  And at such a small price, this is one holiday EP that you can not miss out on.The Christmas EP consists of "Silent Night" and "Joy to the World," and neither sound like the original.  It isn't like Family Force 5's take on original holiday songs, where it's more fun than serious work.  Not to say what FF5 creates doesn't take talent--it's just obviously not the kind of talent Seabird has.  They manage to incorporate their unique sound into the EP, making it a very enjoyable listen.  And "Joy to the World" has already been featured on an episode of Grey's Anatomy, setting the band up to increase its fanbase.  As made evident in their debut, Seabird is just in a completely different league, and what they did with this EP takes a special kind of band.To say I'm impressed might be an understatement.  I'm looking forward to the sophomore release of Seabird like very few albums this year.  I have very high expectations for what's to come.  But for now, this EP satisfies 100%... despite it's length (or lack thereof).
I listened to this over the course of a couple days, and it is very relaxing.  I was not the one who committed the offense, but it did help me relax and understand a bit where the other person would be coming from in terms of there forgiveness.
It's been years since I've heard these songs and routines of his. But whenever I hear them they take me back to when I was a teenager and my youth group would play his albums. This is a great one, I love it.
I liked quite a few of the songs but then there were others that really kind of did not go along with the Doo Wop style.
Bought this Doo Wop Christmas item as a present to a Doo Wop fanatic.  She enjoyed it very much, although she wished it was a little more old-school Doo Wop.  She said this was more modern.  Still, an enjoyable gift.
Reminds me of Santa and great times with family when I was young. Most of the songs I remember and the ones I don't remind me of that era of song and dance. More power to the people....
I bought this item because there was a few songs that I wanted, every album comes with good and bad songs so i'd say this get it and do your own evaluation.
Come on guys? What's on this album? Just songs? Or does it include the show? There appears to be no listing anywhere. There are a few songs listed... but that can't possibly be all?
very nice and festive, Took it to work and everyone enjoyed it very much. would recomend to anyone who enjoys christmas music.
I downloanded this CD for only $1.09 from Amazon.com. There are certainly some throw away tracks. There are six or seven tracks with vocals. I wouln't say the vocal tracks are horrible but they are not good enough to remain in my collection. I sent them immediately to the Recycle Bin. On the other hand, the remaining tracks are all instrumental and all great sounding Christmas tunes. If you can get this for a super cheap price then I say, &#34;Go for it!&#34;
very well arranged assortment of Christmas songs with a very pleasant Celtic/Irish feel and sound. very much worth the money.
good selection for the price, like the artists and variety of irish based music.  don't need to say much more in this review.
We are both partial to Celtic music and this mp3 set did not disappoint. We mixed the music with other styles of Christmas music ranging from old classics to more recent songs from various artists.
Love the music. Nice peaceful Christmas melodies. Not all tracks jump out, but overall an enjoyable holiday album.Can't beat the price.
Like other posters I did not care for the vocals but the instrumental tracks are really good. Could not pass this up especially for the low price for album.
Nice selection of music.  Great for trimming the tree, background music for dinner, etc.  The price was great, too!  I got the whole cd for $ .69.  Can't beat that!
I love Celtic music, so when I saw &#34;Celtic Christmas&#34; on sale for 69, I ordered it. My expectations were just so-so after reading the mixed reviews. I was pleasantly surprised that most of the music is fairly listenable, especially the instrumentals, including a very nice short version of &#34;Greensleeves.&#34; The vocals aren't as strong, but they're not bad either.Listen to the samples and see what you like. Overall, it's a pretty good album, certainly worth the low price that I paid.
I love the Celtic Christmas CD. I recommend it for anyone it has a unique blend  of songs as wells as instruments that will appeal to a wide variety of music lovers.  Of course I am a long time fan of all celtic music so I may be biased.
Almost exactly what I wanted for friendly gatherings during the holiday season.  The sounds of harp and flute are pretty and relaxing (and I know there are other instruments, but my expertise says good night at that point).  When previewing before buying, I happened to select songs that were instrumentals and assumed the entire album, therefore, was.  However, there are several vocals, and while perfectly lovely, not what I was looking for in background music while company is over.  I'll make 2 playlists of this album:  one for me and one for company... even though that means more work (the horrors!).
this album was very nice.  there was a good choice of songs.  most of the songs I had not heard before.
This was a great purchase.  I did, however, only pay $2 for the album download.  Burned a disc for a family member and one for myself, so definitely a good buy.
Like the relaxing Christmas music once in a while and this album does the job but like I said not a fan.
MUSIC IS LOVELY, THOUGH THERE ARE MANY NUMBERS I HAD NEVER HEARD.  I LOVE THE VOCALS.  THIS IS GREAT HAPPY LISTENING DURING THE HOLIDAYS.
It seems like almost every 5/5 reviewer here wants to tell everyone how fantastic this Christmas album is, if only one loves Celtic music.  Well, I like Celtic music quite a bit and it really isn't a Wow! That's Fantastic! collection of music as one would expect from seeing all of the 5/5 ratings.The half of the songs on this album that are instrumentals, mostly of well-known traditional carols such as Deck the Halls, Good King Wenceslas, The Holly and The Ivy, etc...  really are excellent and feature that fiddle, flute, and sometimes harp and guitar combinations that one expects from Irish folk music.As to the vocal numbers, well, I don't think I had ever heard a single one of them and I don't suspect many will hear them outside this collection; they do not have that "Christmas classic" sound to them.  The vocal songs mostly seemed to be contemporary attempts at sounding like Irish Christmas music (sung by a female lead singer who sounds more like a Californian trying to sing Irish songs than a born-and-bred resident of Eire) rather than songs that actually bring to mind the Christmas season.  There is something about the well-known Christmas songs - be they traditional, classical or popular - that simply sounds like the holiday season, more so than just from inclusion of words like "Christmas," "Noel," "bells," "snow," etc... or from years of Pavlovian-like association with the holiday season.  The vocal songs in this collection simply lack that Christmas feel to them and while reasonably played and sung, are rather forgettable.  My very traditionalist mother-in-law remarked that the vocal numbers all seem to sound the same after a while and although that may not be exactly true musically and tonally, it is fairly accurate from a character standpoint.But at a measly two bucks for 20 songs, this is a great value. There are more than enough songs in this collection that are very good to provide an excellent value for anyone who doesn't need to hear Bing Crosby, Nat King Cole, or Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer to call it enjoyable Christmas music.
Irish music can cheer you up or drive you to tears. Whatever your mood there is at least one selection on here that will touch you.
Love this music.  Added to Christmas collection
the Celtic Christmas album is great. It's a wonderful Irish twist on many Christmas Classics.You don't have to be Irish to enjoy
A perfect gift for a Hiberniophile at Christmas time.  It brought some traditional Christmas music with an Irish flair and something different - not just Elvis, Dean Martin, and Bing Crosby.
This album has a lot of old favorite carols, and a lot of new ones too, all performed in enjoyable Celtic arrangements.  I only wish it listed the names of the artists.
The music is really nice and the Irish scenery is awesome. I played it non stop through the holidays. I have it on my Kindle. If I don't want to listen to the music, I just silence the sound and watch the landscape of Ireland.
I listened to this album more this year than any other this Christmas season. I would recommend this to anyone.
The music is very relaxing. Normally i am not into this type of music. but I would buy it again if i needed to.
I truly enjoy listening to this music.  It is very soothing and inspiring.  I believe that anyone who likes Celtic music will love this CD.
Maybe my headset died when I bought this album but to me it sounds like a poor quality recording/compression. Also note that there are two distinct styles of music on this, instrumental & vocals. For $0.69 though it was worth it to get the instrumental pieces.
But do enjoy something really quite charming. Could do without the stupid dissonant arrangement of drummer boy. Would I buy it again? No, but I would definitely send it to friends. It is that charming and there are plenty of good arrangements to justify purchase.
...but do enjoy something very, very charming. $ sstars only because of some of the cutesy arrangements which really do an injustice to the boys..
Steve Wariner"Country Christmas"(Selectone, 2003/2010)------------------------------------1980s/1990s country Top 40 star Steve Wariner first came to Nashville as a superpicker guitarist, and a protege of the great Chet Atkins, so it's fitting that he should record an instrumental album or two.  This holiday offering, self-released in 2003 and recently reissued, has plenty of twang to it, but also a bit of boppish jazz and swing, as well as several elegant passages.  For my money, the sweeter, mellower, more relaxed tracks are tops: Wariner gets a rich, resonant velvet-textured tone going that's pretty easy on the ears.  The faster tracks are less compelling for me, but Wariner was clearly enjoying himself.  Many fans will, as well, digging into the heartfelt set of Christmastime standards...  Ho-Ho-Ho! (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Country Music Guide)
again Dizzy does an excellent job of bringing holiday traditions with a twist. recommeneded for anyone who loves good Christmas music.
Chevonne seems to want to be the female RuPaul, or perhaps the new Lady Gaga, and normally I run in terror from artists whose first-ever release is a joke-y Christmas album. But, this EP is funny, more than a little sexy, and it's got a good beat and I can dance to it. Memorable quote: "I need Jew in my life," from track #1 - "My Menorah.'
Before she did the worship albums, she did Christmas Worship! Simple, elegant, beautiful. Not much in the way of instrumentation other than the basics, but its calm and soothing, as only Kari can produce.
If you enjoy Christmas music or you have liked Kari's other music, you'll probably like this music.  I've looked other places for this album, but it seems Amazon is the only place that carries it.  At writing, there's no album discount- meaning the price of the album is the same as the price of all the tracks added up.  If you already have her "Where I Find You: Christmas Edition" album, then you already have the song "O Holy Night" so you can save yourself a buck if you're cheap like me ^^
At first I worried that this product was going to horrible, but I like it a lot. Learning to music makes things a lot easier. Pronouncing the words in a songlike manner helps to get the words right.
It's hard to imagine a more fitting origin for a bluesman than not knowing your exact birthdate. To think you might have been born in 1920 or possibly 1922, and to have begun your commercial career as a bluesman in your early seventies, is to echo a hard life that included pre-teen plow work behind a mule, blue collar jobs in lumber and truck driving, and enough scrapes with the law (including a string on a chain gang) to lose count of the years. Ford isn't a product of blues music so much as his delta blues is the product of a life that began in the deep, segregated south of Forest, Mississippi. Ford's recording career began in the mid-1990s with a string of albums for Fat Possum. His songs are built on repetitive blues progressions and lyrics that often seem made up on the spot.Ford's latest, on the Alive label, was recorded live-in-the-studio at the end of one of his infrequent tours. Ford plays acoustic guitar and sings, with some younger players following along quietly on guitar, harmonica and percussion. His picking is solid, but what's especially impressive is his voice. There's a weathered edge to his tone, but his pitch is surprisingly sharp. Not sharp for an 88-year-old (or so) man; just sharp. He reprises the originals "Chicken Head Man" and "Hip Shakin' Woman," and blues classics from Roosevelt Sykes ("44 Blues"), Willie Dixon ("My Babe"), and Jimmy Rogers ("That's Alright"). The informal recording session, planned at the last minute and plotted on the fly, finds Ford edging into each song as the mood and memory strike him. Two interview tracks further flesh out the character of this one-of-a-kind bluesman. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
Good music, well performed...The Christmas season without the graft. A wonderful mixture of some great, College and Welsh choirs. Well worth it.
The perfect bluesey Christmas song with which to slug back a couple of bourbon nogs and wrap gifts to yourself.
Yeah, Christmas time can be a set-up for some serious blues. After the sad story has been told however, this song has an uncommon resolve that takes you through the grief, then moves you back into the "rhythm" of life. I won't spoil the surprise. Lovely singing, fine musicianship.
good rapper, better than all those garbage rappers ( jay z, 50 cent, lil wayne ),  good lyrics, good songs
In a debate before a live audience at Princeton University, both Singer and D'Souza get off to slow starts in their opening monologues, but they eventually warm up to their subject: whether morality exists without God.Both men obviously believe in morality; to deny its existence is to lose the argument before it even begins. Everyone is more or less familiar with the God-based Christian view on morality, which D'Souza subscribes to, so it is up to the atheist, Peter Singer, to explain his view of the origins of morality.Basically Singer maintains that morality descends from the Golden Rule, biological adaptation, and the social contract. The Golden Rule's ubiquity across all cultures, theistic and atheistic, is proof of its universality: "treat others as you want to be treated." Thus, both atheists and people of the Judeo-Christian persuasion believe murder, theft, and perjury are wrong, but for different reasons: one set abstains because they do not want to be murdered, stolen from, or lied about in court; whereas the other set abstains because God admonishes them not to murder, steal, or perjure.D'Souza retorts that the Golden Rule only explains about 5 percent of morality, and he proceeds to deploy several convincing examples. One example he does not use: If a man is terminally ill and expects to die within a week, what obligation does he have to act morally? Whatever he does wrong society cannot punish him for before he dies naturally. But, on the theistic view, the man is accountable for his wrongs in the final week of life by God.D'Souza gets sidetracked by focusing part of his argument on an inherent feeling of remorse when one fails morally--Singer need only respond that this is a natural, biological reaction to not living up to the social contract.But how D'Souza wins the debate is by examining Singer's amoral views, such as murder of "defective" infants who will be a burden on society. D'Souza does a terrific job explaining how Singer's view is the continuation of atheistic "morality," as such, to its inevitable conclusion. If there is no God to hold individuals accountable, then morality loses its objectivity, and thus any constructions of morality are legitimate in that they are legitimately evolved from subjective human experience and circumstantial social factors.On this point D'Souza runs up the score on Singer to such an extent that I cannot but conclude that he wins this debate. This is a great listen for a long ride in the car.
To a normal person, this looks and smells like a mere novelty album, but it's not.  "Drew" has severe talent, and you ignore it at your peril.
These may well be some of the nastiest jams of all time.Here is an experiment for you to do:1. Tomorrow do not go to that damned coffee shop.2. When you are done not going to that damned coffee shop you will have saved eight bucks.3. Take that eight bucks you didn't spend on coffee and spend it on this album.4a. Maybe you will agree about the nastiness of these jams.b. Maybe you will not like the music.5. Either way, you saved your self one day of being around those self-important bean slingers.
This is a much older recording, and his voice seems a bit scratchy sounding, but it is still something I listen to a lot. He discusses the famous story &#34;Acres of Diamonds.&#34; Great motivational speech.
I listen to lots of these self-hypnosis, stress help and relaxation mps at night. I have a busy life and they help me to unwind and get to sleep at normal hours. I like this one just as well as most of them. It doesn't change about in sound much. It has a constant rain falling sound with a little thunder every so often. But it's good enough. Relaxing.
I first heard this as a free library download loan and was impressed enough to purchase it. My anxiety stems directly from a critical health issue and while I can't make the health issue go away, I find the three exercises on this audio are individually and collectively helpful to me right now.While the relaxation exercise, which is the first portion of this recording, is pretty much the same and repetitive for each of the following two separate guided imagery exercises, I think the repetition has helped me to relax faster and deeper since it almost becomes biofeedback after awhile so I don't mind it.I am also impressed at the two guided imagery exercises. The first deals with "wise counsel" and looking at what in your life might be causing the anxiety. Although I am pretty clear on the general answer to that in my case, looking beyond the obvious to the ways I approach my condition through the help of the "wise counsel" has led me to some insights and helped me change my thought patterns a bit. The last guided imagery exercise, identifying and building attributes to help you deal with the anxiety, have also been helpful to me and given me a sense of empowerment.All the exercises are relatively short (about 30 minutes) and each has a short description of how and why they work given what we know of brain and body connections. Even on my worst days, if I get nothing else from this, I do get a short reprieve of sweet relaxation for a few minutes each day listening to a voice that I find calm and reassuring. Over the weeks I have found that the relaxation and meditation has helped me feel calmer and less frantic about my situation so even if the situation has not changed, my response to it, and my ways of dealing with it, have.
I would have given this 5 stars except for the following:There should be a way to skip the intro after you listen to it once.I would be nice if the 3 meditations were divided so if you only wanted to listen to one of them you canOther than that very relaxing - and I don't relax easy.
I have tried quite a few different ways to learn Korean without actually taking classes (who has the time, especially with two children under 2?) This music so far has been my favorite technique, and that may have to do with the fact that I'm a musically-inclined person already. The background for these tracks isn't exactly my normal genre, but it's fun and not annoying at all, at least not yet! I bought these with a gift certificate that I recieved as a promotion for buying another product, so I can't say that I actually would have spent my own money on this, but for free I'm really enjoying it! I would have just picked a few phrases that I really need to learn and bought them separately.
I bought this after doing another of his meditation series for free on line.  He speaks faster in this one.  That's a little disconcerting because I am trying to put myself in a slow, meditative state.  He does have a deep, rich voice which is calming.  I also like the music very much.  All in all, it's a bargain and I feel better after I meditate with him.
I just bought this from Amazon and am now listening to it and practicing the meditations. Dr. Chopra has been a great help to me for years, and since I trust him with all my heart, these meditations are very effective for me. The ONLY thing I would like changed is the background music, which I wish was more subdued in the background, and a little quieter without the few abrupt sounds that distract me so. It might not be that way for others, it could be just me. I often find meditation music to be distracting, even startling, at times.
Love this CD. Being a newbie to meditation Deepak helps me stay focused & in the moment as he's helping me discipline my mind.
But very effective.  I like the sleep one the best.  The breathing one is also good when you need a short reminder, but don't have the time for 20 minutes of medication.
A must for those whom already know about relaxation through breath. Even as a veteran, I found this to be a direct approach to relaxation and positive manifestation. Deepak Chopra is a master of showing all of us how truly easy it is, to relax, and to optimize our potential as soulful humans. Thank you Mr. Chopra. Blessings.
I meditate using the CD every day and I love it. The heart Meditation is amazing and I carry it with me every day.My thanks to a wonderful Guru.
Fantastic CD! I was having a hard time relaxing and getting to sleep after a long stressful day. It helped me reduce my stress so I can sleep and get the rest I need. This cd works!
I like the sound of Deepak Chopra's voice.  The meditations are very relaxing; however, I wouldn't advise listening to this cd in the car because it is very relaxing and you might find yourself drifting off to sleep.  However, the cd is great for meditating on a yoga mat or at home in a peaceful environment.
We often hear about meditations to help us through our many challenges, whether it be stress, health related issues or attracting our deepest desires.  We sometimes try to quiet our minds and focus on our breathing, but easily loose track and let the mind wonder again.  With these simple guided meditations from Deepk Chopra I've found it easy to stay focused and relaxed while practicing and taking the time to reconnect when I'm feeling disconnected. Recommend to anyone whose tried to meditate but can't quiet the mind.
This is a very self help, easy to use cd, iTunes download and so on...I use this often with my other meditation's but mostly as a group.
I purchased this cd after I realized I needed to find meditation resources after a stressful live event.  I needed to find a cd where I can learn basic meditation technique which I think Deepak establishes through his instruction.  The background music is tranquil and helps set the tone to relax.  The instructions are specific and most of the meditation focuses on your breathing and relaxing your body.  It helped me to be calmer, focus on my breathing and realign my thoughts.  Great for those new to meditation and needs a first timer instruction.
I love all of Deepak's meditations.  His voice is so calming and he has real wisdom to impart.I felt this dvd must be from some time ago because it doesn't have much in the way of ambiance music.The meditations themselves are very helpful.
the cd is very brief but it is very enlightening!! would have loved to listen to much more of his wisdom
The Nova Echo's debut album begins with subdued electronics and vocalist Caleb Hanks proclaiming, "There's a place where the seas are calm and golden, not of this world, light-years beyond the furthest galaxy, and I'll see you there, when this life begins..." Quite frankly, this self-titled album is not of this Earth, bringing a spacey, electronics-tinged rock album full of ethereal vocals and bright melodies. While shooting for the stars, The Nova Echo finds their debut album amongst the heavens instead, as the band's irresistible output could use a little maintenance and variety.Understand that there is no denying how incredibly catchy The Nova Echo's sonic offering is. Greeting the listener, opener "Arrival" grows from a hushed commencement to a straight rockin' outburst of intergalactic energy. Here, guitarists Will Arledge and Evan Bradford unleash hard-charging chords, while Lee Brooks swathes the band's upbeat material with simply stellar key work. This song was obviously crafted for an audience because one listen to the chorus is all anyone needs to motivate their feet to defy gravity with the ground over and over again.Sound-wise, The Nova Echo's distant artistic relative would most-likely be Earthlings Hellogoodbye, with an added punch of guitars. Look no further than potential radio smash, "V," for similarities. This song, like most of the previously mentioned band's material, possesses a melody larger than Jupiter. Hanks' strong tenor makes its presence known by taking command of the piece and guiding the music to new heights. Without a doubt, "V" gives a glimpse of what The Nova Echo is capable of when all cylinders click.Fortunately for The Nova Echo, there is plenty of quality material to be heard on this debut album. Additional highlights include "Positronic" and "Icarus." Before divulging the secrets to the former's success, "Icarus," tucked inconspicuously within the track listing, launches off from the beginning with edgy guitars before settling into a comfortable groove, shedding itself into a sing-along style chorus. While the configuration of this song is relatively basic, The Nova Echo proves that sometimes less is more. "Positronic," on the other hand, stirs in rhythmic complexities during the verses in a quieter manner before igniting its engines for a driving and dazzling chorus scheduled to make orbit within the listener's psyche for days on end.While the overwhelming majority of The Nova Echo's debut self-titled album comes across as otherworldly and distinctive, some tracks fall helplessly into the black hole of monotony. Two tracks located in the eternal depths of mediocrity include "Votre Amour" and "Delta." As "Delta" sounds like a duplicate of other material, only executed less effectively, the prime imperfection of the thirteen songs provided is "Votre Amour." This piece seemingly floats along in the darkness, meandering during its duration and ultimately lacking enough meaning to justify its existence on an album adorned with meaningful, memorable compositions.As the final notes of "Zion" fade into the deafening silence of the universe, one cannot help but feel satisfied with the journey The Nova Echo has provided. Equipped with potential mainstream hits such as "V" and "Positronic," this six-piece undoubtedly have a promising future, especially when compared to a galaxy's worth of less memorable clones that surround them. While shooting for the stars, The Nova Echo finds their debut album amongst the heavens instead. Even though the record suffers from a few middling tracks, The Nova Echo should take this first effort and expand upon their strengths; kick in the afterburners and allows themselves to lie amongst the stars for which they are destined to reach.
I purchased this because a friend of mine was in the band.  Not really my style of music but there were a few songs that I really liked, overall a great cd.
i liked the samples of these best of all of this type i listened to. but, i wish i could get a cd album, i cant download.
By now, Pixelh8 has proved that he knows a thing or two about composing solid chip music. "And the Revolution" boosts that cause with a return to the artist's classic style, in addition to introducing some new aspects that make the album more than just a repeat of his past work. From happy, poppy chiptunes to intense, 8-bit glitch music, Pixelh8's style is thankfully still intact and worth checking out.A simple, beepy fade-in kicks the album off, leading into the euphoric ballad which is "The Girl from the Future". The second track, aptly titled "Contains Mild Euphoria", is more of that same style with its light, retro drum work and happy main melody. By the time the dance-style "Out On the Floor" rolls around, the album has switched over into "Revolution" mode, with the first (retro and vocoded) lyrics from Pixelh8 himself.While "Somnolence" satisfies with its cute n' cuddly melodic work, the ninth song "Current Affairs" exposes a different state of mind by means of a soft, techno-filter mixed with an interesting melody to create an otherworldly atmosphere.Tracks such as "Computability Love" don't do the album many noteworthy favors, but "You Were Born to Save the World" is where Pixelh8 really shines. This very clever track makes use of expertly executed orchestrated music blended with a simple GameBoy melody and steady 8-bit percussion. One of the most unique tunes on the album, it stands out as some of Pixelh8's finest work to date.The album closes with "Loading Dreams", a sweet-sounding farewell track that sounds reminiscent of old Commodore 64 tunes while remaining nice and noteworthy even still."And the Revolution" is what the title claims to be for this talented chip musician who chooses to call himself Pixelh8. If you're a longtime fan of his work or are just becoming interested in his simple yet satisfying chiptunes, you shouldn't be disappointed with this album. Here's hoping that future albums will deliver as well as "And the Revolution" has.
I like that It's simply tones from crystal bowls without all the other distracting noises like insects and running water.
This is pure crystal bowl music, so I think it quickly puts me in the mental space it's supposed to.  The tracks are between 18 and 20 minutes long, so you can really zone out.  There's not a lot of difference between the tracks, but they're not boring. I got this along with &#34;Change Your Mind&#34; by Dr. Gaynor who was featured on Dr. Oz.  I like them both, but this is easier to hummmm to.
The album is great but definitely.. out of the blue! Where the heck is the singer from? With his unique accent when he sings in creole I'd say he is from Dominica or Saint-Lucia, but could somebody confirm that? I wonder if he released any other albums.Kyenbe red, pa moli, chante la bon mem!
Edgar Oliver is something of an obsession for me.I first became familiar with him via the film Gentlemen Broncos.  In one of the special features on that dvd, Edgar wraps filming and begins speaking to the camera about how he'd like to say goodbye to everyone.  He then decides it's better for him to disappear, and he flits away in his cape.  Brilliant.  After that, I started watching weird little youtube videos of Edgar Oliver interviews and listening to all of his stories on the Moth.The unusual way he speaks is poetry in and of itself.  He draws things out and has a sort of unidentifiable accent (e.g. park becomes purrrrk). It's like taking a trip inside his brain and listening to the dark internal monologues that probably ensue constantly.  He talks about his house, his fear of being murdered, crossing the river Styx for bacon and egg sandwiches, watching hobos.  It's awesome.  I like that it's hard to tell here what events actually happened and what he's just imagining.This recording is great for repeated listens.  I love to put it on during my commute home, especially when it's dark and rainy.
1) Downgrade your criticisms and judgments to descriptions,2) paint a word picture of your feelings,3) identify and communicate your needs and4) never go beyond a request.On the other hand if you want to engage in violence:1) Criticize2) Defend3) Contempt4) Withdraw in angerSee:The Seven Principles for Making Marriage Work: A Practical Guide from the Country's Foremost Relationship Expert
It is pretty funny except for Sheryl Underwood. That unfunny buck tooth person's standup was a waste of time and space.
Every comedian is funny especially DC Curry and Earthquake. You will laugh and will not regret getting this. Just wish it would've been longer.
Molly Lewis has a voice that reminds me of Christin Chenowith.  Her eclectic variety of music styles fit into several genres, so prepare your self for some 'mood swings.'  Humor is key in her songs and I like them all, even "Peeps!"  She plays the same two types of ukulele that I own, (Fluke and Tenor Lanikai) so I appreciate seeing what can be done with them in the hands of a real musician rather than a hack like myself.My biggest complaint is that it is an EP and not an LP.  I want more!
Long time Youtube virtuoso Molly Lewis (aka Sweetafton23) finally got around to putting out a cd of her original songs. It's quite good, my one complaint being that I liked the original MP3's of MyHope and Road Trip (which you can purchase from her website: [....] a little better, as they seemed to be played a little faster on the CD. Overall though, the album is well worth the money, even considering that Molly inspired me to go out and pick up a new ukelele myself.
This is on mp3 I am glad I purchased!  I have trouble falling asleep at night sometimes just because of random house noises at night, so I got this for my mp3 player thinking it would create ambient sound, and it works beautifully.  It is a very useful tool for meditation as well, especially if you have noise-canceling headphones as it doesn't let in any outside sounds.The only tiny flaw I found in this particular nature sound is that from time to time, I found the waterfall to be just a little bit noisy.  99% of the time, though it was perfect so don't let that deter you!
I chose this because of it's scenic view, and because waterfalls produce a sound of relaxation, as do babbling Brooks.  Since I haven't found babbling Brooks I have gotten the RAIN and the tranquil waterfall, ones I enjoy whilst resting or reading.
i LISTEN TO THIS ALMOST EVERY NIGHT BEFORE i FALL ASLEEP...IT HELPS ME RELAX AND ZONE OUT SO i CAN GET THE REST i NEED!
Only listened to one so far but loving it! This is going to help me tremendously with myself and my Herbalife business! I can't wait!
We really enjoyed this CD. It has a classic sound and feel to it and Gene Autry's voice is wonderful. It is rather religious, so if that isn't your thing, you may want to buy individual songs.
Barks' I Want Burning reading is the best of his work I have experienced, with poems read at an almost conversational cadence. The Glance suffers a bit from a common tendency in modern poetry reading, to read the words too slowly (for my personal taste at least).
I bought several of these Sounds of Nature MP3's some time back. This is one I keep coming back to. While I like the rain and frogs and streams, after a while you might get tired of listening to them. But this one really holds up for me. Maybe because it's of nothing specific (except wind, of course) but it's not bombarding you.
Good end of the day music.  I wouldn't take this along for play during X games, but after it might just be the thing.
If you wish to hear something &#34;different&#34;, just listen to this.  Never have more words been placed in a piece of music, so listen carefully (or find the words online)!
I really love her voice. the drums coming in were a little jaunting the first few times, but now I like them...
I am a Daisy troop leader.  Some of the girls do not read fluently yet.  I handed out lyrics of the songs for the girls, and even the girls that were not great readers could follow along with the first track.  The singer's voice and the melodies are very nice.  I intend to use this CD in some way at every girl scout meeting.
I bought this album to play during the third session of the &#34;...3 Cheers for Animals&#34; Journey. My daughter loves it! She's well on her way to memorizing several of the songs. I particularly like the Daisy-related songs.
Fear of change is very common. It's part of our natural fear of the unknown. We're afraid to undertake new challenges because it forces us to leave our comfort zone. We may doubt our ability, our intelligence or our capacity to overcome obstacles that may arise. We may fear not measuring up, making mistakes, or being ridiculed.Fear of change causes us to repeat the same actions and choices over and over. As a result, it steals our potential and prevents us from achieving our goals and realizing our dreams. That's where hypnosis can help.Change Without Fear lets you use the power of your subconscious mind to overcome the fear of change so you can enjoy wonderful new experiences and live a life filled with more joy, abundance and prosperity.By gently guiding you into a very relaxed hypnotic state, where your subconscious mind is more open to suggestion, new ideas and new ways of being, this hypnosis session will help you reprogram your mind to focus on success, instead of failure, so you can embrace change with enthusiasm and hope. You'll improve your self-esteem and self-confidence. And you'll begin making small changes in your life that will make the big changes easier.You'll come to see change as the positive, life-improving experience it truly is. And you'll gain the confidence to leave fear behind and achieve anything you desire.To help you get the most from this hypnosis session, we'll include "Introduction to Hypnosis: Myths and Facts" absolutely FREE. This informative track breaks through the hype and misinformation about hypnosis to help you gain a better understanding of this relaxing, enjoyable, and highly effective way to make positive changes in yourself and your life.Whether you want to break a bad habit, start a relationship, change careers, or try something you've always wanted to do, Change Without Fear will help you take the steps necessary to make it happen.Overcome your fear of change and start living your life to the fullest. Download Change Without Fear today.Look for these other hypnosis downloads in the Personal Growth Series available on Amazon:The Journey to AchievementMaximum MotivationConfidence BoosterPersistence, Confidence and Success
I first heard Tammy Pescatelli on Last Comic Standing.  Then she had a Comedy Central 1/2 hour special.  I was so excited to find a full length comedy CD from her.  Even if some of the material is the same as the TV special, I have to support female comedians.
Scott's CD is funny and true. Enjoy it over and over again.The animals are right. Look to Scott.
I gave this four stars because this is very interesting material.  I read this book and it literally changed my life. I'm not even close to being where I could have been (I mean that negatively) had it not been for this book. The only knock is the way it's read.  It sounds canned (just my opinion). It loses something that you don't get from the reading (again, my opinion). Seriously, the principles are simple but if you take them to heart, YOU TRULY WILL THINK AND GROW RICH...so to sum up...if you are the type of person who can listen to anyone talk and absorb the meaning no matter, this gets 5 stars....if you are someone like myself who notices details like the intonation or inflection, then buy the book from Amazon and just read it.
Not only did I purchase the album I have followed this young guy around NYC to see him perform live.He happens to be a really funny guy that takes everyday situations and makes you think about them while you are dying laughing. I highly recommend taking a chance on Andrew the DragonSlayer.he has my vote :)
Of course there are several various Christmas albums geared towards children.  This one is not super different than any of the others, but it does allow parents to expose their children to different languages/songs from other parts of the world.  Overall, I am happy with the purchase and my son seems to enjoy listening to these songs!
The music on `A Haunting Presence' can best be described as progressive New Age/Ambient, sometimes infused with a small ammount of rock influenses. The soundscapes are highly melodic and ethereal, and will take you to places only your dreams can generate. One of my favourite tracks on this album has to be `Through Shifting Lines' as it has a great deal of melodic guitar textures that shines through like a pendulum from start to finish. Other great notable tracks are `Into A Solace Room' , with (as the album title says) it's haunting and evocative feeling throughout, and the track `Beneath' which is a rockier and more uptempo piece that keeps the pulse going on strong. The album closes in with the beautiful piano driven piece called ` In Seclusion'. This song is indeed gorgeous, especially if you play it loud using headphones!. All that said, `Transcend With Time' will, without a doubt, immerse you into a haunting presence. It's an astonishing and versatile album that demands attention and repeated listenings to really grow on you. It could perhaps best be described as a mix of Clannad (their instrumental works), Jeff Woodall and Simeon Harris. That said, pour all of these artists in a mixer and add some of Mark's own imaginary ideas, and this is the music you'll get!. Recommended!!
I gave it a 4 star because it doesn't have a lot of dynamics.  It is a good song for dancers of Cha Cha.
This album is great because, each song fits in very well with each of the robot masters of Mega Man 2 which is one of the best Mega Man games in the whole franchise.  I really loved the Metal Man featured song &#34;Metal Dance&#34;.  Its fun to play each robot masters level while listening to their featured song on this album.
For the price, I liked it with three or so really good songs.  This IS derived from videogames and feels more a recording of group that's more for bringing decent riffs to fan parties.
Myq Kaplan is not for everyone; his humor often consists of making fun of people who do not use words properly or jokes which require you, for example, to know what a rhombus is.  It is the revenge of the nerd upon the jocks and mean girls who mocked him in high school.  I thought the cd eventually became too repetitive, but he is a comic to watch, unless fart, poop and condom jokes are what you are seeking.
Great album, very funny. "The History of the Soviet Union" one is my favourite. I got this a while ago and my siblings and I are still getting chuckles out of it!
Are you a fan of folk music?  Accordions, guitars, the kind you're likely to hear in pubs?  Well, even if you're not, this is a unique album.  Most of the songs are in a style of traveling, street-folk music.For folk-style songs, they're extremely well-written.  The tunes may be simple, but the songs themselves are complex.  They're not repetitive, like most music is.  Just a couple short bridges, then repeat the chorus six times louder and louder.  These songs don't repeat themselves over and over.  They have lyrics, and they have a lot to say.  I like that in a song.That said, most of the songs are novelty.  They're funny and interesting the first couple times you hear them, after that they lose their novelty and all I want to do is skip them (The Midwife).  Some of them are quite distracting, like The Lonely Shepherd and My Darling.  It's the subject matter...  Again, funny the first few times, but it doesn't take long and you just wanna skip 'em and move on to a real song.The two big standouts are "Howard Hughes Blues", and The" Complete History of the Soviet Union..." (better known as the tetris song from the viral youtube video).  These two songs hint that the artists are capable of so much more than folksy songs.  They can write some incredibly clever, sophisticated lyrics on very high-brow topics.  I hope they continue in this.  Folk is all right, but for me it wears out its welcome quick.
You barely start listening to the debate, and you realize this guy Lenox is nothing but another Bin Laden, may be in an educated form. He starts with Christianity is based on logic and rest of the religions are not. He doesn't say, well Christianity is based on logic but I don't know about other religions! This can pretty much be blamed on his lack of diverse background. After Dawkin describes his background, Lonox describes that his background is also as diverse. He has lived in US, UK and Europe. No wonder he has intolerance for other beliefs as he has not been exposed to many cultures/religions and beliefs other that Christianity.I could very easily see, what Dawkin's point was as I grew up in a multi religious background. In my core group of 10 friends, there were Christians, Hindus, Muslims and Jains. So, it didn't took more than few adolescent years to figure out that all religions are pretty stupid in their own way. They were created to guide the society, but they failed when people started to use them for their own benefits. If you think recent stone-to-death of Iranian women is barbaric, just look Europe of a few decades past where they used to burn people alive accusing them as witches. I'm yet to come across any religion which doesn't have a punishment system for anyone that challenges the authority...Next Lenox says "Scientists were thrilled to discover that Universe came into being from nothing in 1960s, when it was something suggested by Bible all along". Well if you have started thinking, how stupid these scientists are compared to authors of Bible...your happiness is short lived! Search in net for 'nAsadeeyasUktam' from the vedas (1500-1000BC - Well aparently that means it came some 1000years before Jesus came). You will be surprised what is written there - "It talks about Matter and AntiMatter. Talks about existence came out of nothing and most interesting part is 'It raises the question if anyone will ever be able to tell us about BigBang as GODs were also not there, which pretty much suggests that God's(From any religion) are also handiwork of humans after creation'". So if you had started believing that scientists are stupid compared to Bible writers, I feel Bible writers were equally stupid compared to those philosophers who wrote Vedas some 1000years earlier! I would say philosophers, because they wrote down what they thought ...and it was pretty legitimate thought! But later on Hindu idiots took this philosophy, distorted it and started burning people on stakes.At another point Lenox blames 'Aristotle was the idiotic scientist who led to believe that sun goes around the earth'. Then what happened to Galileo? When it comes to BigBang, you sir start saying BigBang is described in bible well before scientists found out, why don't you then admit that well the philosophers who wrote the Bible actually did a mistake in few cases like assuming sun goes around the earth? Fellow readers. search net and in today's date you will find umpteen conferences, where they charge you 50odd bucks to explain you why Galileo was wrong and still sun goes around the earth and Government and NASA are covering up.Saying all that, I still respect the philosophers who wrote the Bible, Koran etc. They were cunning enough to provide enough twist for interpreters as these days any so called church sponsored scientist will say "Bible never mentioned earth is center, Bible says earth is spiritual center". Also "Four angels guarding four corners of earth was not pointing earth as flat, but was for N,S,E and W"Einstein once said "Except for Buddhism nothing else makes sense!" and recently I have started believing that, and yes I'm not a Buddhist!
Love workaholics, love their youtube stuff.  Wish they would come out with more music though!  Could definitely use more of that wizard weed.
LYNCH is one of those bands that when you are entering a club and you are not familiar with them, after a couple of minutes you start to pay attention.That is how I feel about "Window of Your Soul".  Once I received a copy of this melodic hard rock disc, I stopped what I was doing to give it a good listen.  Needless to say, I liked what I heard.  Songs like "Slow Down" and "Wash Me", definitely have their own unique vocal styling.  The guitarist, Mike Burke, compliments each song with his guitar playing and the whole band has a nice melodic sound.All in all, I would recommend "Window of Your Soul" to any fan that appreciates melodic hard rock.  I enjoy playing them on my station and look forward to more good music from LYNCH.
My husband has been listening to John Pinette YouTube clips and loves him.  This CD had similar material, but it was still funny and provided some good laughs while driving in the car.  There is the occasional F word in this CD.
Sticky dan says its gots some good tunes.  its a lot of music though, they musta used up all dat space with nuttin left on the cd. amazing  i like the song shine best. never did the download yet, cause i already bought da cd ya know ??
You may not have heard of her yet, but Ophira is as clever, if not more so, more surprising than Whitney Cummings and Chelsea Handler.  Her wry, often offbeat observations are amusing, even on such familiar grounds as marriage and her neuroses and shortcomings. Definitely worth a listen!
With art-comedy album Palpable, Robert Buscemi delivers a performance that is difficult to describe.  The routine is not usually laugh-out-loud funny because the jokes he tells are simple and silly.  Buscemi spends most of his time developing the long stretches of surrealistic monologues between the jokes.  They are bizarre interludes, indeed, but they aren't unpleasant; rather, they conjure fragmented narratives and weird images that are fun to think about.  Part of Buscemi's appeal is that he uses a higher vocabulary than most comedians, and he does so quite well.  In the end, Buscemi isn't what I look for in comedy.  But I tip my hat to him for composing a relatively clean, intelligent, and original performance.
Just what I was looking for as far as easing into a sleep state in the evenings. Not much else to add.
It's all been said many times before, but this is a good summation of turn-of-the-century thinking about the subconscious mind. Also, this is probably unusual for Larson, because there is no spiritual orientation here. It's all secular.This was originally called The Great Within, written in 1907. The recording is very good, and the narration satisfactory. A bit pricey for an mp3, but overall well worthwhile.Good pick for, not only fans of Larson, but of Wallace Wattles, Charles Haanel, Napoleon Hill, many others.
i love Paul Mooney and find this cd Funny  people are scared to talk about race paul Mooney is not one
If you are a fan of quality stand up then you are in for a treat.  This album was wonderful I would purchase another by Hal Sparks without a doubt.
I first saw hal Sparks on one of those VH1 shows and thought he delivered his script well. Then he guest hosted the Soup on E channel. Then nothing. I thought he was amusing so I gave this a listen and decided that when he wasn't being preachy he actually had a lot of good material. Worth the listen for the sweet tea bit alone.
I use this cd with my water aerobic classes. It is slightly techni sounding, but the arrangements are upbeat and the classes like the cd.
This music keeps me moving at a very fast pace - perfect for fast walking and keeps it from getting boring.  Good variety of music.
I Love the selections but I don't like how each song just cut off abruptly before going to next one.
Fantastic cd for moderately intense water aerobics. Songs are sing- a- longable (made that word up) Some are overly dramatic but I just play act singing them.
Best of Shape - Walking Workout is a great mix of songs.  The 128-134 BBM is perfect for my morning walk. The tracks play for an hour.  Just enough to fit into my morning routine.  And the songs run right into each other, whether you play them in order or shuffle them.  You never have to change your pace because a new song starts.  I would recommend this mix of songs if you want to get out there and walk.
Although it is a combination of some of Shape Walks other workouts, the music has been done a little differently, so that it is fun to power walk to.  I just did not care for the first track, since it is a little country; but otherwise a great little workout!
The entire album is set to the same beat and the gap between songs is about a second, if that long. Some songs seemed to last a little too long, but just as I was losing enthusiasm, a new song would mix in and get me going again. Because of the consistent beat, shuffling works pretty well, too...
Music has good solid beats and goes well with spinning classes. The cover songs are well done and really motivate and move you along
Great song selection on this track! They are upbeat and fun to exercise to. Only complaint I have is that they are not sung by the origional artists. Its much easier working out to music and this track keeps me going strong.
I got to use this dance mix with my seniors (80s and 90s).  Just wish the cover was different.  It was a little bare for most of them.
Great for people who listen to the Old Time Radio shows, but keep in mind it was originally recorded to a lower standard then what we hear today so it isn't going to be 21st century quality.  But it's a joy to hear the old radio detectives in spite of that.
What makes this product a charm is that it read by Alan Young, who played "Filby" in Pal's 1960 version ofThe Time Machine. Of course, Filby in the film was different than Filby in the book. Both have red hair, but there is where it stops. In the film, Filby's antagonism was assumed by Dr. Philip Hillyar (Sebastian Cabot).Still, Young's Scottish broughe is charming and welcome.
We are a high school football program that hosts a football combine during the off season.  We do this by inviting other teams to compete in athletic events(examples; t-test,40 yard dash, bench press,etc and the final event the bleep test) and show our players where they need to improve with their conditioning program(out of season).  The bleep test has all the participants in weight divisions so there are multiple winners.  The athletes absolutely love this event.The CD has the event all in stages so it is great to administer.  Years ago we had to do it by a stop watch and whistle.  We love the "THE BLEEP TEST CD".
Great to be able to have the cd of the Bleep Test...it can be hard to find and while there are downloads for this, out in the field (literally) it is very useful to have the cd to do the test.
Sara has a tremendous gift. She sings with real heart and a smooth style that will bring you to His throne. I look forward to more music in the future.
Adventure Galley is a band that is poised to explode on the alt rock/indie scene.  Having just won the Toyota Rock the Space 2 contest on MySpace, this Eugene, Oregon-based group has it all....original music, solid musicianship, and infectious sounds.  Do yourself a favor and get your hands on this.  It gets under your skin and finds a permanent niche in your brain.  My favorite track, and the one that aced the competition, is "Addict".  "Knife in the Sail" is another solid winner.Flip Soft Pouch for Flip Ultra and Mino Camcorders (Grey)
Small ThingsStraight talk about open relationships, which is something you don't hear every day. Meanders a little along the way, but by the time the book ended I knew a lot of stuff that I didn't know before about polyamory. The book is good hearted and, maybe most importantly, I just LIKED John more and more the further I read (listened, actually).
Bought this MP3 album to help drown out the street noise and neighbor's dogs.  I usually sleep with a small fan on in the room, and this album is a great compliment to it.  Most of the tracks are very soothing and relaxing... sound a lot like white noise when played at low volume (great for me).  A couple of the tracks, mainly those featuring ocean-waves and thunder, have a bit too much dynamic change in volume for my taste - those rapid changes in volume (ie: thunder) will wake me up, so I leave those out of the playlist.I loaded this album onto an iPod on a docking station, and played a few tracks on repeat.  Works great!  They play fairly seamless together so there is no big silent gap to disturb you from your rest.  Now I'm sleeping the whole night through without a hitch.  There are many of these types of albums on the market - sample the sounds before you buy to make sure they are right for you.  I am happy with this album and a good night's rest is worth a few bucks!
I am very impressed with Nu Savant's first album; it is very reminiscent of old school rock, infused with the band's own sound. The lead singer has a versatile voice often sounding like AC/DC's Bon Scott and band members are incredibly skilled musicians! The music is rockin, whimsical and has great hooks to get you singing along. I highly recommend you pick up a copy and check them out.
Very peaceful to listen to. Reminds me of the time that I spent on the beach. I would recommend it.
when I cannot sleep, I put on my head phones and just relax listening to the ocean and the rain.
I use it at night as a sleeping aid and it's been quite helpful. The sounds remind me of my own visits to the ocean shore.
Street noise makes it hard to get a good sleep without waking up. I downloaded this MP3 and am happy with results. The sound quality is very good. I feel into a deep sleep the other night for the first time in a while.Ocean waves mixed with wind and rain drowned out the street noise and was calming. If you can't leave by the ocean this could be an affordable sleep aid.
As a loyal Dr. Demento listener during the heyday Westwood One years, the Dr. Demento 20th Anniversary Collection is pure nostalgia and a great value at $18.00 ($9/volume) for a digital download.  There are classic tunes here that I remember hearing through my AM radio, after dark, using an earphone in bed because I was supposed to be sleeping.The collection isn't perfect.  As mentioned by another review, the artists aren't encoded into the MP3 files (nor are years).  Fortunately the album has a Wikipedia article so it's easy to grab that information and update it.The "Disc 1" and "Disc 2" MP3 downloads also don't match up with the CD in terms of which songs are on which disc, and in what order.  That's a little irritating when updating the artists but minor.One song from the original collection is missing, "Fish Heads" by Barnes and Barnes.  I assume it has to do with rights.  I managed to obtain that song elsewhere on MP3 to complete the collection.Irritations above aside, the music is great and instantly transports me back to high school.  MP3 coding and song order are picayune issues but giving it 4-stars due to the missing song.
I wish Amazon would put the actual artists who preformed these songs as artist. Instead of "Dr. Demento." Now I have to search through the net to find the correct artist names because someone at Amazon is lazy and/or stupid.Still, these are great comedy classics.
Recorded in 2010, you'll find a few familiar rants and toons from his popular web series on this comedy album, but notably this fills in the gaps for the storyline of Germaine's nervous breakdown. I'm glad that JIM keeps it fresh by including Pillz-e and Begley (as I began to miss the squirrel punk Brit ex-pat- think Sid Vicious), in his never-ending NYC cultural/social commentary. He's ballsy as ever telling it like it is whether it's Germaine's weight gain, the state of education, or people walking around zombified from a cocktail of trends and antidepressants. Don't be afraid to DL this if you want to mirthlessly grin... or do be afraid.
This is my second purchase from Pauli album. My 3 year old boy loved to listen his first album and he learned quite a lot.I'm very happy to find I found his second album. Please keep making it! The reason i deducted one star is his album needs a bit of consistency. Love kids voices so distinctive!!!
This album, apart from the occasional vulgarity, really keeps a party moving.  When I played it at my sister's graduation party people started drinking a lot more punch and laughing more and partying when it was on.  Super A++
These guys are good, If you've never heard cajun, download "Je Suis Fier De Toi" and get your dancing shoes on.
love it for falling to sleep although sometimes I wake up and wonder if it has rained. very realistic and lifelike
This is sort of a punk polka band. The album has a couple of unusually witty songs, so I have hopes for more and even better albums. I took one star off because I perceive a few of the songs as filler. Great drummer.
I must admit at first I was not very impressed with this album. I did enjoy the single "I Cho am a woman" and expected to find that song on here and more like it, but no. My attitude toward this album changed however after seeing Margaret in concert and having her tie these songs in with her live act. I developed an entirely new take on the album and now I own it, and appreciate it way more than someone browsing could possibly do in 30 second clips. It may be hard for fans who expect a certain routine, and are too unwilling to give Margaret more wiggle room as an artist. If you go into this album with an open mind you will find her voice is strong enough to pull it off, and the lyrics are clever. As a stand alone album I will agree it feels a bit out of place, but when incorporated with her live show, it's absolutely brilliant!
If you're looking for a stand-up routine, look elsewhere.  All Ms. Cho's other cd's have that covered.  This is a music album.  Some tracks are straight up comedy/spoofs, while others stand on their own as decent songs.  I was very pleasantly surprised listening to the album that there are a couple tracks in there that I really enjoyed (beyond the humorous lyrics!)  Good stuff, but go into with an open mind.  It's music AND it's funny.
I would recommend this program to anyone who needs that extra boost. This program will give you the confidence you need in feeling good about yourself and starting a weight loss program. So far so good.
I really like this one his voice relaxes me almost immediately.I just recently started listening to it so I don't know if I'll lose weight but enjoy it enough for the relaxation I get from it so even if I don't it would still be worth it.
When I first bought the MP3, I skipped to the middle and listened to the suggestions. The suggestions basically encourage you to drink and enjoy water, enjoy excercise and be purposeful about scheduling excercise each day, enjoy fruits, veggies, and other healthy foods more, to not desire fatty and fried foods, and there is a suggestion in there about your cells letting go of fat and increasing you metabolism. I don't know how much your mind controls your metabolism, so I'm skeptical if hypnotism is even a feasible way to speed up your metabolism, but I guess the suggestion can't hurt. Oh, there is also a suggestion that you'll stop eating when your satisfied and you will remain satisfied until your next meal, without feeling the urge to snack.I started listening to this on 7/12 (Fri) and today is 7/15 (Mon). I've been listening to it each night as I fall asleep. I have noticed that my cravings went away and I haven't felt the desire to eat unhealthy foods. I also drank only water (plus a glass of wine) over the weekend and never felt the need to pour a glass of juice. I drink mostly water anyway though, so that wasn't shocking. I also did not feel the urge to snack in between meals. I ate fruit each day for breakfast and my meals were either all veggie, or very veggie-heavy. At one point, I thought to myself &#34;Oh, I have cookie dough in the fridge; I should make some cookies&#34; but then I realized I didn't want any cookies (which is very unusual for me...I'm ALWAYS up for a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie). Oh, and the other evidence that this might be working was on Sunday. I went to the grocery store and hadn't eaten for like 7 hours, so I was hungry. Usually when I shop hungry, I buy a bunch of snacks and rip into a bag of chips to eat as I'm drivng home. I didn't have a grocery list, but I still gravitated toward (and bought) mostly fruits and veggies and some meat for the week's dinners (for my family, because I haven't been desiring meat at all since I started listening). When I got home I realized I didn't buy a single snack. And despite the fact that I was super hungry by the time I got home, I grabbed a plum to eat instead of heating up the super delicious leftover mac and cheese that was in my fridge. I also didn't snack at all and was up moving around cleaning and dancing to music all weekend.I don't know if the mp3 is working or if it's a placebo affect, but whichever it is, it's working to my benefit. One thing I didn't like about it was the lack of instructions. There is no intro track or anything that tells you how often, or for how long you are supposed to do this program. Is it a one time thing? Do you have to listen for weeks? Will the effect go away if you stop listening? Do I need to listen daily, weekly, or does it depend on the person? I wish they gave some sort of guidelines for people who are new to hypnosis. So far, listening once a day seems to do the trick for me, but I'll try weaning it down to every other day, then twice a week, then once a week, once a biweek, etc. I think I'm going to see how far I can stretch the sessions before I notice my cravings come back. Also, it would be nice to know if you can follow multiple hypnosis programs at the same time because I might want to try out some other topics.
From Upright Citizen's Brigade founder Matt Besser.Besser taped these after his home number was listed by K-Mart, Barnes and Noble, et. al as the consumer help line for internet assistance for programs they were offering.  Apparently, after calls to alert the companies involved  (or maybe not),  he recorded these.Poorly edited, a home-made job, but Besser is quick on his feet, rude, and funny as hell. Features earlier versions of some of his Comedy Bang Bang characters (like Bjork).Appalling and appallingly funny how poorly he treats innocent people, but as he states numerous times during the thing, "Hey, you called ME!"Wish there were more things around like this.  Spontaneous, and real. Really funny, too.
Great lyrical flow and I love the concept of the polarity switch. The only places that need improvement are the production and the choruses. Masta Artisan definitely gets better on each album and polarity switch shows marked improvement over &#34;Starving Artist/Hungry Emcee.
I found out about this album through the artist's web series of rap music criticism, and have been extremely pleased by the overall quality of this album.I bought it right before an extended road trip, and so had an opportunity to listen to it all the way through several times.The tone of the songs range from silly take offs of common rap tropes (Brag Tracks, &#34;Steal Your Girlfriend&#34; Tracks, ect) to more heartfelt fare.The only minor complaint I can think of is that the production quality of the beats is slightly lacking, at least in comparison to the sterling quality of the rhymes themselves.
I'm not even a fan of the Padres or the Chargers but thought this musical package was a treat.  Please, give us more.
I bought this track to help me relax and listen to after surgery. It's a very long track, so the value is very good, and the overall feel is really calm.Since this is supposed to be "a day in the country," it fittingly has some canned cow mooing and horse neighing that sounded a little funny to me at first, but I got used to it. Also, there's a bit of the sound of flies and bees buzzing around that was a little bit distracting, especially if you're listening with headphones on. I'd recommend this more for listening to on speakers as ambient noise, just because of the flying insect sounds! Nobody wants to feel like there's a bug flying around their head.Very nice track, though. I'm happy with the purchase!
This has made a difference in my sleep.  I go to sleep faster and feel better when I wake upl
Love the music, but cannot say that it helped me sleep!  The music was so absorbing it kept me awake!
Just started using and it really helps to fall asleep. Ambient music is the best and this is very well done.
I like this download, the only bother is a cow mooing when I'm almost asleep. It is a country noise but it stands out a lot amongst the other sounds.
I haven't listened to this enough yet, but it seems fun and the baby likes it. Song titles are a riot.
This is a good collection of Scripture to memorize with the goal of strengthening one's spirit. It can be used simply as a passive listener and to actively memorize. I wish there were more if these on various topics such as faith, forgiveness etc. I recommend this for anyone working on putting the flesh down. For me it's helpful to win the battle if overeating.
I bought this mp3 after being introduced to the version for the iphone by a friend. I listen to it at the end of the day right before bed. Even on the nights when I am super wired listening to this mp3 makes such a difference. Soothing voice, melodious calming music. The one caveat I have with this download is that it does not have chapters/tracks  so you don't have the option of NOT listening to the countdown at the end of the download.
I chose 4 stars because th app was tremendously helpful, but instead of continuing to talk and suggest sleep all the way to the end, he stops and some kind of quiet music plays. Overall, a good buy.
Artist: Celeste FriedmanAlbum: Single 101Review by Wildy HaskellCeleste Friedman is a highly lauded singer/songwriter/composer whose work has been featured on Live! With Regis And Kelly; The Ghost Hunter; A Prairie Home Companion; National Public Radio; Music Choice and ESPN.  A 2005 GRAMMY nominee, Friedman can lay claim to a #1 album, a GrIndie Award, Indie Track Of The Year Award, and a nomination for Artist of the Year in the Netherlands.  Friedman is also a prolific author, with her most recent book, Single 101: 101 Reasons To Celebrate Being Single raising the curtain on her own life and the joys of going it alone.  Concurrently, Friedman has written a collection of songs, also entitled Single 101, which serve as a musical companion to the book.  Friedman digs deep into the emotions of joy and loss, using humor and insight to parse emotions and get to the simple truths that lay underneath.Single 101 opens with "The Dribble On My Pillow", an amusing little ode to night drool done in a cute, classic pop style complete with hand claps.  There's a certain cheese factor, but it's all tongue in cheek and entertaining.  "Gotta Get It Right, Gotta Get It Straight" is all about trying to get your bearings, even taking time out from a relationship to find your true north.  This is the proverbial foot out the door whose status as a relationship clich&eacute; doesn't mitigate its occasional truth.  Friedman celebrates reclaiming her bed as her own in the wake of a relationship with "Mattress, Sweet Mattress", a bit of hokey fun that will hit home with most anyone newly single."I Can Change My Mind" underlines the classic line about a woman's prerogative with a funky bass line and some of the best piano work you'll hear in one of the best all-around tracks on the album.  "My Bra And His Underwear" is a humorous take on the comingling of a couple's undies in light of their fading shared libido.  It's a cute and funny bit of commentary in song that has the advantage of being informed by truth."Batteries Not Included" is an ode to the sort of products that make living on your own more bearable.  In this funny little tune, Friedman explores the purchase of one such item from the internet, right down to getting dressed up for the delivery and the knowing grin from the UPS man.  Everything comes together for Friedman on this number, from the vaguely nervous, almost Christine-Lavin style sense of humor to the musical arrangement.  Friedman tackles such subjects as emotional eating ("I'm Pudding On Weight") and the unintended side effects of garments from Victoria's Secret ("Suddenly We're All French") before settling into a surprisingly serious love ballad entitled "This Time".  Here Friedman shows a bit of 1980's pop/R&B; pastiche in a tune that sounds like it should have charted twenty-five years ago."Three Little Words" is a bluesy number about a partner who just can't say the right things, and leads into the woeful melancholy of "Taken Away".  It's hard to discern exactly what Friedman's intent is with this tune, but the musical approach is a bit off the beaten path and intriguing.  Friedman slips her funny shoes back on with "Barbie's Got The Blues", projecting relationship troubles onto America's favorite anatomically unlikely plaything.  "Flying Solo" is a song of independence that throws off the shackles of expectation.  Stylistically jazzy and fun, Friedman channels her inner Nellie McKay for one of the best turns on the album.  Friedman closes with "Every Day Is Independence Day", a song that touts the opportunities and possibilities made available by being single, delivered in a semi-big band style arrangement.  It's a nice closer that supports Friedman's sense of celebration of singlehood.Celeste Friedman mixes funny and serious moments on Single 101.  As a stand-alone album Single 101 has enough light and dark to give a full reflection to the ups and downs of relationships and also of choosing to be on your own.  As a soundtrack for Friedman's book of the same name it is a sublime companion.  The musical ups and downs on Single 101 are quite comparable to those found in life.  If by design this is pure genius.  If by accident then it is the sort of socio-musical accident that is the by-product of artistry.  Either way, Single 101 is an entertaining farce that pauses to uncover some of the more serious truths that lay beneath its comical face.Review by Wildy Haskell
This effort provides some context and insight into how emotions impact human behavior and how these emotions can be read. Its not revolutionary but worthwhile.
Good but could have had more obvious howling wind.  But all in all a good cd and would recommend it to friends. I am still looking for a great &#34;howling wind&#34; cd.
A little brutal but if wild and haunting is your desire, this is perfect.  Not great for sleeping but excellent for reading Stephen King novels.
So, first off full disclosure is that I'm a big fan of Bill Burr's observational humor. Just because he is legit. You know he really thinks these thoughts, you know his disdain/anger is real, and you know he being too politically correct to anybody is not at the top of his list (it's on there but at like the bottom). I've liked him since I heard "Why Do I Do This".His comedy is generally observations and social critiques on various aspect of American livelihood, it isnt Steven Wright-esque humor full of one-liners. Some sensitive types will find offensive (though really, if you do you are probably the one he's lampooning or havent heard harsher dark comedy that goes much worse than this).Before, the premiere of this album I saw him live like a year before and was not impressed. Though, after buying this new album I dont recall much of the jokes from his live appearance ending up on this CD so I am assuming he threw out most of the stuff that didn't work. Still though, I dont think this album will ever equate to the great tracks that were on "Why Do I Do This"/"Emotionally Unavailable", although the album is still great imo 4.5 out of 5 stars.I in particular the great tracks on this album concern"Being a Mother, Oddly Racist, Don't Wanna Be That Guy, Little Things, What Are You, A Fag". He took a lot of flak for "Being A Mother".
This album had me spitting water out of my nose with some of the things he says.  The parodies are great.  My only complaint is the bonus album was not half as good as the album itself.
I really like this disk. Smut is a modern day version of Carmina Burana poetry.  There's a pop and ancient pop sound to some of the tracks.  It's a bit on the short side as albums go but worth it.  Some fun vocals not in English.
This is a great folk-style kid's album. The style is fun without being condescending--I have no problem listening to this as folk music, without any kids around! The album mixes children's standards with original work, and they blend well...except by recognition, it's often hard to guess which are which...and the MP3 version of the album doesn't say. Among the best of the traditionals is an exuberant rendition of "Jenny Jenkins"--the giggly requests for colors create a convincing illusion of a think-on-your-feet camp song that is often missing from other recorded versions. Another is "Comin' Round the Mountain"--for me, when I was a kid, this song was always one of the least interesting of the traditionals, bland and unrelatable. But in the hands of the ECC players it gets new life, with a structure that uses catch phrases to recall each of the early verses after every chorus for a fun sing-along.One of the originals is "The Odyssey Song," which manages to pack an entire synopsis of Homer's epic in to a little over 3 minutes, with a catchy sing-along refrain and lots of funny takes in the verses for adults or older kids familiar with the story. Another (I think) is "The Grass is Greener," a morality lesson on envy, first as expressed by situations kids face, but then with a verse reminding adults they face the same choices--the result is evocative of Woody Guthrie.The sound mixing on this album isn't always perfect--sometimes the vocals are a little quiet--but it's not the kind of music that has to sound perfectly polished.One warning: there is a "hidden track" at the end of the album (although of course it's not particularly hidden on an MP3 album; it's just preceded by a 5 minute silent track) that is the strangest of all, a jam of wild sounds. It's interesting music, but for a very small child could perhaps be scary...particularly when you thought the music had stopped! But with an MP3 album, it's easy to deselect that track, or at least the silence before it.
William Conrad has a voice made for radio.  He really makes this radio western come to life.  No wonder it lasted for over a decade on radio before two more decades on TV.
Along with its companion Vol. 2, this compilation collects instrumental recordings that were featured on Bonneville's syndicated BM/EZ radio format in the 1970s and '80s, under the name "Buckingham Strings". The sound quality is a little underwhelming (most likely owing to the age of the original tapes), but the music itself is well-arranged and makes for pleasant background listening during the holidays.