I played several times during the holiday as background Christmas activity music. Enjoyed it. On the last Sunday night in Advent, I retreated into my chair with a glass of wine, some candles and a cat in my lap. Incredibly spiritual and restful music. Can't wait for the first Sunday in Advent evening.
This music uses period instruments and the recording doesn't sound too high tech. It has a quaint ambiance that I just love and it takes me hundreds of years back in time. I highly recommend it.
I have been putting together a nice smooth jazz christmas playlist for years.  Every year I add a few new ones.  I like to hear some jazz guitar, piano and sax.  I realized that I didn't have any nice mellow clarinet christmas jazz.  After searching, I came across this album.  Most of the clarinet selections are quite nice and fit in well with my playlist.  The clarinet sound is very good with an excellent timbre and good production quality.  I highly recommend these songs.  (I only bought the ones with clarinet - so I can't speak towards the other songs.)
The CD is awesome. It was very enlightening to hear a woman speak so honestly of her relationships. "Black is only my color" is deep as is "Give me my flowers while I"m living." To hear your daughter on the CD was very moving.
I think this is my favorite Jah Wobble solo album.  It doesn't really rock the way Legend Lives On/Betrayal does, but it seems to be more of an original, self-actualized effort than that album, which was put together using some leftover PIL session tracks, I believe.There's some hinting at Middle Eastern musical styles here, and some rudimentary stabs at droll spoken word over ambient backing tracks too.  Both of these themes would re-emerge on later efforts, like Rising Above Bedlam and Take Me to God, but feel more soulful and less contrived here in their more primitive state.It's sort of like a missing link between the dour, futuristic, avant-noise of PIL and the brightly colored world-pop of of Rising Above Bedlam and Take Me to God.Wobble's bass playing is heavy, trance-inducing, meandering and contemplative.  The guitar textures have that glassy, 80's shredder sound, and the drumming is crisp and tightly wound around the bass lines.  At times it makes you want to sit there scratching your chin in introspection, while at others it might even make you want to dance.My two favorite tracks are "Drowned and Saved" and "So Many Years", but it's a good album to listen to for long stretches, if not start to finish, as the tracks here would be a bit out of place in your standard ipod-style shuffle mix.  Consider that a testament to what a unique sound this album brings to your music collection.
If you love the Beatles and you love Christmas music, it doesn't get any better than this. The Butties have mashed togeter classic Christmas lyrics with popular Beatles tunes. You've really got to hear it to get the full effect, but Beatle fans will not be dissapointed! A great album to add to your collection.
In the 90ies a co-worker gave me a toy stuffed rain deer for Christmas.  When you pushed the stomach the deer would sing this cut song.  After it quit working some years later I wanted to have the song.  Easily found it on Amazon and have enjoyed it very much.
This explanation provided an interesting and succinct history of the opera and overview of the story. Music from the opera was inserted appropriately to provide good focus on the key points.
This compilation contains many well-known Renaissance dances and songs with their recurring themes of love, religion, eating and drinking or a mix of those.TextsThe love songs here are mostly high praises of the loved one. In (3 &#8211; Anon.) &#8216;never was a more beautiful born.&#8217; In (18 &#8211; C. de Sermisy) &#8216;For I have the love of a beautiful woman.&#8217; In (24 &#8211; J. Clemens non Papa) &#8216;a lily among thorns, so is my beloved among women.&#8217; In (27 &#8211; Lassus) &#8216;Good day my dear lady-love.&#8217;But, trysts are the subject of (6 &#8211; &#8216;I went out last night&#8217; by C. Souliaert), (17 &#8211; &#8216;Or vien a&#8217; by C. Janequin &#8211; see later), (20 &#8211; &#8216;My little shepherdess&#8217; by J. Arcadelt) and (29 &#8211; &#8216;A young monk&#8217; by Lassus), the latter with &#8216;two naked bodies between the sheets&#8217;.&#8216;Physical&#8217; love is highly commended in (4 &#8211; Anon.) &#8216;seek solace in women&#8217;, but heavily rebuked in (23 &#8211; A. Willaert) &#8216;sullen old hags are good for nothing&#8217;.In sharp contrast stands (15 &#8211; Anon.), where the fair sex is portrayed as a bunch of gossipers: &#8216;the one gossiper knows the other well&#8217;.The religious texts are rather thanks for received favors. In (1 &#8211; A. Willaert) &#8216;he who has done great things for me is almighty&#8221;, in (31 &#8211; Lassus) &#8216;Glory to the one God for his manifold grace which grants his reward&#8217; and in (13 &#8211; J. Lh&eacute;ritier) &#8216;Christ the paschal lamb was sacrificed for us.&#8217;Eating and drinking are mixed with religion in (7 &#8211; &#8216;Prayer before Meat&#8217; and 8 &#8211; &#8216;Grace after Meat&#8217; by J. Clemens non Papa). For A. von Bruck in (15) &#8216;so are we all drinking&#8217;, while in (19 &#8211; C. de Sermisy) one has to &#8216;attack the bottle while eating a fat ham.&#8217;But the most important song of all is (28 &#8211; &#8216;Beautiful the crystal&#8217; by Lassus) with its verse &#8216;Beauteous peace alone adorns the world&#8217; (not &#8216;along&#8217; - translation error).The text and the translation of (17 &#8211; &#8216;Or vien a&#8217; by C. Janequin) is not published in the booklet, obviously because of its overt sexual vocabulary. But, one should publish the text or simply not include the song in a recital. Hereafter a shortened version: Or vien a, m&#8217;amye Perrette, ton cul servira de trompette, et ton devant fera la feste, si te plaist de nous le louer. Ta musette godinette nous fera danser sus l&#8217;herbette frisque et nette, puis recon, recommencer. Nous dirons une chansonnette, nos deux corps irons esprouver. J&#8217;en ay si grant envye. Mignonette, jolyette, veulx tu t&#8217;avancer ? En chambrette bien secrette le jeu commancer.&#8217;MusicThe instrumental pieces shine brightly through their pure melodies (2, 5, 30), which are sometimes combined with echo play between the instruments (9, 14, 21, 23).The songs explode in magnificent polyphonic sound waves created by the different voices (1, 8, 24, 27, 31), and shine through their pure melodies (18, 20, 21) combined with echo/imitation plays between the instruments and the voices (3, 4, 15) or through the rhythmic imitations (17).The absolute highlights of this recital are the divine (18 &#8211; &#8216;So long as I am in my prime&#8217; by C. de Sermisy) wonderfully interpreted by the Scholars of London, and (28 &#8211; &#8216;Beauteous the crystal&#8217; by Lassus).A magnificent CD. However, two regrets: translation of the texts only in English (not perfect) and no text for the song of C. Janequin.A must have.
You cannot go wrong with this download. You get a great sounding band organ that kids will love and adults will love it also. I own it and it is wonderful. Great for kids parties or adult listening.
I had the album on repeat the entirety of my son's first birthday party. It was carnival themed and this set the mood perfectly.
We purchased this music just before our son's carnival birthday party when he was 10 years old. With this music playing in the background, it gave everyone a real feeling of being at a carnival. Corn dogs, sno-cones, games & more...this just added to the day of fun!
Perfect sound for my purposes.  The kids love the sound, like the circus!  A full hour of music to enjoy.
Used it in a carnival/bazaar at our church this past Memorial Day. Put it the iPod, continuous play, and we're set.
I enjoyed this CD fully. There are birds and I would love to find a "forest" recording which features the other creatures of the forest,for a change...there must be some. The birds here don't get too out-of-control, however and what I especially liked was the sound of  ? I guess it was the wind in the trees. That created a very "soft" feathery feeling to the recording which makes it very relaxing and a very useful somnolence aid as well as superb "white noise".Highly recommended.
. . . well, you're not going to get completely over it with this recording, but what there is is very subtle, and mostly gives way to the wind in the trees and the wildlife.Another great title from the Nature Sound Series.
Another relaxing nature sound that relaxes me and allow me to get the sleep I need at night. Try it out!
Excellent for Worship. We do not have a piano player and this has been a huge help. Easy to download.
I found this album most peaceful and soothing. I have added it to my other favorite s by Marina Rate. The music will speak to your soul and remind you of your sacredness.
The CD includes the recitation of Surat Yusuf,and then there is English explanation.  This is very good for children and adults who want to listen to an Imam who has a very beautiful and calming voice.  I highly recommend it.
These guys are so awesome live and just like the album when performing. Ixnay Beastie Boys, these guys got it on lock like Brinks!
This is a great CD for the Christmas season...it fits right in there with John Denvers's Christmas, Nat King Cole, Bing Crosby..and all the classics.Great songs and some new Christmas classics.  She sings them beautifully.
This is a trip!  A audio recording of a historical tour of one of America's most haunted places, and strange stuff happens to the crew along the way!  I was in the dark, lights off, and creeped out the whole time!  Well worth it!
My kids, ages 7 and 11, love this CD. They've listed to it start to finish several times by now, and it's been a godsend on several long road trips. They never get tired of the stories. I've also noticed that when it's in the CD payer in the car and their friends get in, some of the kids don't want to get out at their houses until a story finishes. Hands down, everyone's favorite has been "A Sense of Theft," the story of Zena who lives near a baker and is accused in court of stealing the smell of bread. The stories are carefully selected, and beautifully read. My family recommends this CD to all school-age children, and pre-teens as well. (The two adults in our car think it's pretty great, too.)
This is a wonderful CD, narrated beautifully, of folklore from around the world.  Everyone I know who has heard this award-winning compilation has fallen in love with it.  I know of several long-distance road trips with the kids that were saved single-handedly by this compelling and magical collection of folktales.  I recommend "Tell Me A Story" very, very highly.
This gem of a CD won a Parents Choice Silver Award - a trusted name for quality reviews. There are several interesting folk stories that are very entertaining and engage children to think about child-appropriate life lesson. Historically, folk tales have helped teach children simple but important wisdom, and this wonderful CD does that. The multiple actors have great voices and really bring the stories to life. My daughters listened and seemed engaged. This CD is well made and modern in that sense, and yet it is old fashioned in a good way - like good parenting.My two daughters have been listening to great story books like this (and Jim Weiss) for years (as well as good children's music and lots of books), and they are both in the gifted and talented programs at their schools. Quality CDs like this will return your investment many times over.
Named &#34;Best Holiday Album&#34; at the 1998 Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards, &#34;En Riktig Jul&#34; is a gossamer-fine collection of thirteen songs, sung in Swedish. While only &#34;Stille Nacht&#34; (Silent Night) is recognizable to us non-Swedes, the mood requires no translation. The Real Group's sound integrates the smoothest jazz progressions into an adult contemporary motif, creating a tonal landscape of unsullied purity. The bell chords of &#34;Sang Till Karl-Bertil Johnsson, 14 ar&#34; segue into an understated lead, spotlighted against an arpeggiated backdrop of notes, melting as they fall...&#34;Glans Over Sjo Och Strand&#34; sounds like a hopeful hymn of possibility to the coming year, while &#34;Fridfull Och Stilla?&#34; uses binary form to create a musical oxymoron: a rapidly descending series of fifths, juxtaposed between a slow and deliberate 3/4 processional.Songlist: Stilla Natt, Bereden Vag For Herran, Det Ar En Ros Utsprungen, Sang Till Karl-Bertil Jonsson, Glans Over Sjo Och Strand, Sankta Lucia, Nar Det Lider Mot Jul, En Riktig Jul, Vem Skulle Vilja Ha En Jul Utan Jul, Julbocken, Fridfull Och Stilla?, Tomtarnas Julnatt, Sprakande Julmedleyreview from singers [dot com
I don't speak the language but this has become my favorite album of Christmas season music. (and I'm an atheist!)
This is a simple and sweet CD with some classic songs on it and not as well known.Oh Holy Night is great!  Pacific Chorale choir out of the OC is singing on this song.
Hilarious clips from a great show and wonderful comedy duo. It really is a great way to spend an afternoon!
I've been downloading a lot of Scharpling & Wurster content since the Best Show on WFMU ended its run last month. This is another great collection of Jon&#8217;s calls to Tom.
Discovered this guy on Hulu in the movie "Punching the Clown."  I bought a DVD of the movie and this CD afterwards.  Very funny twist on the singer-songwriter genre.
I have listened to much of Gabrielle Roth's music and videos of dancing. I will miss her presence, her art work of putting music and dance together is amazing. When I put the music on I want to begin moving to my own rhythm not about being perfect. The music opens my soul to unlimited possibilities of movement.
Emma Ninel is my most favorite voice in the worldI feel her songs in my heart and her voice washes the listener of all the noise.Emma's voice is healing - genuine and perfect as isIf you love beautiful soft music that will transport you to a peaceful placethis is for you.
I have listened to this album and think the world should know about this singer/songwriter, Emma Ninel. Her voice is ethereal, fluid, moving, clear, and angelic. More I can't say. Listen for yourself. You'll be glad you did.Susan
My 6-yr-old son wanted a Dan Crow cd after he came to his school, so we first listened to several songs for free on Spotify.  I told him to write down his favorite ones and most of them were on this cd so we bought it.
I don't know why, but every time I hear "There's a New Sound" I fall on the floor in helpless giggles. Try it on your kids. I bet they do too.
I really love to listen to this CD of New Zealand.  It's a very high, clear quality and is worth every penny.
This is a great find, and I highly recommend picking it up.  Add the entire thing to your Christmas Party Playlist, and I guarantee someone will comment on it and ask where you got it.  I found it by accident;  The third track (The Nutcracker Suite (Operatica's Nutcrackeratica Mix)) was included on a Sampler CD my wife got from Sunglasses Hut a few years ago around the holidays.  When I looked to see who performed it, and it said "Berlin Symphony Orchestra", I thought it was a typo, or that the group's name was a joke.  So, looking for other recordings of the Berlin Symphony, I found this disc as well, and it's worth the price of admission.
I love these remixes...smooth and fun on most of them. If you like interesting remixes of old classics, try this. You won't regret it!
I really loved this its fabulous and quite wonderful! A wonderful addition to my digital library if ever there was!
I was lucky enough to get this CD last Christmas and it has become a favorite. While it has many of the traditional Christmas classics on it, my favorite songs are the ones you rarely find on other CD's. My favorite is Joseph's Song followed by Fireplace. Other favorites are I Wonder as I Wander and Christmas Time is Here. There is a terrific arrangement of I'll be Home for Christmas and even a song for New Year's!  Buy this CD it's terrific!
Very good disc to spend with family and friends to liven up and entertain both young and old at gatherings
Exactly what I've been looking for. This is an album of Christmas hymns which doesn't alter the music. Simple, clear, elegant WONDERFUL for anyone who appreciates the inherent beauty of classic hymns.
David Francey's album makes a great addition to any Christmas collection. Great vocals and choice of songs on this album. This is the perfect album for background music at a Christmas party, or to open presents to on Christmas morning.
We met young Bryant a few years ago when he was demonstrating his profound piano abilities at the NE Mall. Not wanting to seem rude to the young pianist, we purchased this CD on a whim.  When Christmas rolled around a few months later, I dug the CD out and gave it some play time. Oh My Goodness! I didn't know what I was missing! Ricardo and Bryant's command of the piano was so moving, none of my other Christmas CDs got a turn. Unfortunately, some how over the years the CD has come up missing (probably left it at one of the family's house during holiday gatherings); leaving me frantically looking for another copy. In my opinion, no other Christmas music even comes close to this one.  There is no singing; all songs are performed on the piano and it is just amazing! I didn't see it offered on Amazon last year and on a fluke I did a search for it again yesterday and there it was! Thank you; Thank you, Amazon! I couldn't hit the 'buy' button fast enough! Even though Christmas has passed, I had to listen to it again and you know what?  It is still my most favorite Christmas CD (now .mp3!)  I am looking forward to Christmas again!
I LIKE PUTTING A SHORT MONOLOG BETWEEN SETS ON SOME OF MY PLAYLISTS OF ZEPPELIN THEY ARE A BIT TOO LONG.
The only reason I can see for the toy dolls not being well known is that they are very silly.  Check out some of their videos on you tube especially &#34;Nelly the Elephant&#34; and their very strange version of dueling banjos.  If you ever liked punk at all (not hardcore more of the Ramones/Sex Pistols type stuff) then you really should give this a listen and make up your own mind.
Good information in the first half of the CD .  There is a nice meditation on the CD that I enjoyed following.
I read her book then bought this CD on my Kindle Fire, very sweet...would buy more of her work when she has more.
These are some deeply spiritual chants. Listen to them with devotion and attention for the full benefit. The male and female voices combine in a beautiful harmony, and the deep devotion with which they sing comes through clearly. These are ancient chants and they have been infused over the ages with Divine vibrations, which can bring healing and spiritual blessings to anyone who is willing to open to their power. Blessings.
I really like these mantras. They have proven to be very effective. Shri Anandi's voice is very caring and sincere.  I found her comforting.  I feel these mantras have improved my meditation practice significantly.
I was going to have lung surgery and I needed something to give me positive thinking.  This was just perfect for me.  I listened to it often before my surgery and after too.  I think my speedy recovery was due in part to the positive thoughts I received form this recording.  It is very worthwhile.
Pema Chodron saved my life. Her wonderful, warm and witty wisdom will lift you up and also make you take a good hard look at yourself. I can't recommend this audiobook more strongly.
Pema Chodron is a masterful storyteller and has a wonderful way of relating buddhist teachings in a western way that is is rare. She is simply wonderful. Love her. Thank you Pema!!
A useful introduction to Tonglen practice... very accessibly presented.  Tonglen is the Tibetan practice in which you take in pain or suffering on the in-breath and exhale warmth, love and spaciousness, transforming suffering to positive energy.  The practice is easy to use without further elaborate training, and I found it immediately useful for some sad experiences I am having.  If you're not a Pema fan already, this may make you one.  Her presentation is friendly, straightforward and aimed at beginning Tonglen students, but a knowledge of basic Buddhist meditation practice and concepts would help listeners.
There is much in the news today about the Chinese juggernaut and it's implications for the west. If this album is any indication, comedy is yet another area in which the Chinese will soon dominate - and rightly so too. &#34;Secrets words of Mice&#34; is probably the most dead-on comedy about mice that I've ever heard. Not a surprise though, since rodents originated in Asia, giving the Chinese a few millenia to observe the little rascals and hone their shtick. &#34;The Revenge of Fake Wine&#34; rings so true, you don't know whether to laugh or cry. &#34;Understanding of Hou Da&#34; easily stands as social commentary equal to anything Richard Pryor has put to vinyl. &#34;More or Less&#34; is exactly that. &#34;Visiting The Patient&#34; reminds you of why you need to get all your shots before going to Beijing, and to pray that you don't get sick from the food. &#34;Point Out Mother as a Horse&#34; is so rich it could be expanded to a movie (my suggestion-Sarah Jessica Parker in the mother/horse role). The comedy baton has been passed.
I love this band, and had been looking for this CD in stores for a few weeks. Considering they have a relatively small fan base, and this is their first official CD, it was difficult to find in stores. Ended up ordering online, and I love it. You definitely have to listen to some songs a couple of times before making a final judgement, but if you like Ludo to begin with, you will certainly love this CD.
OK to be honest, I had never heard of Ludo until I saw them open for The Presidents at House of Blues in Anaheim a couple of weeks ago.  They ROCKED!!  So I decided to buy a copy of their album, I was not disappointed.Their quirky lyrics over the heavy ska/punk instrumentals makes for a great combination, and Ludo has quickly taken their position as a most played on my MP3 player.Great songs, lots of fun, mounds of attitude, and `I can watch Good Will Hunting by myself!'
Love the soft jazz ...the Christmas Waltz is one of my all-time favotites!Easy payment...easy down-load. processExcellent Holiday Choice.
This collection of skits from the Best Show on WFMU is both magnificently bizarre semi-improv with some very amusing characters, as well as surprisingly insightful at times, especially in regards to the music industry.
I first heard this man in Iraq, and i've been hooked ever since.  This cd will make your gut hurt.
I was listening to Sirius Sateliite Radio's comedy channel (Raw Dog) and heard a few of Bobby Collin's bits (for the first time) in the last two weeks and I was laughing hysterically after each one.  So I went out and bought this CD...Within an hour I popped it in my car's cd player and listened to it as my wife and I had to run some errands..  There were two sounds in the car while we were listening... silence as we were listening to the set up, and laughter at the payoff!  The situations that Bobby talks about hit a little too close to home many times, and his responses to these situations were great...I will definitely pick up more of his earlier D's in the very near future..  Listen to any of the sample tracks of this album and i think you'll be hooked...
I purchased this cd by "accident" and boy am I thrilled I had this accident......Bobby Collins is a clean,hystical,and a wonderful comedian for lack of better words. I also purchased his "Out of Bounds" cd which is equally as wonderful. Wish he had more out there. My favorite "skits" on the I wanna go home cd is #11 and #12. So easy to relate to as he talks about his 3 daughters, tripping over hormones,how his cat treats him like kitchen help and how his dog thinks he is just th most wonderful man in the world. If you get the chance buy this cd and have it shipped overnight.
I heard a bit from this album on Sirius.  Some of his one liners and side remarks had me laughing days later.  I bought the album and was happy I did.  I've listened to it now about 8 times.  I don't mind profanity and vulgar comedy, but I am impressed when a comedian can make me laugh without them.  Gary is one of the few that can do this.  If it helps, think of him as an older Brian Regan with Native-American lineage and country music roots.  People in the 50+ age group would appreciate his humor the most, I think.  His Native American "wisdom", sardonic sense of humor, and random and very brief musical "interruptions" are definitely worth a listen.
This was a very good album. This is a simple classic comedy album and is good clean fun with a little Johnny cash thrown in
Exactly what you would expect from a United States military performing ensemble.  I have always loved the Singing Sergeants, and this recording does not disappoint.
Im new to alan watts, but I find it is helping me.I am looking forward to hearing more soon.
This audio is the best introduction to Alan Watts, in my opinion--short bits, very entertaining, and will flip your idea of world around.
Alan Watts: thank heaven he is still with us thru audio and video. A great teacher. Learning the Human Game is enjoyable to listen to at home or on the go. Very centering.
This is a process that is done most powerfully in a group, I think. While it is extremely personal on one level, to know that others are releasing their pain and suffering in such a way as you are, is comforting and inspiring.I would say it would be helpful,but not absolutely necessary,to have some basic knowledge of the underlying premises of Buddhism in order to get the full effect of this process. The resultant freedom one experiences after such a practice is indescribable!Sister Chan Khong's deep relaxation exercise is an utter cradling of the body/mind/spirit.
Technology changes, but this set of recordings by Ken Cohen is just as powerful as it was when I got my first copy on cassette tape 10 years ago. Then I got it on CD, and now MP3 so I can have it wherever I go.Ken Cohen has been life-changing for me. When I was recovering from cancer surgery 10 years ago, I thought I would learn some more about meditation, relaxation and self-healing through breathing and visualization. The Power of Qi was just the ticket. I had a quick recovery with a postive mindset and have never felt heatlhier. As a complement to the medicine/treatment from my doctors, this helped me feel I could do something to help myself in a very helpless situation.Since that time, I use these recordings weekly, if not daily, and love how they help me manage my stress and health. I feel great, have energy every day and have learned to look at things from a more "energetic" viewpoint. I know that our energy can help us or hurt us, so I try every day to stay positive, active and centered. I love it! Pax.
I'm trying to heal my kidney problems and I really liked these exercises. Downloaded them to my Ipod and I can do them anywhere.
Ron white is one of the funniest people I've heard. I have almost all of the things he's done. Don't forget your drink.
Best crass jokes I've heard in ages! Funny and Fast! It made me want to buy more of his stuff - and I did.
Great comedy from Scharpling & Wurster. For those not familiar with The Best Show on WFMU, these are calls to Tom&#8217;s weekly radio show from the residents of Newbridge, NJ.  Scharpling & Wurster&#8217;s Newbridge is a lot like Garrison Keillor&#8217;s Lake Wobegone, except funny.
I needed some cheesy sounds for Halloween and this looked like it would fit the bill.I was wrong but this is fantastic -- genuinely scary.  Think dark ambient with horror mixed in.  The whole thing is very well crafted and flows great.  I could see listening to this regularly if it wasn't for the screams, grunts and other assorted horrors.  Download now...
This is a good solid hour of ambiance.  For what it's meant to be, it's great.  If you're wanting actual melodic tunes, I'd suggest spending more money and purchasing a Midnight Syndicate album.  Sixty minutes of low rumbles, occasional screams, grunts and chains will fit my yard haunt perfectly.
What a perfect way to get the best version of a CD! Amazon takes the digital download album with its quality recordings and compiles them onto disc... and you know it is the real thing too!
Dickie Goodman was the greatest break-in comedy writer ever. I will be happy if they come out with many, many more.
I've heard Dickie Goodman's Novelty songs since the 70's and thought they were pretty interesting. I even have a couple of 45's. When I came upon his Cd collection,I had to purchase it.He has a fascinating sence of humor about the troubles in life. I like the Cd I bought.
Dickie Goodman is a funny novelty song maker. The Flying Saucer parts one and two are legendary.So are any of the the other songs about the flying saucer. Bucchanan and Goodman on Trial is a joke on what happened to them after they did teir first flying saucer song. It also has a lot of other songs like both of his energy crises songs and Mr Jaws.  You will not regret getting this cd.
Memories of listening to KRUX / KRIZ AM Radio in AZ.  These are all time classic and works of creative genious.  Sound quality varies by year of the piece, but overall, this disc does not disappoint.
I love these, always will, glad I have access to play it  in my later years and smile :) great fun!
I've always liked the work that Buchanan and Goodman did in the late 50s and in the 60s.  Their use of cuts from popular records were hilariously done, and my friends and I would often quote from &#34;Russian Bandstand.&#34;  Hearing these agian was a welcome trip down memory lane.  For those of you who grew up in those times, this is just about a &#34;must-have.&#34;
Steve McGrew is something else! He's got a thread of good ol' American common sense running through his ideas that gives his work just that final little oomph needed to step it up from funny to on-the-ball hilarious. Worth your money! I want more work from this guy!
This is an old CD from a day when this guy was dialed in and has great material.  Has some foul language, but a great CD overall.
What a way to spend Christmas....with 200+ gay men's.....voices!!!!I can't believe there are no other reviews for this?!?  I'm just an older gay guy down here in the South, interested in men's choral music! What fun! Even though this is a "live" holiday recording from the Castro Theatre from 2000 - 2004, the quality is quite good.  There were a few moments where the words were a bit hard to understand, especially on those unfamiliar songs, or when the audience applauds.  So that gives me another project:  seek out the lyrics for those songs:  Heavy Christmas and Coming Out On Christmas.Being the first gay men's chorus, and with such significant GLBT history, it is fitting and such a joy that the SFGMC represent our "community" and sing so well!  Kudos to all those involved with the group, to those hundreds of guys who have participated since 1978, to all those voices we have now lost and are now silent (except maybe recorded), and to Dr. McGuire and those who conducted and directed before her.Check out their other recordings.Just look on the WEB (i.e. GALA) and see around the world all of those hundreds of wonderful men's and women's choruses, singing their hearts out....for all of us! From Atlanta to Seattle, from L.A. and S.F. and N.Y.C. to London, England, Bravo!
Combine the smooth voice of Danny O'Flaherty with imaginative arrangements and unique Christmas songs and you have a real winner. If you're tired of hearing the same old carols over and over and over, then this is the album for you. You'll be introduced to enchanting songs that provide a fresh view of the Christmas season. While you're getting a copy for yourself, buy some more for your friends. "An Irish Christmas Carol" is a perfect Christmas gift.
Andrea Grant is SO unique - this album is testament to that; her contemplative ancient wisdom, powerful passion, and timeless, sultry poetry LIVES through every beat, and every breath of this album.It is one of my most secret and sacred treasured musical gems...- o, and if you want a song to sample, Hawaiian Tropic is "the PERFECT slap", or, Vanilla Vodka; it's as smooth as the drink.
Father Keating explains clearly the way of contemplative prayer in such a way that everyone can understand and relate!  Our culture today is so chaotic and rushed with such little time if any to give to attention to spirit and our communion with God.  Real communion, actual presence and peace is something that many of us desire and can only find when we are quiet.  A wonderful centering prayer lesson, thank you Father Keating, John of the Cross and all those masters of centering prayer.
Father Keating is a ruggedly individualistic Roman Catholic monk and priest with a strong intellect and good humour. He has produced an interesting and accessible introduction to contemplative prayer. His easy going laconic style is very pleasant to listen to, and he does a comprehensive job of explaining the method.There are those who incorrectly criticise him based on comparisons to transcendental meditation (TM). TM uses mantras which the poor customers are told (at great cost) have no meaning, whereas they are actually invocations to Hindu deities such as Lakshmi. [...] Keating teaches a pure and ancient Christian methodology which has been in use in monasteries for centuries.
This is a wonderful audio lecture by Thich Nhat Hanh, the Zen master.  Besides his words of wisdom on transforming anger, cultivating inner peace, and practicing mindfulness, it's a wonderful opportunity to experience Thich Nhat Hanh's love, humor and deep connection to what is in his own words and voice.
This is a new set of ideas for me, and Pema Chodron has an outlook that I can relate too. I'm not a Buddhist, but I get a lot out of this.
Love it
3 Years ago a yoga teacher told me to buy the Yogamatrix and listen to it. Because Richard Freemann teaches Ashtange Vinyasa Yoga I didn't buy the item. Now that I bought the item I can only applaude and bow in deep respect to Richard Freemann. During the whole audio book he does not mention Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga once or for that matter any other specific Hatha Yoga system. He has a beautiful voice and I listen to his different chapters over and over again. I'm a Yogateacher and have practised Yoga for 10 years and tought it for 3 years now. I've been to India many times. This audio book is abundant with truth and knowledge about Yoga in a simple, compact way. If every teacher of yoga and ever student of yoga would listen to this book the Yogaworld would be an even better place.
Having read the book, and James Finley's book on Christian Meditation, I was very happy to find this audio on Amazon for a very reasonable price.  Finley's teachings are very clear, and delivered with humor and simplicity.  There are 8 disks, which translate into 82 tracks.  It's wonderful to listen to in my car, and also at home.  There are opportunities to stop and meditate at several points.  Overall, a delightful journey into contemplative life with Merton and Finley as adept guides.As a P.S. I would caution that at this time there is a glitch with the Cloud Player for streaming on television--the tracks do not play in order, but alphabetically by title.  This is difficult if one wishes to listen in the natural flow of the disks.  It is not a problem listening on an mp3 player.
Very clear and calm voice.I am just discovering Thomas Merton...  I find this audio very helpful! and very simple to understand.thanks.
A little hard to follow at times, but the many nuggets of wisdom make it well worth the momentary confusion. Has many sections in which to choose from that have specific messages, so it easy to find a little guidance concerning a particular spiritual quandary. There is a lot to be gained from this collection, and patience is key when listening. Also, don't try to absorb any of it unless you can dedicate a little time to give it your full uninterrupted attention, I do not use the words "hard to follow" lightly.
If introspection does not scare or bore you then you will find this audio your 'pot of gold'. I have both the CD and the kindle version of this CD and each time I hear it played I get new depths of inspiration and knowlgedge to enchew. I have heard this product on and off for years now and never tire of it..as it grows in richness and depth for me each time I hear it, and as I personally grow in new awarness of my life and what life means.  James Finley has a wonderful and sensitive voice. However, it is a seminar in which you have to keep mentally alert despite his melodic voice and tempo, as it is rich and engages you to think deeply or you can miss nuggets of deep truths espoused by Finley.  I bought this twice and I cherish it!
This product was priced low, delivered fast.  Thomas Merton's teachings come alive in this narration by Finley.  I listen every evening before retiring, and it brings me peace.  Would highly recommend for anyone seeking spiritual enlightenment.
The Wet Spots are a treat! I stumbled upon them in another internet review, and their songs are delightfully naughty...most involve a sex topic, but support a decidedly open-minded attitude toward kink with real musicianship....these songs are crafted with care and performed with zest!
What's to say, fabulous. It's either your style or not. I like all of the songs on the CD, and several quite a lot.
The Wet Spots have put together an album of hysterically adult songs. A lot of fun! My favorite track is "Do You Take It?" Of course, the title leaves one word off the end to keep the track listing clean. I also really like "Don't Lick My Toes" and "Piggie Pile" a lot. But all the songs are fun in their own way.
This is hysterically funny. The lyrics are genuinely funny and very kinky. If you are a "family values" type, STAY AWAY!!! Otherwise, the songs are clever, as are the lyrics, and the musicianship is excellent! You might want to check for the WET SPOTS YouTube video song about fetish behavior at Christmas. FUNNY and REALLY RUDE, but glorious!ENJOY! Well worth the download...
Great laughs. He is a very good story teller. This will almost make you feel as if you are right there in the club.
I watched her the other night on Showtime's Latin Divas of Comedy.  She had my husband and I rolling.  I found she had this album so after listening a few of the mp3s,  I had to get it.  She tells it like it is and while she is pretty raw, it's not unnecessarily raw.  It was all I could do to only smile at work while listening to her on my mp3 player.  If you want some great laughs at women and men, get this album!
I've listened to both of her albums several times and it still cracks me up! She's articulate, hillarious and devistatingly blunt. I like the way she talks about her experiences with men. She doesn't cut any slack on women either! This has an adult theme and material and she does a great job with it. Wonderful. I must heap accolades on it! Keep it up Monique! (Sorry. I couldn't resist...) Again, two thumbs up.
We saw her live before Christmas and even though some of the material is the same .. it was great hearing it again.  She is one of the funniest and smartest women around.
A true guilty pleasure from years ago, it still makes me laugh.  Thanks Daddy for telling me about her.  She's as funny as I remember her and then some.
Don Adams humor is expressed in this album. No foul language makes it a good buy to show that filth doesn't make comedy. It's a good buy.
I heard this growing up in the early sixties before Don Adams did Get Smart. It's funny but outdated. If it doesn't bring back memories (especially the Finkston Trio and the Football Player) don't waste your time. Some of it would be considered politically incorrect today.
Don Adams Meets the Roving Reporter is classic Don Adams. I remember listening to the old LP many times. Excellent.
I believe the music from this CD is the most listened to music on my iPod. It is wonderfully soothing and relaxing. Whether it is healing, I don't really know. But it's definitely worth a listen.
The first song &#34;Oh Christmas Tree&#34; is one of the best jazz renditions of a Christmas classic I've ever heard. The rest of the album delivers exactly what any fan of jazz looking to get in the Christmas spirit could hope for. It's fun, upbeat, and at times face melting.
This album is a wonderful mix of jazz styles played by some amazing instrumentalists. Fantastic take on the Christmas classics.
Love this album.  Lends an old fashioned, homey feel to the Christmas season.  Quality music that is mostly instrumental.  I actually didn't enjoy the vocals as much on this album.  A great value for all of the listening you get out of it.
This is absolutely hilarious. Larry goes where most comics wouldn't go and still keeps it light enough to make you laugh. Definitely not for the easily offended though.
There are some jokes in here that may seem off color or even slightly racisist, so for the overly sensitive, they may wish to think twice.  But otherwise Alonzo is just flat out funny.  He does curse (for those that have an aversion to such things), but it is sporadic and infrequent and certainly not gratuitous.Much of what he talks about, are things that you would or could think about, but in a humorous fashion.  It is all about timing and his is impeccable.  Why he isn't better well known and far more famous than he is seems just plain wrong.  If I have a complain about this, it would be that it just seems too short.  I want more.  But that is just because you laugh so hard and so frequently, it is over before you know it.
I first heard Alonso on XM radio and always laughed at his bits, so I bought this.  I am not disappointed.  Funny guy.
The Airmen of Note are carrying on Glen Miller's tradition started in the Army Air Corps in a fabulous manner!
Mort Sahl is one of the pioneers of the modern stand-up era. This record was performed and released during the Watergate mishaps of Richard Nixon and contains sharp commentary on political and social attitudes of the times. A good listen for stand up fans who want to know where John Stewart got his ideas. ;) Without Sahl blazing a path, modern political pundits wouldn't be here. This is the guy to get to know! Wish that he had more available in MP3 format
The Truth is in the Stars. The review is in the Star Rating. 5 Stars should say it all. Check it out...and make your own decision.
We listened to this cd last year on vacation and wanted to listen again. Downloaded it to my pc and burned to cd. Excellent!!
I didn't buy this disk on Amazon... I've had it far longer than I've been shopping on Amazon!  I stumbled upon it years ago and bought it on a whim because I love hammer dulcimer.  This album is excellent!  It has a wonderful winter or holiday feel, but without being over-the-top Christmas music.  The arrangements are excellent, and you'll hear both familiar tunes and others as well.  It's great any time of year, but I listen to it regularly during the holiday season.  Highly recommended!
This is a fantastic collection of soothing tunes to put you in the Christmas spirit. I highly recommend this CD!
Misplaced the CD; downloaded from here. Xmas music in thoughtful arrangements that don't get old and some pieces that you don't hear that often. Would love a volume II.
Once you've heard "Jingle Bell Rock" or "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" for the thousandth time you crave something softer.  This is it.  Perfect music for a country drive on Winter Solstice or sitting by the fire on Christmas Eve.  These songs are timeless and performed beautifully.
It's got short instructions that help with singing and voice training. Though, if you'd like more instructions, you can trySinging for Dummies
This is a very moody Christmas album, it's really great at just being in the background and its sounds so unique. Obviously checkout the samples so you understand what you're getting, but if you're looking for some great Christmas music to set a mood, this will work.
Love Pilipino music
This is a 1969 interview with Cleo Odzer and several of her friends. At the time Cleo was eighteen years old (her voice sounds the youngest). In it they describe their lives as "Groupies", partying with the well-known but mostly unnamed pop groups that were playing the clubs in Manhattan. Cleo was briefly engaged to Keith Emerson of Emerson Lake and Palmer. She ended up in Europe, working as a model, and then went to Goa, India to join the hippie scene there. When she returned to the USA, she wrote three popular books, "Goa Freaks", "Patpong Sisters" and "Virtual Spaces". In 2000 she moved back to Goa and passed away there in 2001. She can be seen in the documentary movie, "Last Hippie Standing" by Marcus Robbin, which was filmed in Goa shortly before she died.Originally released as a vinyl LP, the producer is Alan Lorber. The sound quality is excellent. Highly recommended.
It imparts good info on how to sing better, but I wish there isn't this background music while the instructor's talking.If you like a warmup cd, tryVoice Lessons To Go Volume 1: Vocalize and Breath
wish you would send by mail inside booklets however...I practice on my own and have no feed back and this is a blessing so I don't have to bother another who has no time to give me feed back and I learn while at home or fitness workouts..
Howard Stern called Brian Evans "Andy Kaufman with a singing voice". He's brilliant, and this audio recording is hilarious. After hearing it, I now realize why it made The Best of Stern and remains the only interview ever done by Stern to be sold as a download. It's that good. That funny. Year later, Brian Evans ran for the US Senate and started opening for Jay Leno in Las Vegas as one of the new crooners. Search his name on Amazon, and you'll hear what he's doing these days. Incredible voice and an amazing life.
even the most scroogey will enjoy this christmas compilation. nice job! i'm listening to this one on repeat - it's good fun!
If you are looking for something irregular or a new spin on holiday classics, look no further.  For DJ's this collection is a must.  I am diggin' and groovin' this collection.
I love the traditional Christmas songs as much as everyone else.  I also love innovative ways people take things &#34;of old&#34; and put a new twist on them.  This album has a funky-ness that makes these renditions fun.  I think this is fun anytime, and I think it's perfect for a Christmas gathering as background music.
This may not be to every person's taste, but I found it to be upbeat and a delightful alternative to the usual inundation of jingly bells and crooning voices that come with traditional Christmas music and, for me, gets old fast. These manage to hold on to a Christmas feel while feeling updated. They are perfect for putting on while running errands, doing chores or driving around. I really enjoy this album.
It just wasn't Christmas until I could play these old favorites. I love their finger-snapping arrangements of Christmas carols. Make this part of your Christmas tradition today. It brought tears to my eyes to finally hear these old songs again! It took me back to Christmas when I was a kid.
Eddie is one of my favorite comedians and this album did not disappoint.  Eddie goes into topics that should be off limits and he nails them.  Go see him live and see him Penn State bits!  Check out his podcast too.
The most popular songs that would be played at any jam session are presented in several speeds to practice.I intend to use the CD to practice my chop chord accompanying skills.  Although there is not any music notation or tabulation, the songs are available in other music books that I owe or could be found onthe internet.
The tracks are recorded in stereo such that the mandolin is on one track and the remaining instruments are on the other. This make it easy to separate the two to either be able to listen to the mandolin more closely or remove it entirely and just have accompaniment.There's an accompanying book you might be able to get from [...].
This is a good one that has unjustly fallen below the radar.  Have you ever heard of Baltimore postman William L. Moore?  I never did until I heard the &#34;Ballad of the Letter Carrier William L. Moore of Baltimore&#34; (which Bentley sings in German) -- this is a classic!  And the &#34;Ballad on the Poet Franois Villon&#34; is also a stunner.  The other tracks are also engaging, never boring.
John Beecher lived a life in which he worked in steel mills, ran agencies for displaced farmers in the Depression, served aboard the first integrated troop transport in WWII, was blacklisted for refusing to take California's loyalty oath, and wrote about what he saw and who he met.  The poems within the collection are thought provoking and are made even more powerful in the voice of the poet himself.
Very good mix of old and new.  I didn't discover this music until right after Christmas.  No worries, I'll be ready for next year.
I really love Christmastime, and although I love the classic songs, I really enjoy hearing them done in a different way.
This remix of some of the best christmas songs we all know and love is so versatile. I listen to it all December long! It's perfect to listen to at my desk at work, in the car sitting in holiday traffic, at home baking or having drinks with friends. I recognized a few tracks this past year playing in some stores in the mall. My favorite track is #6, Winter Wonderland. The Brazilian beats transports me to a warm sunny beach, making it a whole lot easier to deal with the stresses that the holidays can bring.
This was one of my earlier Amazon downloads.  I heard the Bing Crosby Happy Holidays Beef Wellington Remix on Pandora (when it was still cool to listen to Pandora) and found this song.  I purchased the whole album and could not be happier as I have found many other Christmas songs remixed.
A switch up from all the regular music.  Reminds me of when I walk into VS and I always wonder where did they get this cool song from??
This is a very refreshing and hip new take on classic Christmas songs. I first heard the Happy Holiday (The Beef Wellington Mix)  during this past Black Friday weekend in Target. Of course I didn't know what the name of it was so I perservered on Amazon's awesome website and lucked up! Happy Holidaaays!
This CD is a refreshing twist on Christmas classics-it really made our holiday! If you're looking for a change we highly recommend this CD
I was one of the luckiest people to be invited by Richard to produce several of his songs for this monumental project. You see, Richard wrote a song each year and shared it with friends and loved ones, then one year he decided to create his CD. I hadn't heard this music in a while but just did. It not only brought back fond memories of working with such a diverse, talented and amazingly creative people but I am remembering the bonds had been formed around this. Thanks Richard! I'm hoping that you will do this again one day for all of us who are moved my your generous spirit and gifts! Zenobia
This is step by step movements  on how to play the dulcimer, there are many songs in the book. with each song.
Purchased this to review, having used the Mandarin Primer for my first Chinese course many years ago at Harvard.  I think this method yields a good accent if the audio is used with the text.  Very happy to have MP3 version.
john valby is a parody genius. if you never heard him before you should check him out. but I must worn you that if you get affined easily then he is not the singer for you
henny youngman will live forever.  and a good thing!  the world needs as many hennys as it can get.  i love him.  the first time, the second time and every time i hear him.  he is a joy.
Beautiful music - it takes me back to my childhood and the LPs my Dad would play to wake us up on Christmas morning.  One little problem - they switched the titles of "It Came Upon The Midnight Clear" and "Joy to the World".
This album could be more rare than his first. Originally released in 1981 under a label that went bankrupt just months after its release, Beaming In only found minimal success with his cult following, and didn't make as much of an impact like his first album did. Now that it's been re-released a new generation can enter the crazed mind of Chris Rush.
In her 80's and going strong.  Phyllis Diller was so very funny I laughed thru the whole routine.  There are a few light blue words.  But you can feel easy sharing this with your parents and teenagers. I hadn't realized how much her voice plays into her act.  You can visualize each character she congers.  Such a great talent.  And what a price!  I highly recomment Phyllis Diller - Live From Los Angeles [Explicit].
I loved listening to this Phyllis Diller was one of the best comedians ever.  Definitely a great one to buy if you enjoy comedy.
This is an incredibly smart and funny lady.  I have always loved her voice, she has an amazing laugh, and she's like a fine wine.  She gets better with age!  Did you know she played the old lady in the Beavis and Butt-head movie?  That's how I first found out about her, then I listened to some of her comedy and became hooked.  Fantastically funny lady. :)
John Valby is one of my fav. He's old, dirty, and he just doesn't give a damn. If your a John Valby fan, this album is one not to miss.
If you're from Pittsburgh and haven't been 'home' in a while, I highly recommend - will conjour &#34;burgh&#34; memories and make you smile.
I encourage everyone who is on the fence about buying this comedy album from Phil Hartman. It is a piece of comedy history that will be lost if not listened to and appreciated. It is brilliant.
This traditional music was something I've been looking for for a long time. A good recording, this collection of carols reminded me of my childhood and I am so happy to have found it.
I was very happy to find this recording. Needed it for a project and thrilled that amazon had the mp3; wished for CD but these were not available.
This was a great purchase. To hear him speak and say in his own words , his opinions and remembrances on matters. His wit is clear and his voice is strong, I am encouraged to purchase more historical recordings since the price is cheaper than the cost of  an archive recording.
This is a totally biased review. Phil Ochs has been my favorite performer ever since I discovered "Rehearsals For Retirement" in a small record shop in my home town sometime in late 1968 or early '69. I had never heard of him before that, but was intrigued by the cover image and the poem on the back. Over the years I have collected all of his recorded material that I could find, on LP, then a few posthumous releases on CD. A friend of mine had these interviews on LP and allowed me to make a cassette recording of them years ago, then a few days ago I purchased this MP3 file. I'm sure there are many who would consider Phil's politics to be too radical for them, but I consider him to be the truest American voice I've ever heard. He loved this country but was not blind to its faults, and wanted desperately to raise awareness of the dangers of corruption all around. In these interviews he talks about the music business, movies, politics, even the space program, and how the optimism he felt when he came to New York, the optimism of the entire country at that time, the New Frontier of John Kennedy, etc...how all of that optimism was being destroyed by the greed of the corporations. Nearly every song that Phil wrote is as relevant today as when he first wrote and recorded them, and that is also true of his comments in these interviews. He's not marching anymore, his rehearsal is over, but his words still ring true.
Till this day..... bar none the Best sung version of Ring Out Wild Bells I've ever heard!!  Christmas song lovers will love all of his Christmas Albums!!
More than delighted to find this recording. We had the orig. Record of years ago and lost it. The MP3 recording is as powerful as the original recording...no change. All the wonder is still the. Best recording for hypnosis and relaxation over the past 40 years. thank you, Lee.
This is probably the best material ever put out over the airwaves.  It has inspired me for forty years.  I'm so happy to get a nice clean download that's almost free.
This collection is just what we were looking for.  It's the perfect background music for our wedding since it manages to be both modern and classy.
Another great album from the VSQ. Great for a social event background music or background music for the office or a cup of coffee with friends.
The two songs, "Santa Meets the Soldier" and "Daddy's Old Guitar" make this entire cd worth purchasing!  If you want to hear good music, andextreme sentimental holiday thoughts, these two songs are for you.  The other songs are great traditional sounds of Christmas, but some have wonderful words and thoughts built in.  I am known to purchase an entire cd just because one song speaks to me.  If that sounds like something you and I have in common, you'll appreciate this cd as well.
One of my favorite holiday albums.  I love these guys!  I remember my mom & dad playing this during the holidays.  She just passed away, so buying this for this past Christmas was especially nostalgic for me......a beautiful album!
I just have to let others know that this man is a miracle speaker.  This specific CD inspires you to accelerate your results in life.  Follow every piece of advice this man gives you.  No wonder he is the only Billionaire in the hit film The Secret.Dr. Demartini's appearance inThe Secret (Original Edition)and Larry Kings Show are a blessing to humankind.  After changing my old self limiting beliefs with the help of three secret teachers my life is always perfect in every way.  I make lots of money every day.  Famous people keep calling me to give me praise and ask for my help out of the blue.I mostly read and act on the works by John DemartiniCount Your Blessings: The Healing Power of Gratitude and Love, Joe VitaleZero Limits: The Secret Hawaiian System for Wealth, Health, Peace, and More, and Feng Shui Master Marie Diamond's new book and teachingsThe Very Simple Law of Attraction: Find Out What You Really Want from Life . . . and Get It!, all from both versions of The Secret (btw, the original Secret with an old lady who talks to the "dead" is the best).Amazingly, I have recently attracted connections to famous people like Oprah, Paris Hilton, Bill Clinton, and more!Are you next?  Age and college education don't matter as much as your attitude.  The Secret is that we don't need traditional institutions to succeed in life.  Our genius minds are more than enough.I look forward to receiving Dr. Demartini's new bookThe Gratitude Effect (The Inner Power series).Thank You, Thank You, Thank You
This is definetly in my favorites list of Christmas Music. Quality of the MP3 rendition is excelent. I bought this album witht the volume 2, could not ask for better!
This is definetly in my favorites list of Christmas Music. Quality of the MP3 rendition is excelent. I bought this album witht the volume 1, could not ask for better!
This is Darin at his best! Live! If you enjoy his music, his rapport with audience, don't miss this one.
It doesn't matter that this wasn't Bobby Darin's last night club appearance.  He plays it as though it were, even alluding to the illness that would prevent him from making follow-up appearances.  The result is a Darin show that, in addition to the energy, swing, and versatility, is distinguished by an unusual degree of thoughtfulness and sensitivity.  I had never even bothered to listen to the lyrics of "You're Nobody Til Somebody Loves You" until Darin's poignant interpretation of the song on this recording.  "My Funny Valentine" is further testimony that, for a Las Vegas headliner, Bobby brought singular musical intelligence to the Sin City Strip.  My previous exposure to Darin's recordings--from "Splish Splash" to "Mack"--had led me to think of him as a talented, dynamic entertainer and flashy showman, but this is the recording that led me to respect him as a many-faceted, genuine artist.  How it could have been held back for almost four decades is a fathomless mystery.
This is the coolest cover of this song ever.  It makes me want to wear a sombrero and party like it's going out of style.
Si fue volver a recordar mi adolecencia, y los momentos gratos que pases en esos anos cuando se estreno este CD, y de hecho siguie vigente en el gusto de la gente.
This is fantastic CD and every body loves it! It's our favorite Christmas CD. Very fast shipping.Thank you very much!
I love this album, is a classic for Christmas, I always enjoy listen it once and again, over an over, definetely, I recommend it.
This Christmas album is beautiful and not annoying or overly "jolly" like a lot of holliday music out there.  It would be great to play in the background at Christmas and wouldn't take away from the conversation or be too assertive.  The music definitely has an old feel to it.
Ordered this awhile ago for some nice background music during the holidays.  Found it very enjoyable and nice to listen to!
I like this CD very much. The orchestrations are fantastic and different. And, of course, Phelps's voice. Even better than his 2008 &#34;O Holy Night&#34; which I liked, also.
I loved this cd by David Phelps.  He is my all time favorite tenor.  Nobody can match him.All Iove the way he sang the songs with a full orchestra.Mrs. Barbara Forrester
Have enjoyed all the CD'S I have ordered. Here on time and in great shape. Plan on getting more of David Phelps. Thank you.
Great Christmas CD for those who like gospel songs rather than modern sound. Price was great to.  Buy it right.
Love this man's voice. He has a fantastic tenor voice and his arrangements are fantastic. Love "Morning has Broken", really shows his individual style and I love it.
If it's a David Phelps CD you can't go wrong. What a heavenly voice. A very nice collection of Christmas songs, including my favorite O Holy Night. Grab it for your Phelps collection. It's great
David Phelps' voice is truly a gift from God.  This album is truly about the Joy of the Season...the birth of our Saviour.  Prepare for goosebumps and tears...beautiful.
THIS WONDERFUL LOVING MAN HAS BEEN BLESSED AND HE KEEPS BLESSING US WITH HIS AMAZING VOICE.MAY JESUS BLESS HIM AND HIS FAMILY BEYOND THEIR DREAMS.I NOW LIVE IN SAN ANTONIO TEXAS, BUT WAS BLESS TO ATTEND HIS CONCERTS SEVERAL TIMES WHILE LIVING IN SOUTH CAROLINAGOD BLESSKAREN (SUNNY) KEARNS
Outstanding!  No other words are really needed to best state how great this CD is a most buy this year.
During the Christmas season, I listen to this CD over and over again. Phelps' energy, amazing voice, subtle nuances, and fantastic orchestrations are compelling.
I love David's voice, and I think he is just as he is portrayed. He loves the Lord and it is apparent in his spirit.The best tenor voice around today. I have many of his cd's and love them all.
David Phelps is an excellent singer! I love his music. Even though this is a Christmas CD I still listen to it all the time
Christmas songs sung by one of todays top Tenor voices. incredible!!  I would recommend this CD to any and all.
What can I say?  I could listen to him sing day and night.  They are so inspiring and praiseworthy.  Great!
What a great choice of tunes. No doubt, this is the freshmen at their best. What harmony! Best Jazz and Pop vocal group of all time (the four guys on the cover of this album). There are many favorites to pick from, in this group of songs.
None of their chart hits are here but,they were never about hits. They were about harmonies and these are some of their best.
I was just pointing Bing Crosby out to my teenage son a few days ago on tv.  "THAT'S a musician son.  That's how musicians use to look in the ole' days.  Today, a musician or actor has to be beautiful, under 20, plastic surgery, little or no talent, etc. to become a star.  There's nothing like listening to Bing Crosby to really appreciate music.  I bought this album and get tingly every time I hear his voice.  There's nothing like "I Wish You A Merry Christmas" to put you in the mood for Christmas!  I plan to have this playing when the kids wake up Christmas morning.....Crosby playing in the background as the kids see all of the gifts under the tree.  Is there anything better?
Fantastic re-mastering of timeless material. I noticed the sound and vocal quality difference between this album and the similiar songs on other CDs I own. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I have always been a fan of Lou Rawls. Now that I have my Kindle, I can listen to him sing wherever I am in my home
Hey Tommy!  If you get the chance to see Tommy Savitt live, you really need to go.  He's an amazing stand-up comedian, with stories that will have you laughing for days afterward.  This album is a great collection of his recent material, and I highly recommend it to anyone that needs a good laugh.
Tommy Savitt's CD is a comedic masterpiece. He is the next comedic superstar of the New century. With out a doubt the best comedy CD I have ever heard.
I Still think the BEST of Blowfly is when he sings the Oldies and Gooies as well as the Crystal Clear Sound.  I was first introduced to this Golden Voice Singer/Entertainer in the 1970s via Cassette Tape which in my early 20s I found hillarious.
What can I say, there is nothing I can say about Blowfly.... the Beat, The Sons & Sexual Lyrics are Funny, Amusing, and earlier last year, I had my Furnace being put in and the Guys were enjoying the Amazon Cloud Music when Blow Fly came on and these guys were just cracking up and loved the overall Beat of this Smooth Singer and his Back Up Band....recorded Live at a Night Club.... the Women were as Raunchy Sounding as some of his songs to add FURTHER Spice to this Upbeat Sexy Soul Singer.
a bit after Rudy Ray Moore and long before 2 Live Crew, there was Blowfly.BLOWFLY made funky music, with and without the &quot;n&quot; - - a disco and early rap era descendent of Rudy Ray Moore, his mixture of XXX  lyrics and party/dance music made him a lesser known underground legend.If you like funk (especially P-Funk, Bootsy Rubber Band, stuff like  that), its great music.  And if you're nasty, but don't like funk, well  you'll still enjoy his shameless but politically incorrect grooves about  his favorite subject... Funkin' without the N...  And if you like both,  funk with and without the N... dig BLOWFLY.BE CAREFUL... DO NOT PLAY THE  ALBUM WITH THE HEADPHONES ON THE TRAIN, AND ACCIDENTLY START JOINING IN ON  THE CHANTS.  YOU WILL GET ARRESTED ! ! !Does anybody know where this  guy is today ?
Really enjoyed Blowfly Disco :)  Classic disco music mixed with a great blend of spicey words that you just have to listen to!
Here is another cd that was brought as a gift. I really never knew that this project existed, until a friend asked me to get it for him.
Great listening for anyone, any occasion, not just for weddings.  Lots of old standars you will enjoy. Many of my favorites.
This is hands-down the worst Christmas album I have ever heard.  Robert Michaels has a very evocative voice - evocative of an anxious high school sophomore in 1985 who is recording on the A/V club's equipment during lunch break.  But just when you are about to turn turn this album off and look into the store's refund policy...a Christmas miracle occurs!  Like the babe in the manger who was so much more than what he appeared, you discover that this album transcends its own coliform nature and becomes something divine!  A turd?  Nay, look again.  This is pure gold, incarnate in turd form.  That's right, this album is so bad that it creates a Noellean-paradox wherein it is actually the greatest album in the universe!  Suddenly the "pa-rum-pa-pa-pum's," which at first sounded as much a product of whatever uncomfortable pants Michaels must have been wearing as they were the Little Drummer Boy's Drum, become the glorious canticles of Gabriel himself.  Suddenly the wavery, nervous first bars of Silent Night, which at first sounded like they were sung by a 17 year-old lad just coming off asking his first girl to a homecoming dance, become a vibrato so resonant that no earthly vocal chords could have produced them.  In short: BUY THIS ALBUM!!
My classical radio station (WFMT, Chicago) played this narration (minus the musical selections) one December.  We were in the car driving.  Luckily, we were able to enjoy it before we lost my station.  Very nice!
If you want to dig deeper into the world of Garth Brooks,then purchase it,yet if you ain't after that then purchase Dreamin' Out Loud.That book fills you in on the man's world pretty well.
I absolutely love this CD.  One of the most treasured that I have now.  It captures the mood and beauty of the Christmas Season.
At my museum in Canton, Ohio, I am planning an exhibition of graphics by Italian illustrator Amos Nattini of Dante's &#34;Inferno,&#34; and have read it in English and my defective Italian for years.  Hearing De Negri's reading, though made in the late 1950s, was an &#34;ear-opener&#34; into the language and age of Dante.  For 14th century Italian, it is very comprehensible!
It's lovely to hear the Divine Comedy read to me as I drift off to sleep.
This is a rare, hard-to-procure item read by the author herself--no other readings come anywhere close...especially the chillingly cavalier way in which she reads the last line!
You should have seen how far my jaw dropped when I listened to the samples of this audio reading. Shirley Jackson's voice! Reading THE LOTTERY!! It was like hearing Shakespeare recite Hamlet. I had no idea this reading ever existed and was even more overjoyed that it was available so readily. I bought the CD, but the mp3 download would probably suffice. The audio quality on the CD is exceptional, no doubt thanks to the Smithsonian's impressive lossless transfer, but, considering the source material, I doubt anyone but an extreme audiophile would notice a different between the .wav and the .mp3. If you're a huge Shirley Jackson fan, however, I would recommend the CD.Aside from the mere fact that a literary genius is reading her masterpiece, this recording is notable simply because it's by far the best reading of The Lottery (and Daemon Lover, another great story) you'll ever find. Jackson's pace is spot-on and appropriately haunting. The source material is slightly problematic in that there is a lot of "empty room" noise and a rare flicker in the recording, but still, I would say it's shockingly clear and of high quality.Overall, amazing. You should be stunned that such a wonderful recording was even archived! I can't go on enough about how amazing the experience was listening to Shirley Jackson read the story that has changed my life ever since reading it years ago. Also, gotta give some love to Daemon Lover which is certainly on my Top 10 list of classic Jackson stories. Whether you download the mp3 or grab the CD, every school teacher or longtime Shirley fan needs to experience this reading immediately!~Author ofThe Death Sonnets (Halloween Library Edition)
I love all of Matan Ariel & Friends CD's!perfect gift for the holidays! for kids and adults!I play it to my niece and nephew so that they learn the songs and I also play it at my Hanuka parties in the background for ambiance...
I first bought this album when I was a teenager. I sought it out again 40 years later, it is that good. Evocative french narration set to a slow jazzy background. And if I remember correctly, the first record to use ambient sounds - NYC traffic - for what that's worth. But truly, listening to this record is a journey, and one well worth taking.
I love Sadie Green Sales.  They are fun.  My favorite is Waltzing with Bears.  Anyone who loves kids music should give Frogs, Toads and Eggplant a try.  Look for the other Sadie Green Sales. They are multi-talented.
Soothing music based on ancient stories. There are 6 parts to this album, each going on deep into the Puranas. Beautifully sung.
In the late 1950's I had the pleasure of hearing the boys when they visited our school in Pittsburgh. They had such beautiful voices and thru the years I still have joy listening to them.
The Singing Sergeants are one of the best vocal groups in the country and this album certainly demonstrates there abilities. This great collection of Christmas music will fill your home with that holiday feel. I really love the version of Good King Wenceslas which used to be one of my favorite carols to sing. I can still feel the air biting at my ears while our voices rang out in the cold night. If you are having a cold christmas night you need warmed by the sounds of christmas get this holiday album and escape the world of Mall Muzak. This is great album perfect for the whole holiday season or christmas in July if you need it.  If you want some other good Christmas music: This Is Christmas and Christmas Celebration.  They all have there own feel and though some tracks are repeated you can put a new one on each night. Your sure to hear you favorites as well as some one that will become favorites. Each one adds a non intrusive holiday feel to any household. They are simply good holiday albums.
Memories of when I was a little girl and my Dad played this Connie Francis album have lingered for over 30 years and every year I promised myself to find it and now I have.  Her unique voice lends the perfect melancholy tone to "I'll Be Home for Christmas" and "Ave Maria" is serene and angelic. Her rendition of the "Christmas Song" is a solid rival for Nat King Cole's - and you'll see that for yourself. Her voice is one-of-a-kind: sweet, pitch perfect, lingering like a honeyed liquer.  It's sure to touch a responding chord in you.  Enjoy this album as becomes a part of your family's Christmas tradition, much as it has mine.
Great album.  Full of great philosophy.  This album is packed full of tracks to make you think.  I often play the album on my way to school for the day.  It's 30 minutes of play and almost perfect from leaving the house to entering the day in a good state of mind.
As he said about I-Spy,  &#34;It's a hit - He doesn't complicate things&#34;.  Just a great, clean and funny story teller.
Bill Cosby is great in this, as he always is. Every single track on here makes me laugh. Well done.
My 5 year old loves it.  I must say this is a great CD.  For a boy-band, none of the tracks are trying to be cute.  Just good music in harmony.  Great renditions of timeless music.
The tympani part is particularly prominent in this recording, I can really hear the heads vibrating.  It is quite enjoyable!
I am not a Handel "expert" like some of the other reviewers. I cannot give you any technical detailed info on this as compared with other readings. I am only familiar with a couple other versions of Handels Messiah. This is the Handel I cut my teeth on and in my humble and uneducated opinion, the best. The fast clip whether traditional or not is engaging, other versions I own seem to drag in comparison. This Handel will take you into the presence of God if you let is, as it was intended to by Handel himself. Even if you are not a classical music fan, take the leap and purchase this: you won't be dissapointed!
I sometimes get a little blue around the holidays, and the same old music on the radio doesn't help. A friend recommended this album, and I am so glad I found it! Holidays has lifted my spirits!  Mosci's voice is so beautiful, mellow, soothing, fun, and jazzy. This is not your tired old holiday album.
This lecture is intended for would-be working comics. It'll take you from nothing to your first five-minute club set and beyond. There isn't much here about joke setups, common storytelling techniques, or what comprises humor. It's all about the nuts and bolts of performance.* How to structure your day to engender creativity* What employers are looking for when scouting acts* Basic terminology like 'set list' and 'callbacks'* Note-taking techniques* Things not to do, like rehearsing into a mirror* A precise breakdown and order for a five-minute routine* How a comedy club works* Things to expect, like a mic stand at the wrong height* Posture and body positioning* A first performance walkthrough* What to do if they don't laugh* What to do if they do laugh* Dealing with hecklers* How to emcee* Clean vs. dirty content* Liberties accorded to headliners* Ingratiating yourself with people who can pull stringsThat's a sampling; there's a lot more here and almost none of it is chaff. Is it basic information? Some of it, if you're already into public speaking or you have stage experience. He explains how to operate a mic stand. You probably know that. But if didn't and you weren't expecting to have to manipulate one, you could easily end up starting your act on the wrong foot.That's what this tape is really about: avoiding landmines. You'll know exactly how everything will play out and what's expected of you. Maybe you won't be funny, but at least you'll look like you know what you're doing. The idea of attempting stand-up comedy is no longer foreign or intimidating to me after listening.My impression of Neil is that he's not actually that funny. He sounds a lot like Anthony Bourdain with Eugene Levy's humor ("kiss-oh-death!"): to the point and a little brusque. There's an undertone of unpleasant derisiveness in the first third that disappears by the second tape. Still, this is precisely the sort of person you want as a coach: someone for whom it doesn't all come naturally and who's paid attention to the details.I'm rating this lecture five stars because it's the cheapest, fastest way to get an overview of the comedy business (assuming the internet hasn't changed everything in the decade and change since this came out; I suspect not). If you want to be a professional comic, or just perform for your first open-mic night, buy it. Then buy something else to help you brainstorm material.
These karaoke tracks are greatness - the arrangements feel very "Charlie Brown Christmas" because they're so jazzy. Much better than the usual Casio-keyboard-sounding Christmas karaoke. Two thumbs up!
My little girl Anna loves the song I met a bear! It was featured on the movie Grizzly Park and since then I've been searching for the song and found it on Amazon! If you have kids they will enjoy this album I'm sure.100% happy with the whole album!
This is the original best Christmas songs from Gene Autry - all your favorites from when you were growing up - Rudolph, Santa Claus is coming to town, etc. Plus, a very touching story-telling that he does with his young grandson about the meaning of Christimas.
Smooth voice, great songwriter, love David Martin! You won't regret buying his songs. His romantic ballads are absolutely good lyrics with great music sung by a great singer!
They are great! I like collecting unique twists on the classic Christmas tunes. This album will make you get up and dance!
Kitty Cleaveland really has a  beautiful voice and adds a lot of emotion to Christmas favorites. I was looking for something to rival Joan Baez's Christmas album and though everyone sings differently-it is a lovely rendition of Christmas classics
Kitty Cleveland has a clear beautiful voice. If handbells could speak they would sound like this. The music is all sacred, reverant, and she believes what she is singing and that makes the very best Christmas music.
I bought this entire CD because of Track 9, "Christmas Day is Come!"  This piece is wonderfully tender, sweet, and Melancholic.  The rest of the CD is superbly performed.  If you appreciate, like I do, the hymns of old, this CD is a must.
I have to say that I was very surprised by the other review on this site.  I downloaded this series when it first came out and I have been using the nighttime track every night for over a year.  In the past year, I have lost 45 pounds.  I have started to eat healthier.  I actually joined a gym and have been going.  I believe that listening to this program, I became more motivated in wanting to be healthy.  I believe that this program has saved my life....I am a 35 year old male that was considered obese.  Today I am well on my way to a much healthier body and lifestyle and I attribute it to this program.  I would highly recommend it to everyone.
John Heffron is an amazing comic, his look back into our childhood and outlook on marriage is fantastic and quite funny.  Listen to his podcast (Heffron and Reep) and go see him live as well.  His live shows make your whole body hurt from laughing.
Breaking For the HolidaysFirst of all Chaka's name is spelled wrong! it's KHAN! Amazon should fix this immediately!Otherwise this song is amazing! Chaka Khan's version of "Do you hear what I hear" is breathtaking!
My family loves Wizard Rock, and this album is especially fun for the holidays.  It's my son's favorite cd and he can sing every song word-for-word.  It's also a great way to be introduced to other bands in the genre.
This compilation CD has an awesome assortment of classic Wrock groups - providing a fun family friendly Christmas sampler of amazing Harry Potter themed music.  How can something that's only been around for ten years have "classic" groups?  Things move fast in the on line world and many of the wrock groups that ushered in this unorthodox genera of music had abandoned their MySpace pages before the term "wrock" came into use.Does all of this sound Greek to you?  What you really need to know is that if you or your family have read the Harry Potter series by JK Rowling, this is a MUST HAVE CD for your Holiday listening!  The songs are cheeky, soulful, silly, and heart warming - taken together its a candy-cane dipped in dark chocolate for your soul.If you are fortunate enough to know most of the muggles behind these bands you know that this comes from the heart and it's the very manifestation of Dumbledore's famous words "Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here!"~SquibGirl
I don't do Christmas, but I've heard this song plenty of times (just walk into any mall in December and you'll get your full) and this is probably the best version of it.  Maybe I'm a tad bias, beings that I love this duo, but really, they capture the essence of the `season' without losing their edge.  The song has elements of eeriness that almost transform the song in parts, and George's gorgeous vocals laminate each line with her pristine sense of sensual control.  Musically it is stunning, with the bells and whistles used to perfection.  It's far from a copycat version, but this is truly a unique yet faithful rendering of this Holiday anthem.  Like I said, this is coming from someone who doesn't get into the whole Christmas thing.  Judging from a purely musical standpoint, this is a perfect ten (or five when judging from this site's standards).
I don't what else there is to say. You can listen to the samples, and if you like this kind of medieval, polyphonic, choral music, then I can guarantee you will love this. Well worth the money. I still get a thrill every time I hear one of these tracks starting up from my playlist of medieval chant/polyphony.
Michelle Tumes is an exceptional artist with a wonderful voice.  Hope she keeps putting out cd's.  I own all of her cd's and they are all excellent!!!
This is a great Christmas EP. The original song "Merry Christmas" should be considered a classic and added to the list of must listen to Christmas songs. All of the songs are well produced, the vocals are beautiful, and the arrangements are very enjoyable. I highly recommend this EP!
When I first heard &#34;Christmas is Here,&#34; I immediately loved it. Michelle Tumes is a psalmist . I have a lot of her music.
Don't take my word for it..."For a smaller group jazz-Christmas experience, check this one out.  It's smart, goes far enough out that jazz hounds won't be bored, but not enough to scare your jazz-unenlightened relatives". [...], Wayne Bledsoe"drummer Tobias Gebb is a man afire, and keeps everything afloat". Micheal P Gladstone, All About Jazz"the listener is awash with a certain romanticism, melodicism, and inventivenss" --George W. Carroll/The Musicians' Ombudsman"Trio West's CD really got under my skin in a good way". - Joe Montague -Riveting Riffs -"...creative, cascading jazz stylings. So cool!...beautiful seasonal music..... this instrumental jazz is smokey, simple, and intimate".-Christmas Reviews.com"...make the effort to seek this Trio out if you plan on jazzing up your holidays".-Midwest Record"The music is quite tender, sweet and inspiring enough to make one wish the holiday season never ended" -Edward Blanco, ejazznews"I suggest you buy it now and give it a spin".  John Matauk, about.com Jazz"...Trio West make it apparent that they have a sensitive feel for the music. ...this is an enjoyable CD that should help brighten the season." Jerry D'Souza, All About Jazz"If you are making a shopping list for Christmas music, the CD Trio West Plays Holiday Songs, should be on it". Joe Montague - Riveting Riffs"Although this is a studio production, the artists have retained the warmth of a live performance, something that is rare in today's world of technological wizardry". Joe Montague - Riveting Riffs"Enjoyable, full of holiday spirit and perfect to trim the tree to." - Jazz Chicago, Brad Walseth"Trio West Plays Holiday Songs has enough originality in the arrangements to separate it from the pack." - All About Jazz, Woodrow Wilkins"these guys put an original, personal stamp on the holiday repertoire. You've got to love how hard they swing (with great brushes!)" - Erie Times, Bob Protzman"Trio West offers a dynamic instrumental approach to seasonal songs." - Star Ledger, Zan Stewart
I bought this to play in my classroom during the holidays, and even my tough kids liked it.  It doesn't feature any background strings or cheesy arrangements.  Just a few guys who are really good jazz musicians.
Awsome holiday record. Super relaxing and interesting arrangments. This recording makes me feel like I'm on vacation. It gives a feeling of romanticism that captures the true spirit of what Christmas should be about.
I first found this album a few years ago.  I wouldn't want to go through Advent with out it.  It's lovely!!
Familiar tunes at a great tempo.  Everyone at the Step-aerobics class loved it.  The traditional tunes have some urban flavor so they really pumped you up and made you want to work out  little harder.  Lots of fun!
I used this for my cardio kick and punch class and they loved it. The music was so much fun and the perfect tempo
Love this MP3.  I ordered it to help motivate my workout during the holidays.  I am a HUGE fan of Leslie Sansone and I have several of her DVD's and CD's.  This was a great addition to my collection.  Sounds great, love the option to play entire track as one long workout as well as the option to choose individual songs that are my favorite and develop my own workout.
Breaking For the HolidaysThe Best Christmas collection!1. It's Gonna Be A Cold Cold Christmas (Vonzell Solomon)2. I Saw Mommy Kissin' Santa Claus (The Demolition String Band)3. Do You Hear What I Hear (Chaka Khan)4. Home For The Holidays (Eve Nelson)5. Jingle Bells (Miz Metro)6. River (Ben Jelen)7. New Year's Eve At Home (Karine Hannah)8. Feels Like Christmas(Carla)9. Silent Night(Jill Gioia)10. Miracle Of Lights (Sandra Bernhard featuring Sussan Deyhim)
Hysterical stand-up here.  Bought the album in preparation for an 8 hour vacation drive and it was well worth the money.  If you like David Cross at all (Run Ronnie, Run - Mr. Show - Arrested Development), you won't be disappointed.
Family memories from my childhood, clean and true Christmas. We always had this among all of our holiday records. You should listen too.
I will not write as detailed a review as TOM TOM did but I will say that I have over 100 Christmas CDs and the two "A Princeton Christmas" CDs are now among my favorites - and not just because they're new!  After a while, you just don't want to hear another rendition of "White Christmas" or "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer."  These two CDs have a number of unusual carols on them.  They are BEAUTIFULLY performed.  I liked them so much I just hit the play button again when they were over.As an added bonus, you get to support a really worthy project - a school meal program for children in Africa.  You help kids get the nutrition they need and the program helps to keep them in school.
The fact that some of the profits go to a worthy charity is all the more reason to buy this album.  If you enjoy the samples, proceed directly to "buy the .mp3 album with one-click".  You will not be disappointed.
Great Music for a Great Cause!!!!"Princeton University is proud to be part of this remarkable grassroots initiative to help the children of Africa. The music is enchanting and inspirational, and the message of hope and love is immensely powerful."-- Shirley M. Tilghman,President of Princeton University"We are proud to team up with the Princeton community in this timely and inspired effort to help feed the children of Africa."-- Karen Sendelback, President and CEO of Friends of the World Food Program
There's certainly no shortage of worthy causes vying for our attention during the holiday season, but here's one that's sure to satisfy fans of Christmas choral music, whose purchase of the CD also will benefit the children of sub-Saharan Africa through the United Nations' World Food Program. The CD gathers together performances of Christmas music by various choral groups based in Princeton, New Jersey--which happens to boast one of the continent's more impressive lineups, from the renowned Westminster Choir and American Boychoir to the Princeton Girlchoir, Princeton High School Choir, and Princeton University Chapel Choir. The 20 selections are not from a single concert but were contributed/donated by the various ensembles and are drawn primarily from concert performances from different places and dates, all from the past 10 years. (There's even a performance--"Let it Snow!"--from the Princeton Girlchoir's appearance on the NBC-TV Today Show in 2002.)Naturally, there are substantial differences in sound quality and ambience from track to track, and likewise the polish and technical refinement of the performances varies, but with a couple of exceptions the results range from perfectly acceptable to very good. And it's wonderful to hear on one disc such variety of repertoire and types of ensembles, from the younger voices of the American Boychoir and high school groups to the college choirs of Princeton and Westminster. Most of the pieces are familiar--such favorites as David Willcocks' setting of Ding dong! Merrily on high, Leroy Anderson's Sleigh Ride, Vaughan Williams' Sussex Carol and First Nowell, Darke's In the bleak midwinter, Rutter's Nativity Carol, Britten's A New Year Carol, and the aforementioned Let it Snow!; but I would list several others as highlights.These include the Princeton Girlchoir's rendition of Rutter's setting of Personent Hodie, the Princeton Day School Choir Madrigal Singers in Alice Parker's Hark, I hear the harps eternal, and best of all, the Westminster Choir's gorgeous performance of Ralph Johnson's beautiful Christmas hymn The hills are bare at Bethlehem (a setting of the early-American tune "Prospect" that demands several immediate repeats!). Frank Ferko's excellent Adam Lay Ybounden receives a fine rendition by the Princeton University Chapel Choir, as does Daniel Kantor's Night of silence by the Tartantones of Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart. The program concludes not with voices but with bells--a very impressive virtuoso performance of William Griffin's arrangement of Tchaikovsky's "March" from the Nutcracker by the Westminster Concert Bell Choir.This CD was issued in 2007 and a second volume has just been released this year. Both are available as CDs or via download through the project's website--[...]--or at [....]. All proceeds from your purchase will go directly to feed children--the most appreciated $20 gift you'll give this year.--David Vernier
After you have read all the incredible Churchill quotes (Never have so many owed so much to so few) and read the story of his life and a few overviews of World War II, it's time to listen to the whole speeches.  Yes, he was long-winded and sometimes sounded tipsy and had an alarming lisp.  Yes, they could have arranged these in date order, and should have.  But you can and should arrange them that way.  The quality is not perfect and probably could be better, even for these old recordings.  But ... Listened to in order, you get the almost despair of Dunkirk, the Blitz, the &#34;end of the beginning,&#34; the barely supressed glee at Pearl Harbor and the entry of the U.S.A. into the war, the devastation of the post-war election, and the full iron curtain speech with Harry Truman in attendance.  You wish he would get on with it, you think &#34;Oh, this is none of his tropes,&#34; and then he makes you want to stand up, wave a flag and cheer.  It jars the ear in our time to hear him exhorting &#34;our race&#34; and extolling the British Empire, but if you can stomach that, it's wonderful stuff.  The real deal.  The UK was lucky to have him in WWII.  We speakers of English will forever wish that he could lead us again.  &#34;Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say 'This was their finest hour.'&#34;  (June 18, 1940.)
Like going back in time and learning the history of our world as express by Churchill. This set of recordings were during a time when the world needed the passion, resolve and intelligence he offered. I enjoyed this set very much. The amount of speeches offered for the price is a very good opportunity to own just about every speech and broadcast of even minor importance by Churchill.
Someone sent me a Foamy the squirrel link a couple of years ago - tech support - and I utterly cracked up.  Now the language is definitely M for mature (ok maybe mature isn't the best word but the 'f' word is one of Foamy's favorites) and this is not for anyone who is 'pc'.  Everyone is fair game for Foamy's rants, and I do mean everyone.  If you are concerned you won't like it, go to the website and preview several of the toons so you know what you are getting.  Foamy has a lot of fans out there!  Remember how many complaints were generated about Tropic Thunder's contents?  That was nothing compared to Foamy.  Foamy is his own squirrel.
Heard a cut as bumper music on one of my fav radio shows...This is a great twist on some Christmas classic favs!
The introspective lyrics and fast pace in these songs set an at once somber and exciting atmosphere, and at $8.99 for the -complete- album of almost 30 tracks, it's a steal compared to the fragmented and incomplete album on iTunes, in which the total cost of buying each song amounts to over 25 dollars!Favorite tracks: Another World, Colour of Love, Life is a Distance, Lost Little Robot, Ambush, and Mantrap- The Seduction
Love this album! Great beat and fun lyrics! Lyrics have to do with old slasher movies. Kind of like a game to try to figure out which ones.
Quite awesome.  Remixes are excellent in this collection.  I adore the Dr. Channard (Funker Vogt Remix) on Disc 2. This album brings back club memories.  Defiantly worth the price for 29 music tracks.  I wish Beborn Benton would come out with new content soon!  I highly recommend this album to any synth/futurepop goer.
I am a weight loss surgery patient trying to get in shape and boost my weight loss. This is the BEST program to date. I am getting stronger and better each week. It is so satisfying!! The trainer's voice is calm and not chatty like Leslie!! You can concentrate on your running and trust that he will be back just in time to cue your next move. I spent so much time blocking Leslie's voice that I too often lose my pace, and drag doing the routine again knowing what I'll have to listen to her non stop chatting!! But not with this one! I can clear my mind and concentrate on the music and my movements.I was always afraid of running and losing my breath, but this program is building me up as a runner and I love it. The music is great, the instructor is great. I can not wait to finish it so I can get the next session!!IF YOU ARE OUT OF SHAPE, IN NEED OF LOSING WEIGHT, THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU!!
A friend recommended this program to me, I was starting to run but didn't have any direction, and this certainly helps. I don't know if 4 weeks would be enough if you are an absolute beginner, I would suggest if you are, to do week 1 twice, cause week 4 is tough. But if you stick w/ it, you should be able to run a mile w/o passing out at the end.
At 35 I have never run a mile in my life, ever. I've always wanted to run but I was out of shape and never knew how to get started. I had heard of the couch to 5k and I was familiar with interval training but I knew I'd never do it right if I had to keep track of when to start and stop on my own. This has made a world of difference. The music is good and bouncy. The music is so motivating I have to watch myself to make sure I don't take off sprinting as I have found that means I can't complete the run if I blow it all on a sprint.Every day starts with a 5 minute warm up and a 5 minute cool down. The work out breaks down as:week 1: 45 seconds of running, 2 minutes of walking x4week 2: 90 seconds of running, 90 seconds of walking x4week 3: 2 minutes & 15 seconds of running, 45 seconds of walking x4week 4 day 1: 4 minutes 30 seconds of running, 60 seconds of walking, and 4 minutes 30 seconds of runningweek 4 day 2: 6 minutes 15 of running run, 45 seconds of walking, and 4 minutes of runningweek 4 day 3: 10 minutes of runningI got stopped on week 2 and spent 4 weeks on it. I ended up having to take another week off as I realized I was showing the beginning signs of shin splints (apparently they are most common in new runners). That week off made all the difference. I now take off 1-3 days between runs (instead of the recommended 1-2) depending on whether or not I have recovered completely. I intend to go back to old weeks to work on running faster once I hit my life long goal of a mile.
When I bought this program I weighed over 300 lbs. It took me 6 weeks to complete it, rather than the 4. For some reason I got stuck on week two and did it 3 weeks in a row. After that I was able to complete weeks 3 and 4 without much of a problem. In the 6 weeks I dropped two pant sizes and 35lbs. It is great at conditioning the legs for the pounding they take from someone my size. With stretching I was able to maintain relatively pain free legs. They complained the first week but got with the program after that. I have already purchased 8 weeks to 5k and am ready to start it. I like to run before sunrise and it was great to not to have to look at a watch.
After recovering from a serious illness, I began taking my health more seriously, and running seemed like a low-cost, easily adaptable exercise to get into.  Except I couldn't get into it.  I've seen a few other beginner running programs out there, but even they were too intense for me, with too long intervals of actual running, and too short intervals of walking recovery.  This program starts of slightly less intense than the others I've seen - with a shorter distance goal, that makes sense - and it was exactly what I needed.  By the second day, I could already see improvement.  The feeling I got when I completed the program was amazing, and I am hooked!
I have just started the program, but so far I really like it...just what I was looking for..if you are wanting a beginner program, this is a good one!
I tried the programs where you time yourself, but constantly looking at my watch felt awkward so I never completed them. With Personal Running Trainer you are told when to start running and when to stop running-- Love it! The music is upbeat. Although not my favorite, it works well with this program.I recommend this for anybody who wants help running a mile.
Love love love this program...It is exactly what I needed.  It is so difficult to concentrate on proper running form and breathing when you're trying to time everything.  This program takes care of all of that and let's you concentrate on the dynamics.  I am finishing up the 4 weeks to 1 mile and am definitely going on to the next one.
I am 62 yrs old - and - never ran more than 1/4 mile without wheezing.  But - have decided I WILL run and tried this program.  It is EASY!  I swear - if you can pick your feet up and put them down quickly without falling - you can do this!  It starts so slowly and progresses so steadily...  at the end my hamstrings are complaining (mildly) because of new muscles - and I didn't complete the distance in the allotted time - but - I DID complete the distance and I have never gotten so much value for my money! (shhh!  don't tell them)
My great resolve has yet to be resolved but I do walk outside with a friend.Eager to start this...maybe in the new year:)
This program had me looking forward to running - something I never used to like to do.  The music is great and the coaching instructions are well done.  You won't be disappointed!
I am very pleased with this program. I had no trouble following along and always completed the run exactly as directed. The music is suitable for the program and helps you keep a good pace. I am very pleased with this purchase and looking forward to moving on to others as well.
I bought this program on the recommendation of a friend and am glad I did!  I am a devoted walker with no experience as a runner, so this program has been perfect for me to slowly add a little more intensity into my routine.  Hoping to someday run the whole mile without stopping!
I have tried running mixed with workouts in the past, but I always just ran to failure then walked, then ran to failure.  To be honest, I don't know that I ever got to running a mile nonstop with my method (although I could run fast in short bursts.)  I have recently participated in a couple 5k's this year walking most of the way and It got me motivated to build up to running one.There are countless guides that state to jog for a distance or time, then walk, repeat... and I'm sure it works, and that's the method this uses.  The difference is, this lets you just go and not worry about checking a timing device and without having checkpoints everywhere you go.  If you have access to a track nearby, more power, but I would prefer to simply run around my subdivision in the mornings.  The time puts me right in line with the distance (1 mile in this case) and I'm building up nicely already I feel.  I will definately be moving on to the 5k mp3's after I finish these up soon.5 stars all the way for the concept, and integrating music with the beats/min chosen is great as well.  I was thinking that while running and matching my steps to the beat, it turns out the beat is that speed on purpose as explained on the website of the company.
I love this program.  I was looking for music for intervals, but this is way better.  I don't have to check my watch and see when to change my pace.  I am not someone who enjoys running, but with this program I was done before I knew it.  Also, the build up in pace is gradual but not so slow for me to get bored.  If I really wanted to push myself I just did the workout twice (about 40 minutes total for two runs).  Every run is actually over a mile, with the idea that by the end you are running a mile total (with short bits of walking). I just purchased the 8 Weeks to a 5K follow up and I can't wait to start it.
I love this program.  It works exactly as it said it would.  I was getting frustrated while trying to start a running program, this simplified the process greatly.  I successfully completed this program, and am now half way through the 8 weeks to 5K program.
Bought this in January, didn't start until 5 weeks ago. Life got in the way. I have 2 dogs that love to walk and I'd been getting bored with daily 4-5 mile walks. I have never run. I was the fat kid in gym class with a doctor's note.  Just did the last day this morning and have already purchased the next set: 8 weeks to a 5K. Didn't quite get a mile in 10 minutes but it is still awesome that I can run for 10 minutes and not keel over when just 5 short weeks ago I couldn't run more than 100 ft without my lungs burning.This is an awesome series.  The man's voice is very soothing and encouraging. He tells you what you are doing that day and when to run and walk. There were a few days I blocked everything but the music. Just keep moving. You can do it.I'm sticking with the Personal Running Trainer.
I have been using this program.  As a person who has never run, this program is wonderful.  The music is upbeat, and the coach tells you when to walk and when to start running.  It is timed so no need for a watch.  Just download onto your iPod/MP3 player /android phone/iPhone and just go.  It is fun and does give you a quality workout.  If you are looking to start running/jogging, this is a great program to follow. I highly recommend it.
I've tried running in the past, but did not get to far out the gate.  I'm in my second week of this program and must say that I am enjoying it and looking forward to all that it has to offer.  The prompts when to run/walk are perfect. The music is okay, but I zone out anyway.  I wish they had one set to gospel music.
Good stuff, deep stuff.  Serious stuff about serious stuff.  Get it but you might not get it. Listen anyway.
Having had his Graffitti Man, and Johnny Damas albums, this was a leap of faith. And a great leap it was, another aspect, facet or whatever you care to call it, this brings John into focus a bit more so one can liten, follow along and at the same time understand.
I have loved every album that I have been able to get by John Trudell. I have the older songs already, but still this album is worth having. I usually buy cd versions but I couldn't wait so I got the mp3. Word weaver man, no one writes like him.
I only learned about John Trudell in the last year. I've become an addict. I've purchased every Trudell CD I can get in the past year. All are great, but this is my favorite. If you haven't got this one in your collection, it's a must!!
one of the best John's cdif you don't know any about this man and his poetry buy this double cdsi dont wanna tell you more than buy it and discover itthanks John!
Sappy Celine Dion style holiday songs need to drop off the face of the Earth especially when something this good is available. I love Patent Pending and love this song!!! One of the best pop-punk bands out there with a great sense of humor and great song writing abilities.BENNY THE WHALE FOREVER!!!
This song makes me want to party.A little something different to make your christmas bright...
I absolutely LOVE IT!  Specially the bells reminds me of my church Christmas Program on Red Bull!  And I wouldn't have it any other way!  Patent Pending never stops bringing smiles to my face!
I can't believe it!  Patent Pending finally wrote a song about my ex!!  Just kidding (not really) but this song is hilarious and so is the video they made for it.  These guys are awesome both in the studio and live.  As always, Patent Pending does not dissapoint!  If you are in any way a fan of good music, get this song and their album Save Each Other The Whales Are Doing Fine(buy the CD, it comes with the bonus DVD that has lots of funny extras!).
Despite the other review on here I totally disagree, this remake is nearly perfect to the original (which isn't for sale here).  I wouldn't call this a cover, it's an attempt to copy the original as much as possible.
Great dixieland Christmas music!! The 2 whole CD is wonderful from beginning to end. Can't even begin to say how much i love it.
this guy is too funny. his life experience with his family is so real. this should be a required course in school.
Jeff Allen is a funny guy. Clean humor that makes you laugh. Rare to find that these days, if you're looking for a good laugh and don't want the bad language, buy this album.
Kidd Kraddick In The Morning! I love the Kinsey bit, and also the Mommy Test! :)
Kidd Kraddick is great as Kinsey. WTH ... J-Si , come home! Some his best work. Hope they might do a collection of his other characters, Wally,Must Be Nice Guy and lets not forget Kelly. If you love the Mommy Test, you need to add this to your collection.
Of the four "seaside" recordings I own, this one is my favorite. There's just not much else to say than this. :-)
This is a beautiful, relaxing album.  Each track is lovely, and the tracks easily flow from one into the other.  This is a wonderful gift for anyone - including yourself!  It will nourish your soul.
Fern, along with her friend Charlie the Chipmunk, gets her audience. That's a fact that's very apparent on Hopping Into Easter with Fern. She displays that enigmatic je ne said quoi that makes a local or regional children's favorite what they are. At the same time, Fern's voice could be a tough sell, to a wider audience. The personality and charisma that Fern displays on Hopping Into Easter With Fern is unmistakable, but her tone and pitch both have their rough spots, and vocal purists just won't be able to last long here. The kids will love the music, of course, and just like artists such as Raffi and Sharon, Lois and Bram before here, the songs will occasionally drive parents out of their minds. But Fern is the real deal, and she survives and thrives among the toughest music connoisseurs for one reason - she's real. There's nothing fake or contrived here. In this way, Fern finds her own moments of musical beauty- Wildy's World
This is a great creepy background soundtrack for Halloween.  It was only $1 and plays at least an hour of continuous, subtle, CREEPY music.**In fact, if you will have a lot of children near you or participate in a strong Neighborhood Watch program, you might want to play this inside your house only.**I had it blasting from my front porch and some of the screams were so realistic and "far away" sounding that I actually didn't know they were coming from my speakers.  I worried that the screams were coming from the valley my house overlooks, and my first reaction was to call the police.  I know that sounds drastic, but that's how realistic the recordings are.  Almost makes me wonder how the artist captured the noise...
Great job!  Thoroughly enjoyed the songs I have never heard, as well as the variations on familar tunes.  Plus, I feel like I've just had a visit with some great friends.  This CD provides new repertoire for many Christmases to come.
I am a member of Northland. I have always thought and knew our worship team was the best group of talented singers. This cd is absolutely beautiful. I am so proud of all of them. This cd is worth owning and enjoying. Thank You Northland worship team
Awesome songs from a truly beautiful music Ministry, second to none.  I used to attend Northland and I miss it.  Amazon, get more Northland music downloads - I will buy them!
This is a WONDERFUL Christmas Album.  I am also a member of Northland and have been buying the sermon CD's for years.  This is the best mix of Christian Christmas music out there, sung by THE most talented people.  It is really what the season is all about.  You could listen to this all year long.  Would make a great gift for that "hard to buy for" person.
You have friends over and you just cannot stand there humor or bad jokes...POP this baby in there and let Florentine take control and it will shut your friends up for a bit (Hearing them laugh is better than hearing them talk sometimes)Anyhow, this is GRRREAT! I need to order ALL OF THEM now!!!Too Funny!
If you remember the height of Steve Martin...you'll love James Connolly.  He's got the same wacky leaps of logic and timing that Steve had in the 70's.
I've never been to a show like Jimmy Pardo's, but when he says he has no act, he's right. He thinks off the cuff, doing jokes WITH the crowd, and it's hilarious.Track 9 -- "Jerry" -- may be one of the greatest moments on the whole album.I found myself going back and listening to the album a few days after, and it was still great.
Jimmy Pardo always makes me laugh! His show is hilarious and i love the cd.(:
pardo is awesome. he always makes me laugh. he has to be one of the funniest man alive. great job pardo.i recommend it to anyone who loves humor.
This a lovely recording containing several cuts I have not found elsewhere.  Unfortunately the download does not give all the listings for composers of some unfamiliar works.
i heard this at book club one night and had to have it. Her voice is not irritating at all so the ultimate goal was achieved quite easily. For meditation students especially those who are still neophytes this is a sure thing.K Long
Very relaxing.  Soothing voice with soft background music & sounds that are not overpowering.  I like to turn off my office lights and shut the door during lunchtime and listen to one of the shorter tracks on my MP3 player to calm down and "get centered" before going going back to work.  The guided meditation tracks are a good change from the typical relaxation CD's.  In "Sands of Time," you are sitting on a beach, in "Meeting Your Angels or Guides," you are in a garden, and in "Swimming with the Wild Dolphins," you are in Bimini.
No Problems and great band.  Not sure if I listened to this yet but I love the Lovehammers! Go get it!
This is the type of music that real emotion tends to swell up inside anyone that hears it. Watson and Edge really made such a musical impact upon me. During the 80's I lived in Colorado and saw them perform live twice. CD's were just coming out and all that they had for sale was purchased: 'Catharsis' & 'Tears of Joy', except their Christmas album was still cassette only! It was great to see that an MP3 format is available to my old time favorite.The musical expression is organic, not mechanical. Every slight musical hesitation heard is visually joined with Malcolm's bow, his face filled with delight and Jefferey's hands lightly playing the strings of his guitar.Those that never saw the flamboyant, elegant and bright Malcolm Watson and the quiet, dark headed guitarist Jefferey Edge performing will never get the full visual memory and music that is forever joined in all those that saw them perform live. However, the music is peaceful, but has energy and is worth downloading.
I love Bob and Sheri.  It was many months after my husband died, that I started to change things around the house.  Changing the environment, can change your mood.  I decided to also change radio stations.I remember where I was (the kitchen) when something was said on Bob and Sheri that made me burst out laughing.  I was so stunned!  I had not laughed out loud in so long.  It was so reassuring that I was going to be okay...So, I listened and learned about them both.  The bit on #12 is a list of questions that actually relate to all of the things that "work" or are non-negotiable for Bob.  There's only one place for pizza, one wine, one best fruit...
This is hilarious nerdy music. If you are a fan of Tom Lehrer or the Great Lukeski, You're going to enjoy this album.
About 90 percent of people out in the world will not understand half the stuff on this CD (FORTRAN, the Konami Code, etc.), but for those remaining 10 percent, this is a must buy.  Pure Geekdom at its finest.
Very funny. A lot of throw-backs in here. I enjoyed it immensely. Just don't expect to be sharing it with non-geeks. The few songs that i really liked made it worth the purchase.
Dwayne has a nice human side to his comedy style - very fresh and hilarious!
After the various O brother and O sister compilations, it was perhaps inevitable that an album with O Christmas in the title would follow - but it's well up to the standard I hoped for, as well as including some wonderful surprise new singers.First, the expected - Rhonda Vincent opens the set with a magnificent rendition of Christmas time's a-coming, which seems to appear on every bluegrass Christmas collection (including the one by Patty Loveless), but rarely appears anywhere else. Some day, a rock band will discover this song, record it and take it to the wider audience that it deserves.Other excellent performances from established names in bluegrass include The friendly beasts (The Johnson mountain boys), Go tell it on the mountain (Cox family), Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer (Lynn Morris), O Christmas tree (Rhonda Vincent) and a medley by Doyle Lawson and Quicksilver.I was also pleased to see Jeannie Kendall's name here - this was not a surprise as she also appeared on O sister 2. Jeannie uses her unique voice to sing Smoky mountain Christmas.Perhaps the biggest surprise is the quality of the recordings by some of the new names that Rounder have chosen to introduce.You've heard Winter wonderland and Here comes Santa Claus many times, but the Shankman twins (two sisters that are new to me) sing them with such entusiasm that really captures the fun of Christmas. Unquestionably, these are among the finest recordings of these songs I've heard, maybe the best of all.Another interesting new act is Open road, who also do two songs - Christmas is near and Blue Christmas (this is given a completely different, uptempo arrangement - I'm not sure if it really suits the song, but it makes a nice change and is very well done).This is an outstanding album of all-new recordings by singers and pickers who clearly enjoyed themselves. The general feel is very upbeat, making it suitable for playing at any time over the Christmas period. It deserves to win many new fans for bluegrass music.
Just push play, sit down and let you feet start clicking or get up and dance. This is a great bluegrass Christmas album!
As a child, I grew up listening to this record with my cousin.It is exceptionally creepy and scary still - especially the Frankenstein Monster.Even today, most parents would probably not let their young kids listen without adult supervision first.I am so happy to have found and obtained this lost treasure from my childhood days.Thanks Amazon Cloud!
Like most who are already familiar with this recording, I grew up lisltening to the LP in the early '70s. Today, it's really only suitable for two types of people: lovers of the old Universal monsters, and anyone who enjoys the theater of the mind. Younger children? Not without an adult nearby.Does this nearly 50 year old novelty recording stand up? Depends on what you're looking for. If you want some degree of thoughtful monologue, it's here. Apart from a few clunky spots (in scripting, voicing or both), both the Dracula and the Frankenstein recordings remain pretty well thought out and executed. Best of all, there are still some chills to be had.Dell's characterizations are interesting, to say the least. His evil (yet surprisingly direct and honest) Count in "Dracula's Return" is not a perfect Lugosi but is vocally closer to Lugosi than to Ricardo Montalban, despite reviews to the contrary. This side has some truly creepy parts, particularly once we arrive in the vampire underworld."Frankenstein Monster Talks," however, is where Dell shines: his Monster is an intelligent, thoughtful but utterly insane powerhouse. Dell gets hammy in spots on this side, it's true, but this is offset by the eye-popping carnage we hear as the Monster calmly rips doors, carriages and living, screaming humans to pieces. I still have trouble believing this album was originally intended for kids, though it was. One thing's for sure: even if the Universal Monsters were as popular today as they were in the early '60s, an piece of work like this might see the shelves but would NOT be marketed for kids.Download it and take a listen. There's some chills here, especially on a night with a storm rising, in a pitch black room with your speakers WAY up.
This album has been previously hard to find. They released it in CD format in 2001 and I haven't been able to find it since. Until they re-release it, expect to pay upwards of 30.00 for it, which is simply not worth the money unless you grew up with this one and have to have it. I didn't have this one growing up but when I found it and listened to it's simplicity, it has become a favorite. It sounds like what you might hear in an old Christmas cartoon or movie. You don't have to take my word for it...thankfully, Amazon has included snippets of every song, so you can listen for yourself and decide. The only downside (beside the current price)is that the poem "The Night Before Christmas" which is well done, cuts out after Santa lands on the roof. Why didn't they finish the poem? The world may never know. If you like traditional Christmas music, I think you'll be very happy with this one.
it was good, we threw a party for our toddler kids... i wish there were more music than just random sounds but it is what it is - i'd recommend it but not by itself. definitely need more songs if you're planning a party
I love her comedy. I wish I was close enough to her performances to hear them live. Left-brain sounds like a hoot. :-)WELL worth the money.
Some I have heard.  Some I will listen to again because they are just plain funny.  Like watching old I Love Lucy's over and over.  They're just funny.
Besides her truly enchanting Southern accent, her humor is right on. I could identify with her in so many ways.  When you need a &#34;pick me up&#34;, listen to Jeanne Robertson. You will never regret it.
This old world of ours sure is changing fast, at least for me, with seemingly everything "entertaining"(news programs, comedy monologues, TV shows) around us hop, skip and jumping from scene-to-scene or subject-to-subject so fast that it's a miracle we all don't suffer from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).  It seems like we just have to have something changing all the time in front of our eyes.  But is it really entertainment when we have to have our  brains hopped-up on caffeine just to keep-up? I don't think so!Jeanne Robertson stresses through her stories of the little things that happen around her that humor is a very valuable commodity that we need to  to be on the look-out for and enjoy on a daily basis.Storytelling is not something new, in fact it is the forerunner to books and everything else that we currently use to communicate.  And while storytelling can be from one person to another, it is best shared with an audience so that more can enjoy the stories, and the audience can share between each other the points expressed in the story.  In "Southern Style," you have a recording of Jeanne speaking before an audience that is truly enjoying the stories, and you can almost "see" them "wink" at each other when something she says hits home.To me, Southern storytellers are the best because the "art" has carried on longer, and it is still considered an "art."  Having lived all over the United States, I know other regions have great storytellers, but there is something about the "South" that has made the region retain its storytelling supremacy.  Some may say its because for so long so many folks lacked an education, or a TV or radio, and it was necessary to tell stories to keep others entertained.  Whatever the case, it is a blessing that one can conveniently download a CD to listen to a wonderful and gifted storyteller like Jeanne Robertson.While all of Ms. Robertson's CD's are excellent, "Southern Style," to me, is the cream of the crop, and through Amazon you can now download it. I would strongly suggest you download all of it because the stories are very good, and they have a tendency to interweave:  from the tales of the two Miss North Carolinas' and her husband's (Left-Brain) exploits, to her fashion story of wearing a Pashmina (fancy wrap) in New York.In closing, let me say I was blessed to have have been raised in the South, with its great storytellers, but for those of you who weren't, I can think of no better example of storytelling by a master storyteller than "Southern Style" by Jeanne Robertson.
Good clean humor. So easy to picture the situations she talks about. Wonderful to find humor where offensive words are not used or even necessary.
My Mom loves Jeanne Robertson.  I have to admit, she is pretty funny.  Just wish Amazon had CDs, since that is my mother's preferred media.
I find her work to be hilarious and clean ... that's very refreshing.  You have to love her husband, Jerry.
I have lived all around the US, both growing up as a military dependant and then with my husband when he was in the military for 20 years.  Now we're living, for the first time, in the true South.  In Tennessee.Sometimes I forget just how important a sense of humour is in order to make it from day to day.  But Ms Jeanne's stories are a wonderful reminder.  Sometimes you just have to laugh.When you first hear some of Ms Jeanne's stories you can't believe people are really like that in real life.  But now that we're here in Tennessee, I can honestly say they are exactly like that.So do yourself a favor and experience some of the best story telling there is around.  Try Southern Style by Ms. Jeanne.By the way, here in the south, everyone is referred to by their first name with the respectful Ms or Mr in front.
We love Miss North Carolina basketball jones. She speaks for all women everywhere who hold their chins up high regardless of the comedy happening around them. Great life  coach.
If you need a pick me up here it is. I plan to get all of her albums.I first heard her on U tube but never knew she had  these..
Jeanne Robertson's comedy is good clean fun.  I truly enjoy listening to her spin tales that obviously come from her ability to see the humor in every day situations, with a special place for her &#34;left brained&#34; husband.
Jeanne Robertson is funny.  Real funny.  I dare you to listen to this recording for a minute and not laugh.  I DARE you.  Go ahead... we can wait.We don't laugh often enough, do we?  We don't take the time, as Jeanne has done, to actually NOTICE the things that are funny in the world.  Like the absolute greatest masters of the comedic form, Mrs. Robertson doesn't "make up stuff" or "tell jokes".  She simply lets us take a glimpse at the world at she sees it.  She holds a mirror up to life and finds hilarious that which is looking back.She has several funny, FUNNY recordings which you can get as audio or DVD recordings, but "Southern Style" is easily in her top 2 or 3 and includes perhaps her most famous story of all: "Left Brain's Grocery List" could stand toe to toe with Bill Cosby's "Noah" or Richard Pryor's "Mudbone" or Andy Griffith's "What it was, was Football".Mrs. Robertson's husband is named Jerry, but she calls him "Left Brain" and if you don't understand that, as she says, you may be one too...  Jeanne has been drafted into making several of her famous 7-up pound cakes, and needs to dispatch Jerry to the grocery store to pick up a few ingredients.  You'll just have to hear the results, but as the tears roll down your cheeks with laughter the part of your soul that recognizes the truthfulness of things will know there is a little Left Brain in most of us.Thank Heaven for BOTH of the Robertsons and for Jeanne's gift for sharing her magnificently cultivated sense of humor.A final word: perhaps most miraculously of all, Mrs. Robertson makes you laugh and laugh and laugh with nary an off-color word.  Not just fun for the whole family - this is FUNNY for the whole family!
If you've never heard Jeanne Robertson, you must try something of hers soon!  Her comedy is clean and hilarious!  She is going to appear live at a venue near me in 2013, so I am looking forward to getting tickets to the event.  That's how much I love her style and her sense of humor.  If you are a Southerner, you should be ashamed if you've never heard of Jeanne Robertson.  She is the epitome of a true Southern lady and her stories will be something you should relate to easily.  I think I have everything she has ever recorded and have never been disappointed.  I recommend you buy at least one track if not an entire &#34;show&#34; and hear about her and Left Brain's lives.  You won't regret it!
Absolutely hilarious.. was a Christmas gift for some family members who resemble Jeanne and Left Brain all too much! We all enjoyed listening to her many stories.
I am clearly not in the 'target market' for Jeanne's material, and yet I still find it absolutely hilarious.  She is truly unique in her style and delivery. Great lady.
After being introduced to this comic, I fell in love with her style of comedy. I'll buy more of this artist!
I first hear her in a video clip on youtube.com.  The audio CD is terrific and her humor is refreshing.  I can see myself in some of here humor.  My only regret is that the DVD of the taping wasn't available.  If it becomes available, I'll purchase it too.
Love all material and will order any new cd she makes.  Her stories about family are hilarious.  Funny funny funny.
Jeannie Robertson is a genuine hoot!  I could listen to her all day.  Her stories are easy to relate to.
This one funny lady, and mean LADY. Being from the south everything she says hits home. My wife has told me that I am NOT a left brain.
Very pleased with this product. Had me laughing my butt off.  The best routines are, "Left Brain's Grocery List," "Aging," and "The Baton Story."  Even if you don't like southern humor, you should give Mrs. Robertson a listen.
Same as on the other DC I bought She has a line of humor that will keep you laughing through her entire routine.
I laughed until I couldn't bear to laugh anymore.  She is wonderful and down to earth with everyday things that happen to all of us.  She finds humor in everything.  Rafting on the Colorado is the best.
This is adult humor. Not nasty humor. Once again we see that funny does not require denerating others, sex or shocking words.
i can't get enough of jeanne Robertson.  Her humor is down to earth and o easy to relate to.If you haven'theard her, get her CD today
In the South, and I'm talking about the Deep South, we are blessed and sometimes we don't know it.  Having been raised in a town of around 3,000, if you count the dogs, cats and ducks, there were several spots in town that became gathering places for storytellers.  And, while one might think that all you had to do to find a "master" at storytelling was to just ask someone a question, or shake a tree, that is not the case.  Folks, great storytellers are few and far between.  Fortunately, for us, we have Jeanne Robertson, "The Master," in my opinion, at relaying to the listener events in her life that are humorous and sometimes thought-provoking.FLAT-OUT FUNNY is a wonderful collection of stories in which we learn more about Jeanne's right-hand, do-it-all, too-funny, one-person staff and friend Toni Meredith and come away wishing we had someone like that around us on a daily basis.  The story of the "Perk Trip" to Hawai'i with Jeanne's husband, LB ("Left Brain"), and Toni and her husband, to me, produces one of the best lines on the CD when Toni says, "I've finally found the blue, blue waters of Hawai'i." (I probably shouldn't tease those reading this review, but I want to be sure you don't miss that line because the first time I heard it, I was already laughing so hard from a previous line that I missed it.)A significant portion of the CD, and number of down-loadable tracks, details Jeanne and LB's 8-day trip "drifting" down the Colorado River, a trip we might all want to avoid if we are older people (Jeanne, in fact, warns us, "If you are over 60, this trip could kill you!") and, of course, there are several wonderful stories that include LB.This is a wonderful collection of stories, and while one might be tempted to select just a few, if you download, do yourself, and your pocketbook, a favor.  Spurge and get the whole CD.
Jeanne is the person you want to have at your dinner party (just don't ask her to cook!). Her goal is to find the humor in life--and then she shares that humor with the rest of us. Plus, she's a true southern lady, so you know she will &#34;bless your heart.&#34;
I am young but I still love her work. Positive attitude. Doesn't attack people. Find anything done by Jeanne and you'll love it.
When I first heard "Left brain grocery list", I laughed so hard my side hurt.  So, I decided to ger this album and several more.  Anytime I need something that will make me laugh or perk me up, I go to her albums.  I have never laughed so hard as I do when she describes real situations in a comedic way.  All 4 of the albums I bought were FANTASTIC.
She is the greateat. Her humor keeps me laughing even when the album is finished..I think she is up lifting for one & all.
I downloaded this to my Droid razor & it's nice to have this kind of laughter at my fingertips. Always enjoy all of Jeanne's routines.Definitely recommend this routine.
She is so funny. Love all her works. Can't wait to see her in person. She will make laugh until you cry.
I love Jeanne Robertson, she is such a funny lady! You will instantly fall in love with her comedy!I did have trouble downloading it from Amazon.com, as usual. I tried calling tech support, and the lady that I talked to barely spoke English, and could not help me with all my problems. I was not able to download all of the tracks, so I had to go back and download each track individually. Almost everytime I try to download something from Amazon.com, I have trouble with the downloader. I am seriously considering getting an ITunes account for my MP3's.
From what I gather about Jeanne Robertson, she doesn't consider herself a "stand-up comic" so much as "public speaker," but make no mistake about it - she is as funny as anyone in the business.  She comes from a little corner of North Carolina, and if Mayberry actually existed, you wouldn't have difficulty imagining that her home must be just up the road a spell from Andy and Barney.I recently had my first exposure to the Sirius radio network, and tracks from this "Flat-Out Funny" recording were prominently rotated between Bill Cosby and Jeff Foxworthy.  It is no faint praise to say that Jeanne Robertson is as funny as any of them.Her stories are full of wry and hilarious insights into the human condition, and it appears that any obstacle in her life simply becomes "new material".  This also seems to mean that anyone in her life is "fair game" for inclusion in her routines.  We hear many details about her husband, Jerry "Leftbrain", including his hesitation to accompany her on a near-disastrous eight-day rafting trip through the grand canyon, which included recreational opportunities such as hanging precariously from the side of a cliff, using AARP-vintage hands that at home would have difficulty opening a jar in the kitchen.This recording is an absolute obvious choice for that person or family or group who wants to hear "flat-out funny" comedy that is suitable for all ears, but the truth is that she is also as funny as the comedians who use the full spectrum of language.Flat-Out recommended.
I discovered Jeanne on Slacker Radio and after hearing a few clips, I had to have the album. I love how she relies on her own life, not on bad language and putting others down. Good fun.
Jeanne has a way of making anything funny, and making you wish you could have been there when those stories happened. 'Bungee Jumping' is hilarious and even though I've heard it several times it is still just as funny.  She is a comedian anyone can enjoy.
Jeanne Robertson delivers the kind of comedy the entire family can enjoy.  It's clean, funny and just the right kind of entertainment for many venues - at home with family, in clubs & organizations, church parties, sororities....  Can be enjoyed by men & women alike.  Just can't say enough about her humor and just downright fun entertainment!
I think her humor is super.  It's wonderful to hear a humorist that doesn't have to rely on off-color, and dirty jokes to obtain a laugh.  Buy it, it's worth it.
Laughed until I cried listening to the Grand Canyon Raft trip stories.  Been there, done that, and even had a boatman named &#34;Sparky&#34;, who got us stuck on the Big Red Rock in Crystal Rapid!
Jeanne Robertson is FUNNY!  Without having to resort to lewdness she had me laughing so hard I had tears come to my eyes.  I can't believe she's not more popular!
Jeanne Robertson is hilarious, and this album is appropriately titled.  Good, clean comedy at its best.
There are plenty of standup comedians around, mostly those commenting on current events, but there are a few people who stand out as distinctly different. Terry Foy, who performs at Renaissance Faires around the Midwest, is one of those distinctly different comedians. One of his specialties is Spoonerisms, the art of twisting words by taking the first sound of one word and exchanging it with the first sound of a following word. Hence the title of his CD, "Stunny Fuff."Spoonerisms got their name from Rev. William Archibald Spooner who was a Dean at Oxford in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He had a way of unconsicously wixing up murds, which the students found amusing. They began making up their own twongue tisters and called them Spoonerisms. I first encountered them in a grade-school reader about a boy named Homer who lived in Centerville. The town barber was prone to Spoonerisms. Later, comedian Jack Ross released a novelty record about "Rindercella and the Prandsome Hince." Archie Campbell later told his own version of that tale on "Hee Haw." Later I learned of "Col. Lemuel Stoopnagle," who wrote a book of twisted tales.Terry Foy continues the tradition as Zilch the Torysteller. He's learned the secret: you have to tink thaster than you falk" with part of the trick being the avoidance of unintended profanity. It can be a little confusing at first, but audiences quickly get into the thing of swings.Foy isn't limited to Spoonerisms. He's also good with Midwestern humor and this CD includes "The Muskie," a parody of an Edgar Allen Poe poem.
I listen to it every night.  It  makes me feel calmer, comforted,and put me to sleep in no time.A very pleasant new age music to listen to!
This is a very good guided Meditation on the Merkaba and it is done exactly the way it is supposed to be, with no changes.  It is very helpful in learning the Merkaba the right way.  It is recommended that you learn the Merkaba from a certified instructor, and this mp3 would then be used as a guide.
I have owned the CD version of this for years and lost it recently- I am so happy to find it here on Amazon!! Danny is an amazing singer and even better vocal coach! I love this warm up that he has produced because it makes a REAl difference in how you sound and really brings out the ringing quality to your highs AND lows!! I give this product the highest rating!
I quote Henry Cho quite a bit with my friends and have driven a lot of folks to check him out. He has a serious southern twang to his voice and he uses it well. He may fit the 'blue collar' label but he is more than that.Really, I should just let the man speak for himself, preview his work for the best sales pitch.
Cho, who is of Korean American descent, was raised in Knoxville and went into stand-up comedy in 1986. He is brilliantly funny & family funny no swearing & every line is sincere. Cho often uses his childhood experiences as an Asian American in the South in his comedy. "I'm an Asian with a Southern accent," remarks Cho, "To a lot of people, that right there is funny."I would recommend this to anyone that wants to laugh about the simple things in life we forget to laugh about.
Henry Cho is a treasure.  He is funny and family friendly.  It's nice when I can listen to a comic and my parents can enjoy it too.
Good selection, good quality. Love it! I cannot resist jazz versions of seasonal music and this is a good album.
Open House Christmas Ep... is an excellent addition to Jaci's first christmas albumChristmas, my favorite is It cam upon a midnight clear, which i hardly heard from Christian artists. I also liked Quiet Christmas Night, a song of Jesus' birth. And the perfect ending was Auld Lang Syne... the song of the new year... We'll take a cup of Kindness yet for the days of Auld Lang Syne!
The world of accounting lost a great mind when Bob Newhart went into comedy. He has been consistently great throughout his career, and I have enjoyed his humor since the 50's. The final episode of Newhart on TV stands out as one of the greatest endings to a television series in history.
I bought this as as gift for my husband, who will listen once or twice and then pass it on... So paying regular retail prices makes no sense. Thanks for providing an affordable option for me!
I purchased this download simply to reminisce and laugh at these guys once again. I grew up with their humor and comedy routine so since I've lost the vinyl along time ago i decided to get this and enjoy it one more time.
Early, Newhart but still funny today. An MP3 that you could play fixing the turkey and your company would enjoy too and who knows they may leave you alone for a few minutes.
This was a gift for my son who is 40 years old.  He is a big Newhart fan and wants all Newhart comedy albums.  I don't know if he has listened to it yet.
This is a great set from Jake Johannsen with some really funny stuff that breaks through the standard comedian style.  He engages with the audience in a really entertaining way.  A great thing with this album is that you don't lose anything major on the visual side - Johannsen is even funnier to watch his expressions but none of the jokes here really depend on seeing him.  This was recorded around the time of the 2000 election and there are some references to that but mostly it is pretty timeless stuff.(The other review here is obviously for some other album - don't worry, this is definitely a Jake Johannsen comedy album.)
Very traditonal and appropiate for the holidays. My family and I enjoyed listening to it. A must cd for the jazz lover's collection.
Funny then Funny now!!!!You can't  help to laugh what ever age you are . You don't even have to see him to Laugh
Brad Stine is the funniest comedian I've heard in years.  I am Christian so of course I can appreciate his humor but even my non Christian friend and sister got some good bully laughs from watching this.  They said his humor was refreshing.  I highly recommend him.  Be warned he tells it like it is and doesn't sugar coat things, but he does so tastefully and in a way that NEEDS to be heard.
Christians should listen to Brad Stine.  He is very funny and doesn't skirt the issues.  I saw him live at Promise Keepers and knew I had to by some of his videos.  He is great!
This is a whole lot of fun to listen to. Everyone should listen to his clean comedy routines--good for the whole family.
Brad Stine is brilliant in his comedy. Now one thing you need to know right off the bat is this is a decidedly Christian comedian to the point that some of what he says is more ironic truth than humor. He tends to get a little preachy but all in all an excellent comedian. His other cds areTolerate This!,A Conservative Unleashed, andPut A Helmet On!
This is a BEAUTIFUL version of the traditional song.  You *must* have at least 2 people though, because of the way the verse overlaps itself (listen to the demo sample).  The harmonies are out-of-this-world though!  The song in the Medium key (original key) goes all the way up to an A flat above high C, so just be warned of that.  Definitely my favorite version of this song!
I love this arrangement and their voices are amazing!  I can only hope to do it justice when I sing it!
IF you are looking to cover an song you love then Studio Series is pretty much the best out there! It is identical to the originals soundtrack, I wish they did ALL songs this way. The one and only downfall is that you don't have a lot of options to mix it up and make it your own, the Original key comes with their back round vocals or without them, but any key changes will only come without backround vocals, not a deal breaker for me but it could be for others. Still a great great product!
Hilarious Damon I was lol all album.long it's worthy urged money I can listen to it back to back to back
i'm astounded to find this album available for download. the credits provided indicate a 2005 release but i can testify that it hasn't been in the rhino or the greater warner's catalogue since then.in any case, the gap are harry shearer, michael mckean and david lander, all of whom have gone on to great success since the recording of this album in the early '70's (well, not so much lander - i can only hope squiigy hasn't been forced into a day job. he must of really pissed the other two off, doncha think? i mean, they coulda thrown him in as a singer in mighty wind or a scooper in best of show or something). it was the funniest record i knew then (not the more popular, more cryptic, less funny firesign theather) and its still hilarious today. it helps (alot) if you're old enough to remember johnny carson's tonight show, playboy after dark and the release of martin luther king's fbi files but my kid's 17 years old and she likes it too, especially the golden bits and lance learns to box.what else to say? you should fry up a couple of steaks and listen to the record, you should live and be well and you've got to stop eating with those clydesdales - you're getting too much roughage in your kibble.
Classic comedy bits that stand the test of time. Check out the Johnny Carson spoof that is spot on in material and impressions.
At a time when older or obscure albums are prepped for CD re-release by simply playing an original LP into a computer and applying some digital restoration, this comedy gem was obviously remastered from the original tapes (thank you Warner/Reprise for hanging onto them!) So for anyone who loved and still quotes lines from this album, and wishes they had a pristine copy... this is the real thing!Some of the bits will be lost on people under 40, particularly the classic "Where's Johnny", so this may not appeal to a younger person. It's one of those 'you had to be there' things I guess. And having been there, I'm glad this has surfaced. There are new liner notes in the booklet, but grab a magnifying glass if you want to read the original printed text on the 'back cover' art.If you happened to live in L.A. around 1970-71 and heard the Credibility Gap 'news' broadcasts on KPPC FM, you'll also like The Bronze Age Of Radio, reissued on Varese in 2007. Available through Amazon as well!
Yes! The Credibility Gap's best album (along withThe Bronze Age of Radiomake this comedy album collector's dreams come true! This is one of the best comedy albums ever made...period!!Tracks like "Kingpin" and "16 Golden Bits" are enough to qualify it as a classic, but "A Date With Danger" and the "Tonight Show" parody truly bring it over the top...It's great to have this finally in high fidelity on compact disc instead of listening to my old vinyl recordings.Highly recommended...
My lp record of this hilarious troupe disappeared years ago.  I have been googling it for several years and now it's available on CD.  One of my top 10 favorite records of all time, and that includes all rock, jazz, classical, comedy, etc.  Truly, an unsuspected exprise, with Una von Una and all the other characters - better than Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke.  There is a god - thank you thank you thank you!
More of the Credibility Gap that aired in the '70s in LaLa land. The guys (Shearer, McKean, Lander, and Beebe) took stuff in the news and showed how absurd some of it was. Some really smart and funny stuff. Recommended.
I first started listening to The Credibility Gap in 1969, when they were featured during the News segments, on KRLA, Los Angeles. The parodies of Richard Nixon,the continuing adventures of Just Plain Sam, everyday was funny. So when they did this, in 1974, I was more than ready, for it.Since I haven't owned a turntable since about 1990, it's finally here, on a glorious CD. Ha Ha Ha !!!!
Using this as a teaching tool and it continues to echo in my mind and heart!  Can't wait for Christmas!
I love this recording and used it for my church's special music program. Lovely sounding background that is appropriate for any church Christmas setting.
I bought this for my daughter when she was two. She is now seven and we listen to it every Christmas. This is a sweet and well done collection which celebrates the meaning of Christmas and we never tire of it. Just wonderful.
I was but a mere child when I first heard Allan Sherman, and he passed away at too young an age. But, typical for true genius, his musical comedy has been long remembered by those of us fortunate enough to have heard him.  This album is the one we had, alas! long gone, yet I still enjoy bursting out in "good Queen Victoria" fashion about Disraeli, Harvey and Shelia's acronistic life and their "pool filled with H2O", and you can't truly chortle "La Cucaracha" unless you've also heard Allan's "Mexican Hat Dance". "Weird Al" Yankovic must've taken a page from Allan Sherman's book, because this album is a true "bust yer gut laughing" experience, as well as a trip back along memory lane (or history for those under 40).SO glad I could find it again. Enjoy!
Do not make a stingy sandwich, pile the cold cuts high.  Customers should see salami coming through the rye!Oh I diet all day and I diet all night, it's enough to drive me bats.  Got no gravy and potatoes 'cause my whole refrigerator's full of polyunsaturated fats.  Fare thee well, Metrecal, and the others of that ilk.  Let the diet start tomorrow 'cause today I'll drown my sorrow in a double malted milk.Oh my grandfather's clock was the best ever made by the Timex Company.  Just like the clock John Cameron Swayze displayed last night on the old TV.  Oh it works underwater so perfectly and it still makes a ticking sound.  Which my grandfather tried only this afternoon and that's how the old man drowned.Long before Weird Al, there was Fat Al!We had just moved from NYC to the Jersey Shore in the early 1960s and stopped by the GEX in Bricktown.  My dad was a Federal employee so we were able to shop there.  He slightly resembled Allan Sherman and so he bought this album, along with Vaughn Meader's First Family.  My sister and I bought our first 45s that day, too,.  Hers was My Boyfriends Back and mine was The Ballad of the Green Berets.Eventually, my dad bought more of Allan Sherman's albums, but this first one I memorized by heart.  Soon as I download this, will listen to all the songs and I'm sure I can still recall all of it!
Another great cd by Mr. Sherman.  Highly recommend it for everyone.  Fun listening to these great classics.  Buy it everyone!!
With the release of My Son the Celebrity, Allan Sherman proved he was more than just a bright but quick flash in the pan. These were songs Allan wrote with Lou Busch's musical arrangements; and the result was an amazingly funny album that went gold fairly quickly. Allan Sherman once again enjoyed an excellent rapport with his audiences who loved the lyrics he made up to well known old folk songs, ballads in the public domain and other songs, too. In addition, the quality of the sound on these MP3 files available for download is excellent.These are all very humorous songs; but of course everyone will have their personal favorites to download and enjoy. I really like "Al 'N Yetta" which is followed by the excellent medley of "Barry Is the Baby's Name/Horowitz/Get on the Garden Freeway;" "Get On The Garden Freeway" really does sound just like those directions my parents would have to follow when traveling to visit relatives way, way before the GPS was invented!"The Let's All Call Up A.T.&T.; and  Protest to the President March" pokes fun at how the telephone company, then a monopoly, changed phone numbers from names of neighborhoods or other similar places with some numbers to simply using a string of numbers--and sometimes even longer numbers when people had to also dial the area code. "Harvey and Sheila," a takeoff on "Hava Nagila," turns out to be about Jewish people climbing the socioeconomic ladder in the United States; and one of my personal favorites, "Won't You Come Home, Disraeli?" is a outstanding parody of "Won't You Come Home, Bill Bailey?""No One's Perfect" makes fun of choral groups which were popular at that time; and "When I Was a Lad" has quite a punch line at the very end of the song! "Me" is very funny and Allan Sherman does a great job on the final medley entitled "Shticks of One and Half a Dozen of the Other."These songs as MP3 files are good for anyone who just wants a few of the songs from Allan Sherman's album "My Son the Celebrity;" and these songs are also very humorous for anyone who appreciates Jewish humor in general. Allan Sherman's parodies of songs remain truly timeless; they are still being released on CD to this day! These are also terrific songs for anyone just discovering the incredible talent and wit of the incomparable Allan Sherman.
I have loved Allan Sherman since I found him at age 11 with Muddah, Faddah! His sense of humor hit me square on and I (and my wife) enjoy his recordings.
Allan in Wonderland is the funnest bit of humor I have heard in a long time.If anyone wants to laugh their heads off, this will do it. I bought this from Amazon.com
I recently downloaded this album, and although these bits are almost 20 years old, they still have me laughing out loud!  I'd recommend playing this while on a road trip with your buddies.
After Howard Stern et al. it's hard to imagine, but when I first heard the Jerky Boys I was in shock at how audacious and hilarious it was. Some of the bits don't stand up to the test of time but for the most part I was cracking up all over again at these guys.
What can you say other than Bob Marley is the funniest man on earth.  My wife and I end up with stomach's that hurt from laughing soo hard at his routine!
Very easy to listen to and enjoy.  Real feelings and true praise and joy.  All of Carolyn's music is great but this might be her forte.  Get it.
Go ahead, microinject some music and splice your message a new way.  Heard in developmental biology laboratories the world over, this disk offers something different.
I have seen him perform in person and love him!  He is quick witted and the listener must be as well to keep up with this master.
I really enjoy listening to this audio.  Soothing voice and calming effect on body and mind.  It continues to be a good experience each time that I listen to it.
This is  the whole book on mp3.  It is very nice, but it isn't Dr. Joseph Murphy reading it.  However, it is still very good, especially since the book, &#34;The Power Of Your Subconscious Mind&#34; is amazing!
I have passed around several copies of this book, and love this book. Nice that it is offered in audio!
Simply wonderful, truth be told, the book will help you release yourself from the shackles that hold you down, change your outlook to win, not lose, and help you redirect your energy and focus to succeed in your deepthest desires.  This book changed my life when I was a teen that needed clarity and hope, it can change yours too.Recommended 100%, to everyone - no one is an exception!HOWEVER... read the book or follow alone with the book if your decide to purchase the audiobook, because the narrator does butcher it.  First of all he reads too fast and fails to break up one paragraph from another, and secondly he fails to read the book properly, even saying words incorrectly.  Audiobook gets 1 star, book gets 5 stars.
This album contains blues guitar versions of popular christmas music. The guitar playing is fantastic as are the blues interpretations. His version of Silent Night is particularly good. After I downloaded it, I listened to it several times in a row  and also sent it to some friends.
i used these before the birth of my child and in my early labor. i found her voice really relaxing and she gave helpful instructions which i was able to remember and return to throughout my labor, when i wasn't using the mp3. it probably would have been even more helpful if i'd used consistently earlier in my pregnancy as well.
These tracks were so nice to relax me to sleep every night while pregnant. It really helped me visualize my unborn child. helped me become attached with him. I never found the songs or voice to be overpowering or annoying at all, like other hypnosis CD's. During my actual 23hour long natural labor, it didnt do much for helping the pain go away. But it absolutely helped me breathe through my contractions. I only pushed three times, the rest of the labor was breathing my baby through the birth canal, and I couldnt have done it without these relaxation techniques.
These meditations really helped me fall asleep at night and forget about anxieties related to child birth.  I had a home birth with my son December 2010 and the experience was great; however, I did have an emergency transfer to the hospital because of a PPH.  I have had anxieties this pregnancy because of the hemorrhage from last pregnancy.  My EDD is April 7, 2013 and I just downloaded this CD a few days ago and have listened to it every night since downloading it.  These two tracks have helped so much in such a short amount of time!Last night I had a hard time falling asleep.  I have been waking up at 4:30 in the morning throughout the last few months or so with anxiety.  Last night I decided to listen to the second track of this CD to see if it would help me fall asleep.  Not only was I able to fall back to sleep fairly quickly (usually it takes me an hour or two on my own), I had the most amazing dream of giving birth to a little boy.  The dream was so vivid, I remember holding my baby in my arms and feeling how soft and warm he was and I instantly felt a connection.  I've had a hard time connecting with my unborn child this pregnancy.  I woke up that morning with no anxieties over my birth because the thought of holding my newborn is just so over powering, it really helped me look past any fear.
I got this because I had been struggling with some anxious thoughts about the pregnancy & labor and delivery. I haven't had the baby yet, but I am so pleased with how it has helped so far. I have only positive thoughts about the birth of my baby and definitely feel much calmer throughout the day. I have also been sleeping better, since I listen to this in the evening. It isn't the only thing I'm using-- I'm actually doing the full hypnobabies program-- but it is a wonderful resource, especially for the price!! My husband likes it, too :)
I have not heard other hypnosis scripts so my perspective is limited, but I am an athlete and I use imagery a lot in my work. This album, particularly the second track was immensely helpful to remind me of my own capabilities, to help me visualize the process of my labor and delivery in a way that I was comfortable with, and to put my mind and body at ease so I could fully focus on allowing my body to do what it is supposed to do instead of controlling each moment. The music in the background was just enough to block out distraction without becoming the distraction (which can be common in other new age music I have listened to). Perhaps my expectations were low and I was wonderfully surprised by how enjoyable it was, but I will be buying her second album as well. And for those of you interested, her first track is a 15 minute relaxation exercise only, while her second track is focused on practicing visualizing yourself going through the labor and delivery process.
Having never given birth without this product, I can't really provide an accurate comparison, but I started listening to this and hypnosis for birth 2 about 4 mths before giving birth and I was truly relaxed and calm throughout the entire labor.  It still hurt, but I somehow didn't mind the pain so much and could focus on something else. I really hate hospitals, needles, anything like that, but instead of being freaked out the way I normally would I actually looked forward to the whole thing.  My husband said it &#34;brained-washed&#34; me but it really really worked. The nurses even said I was the best patient ever and everyone who knows me knows that is not normally true!  :)
This really helped me relax and prepare for the birth especially when I couldn't sleep at night.  My birth was really fast (about one hour start to finish) so I didn't have time to use it, but It was totally worth the $2 to use it in the month before doe relaxing. I loved the woman's voice and accent as well.
Great way to prepare for child birth staying relaxed and calm. Love the narrators Australian voice she is so soothing.
I used this one and her other one with 3 pregnant woman on the cover and loved it. Her voice is soothing with an Australian accent. Listened while I was pregnant and for the first stage of labor and had a successful vbac :)
I didn't end up using hypnobirthing techniques during my actual labor, but I still loved this CD. More than anything, it helped me relax and mentally prepare for childbirth in the weeks leading up to the big show.
Disclaimer: I haven't given birth yet so I will have to update this review when I do.  I'm just about to enter my second trimester as a first-time mom.Tracks Purchased: "Pregnancy Relaxation" from CD1 and "Empowering Yourself for the Birth Ahead - Going Within" from CD2, less than $1 eachThe female narrator, Gabrielle Targett, does have an Australian accent, but it's not the obnoxious "shrimp on the barbie" kind.  It's a soft, sort of cute accent.  For me personally, I like the fact that her voice is different from any that I'll hear in the hospital room, since her voice alone will trigger my hypnosis techniques.  Also, Miss Gabrielle speaks in a slow, soothing tone, which becomes a sort of hushed, respectful tone during the CD2 track when you're supposed to be in between contractions.  After only four days of practicing with her tracks, I have come to love her voice and associate it with peace.If you actually listen to what she is saying -- which is hard to do consciously if you are following along and doing the deep breathing, since you will be too deeply relaxed -- it sounds like a long list of positive affirmations.  In the track from CD1, she tells you what a strong woman you are, how the baby you're growing is special and unlike any other person already living, how the baby is soft and warm inside you, etc.  In the track from CD2, she tells you that your contractions are no more than waves of intensity (she never uses the word "pain"), how each contraction has a purpose, which is to help you bring your baby into the world, and how you should greet each contraction like a new friend -- because they are so helpful, and because when each one leaves, you'll never see that particular contraction ever again.  Although the "friend" idea might seem weird, I thought it made sense.I use these tracks each night before going to bed.  I just put them both on repeat and turn the volume on my laptop up loud enough to hear from the bed.  I try to do the correct breathing along with the tracks, but of course that doesn't continue once I fall asleep.  Also, obviously I don't sit in an armchair with my feet flat on the floor and my hands resting on my thighs as she suggests in the CD1 track -- because in real life, you're really not going to be in an armchair, are you?  Anyway, every time I fall asleep with these tracks, I dream of giving birth.  Each time, the birth is fear-free, normal, natural, and joyful.  I can clearly see the color of the baby and the texture of the umbilical cord, hear the baby cry, and smell baby's skin against my chest.  I never remember who was present in the hospital room during these dreams, who my doctor was, if my husband was able to make it, etc., probably because these things aren't essential to having a successful birth experience.  The mom is in charge, and she is all she needs to succeed (this is actually another one of Gabrielle's affirmations, paraphrased).  In my most recent dream, tonight, I gave birth before the nurse even came in to check on me.  That happened in real life to my husband's grandmother when she gave birth to my dear mother-in-law.  I was so calm and proud of myself!  In the dream I teased the nurse that I was going to tell on her.  I dressed the baby myself (in tonight's dream, baby was a girl), put my work uniform back on, and ate some trail mix in bed.  I acted so normal!Believe me, I completely understand that my birth experience will likely not resemble these dreams; HOWEVER, when I think about birth now, I am excited and happy, not anxious.  My mother's side of the family has a history of prophetic dreams, so I tell myself that my birth experience WILL be natural and joyful.  Why believe otherwise?  Why not be calm and visualize success?  I truly believe that these MP3 tracks are preparing me to be positive in the face of the stress of labor.  I have already seen great results, and I still have two more trimesters' worth of time to practice!Bottom line: if you can't afford Hypnobabies, spend a couple dollars to buy a few of Gabrielle's Hypnobirthing tracks.  I have no idea if Hypnobabies is better, since I won't be buying it.  I personally will look more into Hypnobirthing and into Gabrielle's other tracks.  This method works for me so far.
I listen to these two tracks plus the two on Hypnosis for Birth CD 2, and honestly, I fall asleep so quickly and so consistently that I don't even really know what she says in these tracks! I'm 36 weeks pregnant so sleep is precious to me, and I know I can zonk out with these tracks. I also like the woman's Aussie accent and find her voice to be soothing and relaxing. Am hoping this'll help me relax (and hopefully get some sleep) during labor.UPDATE (June 2013):I listened to these tracks during early labor. Contractions started at every 10 minutes or so and lasted from 1am to about 6am -- I can't say I actually slept through the contractions, but the hypnosis tracks did enable me to doze and relax in between contractions. I dilated at a good pace, and while I can't say whether/how much the tracks helped with that, I do know that being able to doze helped me stay calm and relatively relaxed, and conserved my energy.
My sister found this MP3 for her delivery and said that it was helpful for her.  I bought it a few months later and used it for the delivery of my 3rd child.  After walking the hospital halls for 2 hours the nurses wanted me to lay down so that they could have the fetal heart rate monitor on me for 20 minutes.  I was listening to this and literally laid on my side for the last 2 hours of my labor.  My husband and good friend that were in the room  thought that I had fallen asleep and that my labor had stalled because I was so relaxed and wouldn't even talk to them.  My son was born without a single push and luckily caught by an RN (the midwife was never called because no one knew how far I had progressed as I lay on my side listening to this MP3).  It was truly an amazing experience.
I downloaded this while I was pregnant and listed to it several times. It was very relaxing and helped me learn how to relax all the parts of my body. I did not use it during my labor but I did remember parts of the recording while in labor that relaxed me. It would be nice to play on headphones while laboring or over a speaker. Gabrielle's voice and accent are very soothing. Give this a go if you are trying to have a med free birth like I did! I bought this in conjunction with hypnosis for birth 2 and both were great.
I've done hypnosis before, both on CD and in person (one-on-one in an office with a certified hypnotherapist). It was...meh. But I'm preparing for a natural birth, and a month or so ago I realized that I was carrying around too much sense of panic for the natural path to work well for me, so for kicks I looked to see what I could find in Amazon.com's MP3 download section. I had very low expectations. 99 cents per track? A total of 4 bucks for 2 CDs' worth of hypnosis?The first three times I listened to CD 1, I was OUT like a light before I got more than 10 or 15 minutes into the second track. The next time, I was determined to hear what she was saying, so I propped my head on my hand in an uncomfortable manner so I couldn't fall asleep (or enter a trance or whatever). When the second track ended, I realized there was still a section of the second track that I hadn't consciously registered. Finally, on an evening in which my Restless Legs Syndrome was particularly bad, I made it through the whole of the two tracks without entering a deeply relaxed state, and I found out what section had been eluding me: the part about the transition to the second stage of labor and the delivery itself. Interestingly, this was the part that had once triggered my panic button most strongly, but as I listened to it that night, I experienced only a sense of deep longing for this sacred and wonderful time for my body and my baby. Panic was GONE! I looked closely at my assumptions about child birth and realized that I had undergone a fundamental shift from accepting the Hollywood highly medicalized emergency room OH-MY-GOD-SHE'S-GONNA-DIE belief system to believing in the capacity of my body to do what it was designed and meant to do. Sure, I'd been doing other reading, too. Sure, I'd been talking about this with various people. But the real work, I think, was happening during these nightly hypnosis sessions.Interestingly, in the past week, I've been waking up to turn off my CD player at exactly the time she prompts me to take a deep breath and, with the count from 1 to 5, return to wakefulness. It's truly weird to me. I must have 20 other hypnosis CDs on various other topics, but none of them ever did anything like this for me. I credit Gabrielle with the relaxed, panic-free attitude with which I face the imminent arrival of my first baby. Wish me luck with natural childbirth! May my 40 year-old body and little baby be able to keep up with the hopes and expectations of my birth plan! If mindset is any indication, everything should turn out splendidly!
This has been very helpful in relaxing. Really helps me to fall asleep. I enjoy this CD and the others.
I ordered CD 1 and 2.  I listened to this one the most during pregnancy.  I had a lot of trouble sleeping during the last of my third trimester.  I would wake up and be unable to turn my mind of to get back to sleep.  I couldn't believe how much this cheap download helped.  I would just listen to the short track before bed and would sometimes fall asleep while listening to it.  The breathing and meditation also helped me during labor.  I had a natural birth with no epidural or pain medication.  I listened to cd 2 during labor but this cd helped me prepare.  I will not kid you and say labor was painless but I was able to be pretty comfortable until I was dilated to around 8 or 9 cm.
I am  on my 3rd preg and had an epidural for my first 2 babies. It was a positive experience the first time, and not so much the 2nd time as it slowed down my labor. I have been reading up on hypnobirthing and listening to Ms Targett's various MP3's (this one and CD 2). They are so incredibly relaxing that I have been sleeping better and when I do wake up in the middle of the night, I am more relaxed. I am also left with with a more peaceful feeling for much of my days, which is a great thing for a mom of 2 young children! I am not sure if I will go epidural free this time, but I will try. If not, use these wonderful techniques to make sure I use an epidural later in the process. I am also considering reading Ms. Target's book of the same name. If you want to feel relaxed during pregnancy, especially if you already have a child/children, I highly recommend. I have not given birth yet, so I cannot speak for that experience, but I will try to follow-up after birth to give an update!Also, because this has been such a wonderful experience, I have been looking for a hypnosis relaxation mp3 for after I have my baby and this does not apply. So far I do not like the way the others are done, nor do I like their voice as much. I would really love if Ms. Targett could make a post pregnancy cd for moms. She really has such a nice, relaxing way about her.
This is a great great thing to add to your mental preparation for labor.  I haven't used it during labor yet, but it helps me relax NOW which is a definite bonus.
We bought this to use as a background for an "indoor campfire" at our church youth group. It has just the right mix of crickets, frogs, and a few other creatures. Nice to fall asleep to also.
Awesome Christmas instrumental music performed in the most amazing way.  It is now one of my new favorites along with Volume 1.
this album is truely amazing i love her :D my favorite song is knowing me knowing you on dancing queen.
If you are not familiar with the bardic tradition, this is a brilliant introduction. Davidsons beautiful speaking voice and accompanying harp will take you away to long ago, or perhaps last week. Honestly, I can think of no finer way to escape for an hour or two.
Pink Steel is the perfect combo of gay humor (like Big Gay Sketch Show, Lea Delaria's stand-up, making fun of the L Word) with ear-melting 80s glam  metal. Think Motley Crue combined with Lady Bunny, with a little bit of Spinal Tap mixed in. This is the hair band that owns up to the make-up!Perfect record for rock/metal fans who also like the Gay Pimp/Jonny McGovern.Gays Gone Wild
Gennaro (Tedesco) is the singer on this CD. Anthony Federov, American Idol season four finalist, was inspired by singer Gennaro (Tedesco) to start a singing career:(From &#8216;Anecdote: Anthony Federov,&#8217;- &#8220;Starry-Eyed&#8212;16 Stories that Steal the Spotlight,&#8221; edited by Ted Michael and Josh Pultz):&#34;&#8230;.One night I was out partying with my friends and I heard one of the singers, this guy called Gennaro (Tedesco). He had one of the most beautiful voices I&#8217;d ever heard&#8230;.. He sounded so incredible. I had a moment like, I want to sound like that, I want to do that, I want to work here. I remember just standing there and saying to myself, &#8220;I want to do that.&#8221;&#8230;.
My coworker and I wanted some beautiful Christmas music, so I bought this CD. Definitely exactly what we were looking for!
Some wonderful Christmas songs, sung with style and charisma.  This man has a powerful and beautiful voice.
Artfully constructed lyrics and funky hip hop beats perfectly melded together.A must-have CD for your nerdcore collection -- buy it now!
It is an adult album, but it has a different spin on the holidays.i love the music and tempo. Love it.
I'm disappointed that someone-Vasser fan or not-could give this album one star. The fact that he could demonstrates why performance artists get stereotyped and pinned into repeating the same role endlessly.I would agree that a couple of tracks are a bit weak, but that is true of many otherwise fine albums. And it's true that Vasser stays within the arrangements, rather than drift into personal displays of technical brilliance.  But one star for such great playing? I don't think so.The arrangements on Back Porch Swing are tight, balanced, flow when they should and sizzle when they need to. Vasser demonstrates a fluidity and technical virtuosity that could have made him a jazz legend, had he chosen to pursue that genre, although bluegrass would have been left much the poorer.I've rated this five stars to contradict the one star review. It is probably deserving of a four.
If you haven't heard of Iris and Rose, you are definitely missing out.  These girls are very funny and actually have good singing voices.  You may not want your children to listen, as these songs are very catchy and they might sing them at school.
All that I can say is that is MP3 helps you to get CLEAR on what you need to do.
Mary Mack gets laughs with stream of consciousness observational humor.  Her wacky songs enhance her humor, but are not the focus of her comedy.  She pokes gentle fun at people without being mean or crude.  Her act focuses mainly on self-deprecating observations of her own life and family, especially her mother.  While a tad edgier than a trip to Lake Wobegone, Mary Mack's CD is a delightful break from the many acts laden with foul language and sex jokes.  Mack covers topics from Crock-Pots to teaching at a Catholic school to family dinners.  She takes you on a trip through an ADHD stream of consciousness that somehow always manages to get back to the point with a punch line.  I bought this album after watching her on YouTube and developing a crush, and it was totally worth it!

So simple and peaceful. If you like to sit near your tree at night with only candles and tree lights illuminating the scene, this is the perfect background music. I really enjoy it.
"pale beneath the blue" was a great female alternative rock duo from the Cincinnati area from 2004 to 2007.  They long ago disappeared from public view.  But they've left behind one of the most important Christmas EP's ever recorded.  Every track is excellent, quirky and fun.  It is simply a "Must Own" addition to any Christmas playlist.  Since 2005, it's been a staple on WIZARD RADIO and on our other two Internet Radio stations, always getting rave reviews and multiple requests.I urge you to buy a copy of the complete EP, but if you only buy one track it needs to be "The Snow is Falling."
Allan Sherman "(born Allan Copelon; November 30, 1924 - November 20, 1973) was an American comedy writer and television producer who became famous as a song parodist in the early 1960s. His first album, `My Son, the Folk Singer,' (1962) became the fastest-selling record album up to that time. His biggest hit single was `Hello Muddah, Hello Fadduh,' a comic novelty in which a boy describes his summer camp experiences to the tune of Ponchielli's Dance of the Hours." (Wikipedia) These songs and one outtake give us a great albeit brief sampling of Allan Sherman's very funny work; and the quality of the sound is excellent."Harvey & Sheila," sung to the tune of "Hava Nagila," was one of Sherman's first novelty hits. The audience loved this number and I can easily remember my parents listening to this and chuckling every time they heard it even though they had heard it many times before! The music goes well with Allan's singing, which, by the way, wasn't very good but Allan used this for an even greater comedy effect. "Sarah Jackman" is absolutely hilarious; this Jewish themed song performed to the tune of "Fr&egrave;re Jacques" went over big and was one of Allan Sherman's greatest hits. "Hello Muddah, Hello Fadduh (A Letter from Camp)" was yet another successful number for Sherman. The track set ends with Allan Sherman performing a lesser known number that was released as a single entitled "My Son, the Vampire" (which is also on the third CD of the box set "My Son, the Box") and an outtake of "Christmas '65 (Draft Cards)" that I first heard on the fifth CD of "My Son, the Box."Allan Sherman fans will probably have most if not all of these tracks already, so I think this is best geared toward casual fans or people just discovering Allan Sherman's very clever humor. I recommend these songs and others by Allan Sherman.
Wonderful nostalgic radio shows and some with commercials from the era, wonderful. I like the suspense! You must get the album.
This is so much fun to listen to.  Brings back warm childhood memories.  Very pleased with shows & sound quality.  Good buy for anyone that remembers radio days.
I thought i was ordering a CD and eventually I did.  I do not want or need to have a download as i already have the CD.  I was ordering another CD for my daughter and made a mistake.  Tried to cancel but could not figure out how to do that.As far as the CD is concerned, it is great and I have enjoyed mine for several years.
Helpful vocal exercises, a little different than the ones I already have, so that's nice.You can also tryVoice Lessons To Go V.3- Pure Vowels
I have never been to a yoga class. I have pretty much only seen the crunch yoga DVDs with Sara Ivanhoe. I was looking for an audio track that would just talk me through it so that I didn't need a DVD player to practice. This is perfect. I didn't know the sanskrit names for the poses but i kind of figured it out. She gives a very detailed description of how your limbs are supposed to be arranged and then usually says both names when she introduces a pose. So in the beginning when we first did Cobra pose she talks you through curling up and she called it Cobra pose and Bhujangasana. By the end she's just calling it Bhujangasana but most poses she introduces with both names. I suppose if I keep listening to it I'll learn the sanskrit names so that is good.The poses are pretty basic. I've really only seen one yoga video but I was still familiar with most of them. There's downward dog, plank, tree, warrior 1 and 2, triangle, chair and I think some other lunge type poses. Staff and fish pose were new to me but she was pretty straightforward in her explanation. Then there was a seated twisting pose that was new to me and I don't think she said the english name so I had to look it up. I think it's half lord of the fishes pose on [...]. It's like a stretch we did in track where you put one foot over the other leg and twist but in this one you curl the straight leg in. She goes through the explanation kind of fast on that one.She only mentions any particular manner of breathing once in the beginning. Ocean breathing i think she called it. I don't know what that is so i just breathed regular full deep breaths through my nose like Sara taught me.I originally just bought the long track but then I didn't have how you're supposed to start out (lying on the floor I think) and also the final relaxation pose. I was being cheap so I bought the other five minutes and now for three bucks I have a perfect yoga class whenever or wherever I want.
I bought this because I wanted to start doing more yoga at home rather than having to wait for the next class.  I am very new to yoga, but am enjoying it immensely.  This audio yoga practice is very well done.  It is gentle and there was nothing that I couldn't do.  It was mostly sun salutation sequences which was fine.  The speaker was clear and her descriptions were excellent. I liked that she used both the English and Sanskrit terms for the poses.  The speed wasn't too fast but it also wasn't too slow.  I had enough time to gently move into poses and hold them before moving along.  I wasn't rushed or bored but moved with purpose.  I definitely feel stretched and awake.  This may not be enough for advanced students as there are no complex poses, but I think it's great for just wanting to keep moving.  The music is more or less standard flute type music and isn't annoying.  All in all, I think that this is great for my yoga practice when I want to be a bit gentler to my body.  For the price, this is a complete steal.  Buy it, I don't think you can go wrong with it.  One other thing I liked about this is that it wasn't new age or yoga for fitness.  It was simply a down to earth yoga class that was straight forward and a joy to do.  Enjoy!
I just finished following this Vinyasa practice and it's really quite good. I'm especially pleased with the time taken for stretching and twists at the end. If you know Sun Salutation A, Warrior 1, Warrior 2, and Triangle Pose, you'll have no trouble with this Vinyasa practice. It's easy to follow and the instructor gives easy to understand cues.
I have done yoga for several years, and I am familiar with the more common poses, so I wanted an audio I could just listen to so I could practice at home. This one is PERFECT. The narration has enough reminders in it to help me be sure my form is good, and the practice is challenging enough. I do pause it between the balance pose and floor work to add in poses that I like to do, then I pick it back up. I love that I can just start up my ipod and go, and I'm done in 45 minutes. I don't have to drive to the gym and back. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone unfamiliar with yoga, but for someone who knows what they're doing, it's like having an instructor in your ears at home.
Brings back the ol' days. Who is on each instrument? By the way, Avery should be on this album Jason! Miss you Mike.
I absolutely love this cd, really, her voice, the music and specially the message. Affirmations are wonderful and do give you a lot of confidence when preparing yourself for a natural birth. I listened to it for months several times a day and never got tired of it, actually I kind of ended up &#34;needing&#34; it to sleep pleasantly on the last weeks. I think I will miss it know lol
I've been listening to this and Hypnosis for Birth 1 at night and I fall asleep quickly and sleep well.  That's a pretty big accomplishment when you are 32 weeks pregnant.  It was definitely worth the 99cent download
I used this only about 4-5 times while in my third trimester, but the visualization helped me quite a bit in the last hour of a very difficult natural delivery.  And she has a great voice.  I highly recommend.
I downloaded this while I was pregnant and listed to it several times. It was very relaxing and helped me learn how to relax all the parts of my body. I did not use it during my labor but I did remember parts of the recording while in labor that relaxed me. It would be nice to play on headphones while laboring or over a speaker. Gabrielle's voice is very soothing. Give it a try if you are trying to have a med free birth like me!
I've got some time before the next one, but I'm definitely feeling more relaxed than last time.  Listening to this has been great.
I bought hypnosis for birth 1 and 2.  I listened to cd 1 the most because it was geared for birth preparation.  It also helped me sleep.  I used CD 2 during labor.  It was very helpful.  I had my son naturally with no epidural or pain medication.  I didn't have a lot of pain until I was dilated around 9 cm.  At that point, I threw off the headphones and lost concentration.  I should have practiced more.  I think my labor could have been better but they called the Doctor too late and wouldn't let me push until he was there.  This download is definitely worth buying.
This has come to be one of my favorite CD's as I prepare for birth. She keeps it simple. Relaxing.
to know that this album is self produced in the lab of a man who was still relatively unknown at the time brings up mad props for this reviewer. I'm glad this album is out for all to see so that true ME fans can trace the roots. and the roots go mad deep... with his underwater flow. props.
A friend gave us a copy on cassette tape when our son was a toddler 30+ years ago. Now his sons are enjoying it on CD! Fun, clean humor that everyone will enjoy! Bless you, David Holt!
Pinette is hilariously on pointe, sharing his experiences as Edna Turnblad in Hairspray on Broadway, traveling to France and craving Italian food so close to the Mother Land, and the funny inner voices of discontent at rudeness, inertia, and the joys of our technological age. Pinette is worth multiple listens!
John Pinette is hilarious.  We have seen him on TV and listened to him on CD's and always loved his work.  I laughed so hard I had tears.
I wish his other special I'm not Fat I'm Fluffy was available on Amazon for download. Not a fan of the istore or apple products period
I would recommend this to everyone! Fluffy is awesome!! Buy this if you love to laugh. Gabe is the best.
What a refreshing surprise it was to come across this comedian! I had never heard of him, and I am glad I do now. I didn't know what to expect, but this CD didn't disappoint! I was laughing from start to finish. I appreciate the fact that his comedy is clean and funny, he doesn't have to cuss in his jokes. Check this out! You wont be disappointed.
Every single track will make you laugh to abdominal soreness or sheer delight.  Iglesias's vocal range and soundboard is beyond compare.  You feel almost like you're right there as he recounts stories of road trips with friends, theme park tourism, and images of secret weaponry of the US military.  His philosophical points hit the nail on the head.  So you're thinking, and saying "ditto" in between laughs.  Bottom line: buy this album because you won't regret.  Also, you should then check out Pete Holmes and Anjelah Johnson.
This is hilarious! I've listened to this album more than five times and it is as funny as when I heard it the first time. This album is pretty clean, so your kids would love it.
Finding myself at the computer with my entire body aching from laughing at this comedian is all my brother's fault. This Mexican-American comic does accents, his own sound-effects, and has such a weird way of explaining things (that I actually understand what he means). Gabe Iglesias manages to tell some outrageous stories, but he doesn't drop any unfortunate words in the process. How awesome is that?Album Highlights:* Five Levels of Fatness: Gabe is a "big" boy, and he isn't afraid to use this in his act.* Crocodile Hunter: Can you even imagine a Latino doing an impression of a dude from Australia? Wait for the punchline!* Cop Jokes: If only half of them are true, he has more luck than...* Roadtrip: Gabe gets pulled over speeding. This is the long involved story that will have you screaming, "No, no, no!"You have to be here because you enjoy humor. Try these additional recommendations for other funny MP3s.Christmas CheersRedneck 12 Days Of Christmas/Here's Your Sign Christmas
Rare comedian crossing two cultures at once.  He states it best as an English comedian who happens to be Latino, but he is an American above all.
What's not to like about Gabriel Iglesias? Captain Fluffy knows how to hit your funny bone and keep it rolling. Never a disappointment.
I first saw Gabriel Iglesias, "Hot & Fluffy" on the Netflix and thought, "Oh no, another bad comedian."  BOY WAS I WRONG!!!!  Gabriel Iglesias is hysterical!!!  He does voices, sound effects, and talks about being a Mexican-American in a non-threatening universal fashion that people of all ethnicities can appreciate.  He goes for the universal appeal.  I laughed myself silly, almost peed my pants a couple of times.  I liked the video special so much that I bought the album to laugh with in the car too.Rush out and at least watch his special or listen to this CD to appreciate a truly funny comedian!!
This is probably my favorite Dane Cook Stand Up Special ever. it's really funny. There is one part where he insults of the audience, but overall it is a great show.
Eddie Izzard is a comic genius and his delivery is outstanding.  He makes you think while you are laughing your head off.  The man is genius - and you should reward yourself with his works.  And try not to get covered in bees, okay?