should be described as various terrible, not original artist. this was the worst so called music i have listened to in 56 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I grew up listening to &#34;Oldies&#34;.  Of course they weren't called &#34;Oldies&#34; then, they were modern music.  So I expected the Oldies to sound like they did when they were first created.  Boy was I surprised.  All they are is heavy rock music with the lyrics of the Oldies.  If you like modern rock music then you might like these versions of the Oldies.  But if you're expecting the songs to sound like the originals, you'll be disappointed.
I'm reviewing this from a "Legacy Entertainment" CD pressing of the same thing.  I got it free somewhere and I'm glad it was free.It's terrible.  The accompaniments are by synthesizer and fake piano, both played stiffly (probably only a MIDI file...); they bring in a fake seagull sound effect just before one song's lyric mentions the sea.  The singers are stuck in a click-track strictness, and their vocal delivery conveys zero meaning or emotion.  They can't even hit some of the lowest notes of the melodies.If the phrase "Gregorian Chant" meant to somebody that all one need do is slow down the music and put a fake blur on the vocal acoustic, while the accompaniment remains painfully clear (and why should there being any instrumentals at all?), that would explain this travesty.If you have to have pop songs redone as pseudo-chant, and have them done well, seek out "Chantmania" by The Benzedrine Monks Of Santo Domonica.  At least there's no accompaniment in that one, plus those guys can sing.  Their album was obviously done with a sense of humor, making light of the "Chant" album fad at the time.  This new Elton John mess, by contrast, sounds deadly serious and seriously deadly.
As performed by "The Illuminati" or "The New World Order"?Nice wig - talk about circus acts.  This man is toxic.  He looks like a clone of Andy Warhol 10 years after death, combined with Liberace's father (if his father dressed like a mummy in full drag).  And yet, he continues to dump (and dump, and dump) his ugliness upon Madonna.  It's like a war between evil (Elton) and good (Madonna - who is spreading the words of hope, tolerance, meditation, and good thoughts for 2012 - in a world that appears to be in the tribulation).Once upon a time - in 1970 and beyond - my friend's and I eagerly awaited each new Elton single / album.  And Bernie's lyrics - wow!  Now, how could that combo, turn into the Elton John of 2012.  People are using his screwed up facial expressions as screen savers!  And the hurt and poison he spews into the ether - no wonder the ice caps are melting.I'm in the process of gathering up my Japanese boxed releases of Elton John, and any miscellaneous CD's (from decades past) of his that have accumulated in my home.  Ebay sale.  I can't bear to have his poison karma in my home - I might even need a priest to bless my home and family after it's cleansed of "Elton".
This is not Gregorian Chant. This should be called Dentist Office Tribute To Elton John.Chant is acapella. I can't even give it a star. Only a hurl.
Not the more upbeat version I was looking to add to the Throwback Road Music playlist.  My own fault.  I should have been in less of a rush.
poor quality for sound. can hear scratchy sounds. also skips in places. vrry dissapointed in this cd. i think it was used.
Something seems wrong here. This cd does not have Al Jarreau singing on it. Seems amazon goofed. This is not Al Jarreau.
Ok, so I'll admit that I bought this cd after hearing only one song (the decemberists cover of fleetwood mac, track 1).  I thought that was pretty good and figured, how bad can it be?  Now I wish I had only bought that song, it would have saved me the money and there are a number of songs on this cd that were so bad that I may actually delete them from my computer.  Of special note is the remake of "sister christian" - I have heard bad karaoke of this song that sounded better.  Seriously, if you can't hit the notes pick a different song!  My recommendation is to save your money, while a few of the songs on this cd are good, the originals in every case are better.
Is this a joke? A Gregorian chant of ABBA? Why?? It sounds like it's one guy singing with a bunch of sound effects. Look for the real stuff people!! What will they think of next?
Contrary to the deceiving photo shown, this is NOT the most successful lineup of Fleetwood Mac with Lindsey and Stevie. I am not a fan of Fleetwood Mac's pre-Stevie/Lindsey lineup, so because I am not a blues fan I can't comment/review the actual music. Others are definitely fans of the previous lineup, so are more qualified to offer the purist's review. I'm not knocking the album at all (hey, I love a few of the songs from this era that made it to the new lineup, albeit redone by Lindsey), but others have dissed the error elsewhere on Amazon (there is more than one listing for this album.) I hope Amazon will fix the picture and provide an appropriate description.
Why not get the real thing? Steve Bell can sing, but no one can do Cockburn's songs like the man himself can. If you like what you hear from these samples, buy Bruce Cockburn's album(s) with the original songs instead. These covers aren't very good either. At least the Barenaked Ladies got creative with "Lovers in a Dangerous Time." Steve Bell does a poor job of arranging and his high voice doesn't go well with the jaded sound of Cockburn's music.
This is a compilation album, with artists from Vienna.The Mum track in this album, does not belong to the experimental electronic ambient group from Iceland, but instead it belongs to a different group from Vienna also called Mum (without the accent on the U).This second group, focuses on trip hop, electronica and more dance rhythms. And they only have one album (as opposed to the Mum from Iceland). Beware, the cover of that album shows a picture of two heads together behind a mans belly and a light blue background.So despite of where the link in the name of the group may lead you, it does not match with the factual origin of the music.Hope this helps.
The track "Higher" has a chord progression in the intro that was clearly stolen from Showbread's 2004 debut "No Sir, Nihilism Is Not Practical" the track is called "Mouth Like A Magazine"No Sir, Nihilism Is Not PracticalI just don't really have respect for bands that have to take other peoples work to create something.
Unable to download, Wanted additional funds, I though I pay for the whole set.  No refunds, unable to play music.
Nowhere on the description did it mention that this is not the original recording.  Small amount to pay, but it's the principle.  Don't buy this if you're looking for the original recording.
Don't get stung like I did.  This is NOT the singles you've heard on the radio.  I don't know if it's re-recorded or what, but they all sound like bad cover versions of the songs I've heard since I was a kid.
I absolutely adore Lullatone and this album is wonderful.  However, the mp3 version is un-listenable due to file corruption.  I pointed this out to Amazon MP3 a few months ago and they refunded my money for the downloads and said to check in a few days, but the mp3s are still corrupted 3 months later.  Just check the preview of track 6 (Morning Coffee) to see what I mean.Amazon has since failed to respond to my further requests to have the mp3's re-ripped.  And I don't buy physical media anymore...
Egad!  These guys are like STYX with twice the speed, twice the attitude, half the talent, and even less songwriting ability.  Put the power chords to bed boys, slow down, and learn some riiffs!  Some of the thinnest syrup I've ever tasted...
Like an idiot, I downloaded the entire 4 tracks without checking the samples.  Track #1 plays perfectly, but tracks 2, 3, and 4 are corrupt - nothing but static or dead space.  Shame on Amazon for not checking the quality of the mp3s first (and shame on me for being stupid enough to download them in the first place).
Disappointing! The Album Cover, title and song titles imply dance music. Wrong! This is a piano recital of well-known dancable music pieces. No orchastra, no rhythm track, just unobtrusive key tickling.I can think of two good uses for this album so not all is lost.1. Put it on while in bed reading a boring novel. The combination should quickly bring zzzz's.2. It might be usuful as quiet mood music in the background of a romantic candlelit dinner when you want to focus on pleasant conversation.Forget dancing to it.
This is awful, and I really wish that I could return it. I would never have paid 8 bucks for this garbage if I had known that it wasn't the original recording...do not buy if you want the original music! This sounds like some bad karaoke rendering.
If you clicked on the "buy mp3" link then you were robbed as this is a collection of 12 "covers" done by no-name studio musicians.  And, the tracks are not the same as the CD that is listed it is an entirely different CD.
I downloaded these songs and the song titles did not even match the songs. The childrens songs were cute but the adult voices which joined in ruined the few decent songs on the album. Definately not an album you would listen to more than once and some songs you will skip over within the first verse!
This is all recordings from tribute groups.  None of the song are original artists.  Quality is greatly disappointing.  Don't waste your money.
This is not Mike Oldfield, but rather THE ROYAL NOTES album "Impressions Of Mike Oldfield" released on the Music Trends label in the early '70s. In short this was a cover version of the entire album reelased in the hopes of cashing in on the attention the real album was getting at the time.
Not good.  Wannabe singers singing knockoffs.  I thought it was the original artists.  This was not a good purchase.  Bad.
This is nothing more than a list of great titles with the poorest of rerecordings.  It isn't worth $0.78, much less ten times that.  What a shame.  Many of these titles will go forgotten, or worse, remembered from these pitiful performances.
I was not happy with this recording because it did not sound like Jacob do Bandolim. The art-work was also disappointing.
Sorry to disappoint you, but NO ONE "sounds like" Diana Ross...no way, no how! Her distinctive, instantly recognizable voice can not be duplicated...her voice, along with her drive, her talent, her ambition and her style is what made her the superstar that she still is today. However, the thought and idea of a "sound alike" is a nice try...but it doesn't work for me.  If you want Diana Ross there is plenty of REAL Diana Ross music available, why would anyone try to duplicate her sound? Silly, if you ask me.
I downloaded these tracks expecting the standard 256 bit rate that Amazon products normally have.  These turned out to be completely unacceptable.  DO NOT DOWNLOAD.  They are VBR MP3s at the low quality bit rate of about 79 - 80.  What does this mean to an average listener?  Imagine listening to the tracks on a mono, hand-held transistor radio from 1970.  Also the scan of the album is blurry.  Not worth the price of admission.
These are terribly encoded 71kbps files. Do not buy unless you like listening to music that sounds like its on a 1950s radio.
I know what you're thinking. &#34;It's 8-bit retro music, what does the bit rate matter then?&#34; at least that's what I was thinking. The problem comes in that the music at times does contain some ambient and regular instrumental tunes and it does sound like garbage. Very poor quality of sound, but the music is good. Just wish I had a better bit rate copy to properly enjoy it.
I'm certain this is good, except I've never heard it.  It doesn't seem to have downloaded onto my new Mac.  For $4, it's not worth figuring out waht went wrong.
This Mp3 download is being perpetuated under Nick Lowe's billing. There is no connection to Nick Lowe with any of this band's output. The reviews that are posted on here have nothing to do with this album. You will find the same reviews under the product that these reviews refer to. If you think you are downloading Nick Lowe's album "Nick Lowe & His Cowboy Outfit", you are not. This is some band named the Outfit unrelated to Nick Lowe.
A fair try. Sound alike? Not even close. Decent singers but not for this. Don't waste your money.
Listening to the samples on the page for "Pop Masters: Tony Orlando & Dawn", it is apparent to me that Tony and the group have gone back and re-recorded their old hits.  The vocals aren't nearly as strong as on the original recordings.  They try hard to reproduce the feel of the originals, even the musicians try to do the musical backings justice, but ultimately, you'll feel cheated if you buy this, rather than any of the real albums out there.As if that's not bad enough, after listening to the samples for Volume 2, some of the original vocals have been retained, but have new musical backing on them.  They're close, but just don't sound like they're supposed to.Do yourself a favor - the original recordings are out there, they're the one put out by Rhino, Sony/BMG, Collectibles, and R2/Respond.  Buy only the originals, and bypass this totally heinous attempt to cheat you.
I downloaded the Tony Orlando & Dawn track "Cupid" for radio play on Valentine'sDay, and when I went to listen to it for timing purposes, discovered (after about two seconds of listening) it was a re-recorded version, and a mediocre one at that.  My fault for being so trustworthy that I didn't bother to check out the 30-second sound sample before buying.  Why does Amazon sell RE-RECORDINGS?! There must be SOMEONE who checks these things and can tell the difference!
Give this one a pass. The sound is terrible, the girls can't sing, the "humor" is weak, and the songs fall flat. If attitude alone were enough, they might get two stars.
In order to add insult to injury, this second volume of supposed "Pop Masters" does seem to feature the original vocals, but the backing music has either been remixed or replaced with new backing, so that the songs don't sound like the original recordings.Most or all of the Tony Orlando & Dawn canon has been issued, album by album, as available downloads.  If you want the original songs, look for the MP3 versions of those albums and, Lo and behold, you'll find the original songs.There is no excuse for complaining about downloading the wrong thing when I've provided warnings on both volumes of these heinous remakes.
Contrary to popular belief, this is NOT in karaoke format. This is the sound track only, and Amazon should delete the word "karaoke".
The music was filmed live over 5 years ago, and out of the 28 songs, I have interest in buying 2. However, Image Entertainment expects us to spend the overpriced amount on a full dated album, therefore, it is currently Amazon Bestsellers Rank: #138,220.  If we were able to buy just the songs we care about, then they would have sales.  Imagine all the people that skipped this album due to this moronic marketing failure. Wake up!
Just listened to the two Foxy tracks (Get Off and Hot Number) - they are not the original versions - beware!
Well, I bought the single MP3 track "Dark Star" as a goof for my friends and myself, "recovering" Deadheads all.I listened to the preview snippet and thought I could spend $.99 for a trip-hop-y chuckle. The full track is not identifiable in any way to Dark Star, no melody or lyrics in common with the original, so any novelty value my purchase would have had is missing! Oops! Caveat Emptor, indeed.
Wow thank you christian nazi conservatives for wasting my money. Love the fact that i finally find "neo the one" by slyder and you have to blast sum prick preaching.  Christianity has once again ruined something in my life. WASTE OF MONEY!!!
Listen again - this sure ain't Fred Buscaglione! The record in question actually has some fun pop jazz on it, not raga singing!
If you preview these, you'll realize that these are NOT the songs you thought they were.  Most sound rerecorded, and some sound remixed.  Buyer Beware!
I made the mistake of downloading Windy by "The Association".  It was definitely not the original recording, and it sounded like a bad imitation of the original artists.  It's very misleading that the artist is listed as "The Association", and I would guess that most of the songs on this CD are also not by the original artists.
What a ripoff. Thankfully I read the previous two reviews, & then sampled every cut to double check: some are the original version, some sound like the orignal artist re-doing a hit, but most just sound like some cover band. I had the "new versions" thing happen a few years back on a CD:British Invasionand I was so mad I found the seller's phone number & called them. They said to keep it, & issued a refund.
The songs I listened to on this collection appear to be later recordings by the original artists. I wouldn't recommend it if you are fans of the originals.
My girlfriend left this at my house and said, "Here, you might like this."  Found it tonight while I was cleaning, threw it in and my mouth has been hanging open ever since.  It's just... bad.  There's no other way to describe it.  I'm old... grew up on Black Flag, DK's, Circle Jerks, Misfits and the like.  I also dig Snoop, Cyrpus Hill, The Distillers, Queenadreena... a wide variety of things beyond the scope of this review.  Basically anything but new country and opera has its high points.But this.My god.  Lyrics are almost cool in places but if they hit on a catchy or cool phrase, they repeat it about 100 times.  This isn't song writing.  This is crap.  Repetitive. Boring.  Crap.  "I'm not done misbehave'n" constitues about 70% of the lyrics on the entire album it seems like.The lead vocals are horrible.  I like good screaming... hell, you don't even have to sing to impress me.  But this is just annoying.Tunes are almost catchy but the words are so insipid as to be offensively boring to even the most inexperienced high school punker.  Do yourself a favor... listen to the samples realllllly close before you buy this one.  Then pass and go buy the Misfits Earth A.D. or The Distillers Coral Fang or Peaches or QueenAdreena or... maybe a circular saw from the tool department.  Any of these will sound better.I'm on the bonus track now... I'm not sure whether to sell this disc or put it in my skeet thrower.
IF you are like me and bought the first Speak no evil and loved it, then I wouldn't advise getting this. I just listened to the samples and they sound horrible, Rap rocking and electronics thrown in, what happened to the band that sounded like Alice in Chains or Soundgarden I don't know but this ain't them do yourself a favor skip this and get "No Pleasantries" By "UPO"
Hello, as I sit here opening my actual cd of the millenium archives- I looked at the song list for this MP3 download.  It is WhiteHeart's first cd.  The Millennium Archives CD is totally different.  It contains 8 great songs like the WhiteHeart we all love from years ago.  Search out the real version of this cd, but don't download the Amazon version unless you just want WhiteHeart's debut cd.
This is NOT White Heart Milennium Archives.  This is White Heart's first CD repackaged AS Milennium Archives
O.K.  So I didn't buy the entire album. just the song LEAD ME ON by maxine nightingale.  A GREAT song, and a permanent nostagia-inducing trigger for the 70s-80s.  But this version is a cheap, sucky version, done in some third-world sweat shop with one of those cheap electronic keyboards (FROM THE EIGHTIES?!?!) that you play on your lap.  And lyrics sung by someone standing as FAR away from the mike as possible, so if you didn't have the feeling of this song's power, and had a mere passing whisp (wisp?) of familiarness, you might think this is the original.O.K., I may be wrong.  Perhaps this is a more recent version of this song. BUT I DOUBT IT.AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS (at least, this song).  You Have Been Warned.&#34;Lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch'intrate&#34; (Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.) - Dante Alighieri
Sounds like I sat down and decided to mix music one weekend.  awfulUnprofessional sound, boring mix, grating tones, absurd lyrics
NOT THE ORIGINAL ARTISTS.Amazon should start putting a note at the top of these albums that states that clearly.Chalk one up to my naiivety(sp?)
As a man who partied his teenage years in the 80's, I've got to tell you, if I had ever played this CD while cruising River Street in my 83 Camaro, I would have gotten some shocked looks.  This album is all remixes and, good gracious, these remixes suck!!  What in hell were the producers thinking?  Obviously the producers of this album weren't around in the 80's.  This album doesn't capture anything about the era.  Someone screwed the pooch on this one.  Don't waste your money.
I purchased this to use on a DVD video that I was making for a friend.  It could be listened to, but not used for the purpose that I had purchased it.  I was very disappointed.  It would be nice if they could state when it could not be copied to a DVD.  I also wish Amazon had a review feature where you could hear part of the music before purchasing.
I have used several guided meditation recordings over the years.  The relaxation they provide is wonderful.  However, this is the first one I would classify as sinister.  The narration is intrusive and creepy.  I couldn't wait to remove it from my computer and MP3 player.
I  bought the download Antonio Vivaldi: Guitar Concerto in D major Largo - solo classic off this album.  Unfortunately, it is only a partial song.
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE REMAKE!Stick with the original.One star only because I couldn't leave it blank and post this review.
I am a huge Lavin fan, but after hearing this album, I found myself extremely disappointed - in fact, extremely annoyed.  First, she seems SO intent on being a comedienne that the music suffers (and as mentioned elsewhere, much of the jokey schlock is lost without the visuals anyway).  Second, I could also really live without the self-righteous, idiotic and even somewhat ironic "conservatives are evil" political spittle (PS I am generally moderate, so don't pull a Lavin by assuming I'm the type she sings of - and the type she is ironically much closer to being, ie a close-minded extremist).I just wish I could have been her manager before she did this concert to say OK, you're ultra-liberal, think conservatives are all Archie Bunkers/the Devil, and yes you're SO funny, so clever, ha ha - we GET it already.  Now would you mind getting back to the the soft, touching, poignant stuff that so many of your fans love you best for?  Yknow, the stuff that (God forbid!) is absent of tedious political BS and tiresome yuk yuks?  I can't believe how many of her best songs never made it to a live CD while such garbage did.  gag.  oops, I mean tee hee, giggle.
If you're looking for a crappy version of these songs, you've found the perfect CD.
I bought this CD to use as background music for a slide show of my kids soccer teams.  I ended up not liking versions of some songs and found others innapropriate for young kids.  The music is suited for 13 and up.
grrr...this is not a compilation of the original theme songs, but re-recordings of other people performing them.$7 wasted.
Cheap lithargic knock offs. Every one sounds too slow. Who makes these albums? Where is the profit in remakes of TV themes?
this is not the late great ANTHONY TILLMAN WILLIAMS please clarify this in your coverage---new music from Tony from the many recordings in the vaults, is still exciting to know ,don't dissapoint us, be more specific with this treasured Name.
With the great talent Mr.Armstrong has,you think he would've applied it here,too.I was deeply disappointed in this CD-it's bland and the songs seem to be rushed through.Another major gripe is the extra syllables added to &quot;Chim-Chim Cheree&quot; and &quot;Zip-a-de-doo-dah&quot;-it made it very difficult to understand or enjoy the song.Mr.Armstrong-it seems that you left your talent elsewhere while making this CD.If you want great stuff by Louis Armstrong,then you're better off with his other CDs.If you want a great Disney CD,then look elsewhere.
What the heck is this?  This isn't the Noel CD!!!  This is some New Age music.  What happened to the prince of freestyle?I though that this was the Noel CD from the '80s. but when I clicked on the link it shows me this crap!  What gives?Either put the Noel CD up for download or change the link!
I'm still waiting to receive it.  I had it long ago and loved it.Please check to see IF it has been sent.
I can't even be kind on this review.  with the exception of "only you" and "Whatever Lola Wants" quite franklyLola wants never to  have bought this pathetic CD.  To say it is boring (there must be a better word than boring)but at the moment I can't come up with one.  There is so little orchestra music out there that is worth listening too anymore and Pourcel is one of the better ones.  However, this CD misses the mark in every selection in every direction.  To say that it's elevator music would cause the person in the elevator to go to sleep and forget to get off.  This is my last effort with Franck Pourcel, I think I've had quite enough of his sleepy time music.
A friend of mine handed me is album. After listening to a few tracks. all i could think is why god why.
I didn't bother to click the preview buttons because I love this album, but try it and you will see what I mean.  You will only receive about 1/3 of the album, broken up essentially randomly (although in order).  The other reviewer must not have played it back before giving this 5 stars.  I can't find any way to complain or get a refund or even a credit towards the cd version.
The release date says 2005/2007 when in reality it came out in 1993. This is a completely different band from Day One of Ordinary Man and Probably Art albums. This needs to be more defined and separated even if the band names are the same. Apparently one of them doesn't exist anymore. You can't even look it up. No one even knows who this band really is. You would figure googling it would work. It doesn't. Luckily this was only 9 bucks but not happy.
I am Cami; I wrote and own 100% of the rights to Not The End and whomever made this never got my permission or consent; I am sick of SO many doing this to my songs, images, words, etc. when they are copyrighted officially AND with ASCAP; and I have lawyers so you're caught, give up.
The sound of these songs are great but there is one major problem - there are NO lyrics on the mp3s - which means it's virtually useless unless you know every single word by heart.  Very disappointed.
Useless, generic noise. The record label says 'No Thanks'. And that's exactly what you think when you hear the music. &#34;No Thanks, I'll pass....&#34;
The sample clip of this recording seemed short to me.  I quickly figured out why when I purchase it, as it contained the only moments in this recording that are close to tolerable.  This sounds like utter crap.  It is synthetic garbage.  If you're looking for Karaoke or a backtrack for any reason, look elsewhere than this recording.  Yes, it is less than $1, but don't waste your time and your money!
When I clicked on the song Someone To Watch Over Me,  I got Release me. Watch what you purchase it.
I bought the title cut only. It IS NOT the original! I would suggest not buying this album or title cut at all. AMAZON should be more clear about what they are selling. Otherwise, it IS a RIP OFF!
I had some really high hopes for this tribute album, since it is a tribute to Marylyn Manson after all. The album fell flat and I was left thinking, "What the hell just happened?" Yes, there were shining moments and some REALLY awful lows. I'm not sure if anyone else is having this issue, but I keep getting two different versions of this album to down load and one of them includes two covers of "Heart Shaped Glasses"Heart Shaped Glasses Dark Wave Deluxious: Ok version of an awesome song.Heart Shaped Glasses (Instrumental Version) Dark Wave Deluxious: In the name of all things unholy, make it stop! This sounds nothing like "HSG", it's "Paralyzer" by FingerEleven.Coma White - Apoptygma Berzerk: Originally heard this on "Gothika: A Gothic and Industrial Mix for Your Lost Soul" Not a favorite cover.Speed Of Pain - Haujobb: Haujobb does a good job with anything they put their hands to, but I preferred the version by Ophelia Rising and Abominable ID. It is a song that does very well stripped down to the bone.Cake & Sodomy - Razed In Black: I am a RIB fan, so the combo of "Cake and Sodomy" with Romell Regulacion made me happier than a kid in a candy store.Disposable Teens - Imperious: EPIC FAIL.
I thought this album was by the French jazz singer Zaz but it is not!!! And the music is terrible! Garbage noise...
I want to return this item, because I have searched your website, because I want to &#34;Contact Amazon.com&#34; or &#34;Contact Us&#34; and It is too hard to do.I found out after purchase, mp3 files will not play on my iPhone.  If you want, keep my money and I will get them somewhere else.I know that you are very busy.Thank you for your time.Bob Seymour
My interest in Speed Racer has been reignited with the release of the movie.  My six year old son and I have watched the cartoons and went to see the film, and when I saw this I thought that I would give it a try.  I had thought that maybe it was an extended mix of the theme song, or that it would have some incidental music from the TV series.  With the running time being over nine minutes I thought that for sure there was a bargain to be found here.  I was wrong.  The theme song is here as well as an instrumental version, but together they take about two and a half minutes.  The rest of the time is dead air.  I went through it to make sure that I didn't miss anything, but nope...just silence.  Save yourself ninety-nine cents and don't buy it.
This album is not by Juice Newton, even though Amazon shows three other Juice Newton Albums as alternative purchases by those who bought the album.  Also, all of the reviewers wrote about how good this album is - it might be for those who like whoever this is but IT IS NOT JUICE NEWTON.  Do not get ripped off.  Amazon totally fouled this up and this is not a minor problem - this is a sequester type - close down the government type bit of gross stupidity.
There is something seriously wrong with this recording.  I downloaded one song and it has a lot of interference or static -- as if the instruments were too close to the microphone -- or something even more drastic.  You can hear how bad the clip is on The Rose (& probably other cuts -- I was too pained to listen longer).
I wanted Jonny Greenwood is the Controller, I was looking at that physical disc, and its digital downloads brought me here.I have never heard of this band, it is the most mundane bland canned rock you ever did hear. Didn't help that I was expecting Radiohish reggae and I got limp splotchy splooge.
Listening to a sample of this music on Amazon did not prepare me for the repetition.  It is a loop of the same music over and over again.  It did not take me long to get tired of the music.
A major disappointment. Nothing but crashing stormy sounding waves- cannot hear any bowls without straining to hear them. Not a bit relaxing and certainly no beautiful bowl sounds. I sure wish I could have read a review before throwing my money away. Unless you are in the mood for very loud crashing waves, save your money. Tried to write to Mr. Moffett directly, but his website apparently does not exist.
If Musically Adrift was released in 1978, it would have been vilified for being a derivative mess.  When it was released in 1999 that was still the impression.  Sure, it boasts top notch performers in Elliot Randal, etc., but you cannot attempt to copy the formula from Steely Dan, The Doobie Brothers and whoever else and expect your music to be considered original even if you got a couple of Dan side men to play on it.  If Samuel Purdey had an original sound, perhaps this would not have been their first and last release and this would not be the first review ever.
I'll be honest. I bought this by mistake.  I thought &#34;O.K. Lets help out a new artist.&#34;  Please know that this rating is entirely personal preference.  I'm a big music lover and I just really didn't like this.  I hope that someone else does.
Sadly, it's one of the many CD that have been issued that appear to be a brilliant compilation, only to be spoiled upon playing it, when you discover that the tracks aren't originals, but are re-recordings.If you like re-recordings, or live versions, then this CD will be fine for you.I prefer original artists and original tracks, so this CD will stay in its sealed casing, never to be played on my CD player.
i bought doctors orders thinking it would be a clean copy...its one of the worst sounding copys ive ever heard stay away from this album
Even though it's somewhat close, and in great fidelity, this is not the original version of the familiar hit.  Even sounds like the original lead singer, but sounds like an alternate done at the original session, not the hit version we all know and love.
I am sick and tired of re-recordings of the old hits. Most people who love the 1950's and 1960's music want the ORIGINAL recordings, period. Do not waste your time on this collection.
I've just received this item and IT IS A FAKE. I don't know where have you purchased it but it's not the real one.1) cover is obviously made with a color printer. A very bad printer however.2)band name is wrongly written. Correct name is Companyia El&egrave;cTRICa Dharma and it's titled as Companyia El&egrave;cTRCIa Dharma.3)tracklist is also wrongly written:-track 1 appears as "Ovirgo" while the correct title is "O Virgo".-track 2 appears as "Strella splendens" while the correct is "Stella..." .- A little clue to discover the faker: "strella" instead of "stella" is properly made by a Spanish speaker.-track 4 appears as "Los 7 Got X" while correct is "Los 7 Gotx"Faker had a bad day![...]Avoid this item!!
First of all, let me preface my comment by saying that I didn't listen to all of the songs. In fact, I only listened to one of them. I'd been (and still am) looking for a copy of "The Riddle Of Love" on CD for years. This CD contains a cheap vinyl rip of the song - so bad in fact that the treble in the song has been turned down to, what I believe, lesson the scratchiness of the vinyl it was recorded from and the distinct 'pop' at 1:52 that vinyl is known for.Don't waste your money on this - and I'm sure you should avoid the other similar volumes on this 'label' (if it really is a legitimate label - or is it just the name of the guy who did the vinyl rips?).
These are not the original recordings. Don't waste your money when you can find the originals at the same price.
Yet again Amazon tries to dupe people into buying songs which aren't the original recordings- stop the swindle! Always listen before you buy.
This is pathetic.  On the surface at a quick glance it leads you to believe it is the version by Dan Fogelberg.  It is a really cheesy instrumental version. Be sure to listen before you buy.  Awful!  I was in a hurry and purchased before I realized what I had done.
Ugh! I hate this song. It's a rip-off of Olivia Newton-John's 80's song "Let's Get Physical." The vocals have crappy autotune in it. I just do not love this song at all! I saw a little bit of the music video "Overdosin'," it's also a rip-off of "Let's Get Physical." The music video has so many dislikes on the music video than the likes on You Tube. If I listen to the whole crappy song, my IQ would've been dropped. This song made my eardrums bleed. Don't buy this song.
The title and reviews are for classic rock. The music offered here is classical music. A bit of a departure.... After reading the reviews I was ready to buy. Will look for this elsewhere.Jeri
This song is horrible. It's not at all what I thought it was going to be and I wish that I didn't have this crap on my phone. I like Snoop Dogg, don't get me wrong, but he should NOT have covered Walk the Line.
To me, this album is much more raw mixing/DJing and much less a finished product of melodic songs. I'd recommend Smokers Delight or Carboot Soul over this one.
I don't know what they are calling remastered, it sounds just awful. When the first Archies album was remastered with original artwork, it was absolutely pristine in sound. It's shameful to lead people into thinking it sounds good with what they called remastered.  Don't bother.
I love Ron Dante and this music, but I'm having a tough time justifying the price (it's even gone up since I first saw this listed on Amazon!) for a recordable CD-R! I've read in numerous trade publications how the data/information stored on recordable CDs has no where near the life of the data pressed/imprinted on a "silver" Compact Disc. Why on earth does this cost this much when I can buy a CD-R for less than a dime! This seems excessive even accounting for the artist to make money on his recorded work! As a (former ;-) musician myself I do understand what is fair compensation, but this seems excessive for a temporary recording that may or may not come with artwork and a jewel case!
When I got the CD I was very excited. It was the original cover but with Digital Remastered written on it.The cover printed on cheap paper with no information at all, but the title fo the tracks. No bandmembers and no writers.Remastered ??? If it is remastered, you can call everything you copy from tape or LP for remastered.It sounds bad with distortion, cliks and pops.This is a great dissapointment and should be remomed from Amazon.
It "appears" to me that there are at least five CDs/MP3 albums released between 2008-2010 with different album names and different covers that all have these same live tracks on them in the same order. Many of the reviews for these various releases are not good. I think these CDs/MP3 albums are 1the same 13 tracks from Chaka's 2008 DVD "One Classic Night - Greatest Hits Live", which is from a 2007 show.Five albums that appear to have the same songs of the same length in the same order (except the last one listed that skips the first track all the others have) are:1. One Classic Night - Greatest Hits Live; MP3 Album info - Original Release Date: January 1, 2008; Label: Goldenlane; ASIN: B0014KA8VG; Total Length: 1:10:37; CD info - Audio CD (February 5, 2008); Label: Cleopatra; ASIN: B0011BJPXU2. Greatest Hits Live; Original Release Date: January 15, 2008; Label: Goldenlane; ASIN: B0013F496W; Total Length: 1:10:373. Introducing: Chaka Khan [UK Import]; Audio CD (December 1, 2009); Label: earMUSIC (101 DISTRIBUTION); ASIN: B002Q4RLBO4. One Classic Night [Import]; Audio CD (March 4, 2008); Label: Phantom Sound & Vision; ASIN: B0013GBD425. Chaka Khan (cover says "The Best of Chaka Khan"); MP3 Album info - Original Release Date: May 12, 2008; Label: One Media Publishing Ltd.; ASIN: B001I4O9MW; CD info - Audio CD (January 12, 2011); Label: One Media Publishing LTD.; ASIN: B004IWQONI.  There are only 12 tracks on this one album - they skip track 1. "I Feel For You" that is on the other releases listed above; otherwise, it appears all other tracks are identical on the 5 releases I have listed here. SPECIAL NOTICE FROM AMAZON REGARDING CD VERSION: This product is manufactured on demand using CD-R recordable media.You may enjoy the album but just know what you are buying. One could buy several different albums listed above and end up with the same songs repackaged.
This is a bunch of fake covers, not the real songs. It shows up top in listings when you are looking for the songs. Shame on Amazon.
I purchased this album thinking it was actually the listed artists performing the songs. Sadly, I was mistaken. They don't even sound similar.
As with other K-Tel oldies albums on Amazon, this is full of re-recordings and cover versions. As remakes go, they're not so bad, but it's just as easy to buy the original hits:Games People Play,In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida,Monday, Monday,Oh Happy Dayand so on. Why buy this version instead?
As I write this, Judy's Turn to Cry is the best-selling song from this MP3 collection. As with so many of the songs on K-Tel albums listed on Amazon, this is not the original. For the right Judy, turn toDoo Wop Golden Oldies Vol 2orThe Golden Hits Of Lesley Gore.
I just downloaded "Just Like Romeo & Juliet by the Reflections.  It's only 89 cents, but it's not the original hit version as released on 45 in 1964.  If you want the original version, do not buy it.
Deserves less than zero stars, for wasting everyone's time. These are not the original songs. Save your money, time and ears for the much better sounding originals, most of which are available on Amazon, or elsewhere. Another rip-off, and awful enough to gag a maggot, as they say...
i have not got to use because of kindle malfunctiion and had to return it to best buy ans so it is useless ti me
Really bad and not upbeat as I was hoping as I played it near someone who was going onto the next life.  If I could have sent it back I would have - now just trying to delete it from the kindle.
Buyer Beware!!!! Just from listening to the samples you can tell these are not the originals. They are decent reproductions but I am getting tired of these record labels ripping people off. If they would be up front about the content it wouldn't be so bad but this is dishonest.
If you do a lot of browsing around the oldies albums here, you've probably come to the same conclusion that I have. If you haven't, let me clue you in: If the record label is K-Tel, there's a really good chance that the album is full of re-recorded songs.So it is with this one, which I review here only because Amazon's recommendation engine laid it in front of me. Go listen to some original hit songs for sale elsewhere on Amazon:Rock Your Baby,Silence Is Golden,Billy, Don't Be A Hero, you get the idea. Then come back here if you still want the newer, re-recorded versions that populate this collection.
The music selected is a melange of different styles, all having one common denominator, mediocrity. One would have hoped for a better selection of the music we heard during this campaign. This montage certainly does NOT inspire. I doubt any astute Obama campaign manager would even listen --wimpy at best, not grassroots at all--with the possible exception of Stevie Wonder and Keb Mo. The rest are not up the the standard. Make your own mix! I would call this disappointing.
I really enjoy all of the work of LSC - so I plunked down $16 for this live release expecting a fun quality recording. In today's age of high quality recording gear, there is no excuse for this subpar standard of sound quality. It sounds like it was recorded on a toy cassette deck. Avoid this release unless you are a completist. If you don't have any LSC, then I would suggest Fixation Orale.
More mediocre mainstream rock. Isn't this supposed to be an oxymoron ? Rebellion ? No way. Sellout ? You bet. Next ?
The album itself is one of the worst , Bing recorded, Frankie did things like this better. And this reissue is much worse. The took a mono LP and mastered it at the wrong speed. The could'nt do it worse. Please, do't buy!
What a shame, Why ? I fully agree with comments of others buyers. It's a shame to treat Mr Crosby like that.. about this CD, i have just one thing to say : HORRIBLE, i'm asking how it is possible to sale sush an awful thing. The sound is horrible, i've vinyls in bad conditions who plays better than this CD. Really, it was horrible to listen that. I found it was normal to inform you others Crosby's fans.
When better albums are made, this fellow is unlikely to be the one making them.
a little bit vacuous new country and a little bit wimpy boy music ala Counting Crows.  A vast donut hole of a record.
Not the Ken Block I was hoping for.  Will the real Ken Block please stand up?  When I hear Ken Block and Drift in the same sentence I think of DC Shoes, Subaru, Monster, and Drifting, not some other dude named Ken Block that decided to name his album drift.
I picked this one up based on the samples given, and it turned out that those were the only really good spots on the album.  It's not bad, just not good.  I might have deleted it since, but I don't remember!
All I can do is laugh. This is by far one of the worst collections of music ever. Who the hell would listen to this?
This is a "remake" album with none of the tight harmonies or vocal quality that made the original hits so memorable. It borders on fraud to fail to label these as remakes. I am at a loss to tell you where to find the originals without resorting to illicit file sharing.
i downloaded track 9.  does not contain the original vocals.  the only vocals is the chorus of the song, resung, spread out over the dance track.
The same crappy mixes released on another compilation desperate for a different response from the music audience... it isn't going to happen. The case says what hits are included.. but how are these songs hits? There is no chart history ever recorded for Radames anywhere in the world!!!
Ok, I'll admit it...I watch The Hills (I can't believe I just admitted to that on the internet). So, I see that Heidi Montague has an album out when I get my amazon.com downloads newsletter. Just because I had to hear this with my own ears, I played a preview. Um, all I can say is SERIOUSLY? REALLY? WHY? I'm trying to find words, but I can't. And it's $4.95!!! $4.95?? Good lord, I payed $3.99 I think for U2's latest and they are arguably the greatest band of all time. I don't know what that has to do with Heidi Montague, I'm just sayin. Poor, delusional, silly girl. I have absolutely no idea why this surprises me so much. She actually married that spencer thing (for real, I heard) Well, that's all I have to say.
First of all, I'm amazed at how realistic the robots from Japan are getting.  Look at "her" -- she almost looks human, but you can still tell that it's mostly plastic.  And now they sing!
really pop fluff with no substance. at least body language had something but these new songs are baaad. sorry.
I might need therapy after listening to this crap.  My four year old daughter can sing better than Heidi.  Note to Heidi:  stick to hair, makeup, fake weddings, real weddings, making your mom mad and ol' flesh beard.  Leave the singing to those with talent.
It's like listening to a musical abortion.  This terribly untalented devil-skank just might have ruined music for me.  Please kill yourself, Heidi.  If I could give it zero stars, I most definitely would.
It's OK to be a pretender when you're acting, but not when making music. Stick to acting.
This chick is ridiculous, she sounds like a Britney Spears on crack. There is absolutely no talent on this bitch..
who would pay this much money for an "album" made by an audio mixer.  it doesn't even sound like heidi, because she probably can't sing.  i am a watcher of the hills, i'll admit it, but making and releasing an album is a little too much.
I think that this album should be the free album download of the week...$4.95 is about $4.95 too much for this...I mean this is the person married to that Spencer person/thing...
Where are the lossless FLAC files?  No mention whether these MP-3 files are the 128 kbs or 256 kbs.  Am I really supposed to buy something on the blind.  You don't provide enough information to decide if it's worth my time and money.
This collection of songs isn't worth the money. There are some good songs here, but the sound quality is horrible. I compared some songs to ones I downloaded on iTunes of the same name, and some of them sound as if they were recorded through a tin can. Several songs are mislabeled, and some of them are not even "Crooner" songs. Avoid this.
Rarely have I had the displease to listen to such a talentless singer. A voice like a crying baby being beaten with a screaming cat ... lyrics to match.
I didn't know that Toad The Wet Sprocket had a greatest hits album and after my Amazon.com purchase I still don't know. After downloading my MP3 ALBUM I find It only has one song on it! Amazon mistake? Or album rip-off? I still don't know.
Very disappointed that these are not the original artists on these tracks.  Lesson learned READ THE FINE PRINT!  It appears all of these albums by "Cardio Workout Crew" are the same.  BEWARE!
Can I give a negative star? This album is complete garbage.My own fault for buying it, I was in a rush to get to the gym and wanted some new music; I didn't look over the reviews before buying it, or I never would have. I presumed that it was a compilation, similar to NOW and other collections.Ugh.These tracks are not performed by the original artists and to make that worse, the performing artists are not very good either! I dearly wish I could get my money back for this piece of repackaged, off-brand crap.
I was never able to download them.
I do feel bad for giving a scathing review, but this cd is a hoax. It is not the actual artists, and the sound quality of the remakes is not professional. I will probably delete it from my files completely despite the money wasted.
I've never been so angry - THIS is a great example of why mp3 downloads can be a bad thing... In a huge rush to get some Camouflage (a synthpop/EBM band) I hit the site to snag the mp3s. Read the description to confirm it was the right band, couldn't play samples on the machine I needed to use, but recognized the other albums.  There's no differentiation - no way for me to tell this one that I thought I hadn't even heard of was some HORRIBLE, like christian rock band or something.  Had I purchased this CD I would have returned it, PROMPTLY; unfortunately I guess that's not an option with mp3s.
According to Amazon's recommendations "inspired by my wish list" (which has an album by the German synthpop band Camouflage on it), it recommended me several other releases by Camouflage. Most I recognized from the German band but never heard of this one so I clicked over. So glad the other reviewers pointed out this was not the same band. Amazon needs some internal system to differentiate between different artists with the same name so they at least know not to recommended the wrong releases to fans of a band, especially one that has been around for 2 decades with several hit songs considered synthpop classics!
Let me start by saying it is possible that there is a better product description somewhere that I didn't see.  If this is the case, then my mistake...my review is then void; however, that discription is no where on the phone app.THIS CD DOESN'T HAVE THE ORIGINAL ARTISTS ON IT!  No where... NO WHERE that I've seen in the item discription states that fact.  I bought a song over my phone (where I couldn't tell it wasn't the original artist by the short clip that was played), only to be extremely disappointed when I played the whole song.  Yes, it was only 99 cents, but a dollar is a dollar, okay? I could've used that dollar to buy the real deal- WHICH IT SHOULD'VE BEEN ANYWAY.  Take this lame-a** CD off of Amazon; no one wants to be tricked onto buying a CD full of karaoke wannabes.  I guess I should've done better homework and gotten it from the actual artist, but I didn't even know CDs full of non-original artists were even produced!  What a stupid idea.
I absolutely love Steve Lawrence, unfortunately the sound quality of this mp3 is terrible! Buyer beware!! What you hear on the sample songs is what you get! I thought the terrible sound quality was due to the fact that these were just samples to give the listener an idea of what the songs sounded like and that the actual sound quality got better after you purchased the songs. The sound of these mp3's are muffled at best:(
There are those who say Bob Dylan sold his soul to Satan. If you ask me, that moment happened the moment he agreed to let Rod Stewart use his song of the same title as a basis for a re write (terrible eighties style rewrite)This is the biggest schlock-fest of Stewart's career. What in tarnation happened to you Rod? You were so awesome in the days of The Faces and Jeff Beck! Would love to see Rod's artistic direction back on track someday cos he's turned into a self parody Michael Bolton type subpar crooner. Seek out Dylans far,far superior version, it's on the box set called Biograph by Bob Dylan. The worst part about this song is how often it gets played when your inside an elevator or when you're at an office of some type like a doctor's office or something. The other day they were playing it at my job and I wanted to jump out the window (and i work on the 5th floor~lol)
This is a poor relaxation cd because some of the tracks are not relaxing at all. I buy compilations like this because I can usually rely on finding one or two new artists of interest. Not this time.A bad sign is that the executive producer has three song-writing credits. That tells me this is more like a vanity project with no objectivity in track selection.But all is not lost. Firstly, the digipak is superbly put together. Art Direction & Graphic Design are credited to someone named Gloria Ma. She has done a superb job, so if you're looking for a designer, buy a copy of this cd and prepare to be impressed.Secondly, the only track of real quality here is one I already owned, "Sorrow's Call" by Dave Eggar. If it is relaxation you want, buy one of his cds instead of this one. His playing is so good, it is soothing and healing as well as relaxing.
Be very wary! These are re-recorded and "Special" versions. Check the tracks, then you can make your own decision. The Musical Youth track is especially atrocious.
HORRIBLE!Worse I ever heard! All the words available cannot describe how disappointed i was when i heard the error purchase i made.  i did not intend to order this version.
This is hardly the "Best of" Crispian St. Peters. It's a re-record, and a chintzy one at that. I am getting damn sick and tired of Amazon foisting this re-recorded crap on its unsuspecting customers by giving the impression that these things are the original recordings when they're not. Don't waste a penny on this fake "Best Of" junk.
i was supposed to be seeing bad flirt last night but ruby took the stage instead. what a huge disappointment. bad janis joplin ripoff. cant sing in tune. trite lyrics. blech.
When your sample the songs on this album you hear the the actual artist.  I know it says various artists, but shouldn't the sample be the same????  Anyway, the various artists are horrible and and rip off...............DON'T BUY THIS, YOU CAN NOT GET A REFUND!!!!!!
I had trouble with this download. The file said it was corrupted. I was afraid to keep it in my computer, so I deleted it. I never had this happen before.
I tried to download this 3 different times and each time I could not access it because there was nothing in the folder. I could not save the folder to another place of my choosing nor would it play in my Windiows Media Player. However, I could play it my Amazon Cloud Player. MP3 downloads automatically save to &#34;My Music&#34; folder. I have to admit I've downloaded quite a few MP3s and this is the first time I've had this problem. Listening to it in the Cloud Player, I didn't care much for the music. Glad I didn't pay very much to download it. Just my opinion.
I came here thinking this was some long lost album released by Hum (http://www.amazon.com/Youd-Prefer-Astronaut-Hum/dp/B00BFJF2HG/ref=ntt_mus_dp_dpt_1), the space-rock band popular in the late 90's.This guy plays acoustic guitar over his solo vocals.  NOT THE SAME BAND.I'm giving a 1 star for this guy's lack of awareness of the real Hum.  One wouldn't name themselves The Rolling Stones and expect to be treated any different.Good luck on your career, buddy, but hopefully you got yourself a different name.
This is another band singing everyone else's songs.  Bewarenot the original artists and it doesn't let you know that anywhere
Now, I realize everyone is happy to see that George is still recording and has recovered from his drug addictions.But this is a very poor effort. White Christmas has a very dated 80's synth sound. All he did was take the original song and put a basic beat over it. I don't see the creativity.The other songs are equally dated, not to mention George's voice is a shadow of its former self.This is nothing compared to his past stuff like Generations of Love or IL Adore.It just seems to me George doesn't put much effort into his music anymore. He's too busy djing and designing fashions. He just thinks because he's an icon people will buy whatever he does and he doesn't have to work that hard.
Beware: These are not the original hit or album versions of these songs. They are re-recorded versions of the songs.
I thought I was purchasing the MWK who writes rock songs. But, this is Spanish dance club music! Don't be fooled by the name!
Great price, but not a great purchase. I love to collect music from both the 50's 60's and 70's. I am happy if they have been "Remastered" as long as they are the original recordings by the original artist.  If you just want music from this era, then this down-load is for you. However, if you remember these songs from "the day" then these remakes will not work for you.
These are all resings.  Synthesizer tracks, and are not the originals.  Don't waste your money.
This is the 3rd time I've tried to purchase a Fred Waring MP3 via Amazon.  All three times, the download has failed.  Amazon has been kind enough to refund my money, but I wish they'd fix the problem.
If You Listen To The Preview You Will See The Songs Are Not Synced With The Name. I Ordered Thinking The File Would Have The Correct One But It Does Not. "Did It Again" song file  plays the song AFTER "End Credits"
Who would do this to their child?  Words cannot describe how awful this is.  Don't put your child online singing if the child is tone-deaf.  Not every little girl is a magical princess.
I was hoping for all original hits, in original mixes.  This definetly was NOT what I wanted.  The remixes are just wrong.
All song are not the origonal recordings. When redone at a later time is very bad. You want them to be the same as you heard them on AM radio years ago.
With the exception of &#34;Bring Him Home&#34; all other recordings were extremely disappointing - not al all what I expected from Colm.  He is so good in Les Miserable that we thought this would be a nice addition to our CD collection.  Big mistake - really spoiled our memory of his excellent stage work.
If it was possible to give a below zero rating, I would! This is absolutey tradgic, awful, and a flip off to the most beautiful and relaxing type of music. I don't know who thout making classics into techno was even a sorta good idea. It's a disgrace and I strongly suggest not adding this to your collection!
Maybe I am too trusting but when the title says 'hot 100 Number ONES' ...I expect 100 songs. The thought the sample list was a sample but Not the complete list of songs. So I guess I was suppose to get 14 songs but only got 9. Very dissapointing!
chose the wrong one - wanted George MichaelThis one has basically no voice. Hurts when you expect the great voice from George Michael
I played the previews and thought I was getting the original artists - should have read the fine print.  What a downer after I purchased and started to play the tunes...
STOP do not download this album if you want the original artists. Waste of money...
The bitrate is 150 kbps! On some other sites this track is selling for the same price, but the bit rate is 320 kbps.
First, let me say the I enjoy the actual Opheliac album. However, this is nothing more than a couple of people sitting around and telling inside jokes to each other, with very little insight into the music. I can't say that I listened to the whole thing, as it is an over-indulgent 7+ hours long. The thrilling "Intro" consists of mind-numbing ramblings on being pale, the potato, and which types of tea they are drinking. It takes 11 minutes for them to play any of the music, albeit in the background. It does get better, but really not all that much. Recommended only to those who enjoy listening to people being way too self-absorbed, or those who enjoy hearing someone constantly make lip-smacking noises.
An excellent album that is totally ruined by the lack of dedication in converting to mp3 format.  The album is spectacular but this conversion to mp3 format is almost an insult to the artist.  An obvious poor copy from a scratchy LP record with track 3 Tea for Two Cha Cha's ending included as a part of track 4's beginning.  I honestly could have done a way better job if I would have bought a vinyl album of this and converted it myself. To be fair, if you are going to listen to it on your Ipod or mp3 player or computer speakers, it may be acceptable but transferring it to a cd or listening to it connected to your stereo system, all the imperfections will be revealed and it will ruin your experience in listening to this masterpiece of an album.  I will say it again that the album itself is a rare jewel but there should have been more dedication and attention to detail when this album was converted to an mp3 format.  My plea to the record company who have the rights for this album is to release it on CD so that the generation of today can listen and appreciate the genius of Enoch Light.
This album is so bad, they should pay US to listen to it...it is like an auto accident...you can't turn away, even though you know it is awful!
All over Brooklyn you see BLKVAMPIRES spray painted with stencils onto the sidewalks. You people are the lowest form of life there is. Needy and desperate for attention. Plus your music is terrible. It's no wonder you guys have no fans.
I have mp3 tracks sampled from personal reel-to-reel tapes of Volumes I and II.I encoded them at 128 bits. These mp3s from Amazon of Volume III, in comparisonto mine, even though the bit rate is 320, sound horribly muddy and are notworth buying because of the low quality. I suspect that the tapes from whichthese mp3s were made were very corrupt. There is no definition to the soundand the stereo is barely detectable. If I am going to get decent mp3s I amgoing to have to find R2R tapes in good condition and do the sampling myself.Don't buy this. You will be extremely disappointed. Get a mint LP or try tofind the Reel-to-Reel and make your own mp3s. Amazon should be ashamed to sellthese inferior audio files.
I don't know what to tell you about this band except that it doesn't work for me.I rec'd this both this CD and &#34;Mantoloking&#34; from a friend.  Both are BAD accidents.The band is a combo of a bad drummer, bad guitarist, boring lyrics, and an average singer.Take a big pass on both of these albums!
Listen to every track before buying this album - I made the mistake of only listening to one before making the purchase. It was such a stupid album that I just deleted it from my hard drive. Most of the music is Yanni-like for meditation or smooth-jazz-like for a dental office. Some were just plain weird and had electronic buzzing sounds that I really couldn't describe as music at all. You must need to be on drugs to enjoy this music (as the album cover suggests). There were really only 2 tracks that could barely be considered lounge music. I have purchased about 200 hours of lounge/chill from Amazon and this album is simply mislabeled. It is just New-age music....period.
Not the prime music I thought it would be.  If it were not so much trouble, I would have returned.
They are again using tracks from a worn out Vinyl LP on this CD. I was hoping that the Honky Tonk Train track was a good copy from a master tape but it sounds like my worn out LP copy. Still looking for a good copy.
I had been looking for this LP in digital format for years & after seeing it posted for mp3 download & was initially ecstatic....then I listened to the first mp3 file.  I am cautioning anyone that plans on making any future purchase from the SINETONE AMR label.  The sound quality on these mp3's is as bad as an old overused LP vinyl record because...taa daa...it was taken straight from a vinyl LP record.  Vinyl noise, clicks & pops abound on all these recordings.  I paid $7.99 for DIGITAL quality music & NOT pops, clicks & rumble.  I am very disappointed & will probably never hear this album straight from the original master tapes after all.  I hope I can get refunded for the purchase but I don't have high hopes for it.
A great tune but suffers due to poor sound mix. It was recorded for the Ed Sullivan show. Great musicianship could really do with a re-mix.
Unfortunately I failed to realize that these are not the original artists but are poorly done remakes with synthesized backgrounds. They are not even as good as the remakes from the heretofore best-known remakes in guitar hero. By the 3rd song one gets bored with the repetitive beat and long instrumental intros. It seems that they all sound so similar that they actually interfered with reaching the "zone" while working out.Caveat emptor.
It original artists.  Not sure what to say other than it seems like generic music. It drives me crazy listening to it.
he is a really great singer but the production of the cd sucks. the cd skips and is very poor quality. i sent the first one back hoping it was an isolated event but the second cd came in skipping in different places than the first. i kept it because i couldn't get my money back. i hope he puts out a cd with a decent company.
10bucks for 7 tracks? Please don't waste your money on the ABQ joke of a band. Man i wish RAM still made music.
This is the worst kind of cheesy electronic dance music. Nothing redeeming here what so ever. Perhaps this was recorded as an attempt to appeal to the dance crowd. I love electronic music, but this piece is what gives electronic music a bad reputation. This doesn't sound like the Stephan Kaske that I know and love, but I'm afraid it is....
Absolutely useless......can't download to my Kindle......directions to download apps to my phone or kindle are vague at best and don't work. Total waste of money. Never using this part of amazon again. Can't even get my money back for this useless carp. So useless the system won't allow me to rate it as 0 stars. I have know choice but to give 1 star. Even the rating system sucks
this guy is a hater and i bought the album by accident. pretty good singer though. very very very very
I believe I will like this album if I ever get the chance to listen to it. I only recd part of the album and the rest must be up on some cloud. I do not want any part of cloud. May I continue to be a customer of MP3 music from Amazon. Then please load my purchase of this music directly to me. Leo A. Sielsch
Don't buy this unless you don't want the original artists.Glad I listened before I bought it, but I was looking to buy singles.
I only bought this because there was no other alternatives, this is horrendous, very amateur.  On youtube you can find a much better karaoke version of this song.
This was the only karaoke version of the song "To Each His Dulcinea" I found in the Kindle store. I could not tell much by the sample, but hoped it would become clear (when to start singing, where you are in the song) by listening to the whole song. It was not. And the style is completely foreign to the theatrical version.  I wanted to use it for practice and possibly audition. It is useless for my purposes. If I could return it I would. I gambled and lost on this one...my bad!
59-yr old wanna-bee, tone deaf, pretend &#34;musician&#34; and a legend in his own mind. No name, no fame and no goof tunes worth any money, much less your time. This tripe has been on the web for 3 years and still hasn't scratched even the 1000th rank of a Google search. The guy that put this up is a high school drop-out with a bunch of other losers trying to trick people out of their money when they could be spending those hard-earned dollars on REALGRAMMY nominees and WINNERS!
I thought I was buying the new Kidz Bop album and was tricked into buying this.  Don't make the same mistake I did...this is NOT GOOD AT ALL.
songs with curse words and sexual overtones.I am disgusted that songs about a friday night menange e tois can be thought appropriate for children or young teens.  I am not going to rant here, just buyer beware these are club songs for club aged listeners.  Not kids.a few songs are acceptable but as an album i would spend money elsewhere
I was so shocked to hear a curse word on the "Imma Be" song. I thought this would have been edited out since this album is marketed to "Kids"...very disappointing!
The other reviewer is right, these songs are NOT the radio (clean) versions!  Besides their example, Boom Boom Pow by the Black Eyed Peas is not edited - you can hear it even in the sample on this page.
I didn't see the reviews before downloading this seemingly innocent album to my sons kindle.  I didn't think anything of it until I heard him singing and saying the s and n words.  I couldn't believe it. Do not buy this album!
Oh how I wished I would have read the reviews first!! I downloaded OMG for my son, thankfully, he told me there was a bad word in it. I listened to the song and was SO SHOCKED!!  Totally NOT appropriate for kids (or teens for that matter).  I plan to ask for a refund.
Wow! I was shocked that this "kids" music was not even as clean as what is played on the radio. Unless you want your child to go around singing "Let's go all the way tonight" or asking to brush their teeth with a bottle of Jack do not purchase this. Shame on the produces of this.
Please do not buy this for your "kids" unless you don't care if they hear the "S" and "N" words!! I let my 9 year old listen to this without listening to it first. :(
There is a good voice here, but nothing more at this stage of her career. There are insight-free lyrics and tunes to match. Her thanks begin with, "Thanks to all those who have had anything to do with my career ...", and that lazy approach typifies the music.From "Nothing Was Left" comes the line, "you stole my fear to feel" - as if anyone would think that was something worth stealing. She doesn't have anything worth saying, and until she does, that genetic gift of her voice is only mouthing uninteresting musings and platitudes.
There is child-like and there is childish. This is the latter. From  "Fly Away" : "... maybe we should fly up into the sky we could chase the sun like shooting stars ...". Or from "I Won't Change" : "... I won't change cause I don't want to ...".Self-centered, simple-minded, insight-free. Superficially sweet, but very quickly sickly.Finally, from "Built To Break" : "... you could be mine you could be mine all mine or you could be hers whatever ..."
The music is very poorly produced. The sounds are often unbalanced, looping from left to right randomly. The arrangement is very wooden; I suspect that these tracks are produced by some computer algorithms.
I was not happy with this one at all there was only 2 songs on this whole thing that I liked the rest were a big waist of money
While Noel Coward is highly entertaining, this recording was poorly done. There is a reason this album is less than $2 -- it sounds as if someone found an old vinyl record and set up the microphone to the speaker and recorded these MP3s from that. The recording is very scratchy just like on old vinyl LP. It also sounds like was recorded in mono. The high notes cause the headphones on my iPod to play static. The orchestra sounds flat, and there is no brilliance in Noel Coward's performance.There is a reason that this has been put into two separate MP3s instead of individual tracks -- the first one is side A from the vinyl record and the second track is side B! Do not purchase this recording until it becomes remastered by the studio. I am highly disappointed by this.
The above reviews have to be from relatives.  She is enthusiastic but the voice needs a LOT of training.  Amateur at best. I've heard better listening to karaoke (even at the end of the night when everyone is drunk).
If yu like the Bacon Brothers, featuring Kevin Bacon; you don't want to buy this CD. It is NOT the Bacon Brothers with Kevin Vacon, it is someone else.
I downloaded The Garden Of Eden by Joe Valino and Darling You Sent Me by Sam Cooke was downloaded instead.  At least one other song (one by the Ames Bros.) was also mixed up with a Sam Cooke number. Avoid this mp3 listing.
i didnt know the whole thing was rain. I guess my fault for not paying attention I just saw to help baby sleep thru the night but the noise of rain is the whole mp3 of cd. we have rain here where I live its not something that I wanted I thought it was different sounds
People ought to contribute to charity albums and buy charity albums because they care about a cause or want that rare track from an artist who is donating their time/song to someone else.  To say that Randell Kirsh, John Cowsill or Christian Love are of the Beach Boys is ridiculous. To say "Joey Curatolo of Rain: A Tribute To the Beatles on Broadway" who cares if you play in a snazzy Beatles tribute band? If that defines what you are as a musician then I dont want to hear your music.  I am a tremendous Beatle enthusiast, but please. The charity album is and always will be a great thing and I am not trying to change that, but please be honest
Don't buy songs off of Last.fm.  You don't know what version of the song you will get.  I've heard several renditions of this song and this is the worst and not the one I thought I was getting.
These are poor remakes of these songs, not the originals. Save your money, this album will just annoy you if you've ever heard the original releases by the real artists.
I purchased candy rain by Soul For Real as an MP3. I was excited to hear it, the beat sounded right, but when the singing started it just didn't seem right. I remember a high pitch adolescent singing, but on this version it was a grown man. Not that it sounded bad but it wasn't the original as advertised. So basically I spent .99 on the bootleg, corner store version just to have to go back and buy the original anyway. I didn't listen to any other songs and for some reason the "listen to preview" feature doesn't work on my computer.
If you know the music of the past, you'll agree with me that that these ain't no collection of romantic tunes! They're more like the kind of music I used to dance to as a teenager... back when new wave was but the latest fad! Do not buy this compilation. It's truly hard to find such a collection that we all have in mind... but this one's just not it. You're just gonna waste your money on something that only the compiler will get for his private library. I won't. Not even for free. These ain't worth my time, dough nor whatever.
If ever there was an award for the worst vocals I have ever heard it would be THIS person.After hearing this steaming turd I did a little research on Ernest Kohl. I have NO idea who writes his bio peices but I kid you now, he is referred to as being an "international superstar" and how he tops world charts!!WHICH charts exactly? Most certainly not national charts. I've never heard of this guy, and I dance music from the 80s to now is my thing.Ernest Kohl is literally fooling himself if he believes for a second that he has a grain of talent, or that he is a star on any scale.So this album, the productions are beyond dated, tinny, and the vocals are just hideous, and that is being very kind. The writing is so bad, it's just a wonder this album secured any form of distribution.This album and artist is to be avoided at all costs, if you don't want irreversable damage to your ears.It's the musical equivalent of getting repeatedly stabbed in the head and will actually drive you insane.A HIDEOUS MESS and an embarrassment to good dance music.
Saw these guys live at a local show and although the band didn't seem to have much chemistry together, the music seemed pretty good and I figured maybe it was just an off night.  I downloaded the EP a few days later as they did play some catchy songs and I try to support local music, but this EP is sadly priced right (i.e., in this case, you get what you pay for).  There is some talent and potential here, but these guys are going to have to up the ante if they plan on going anywhere.  The songs on this EP are all straightforward, generic and ultimately forgettable rock songs.  Lyrically there is nothing new here that hasn't been crooned about a million times before.  I think they said something about a full album coming out soon; hopefully it branches out more than this or "Breaking Here" will become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
I can't tell whether the MP3s are bad or if the transfer from the analog source to digital audio is to blame.  What I do know is that every track on the album has scratchy sounds to it and that I'll be seeking a refund.
Hey folks, Tony Sandler & Ralph Young are fantastic performers and singers.  I love these guys.  They don't deserve to have a botched MP3 album on Amazon.  FIX THIS THING.  FIX IT NOW.
I bought this album thinking I was buying one from Kim Walker of Jesus Culture. Was so disappointed to find it was not. The vocals are really not it. I have to skip the songs every time it comes up on my MP3 player in my car. It wasn't worth the buy for me.
This is the kind of album that I listen to when I need a good laugh. Songs like "Unless You Call" and "Lonely" are golden opportunities for this. The lyrics are just that ridiculous. To be fair, I accidently bought this album while attempting to buy an album by Kim Walker who is associated with Jesus Culture. Therefore, I am not the typical listener for this Kim Walker of "Lifetimes." Regardless, this is music that makes me shocked he can make money from it. I have no idea why two other people rated this album five stars. But hey, whatever floats your boat! If you enjoy, then go for it. But I recommend to listen to a few samples before purchasing.
Caveat Emptor.  I'm not convinced these are the original songs by the original artists.  Some of the versions sound completely bloodless and derivative.
Very offended when hearing f-words used in a work out tape! Product should have a warning.  I'll delete it from my library immediately!
Lots of scratchy noise in the background!  Never had this quality from this manufacturer before.  Not noticeable in the sample.
I came across this on Spotify and listened to a few tracks and boy do they stink! Not that any of these songs are great to start -- the cream of the crop when it comes to pop drivel -- but Jesus H. Christ are these mediocre. Just really sub-par recordings with low rent backup singers not trying very hard and failing very hard. My question still stands: Why does this exist?
BUT THE SONGS GOT STATIC!!!  GRRRR DON'T BUY.. NOT VERY GOOD FOR YOUR EAR.. ITS REALLY ANNOYING!! WISH I CAN GET MY MONEY BACK!!!
Not the sing off singers. Not the real singers...who are these guys! Please complain to Amazon. We need to get our money back!
WATCH OUT - this wasn't produced by NBC by any of the artists listed.  It's performed by "The Sing-off-Singers" if you're looking for a Cappella music - this isn't it!  I give it NO ABSOLUTELY ZERO stars!
I was very disappointed to find out I have been duped!  I have reported this seller to Amazon and hope they get their selling privileges taken away.  NONE OF IT IS ACAPELLA. Please, please, please read the reviews before you purchase!
This is not the the Sing-off cast or even performers.  This is not even an A Capella rip-off of the Sing-off cast. its a few people on cheesy karaoke style tracks.  it's awful.  the worst part is that amazon shows these tracks in the search results with the genuine Sing-Off songs.  be very careful when searching for Sing-off music and preview every track before you buy.
Both the album title and the individual tracks are misleading.  While it is indeed the *songs* from The Sing-Off, these are not the *performances* from The Sing-Off, and not even the *performers* from The Sing-Off.If anything, the samples here sound like karaoke performances of the original songs.
Cannot seem to download the mp3 to play on my own digital karaoke machine (seems I am forced to download only to the cloud or itunes...what good is that????) and it is not a CDG. If it were more than 89 cents I'd be demanding a refund.
Beware people, this is NOT the Sing-Off product.  Not only do the artists not sound the same, but there is music!  If you know anything The Sing Off is ACAPELLA!!!!!  Very distraught over this.  Wish they would offer me a refund seeing how they got me for both!
Sadly, this is NOT the musice from the show Sing-off. The groups don't sound the same, and the biggest give away, is that the show was centered on acapella music, and this is not acapella. I'm not sure what this is exactly, but if you're looking for the sing off music this isn't it.
I expected this would be on par with the &#34;Now thats what I call&#34; hits line of music. The remixed song versions are un-inspiring at best.
These are not done by the original/famous artists - and it really shows.Not worth the price at 50% off. I wish I had never bought this collection. That's what I get for being in a rush on the way to the gym and not looking thoroughly at the track list.
I couldn't get into the music or the vocals. Don't waste your money. Lots of familiar songs but no where near the original artists vision or intent. I buy a lot of workout music like these and someone of them are pretty good. This one isn't.
I guess I was expecting a mix of fast pace music. It all sounded the same. There was a lot of songs and if you like having the beats to the music sound the same then you may like it.
why do you find cd like this one that are are so low buget. you can get the real one why would you buy this one are other like it.
Really disappointed.  This was nothing like the disco dance music we played at parties in the 70's.  It all seemed like elevator music.
Not the quality I was looking for.  It sounded like elevator music to me.  Also, I would like a true sound, not artifical sounding
An off-key flute led the compilation of amaturistic...(music?).  I've heard better music come out of high school marching bands .
I was really looking forward to recieving this CD. It's a shame that none of them sound like they are suposed to. Wrong rhythms and wrong notes will disappoint true fans and musicians. This could have been a really cool thing to own...
Hey, the Dylan canon is up for grabs, and every one of us likes to play our personal favorites.  I don't fault Fang for trying, but what can anyone add to a Dylan classic? It's all been tried, and nothing comes close to Dylan himself. Maybe I'll change my mind if Dylan puts "Zimmy" in black tape on the back of his guitar and jumps around when he's performing this song.
The OTHER version of Noelle's "Imagine" is the Real Deal, & I'm very happy with it:Imagine.She is a wonderfully gifted & beautiful little lady, and the world is a better place when she steps up to the mic.As for this one... paid them a buck & got a big disappointment. It's merely the backing tracks.Entirely instrumental, with a little bit of children's choir near the end.I saw a warning about "Make sure you get the right version" or some such, but no clue which is which.So I ASKED them, "What's the difference between "Imagine" and "Imagine Soundtrack?"Weeks later there was still no reply.So I bought the "soundtrack" because movie soundtracks are usually MORE than later studio versions.Oh well! Had to buy 'em both just to get the right one.
I'm another fan of Pig with Raymond Watts and I, like these other people, am sick of hearing this dbag coming up in Pig searches.  I always think its a new album by the real Pig but its this toolbag instead.  He's awful and just as bad as rappers who use the same band name as others.  Get lost fake Pig guy, you are a douche.
Not only is this not Pig, it is ridiculously bad music! As I listened to the corny and uninspired opening track and marveled at the poor singing and the vapid lyrics, all I could think of was my little cousin, who, at age five, announced his yet-to-be-formed rock band would be called The Beatles. Informed that the name had been spoken for many decades prior, he replied &#34;yeah, but we can be the OTHER Beatles&#34;. Ultimately, the biggest irony is that my five-year-old cousin had a better chance of living up to his &#34;borrowed&#34; band name than this clown ever could.
Today I got a notification from Amazon about Pig's new release. Came here to check it out and what a let down, it's just some flake calling himself Pig. This is not Raymond Watts' and sounds nothing like his work. So whomever this guy is, I've given him one ugly solitary star for using an established name to lure others to buy before listening.
Not PIG. Please choose another band name. This band comes up on Spotify as well. It would be great if this band did not show up on search results at all.
This is not Raymond Watts. Please go home and pick a new name- you're not going to pick up any fans this way.
Hearing this for the first (and, with luck, the last) time was like getting a poke in the eye with a sharp stick, as if someone offered you a gin and tonic and handed you a Sprite.
Hi, just another PIG fan here, big enough and bitchy enough to give the hooved finger to this guy till he takes the hint.
Lee Fields should stick with the arrangements and instrumentation that he knows.  This album is a poorly executed attempt at updating Mr. Fields sound to something more like modern R&B; and it fails miserably.  There's not a single song that is memorable and Mr. Fields' vocals sound terribly out of place.  The lyrics are trite.  The music is a horrible panache of differing styles and even the addition of some real keyboards and wah guitar on the last few songs can't elevate this album out of the morass of crapitude it exists in.Prior to hearing this album, I would have said that I love Mr. Fields' work; now I have to say that I love most of his work.  This album is terrible and will get absolutely no more listening time from me; once was enough.(I even removed it from my iTunes immediately after my post-rip listening session.)
Does it bother anyone else that tracks 7 and 8 are NOT Connie Francis but CONNIE STEVENS!  Buyer beware!  This doesn't seem like a very reliable collection. Sloppy.
the beat is not so bad, and she has a great voice, but the lyrics suck. like a 10 year old girl wrote them.
Instrumental Music only. No lyrics. Not what I expected from a karaoke CD. I wish I would have read the reviews first.
I was very frustrated when I bought this for a karaoke party only to realize that it had not accompnying lyrics for the songs....don't waste your money!
Why would I buy a karaoke CD with no lyrics? Amazon: please allow users to read reviews before purchasing music on their phones. If I had known this doesn't come with lyrics, I wouldn't have purchased it.
This a singer that sung the song, THIS IS NOT THE ORIGINAL VERSIONBUY THE REAL SONG, STAY AWAY FROM "REPRODUCTION"(The lady did a good job singing the song)
I got tricked by the names and titles.  The bad thing is that all this music is not from the original performers, it is fake!  Unreal!  Please do not try to mimic the best from the best.  It will never work.
When you click on &#34;Zac Brown&#34; it comes up with the Zac Brown from the country band, Zac Brown Band and all their albums, making you think that this is a recording with that Zac Brown.  Which it is not.  This should be fixed as fans of the country Zac Brown Band are being misled to think this is him.
I bought this because I think Richard Crooks is one of the very greatest tenors. I love his limpid, clear, warm voice.I also have nearly all of his recordings on 78rpm disks. So I was interested in getting this because it of the title, the broadcasts of ...They don't seem to be broadcasts to me, merely his 78s in the worst sound I've ever encountered in all my long career as a record collector.There are times when the needle obviously slips out of the groove, and you can hear echos, skipping, everything that is bad. A great pity and a disservice to a very fine singer.
The original album of these songs is titles "Take It On Home", which I  have  on LP and cassette and these downloads are horrible by comparison. Listening to these downloads, you can tell  these are not from the original  mix...Do  yourself a favor, pass on this  and pick up the LP and see just how great Steve sounded on this recording.
The songs are not performed by the original artists, they are all cover bands. Already mentioned by another reviewer, but I was foolish and bought this before I read the reviews, hope you don't do the same.
AWFUL. NOT THE REAL THING. AND FOR A RIP-OFF ITS PRETTY BAD. Just don't waste your money on it. I was stupid enough to.
Hell, such a waste of money to buy this.I did not know that the music was not from the original singer.Hell, I want my money back if I could.
PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS!!! I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN IT WAS A RIP OFF WHEN IT WAS $9 FOR 40 SONGS! PLEASE DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID. I REALLY SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS FIRST.... X(
These are not the original songs by the great artist who performed the hits,  these are just knock-offs of each hit trying to make a quick buck!  Better get the "Now 39" which has the actual hits
This album is a cheap bootleg from Russia. The quality is bad and not comparable with the originals. You should download only legal material from CHILLY in perfect quality. Find all the legal albums here at AmazonJohnny Loves Jenny Special Edition Maxi Singles new mixFor Your Love new mix 2014Secret Lies new Mix 2014Showbiz New Mix 2014The Chilly Gold(B.B.M. Remix)
remix, not the original, horrible version. Now I will need to delete it. Its too bad I can't return it.
I was hoping this was a mix of real songs there all garbage. Miss leadingshould have been more clear these arnt the real songs
Come on,this is actually more than one band playing the same song over & over?Really?I almost fell asleep during the 1st sample.
I'm not saying she has no talent, but halfway through her set the Bar Mitzvah boy's dad stopped the music and announced that the party was over, his son isn't Jewish after all, and everyone please leave their gifts and go home
The first review above sounds like the composer giving himself a 5-star review.In reality, it's terrible, just plain terrible. Sounds nothing like the original, arrangement's all over the place, note's are completely wrong.Thought the German Wonderweapon CD trash was bad, this is exponentially worse. Avoid!
Like the original song but the sound quality is terrible for this version. Sounds like it was recorded directly from a car radio.
No longer will I buy this girls music as what she did at the Grammy's in 2012 proved that she is some form of DEVIL WORSHIPPER. Previously I did not know her views until that parade, then I read other interviews she did and realize that this girl is sick. Now, when I hear her music on the radio I switch my station. I bought this music before realizing all that... The quality is good, but the message is BAD!
I made the mistake to not notice it was a tribute.for what it is, it is not terrible , but it is not what I thought it was.
This is AWFUL! The original is a thousand times better.If this is the first time you've heard this song ina very long time and you are nostalgic then youshould first listen to the original on YouTube via a Billy Jackclip. This is a crap remake, trust me. Jinx Dawson sangthe best version (which appeared in "Billy Jack". Thetrue original was by "Original Caste", which is pretty decent, too.
please do not buy this compilation, it is a BAD version of the ORIGINAL serie produced by Franck Pourcel's producerall titles have been downloaded from the internet and reshaped under this new coverthis is a shame!
This is not a real compilation. 2NE1 is not signed to any Danger in Sound label, the album cover shown is for their album "To Anyone", and the titles are missing spaces and aren't even in the right order for an album. The bonus track is in the middle of the song list. Fire doesn't have a main version. I don't think there are even any official remixes of that song. This is just one of the many albums being sold on Amazon that aren't the real thing. If you want the real albums, buy it off of iTunes because that's the only place YG is currently selling MP3s to the US market.
Note that all the songs listed on this release are NOT by Ohio's charming trio of sister singers, The McGuire Sisters!  Hokey Pokey, in particular, is by some inferior trio that could begin to match the quality of the REAL McGuire Sisters.
I mean NOWHERE, in NO biography of the Beatles, including Mark Lewisohn's exhaustivly researched new book on their early years, have I ever heard anything about Stuart Sutcliffe ever recording anything,ever, with or without the beatles. He wasnt even there when The Beatles backed Tony Sheridan on a recording, even tho he was a member of the band still when they did. Unless whoever it is that is selling this thing wants to explain where and when, and how and with who else, dont bother. Thats my advice. Incedently, why do you think it is that there is no info on the recording details??? Nothing at all. Don't be fooled. I mean really tho, if this thing had been genuine, there would have been a cover story about it in "Rolling Stone". I hate people who fake this sort of thing
Sounds fake to me....Sounds like the same singer who played Stu in Birth Of The Beatles, and it is in the same key, even if it isn't the same take. And BOTH versions are in the same key and style and tempo as Percy Sledge's 1966 cover of the tune.A very unlikely coincidence, IMO....The chance of this song actually being Stuart Sutcliffe is pretty slim....I would be very interested in learning more about the provenance of the tape,where and when the instrumental overdubs were performed, and a bit more concerning the initial recording itself.And why it is that no mention, no rumor of this recording has ever been documented in the nearly 50 years since it was supposedly made, with all the intense press scrutiny of all the people surrounding the Beatles, their Hamburg days, and their friends (Klaus, Jurgen, Astrid, etc).....More information needs to be forthcoming on this track.
I think I wa half asleep when I ordered this and didn't really listen to the sample...no more late night ordering for me...I am cut off!
My fiancee and I purchased this thinking we were getting the original songs in a wedding album. To our horror, we discovered that it was instead a collection of possibly the worst covers known to mankind. I don't know how much they were charged for the rights to do these covers, but it was not nearly enough. I wouldn't recommend anyone buy this album if they could get the whole thing for 99 cents. Avoid this collection!
Not the real version, or even a remix. It's just the song with a guy singing it with an auto-tuned, robotic voice. It literally made my ears bleed. I love One Direction, and this doesnt even sound like the original at all. Don't waste your money,
Not happy with this.  I didn't realize that it was a tribute version.  I wanted the real song.  Just not the same.
I like Eydie with the Trio Los panchos and have a &#34;complete&#34; collection of them together and  the Trio separately. But what a weird selection she has put together on I FEEL SO SPANISH! Not only were the songs poorly chosen, she also finds herself quite lost in her treatment of each. I listened to the samples and that was enough! I'm going to put on some of her stuff with the Trio.-- right now!
This album is incorrect.....the tracks are mixed, duplicate or simply missing. It used to be listed as "40 Classic Songs For Thanksgiving Dinner" and the errors were there as well.....looks like it was simply renamed and reposted with a small change/mixing to the track titles but the errors are still there. Don't waste your time with this.
I tried to download this file three diferent times and still can't get it to play.Ive downloaded mp3 files from other sites with little or no problem.
This doesn't actually have anything to do with video games, it's just 2 different version of "Video Games" be Lana del Ray, who if you ask me isn't very good at singing anyways, and then it's "video killed the radio star".  This is one of the worst and most misleading collections of music available on the Amazon Music Download Store.  If you were expecting music from video games, this is not that.  If you like Lana del Ray, I would advise just buying it from her album, cuz I have no idea who's getting the royalties if you buy it here, I've never heard of "Video Games, Inc." whom the song is credited to on this album.  Long story short, don't buy this garbage, they don't even deserve the $2.97 they're trying to gyp you out of.
Not the true artists.  Didn't notice and bought the thing. Don't make the same mistake I did.  Lori Burress u
This is the sung by a group called the Yesterdays. Not the Beatles. I was dissapointed even though it was my own fault for not noticing.
This is not the Beatles. At least it was only $6 I wasted...broke my own rule and did not read the review: (
I had thought when I purchased this "album" that it was the original Beatles.  Just listening to the music convinced me otherwise.  The interpretations of the Beatles' music were poor.  I only found out after purchasing this music that the only place to purchase the original music was on iTunes.  This album was so bad that I asked for my money back and I deleted it from the cloud.
i THOUGHT THIS WAS THE BEATLES, NOT SOME UNKNOWN GROUP. I SHOULD HAVE READ ON. SO I'AM VERY DISAPPOINTED AND UNHAPPY
WARNING!!!! NOT THE BEATLES!!!  Bought this without noticing.  Now I feel like an idiot.  Songs and album are poor substitutes.  Looking at the reviews, I am not the only one to make this mistake.
Its not the Beatles, Its a cover band. I wanted the actual Beatles album, not a cover bands album. Thanks
I didn't realize this was not the original singers.  Not worth the price I paid :(  It has a very Keroke sound and feel to it.  If I could return and get my money back, I would have.
"Stylings by Nero" is not Pianist Peter Nero.  There is literally no piano anywhere on the album.  Some interesting string arrangements of various standards, but...Also, after I realized that this wasn't the Peter Nero I was expecting, I went to both his site and AllMusic to check out his discography, neither of which include an album called "Stylings by Nero".  Doh!!And finally, the sound quality is representative of a well-worn record converted to MP3, complete with popping.I assume I'm the first to leave a review because others listened to the available samples, noted lack of piano and weren't feeling as adventurous as I was. :-)
There's a reason kids rebelled in the 60's. Except for the show music (which is excellent) this is boring beyond belief.
I have every album, every CD, and several of the reel to reel and cassette tapes that Gloria Loring has made. I even have some recordings I made in the late 60s and early 70s of the TV appearances Gloria made, which were mostly recorded at 1&7/8 ips, with the sound source being a 2 inch TV speaker transduced by a microphone which was only designed for dictation. ALL of these media sound better than these MP3 files!I can relate to the difficulty people have trying to reclaim music from antiquated sound sources. I have made many attempted to salvage music from records and tapes myself, and I have never been very happy with the result. Be that as it may ... I can still say by virtue of my own experience, these MP3s are terrible! I don't know what kind of processing this stuff has been through but there is almost nothing left. The fidelity and dynamic range are gone and even some of the musical instruments in the accompaniment have been filtered into oblivion. About all that remains are the characteristics of the way she articulated the words, and the rhythm of her musical style. If you have no other option for hearing these renditions then perhaps you will find some value in these `sound bites' but for me personally, I would prefer to hear a raw recording with the hiss, rumble, clicks, or whatever distractions are involve, rather than only hearing the 25% of the audio that the electronic filtering didn't remove.If you've been a fan of her music for 45 years (like me) maybe playing these files will bring backs some good memories, but if you don't have the memories to `mentally' restore the songs, hearing them this way is just going to make you wonder why anyone would have ever listened to her sing at all. Sadly, this is a one star product.
Was not as advertised. Description said performance track with vocal demonstration. Vocal demonstration, but no performance track! Only $.99, but just the priciple.
If i could return for my money back i would. I had the flu when listening to the samples and in my delirium thought it sounded good.
Elvis impersonators are bad enough, but the conceit of this misbegotten project -- a collection of songs popularized by the likes of Celine Dion and David Foster performed in woeful Elvis caricature -- marks a new low in crass exploitation.  For all his cartoonish, over-the-top swagger, our would-be Elvis proves his non-connection with the genuine article by covering John Lennon's "Imagine," an undeniably great song but one Elvis would have steered clear of because of it's "Imagine there's no Heaven..." lyric.  Sad.
I had to buy this for a friend, and I am sorry I did. I am ashamed of buying this. It is absolutely awful.
Not at all the same exciting characters and story. It is heavy with religious overtones, and Dr. Middos seams reluctant to speak, no enthusiasm. The music is not at all like the classic type, and even the &#34;Middos&#34; spoken about are way too yeshivish. I did not like the Middos iPod idea either.
It's hard enough to shop for MP3s here with all the karaoke mixed in, these remakes are killing me. I don't have a use for the versions I'm not used to on the radio. If I love a band so much I need more versions of a song, I'm not going to seek them out this way in a various artists mix.
This CD comprises re-workings of songs by some famous artists.Unfortunately, this was not made clear in any product description.The item was returned.
I thought there would be good music on here, but it seems like these are all "too new" artists and don't know how to make good music.
"Amateurish", like Jaime (user that wrote the Electro...FLOP? review) stated, definitely sums this up.I agree with him that the lyrics to 'Hand Dance' are awful, and 'Too Much Too Handle' does sound like a bad Borat/Fabio/Depeche Mode mash-up (haha).In addition, 'Do You Remember My Name' reminds me of Weird Al, and the vocalist on 'Phone Me' sounds like a terrible version of present-day Dave Gahan.I had heard 'Higher Ground' prior to this. I like it, although it isn't one of my favorites by Tenek (try 'Visions', 'Loose Connection', or 'The Grid').The other track I found slightly tolerable was 'Into The Night'.Verdict: free electropop music = WIN. Unfortunately, a great bulk of this sampler is boring, obnoxious, and/or embarrassing.
This is a weird, much lower-quality track than their original. The lead singer makes this gross groaning noise at the end and it really ruins the whole song. Back up and go find the radio version.
I bought this thinking it was karoake, but instead it's second rate singers. Spend your money on the original Nat King Cole!
don't buy this. blah- these are covers, not the actual songs.  sucks.  waste of time and disk space.
I bought this on amazon yesterday.  I saw an excellent song lineup and saw a good price so I snatched it up.  The MP3's work fine, but they are not the real artists!  These are cover songs.  Though, the sales description does not say this anywhere.  Shame on you Amazon.  I would return this if I could.
Covers only. You get what you pay for usually, but they are SO bad. What a waste of my time. And money. I am asking for my money back.
The sound quality was not clear at all. I don't know if it is the Kindle Fire. I expected to sound as like I was playing Iheart Radio but it didn't.
I would give this a -10 stars but that wasnt an option.  Was not clear that it was a knock off. I hope amazon provides refunds, hard to tell on the 15 sec sampler that didnt sound like the radio version. I may switch who i buy mp3s from.
Extremely dissappointed! Amazon most definitly should post when music is NOT BY THE ORIGINAL ARTIST! Put this on my hand held mp3 player to find I had been duped! Very upset with Amazon, will probably purchase from Google from now on!
Total waste of money. Not happy at all.  These are all cover artists. None are the original songs. Won't be bothering with amazon music anymore pretty misleading and unreliable!
This product needs a warning that the songs aren't sung by the original artists.  I was happy to find all songs I wanted to download in one place and paid $.99 per song. I paid a premium price for karaoke.  I'm sticking with iTunes to buy my music.
This is an entire cd filled with popular song sung by random people! These are not the actual artists!! I was paying for what i thought was the real songs by the actual artists and to my surprise none of them are!! NOT worth your money!
I admit, I did not take the time to sample the tracks before making my purchase, I glanced at the titles and saw a bunch of recent top 40 tracks and then I saw a low price, and snatched it up.  Not until I played in my car the next mornining did I even catch that it is not the real deal.  I've never returned a digital purchase and not even sure if its possible, but I'm going to give that a shot.
I'd leave a zero stars if it let me. I thought that these would be originals (should have looked at reviews). Instead, they are essentially fake versions of popular songs. This is incredibly dishonest. Thankfully, Amazon was willing to refund my money. Shame on you for intentionally cheating people.
There were only two songs that my family enjoyed.  The rest of them sound all alike. That being said, Three2U harmonize better then any group I have ever heard and if they would do a more cohesive uniformed album I would buy it just for the way they blend.
I remember back in 1974 buying Robert Lamm's solo debut 'Skinny Boy' and what a disappointment that was -fast forward 40 years and we have another Lamm solo record where he's producing this synthesised computerised lounge music. I gave up on Chicago many years ago but occassionally listen to Mr Lamm's efforts and I'm always amazed how his sound has changed and been compromised. I'm not living in the past but this is the chap that wrote most of the songs on the the first 5 records from Chicago. I'm intrigued how the innovative ideas were put in the bin for 40 years and how Lamm became a manufactured crooner. I know what time it is.
Robert Lamm is certainly one to be admired.  He's written and sung some of the best-known signature tunes for Chicago.  At 68 years old, his voice is still amazing.  It seems as though Chicago tours every year, and puts out new music every few years--you simply have to admire that kind of dedication to keeping it going against all odds.  I believe the departure of Bill Champlin from the band is huge, but I'm sure they'll continue to soldier on.A lot of Lamm's material has a similar sensibility/approach to one of my favorite writer/performers, Donald Fagen.  I enjoyed his "Subtlety and Passion" record--not extraordinary, but certainly pleasant, with some well done tunes.  I have NOT heard any of the interim records he's done between "Skinny Boy" and "Subtlety."That being said, "Living Proof" is a real disappointment.  In fact, it is an olio of mostly mediocre material, much of which is done in a style that doesn't fit or complement the "Robert Lamm" style we all know and love.  Two songs are outstanding: "Living Proof," and "Out of the Blue."  The rest is just a bunch of throwaway grooves that don't mesh together cohesively at all.  Probably stuff rejected by his band, although the trademark horns (and Jason Scheff) are present here and there.I don't agree with the comments made that this is "cutting-edge" music.  Lamm sounds like he is trying too hard when he brings in contemporary sampled sounds and rhythms, in order to be sorta relevant in today's music milieu.  And what is this Polish chick Zosia doing on here?  Weird.  Please...keep it trad, Dad.Better luck next time, Robert.  You've still got the chops, so take more time to hone material using your jazz sensibility (rather than these hapless pop attempts) and create your masterpiece!
This album sucks I wish I had spent money on the real artists this.is terrible wish I hadn't wasted my money!
I purchased this for my daughter to have for her 10th birthday party and was very disappointed that it is only the music and no words on the screen.  Turns out it is worthless to us and a waste of money because I now have to look for something else to purchase.
Do not purchase! These are not the original artists. Hoping Amazon will refund my money because it does NOT state this anywhere.
Really? Trying to duplicate the 60's?? Who's the audience for this??? Sort of a nice try trying to do the girl group sound...and even a mono mix on the first track! How archaic!
I want to support Mblaq, but this album makes me question how legitimate it is.  It's a pity, because I want to buy Korean music but seeing that there are no official "Lie to Me" albums consisting of all these Mblaq songs, I have to avoid purchasing from here.  I want to support the artist, not the person who grouped the songs together.
I only got three of the songs that I paid for. The other 7 downloaded all choppy or not at all. I enjoy the music, but not this product download. It could be my laptop(which is not even a couple years old)? Not worth it.
Tried to find the Carly Rae Jepsen song and this looked very much like it and the preview music was like it but that's all it is, music with no singing. Very disappointed. I want my 99 cents back.
This is a FAKE album.  This album was not released by U-KISS; this album was not released by U-KISS's record labels Avex Trax (for Japanese singles)/NH Media (Korean singles).  The artist will earn ZERO PROFIT when this album is purchased.
As the other reviewer stated, this is not an official release. It sounds like someone ripped off songs from Youtube and compiled it together here. Amazon, please remove this product.
The sound was distorted and had very low dynamic range (mostly one volume level).  A couple of years ago I purchased this album on vinyl and using a cheap Radio Shack turntable connected to my stereo I connected the stereo line-out to my computer's  audio-in jack, and then used a basic digital recording program to digitize the album.  The end product had rumble and a few ticks here and there but it was usable.  When I saw Amazon offering a digital version of it I jumped at it expecting a professional conversion with CD quality.  Boy! Was I wrong!  After listening to all the tracks (to be sure that it wasn't just 1 or 2 tracks that were bad) I deleted the Amazon version and went back to my own conversion.  I emailed Amazon and told them of my experience and they politely refunded my money.
this song was really bad and i don't even know why i bought it! The singers were good but i just don't  like that version
yikes? i'm 40 and pretty hip to my four young kids music, but 'personally' i find this especially difficult to listen to.
It's not what I expected. Wrong instrumental version. You can't hear the whole thing before purchase, so you don't know. I'm not likely to use this service again, unless I know EXACTLY what I'm getting. The price is right, but I don't want what I received.
I think this "tribute" sucks! I bought it on accident, thinking it was the actual song w/Justin. I didn't paid attention to the word "tribute"...duh! It has no words whatsoever and sounds like the same notes over and over.
This is not Justin Beiber and is a waste of money! Read before purchasing because you may make the same mistake as myself.
A lousy remake! Pass on this one. Not worth the purchase. I deleted it from my iTunes library and bought the original.
so im gonna have to say, average dubstep sound and an average dubstep level of interesting music. if you like dubstep you'll probably like this but forget it quickly. if your a new listener, find something else to get into the genre before this one kills your interest.
Warning this is not TONI CHILDS.  She herself has said that to her fans.  Please do not support this person who is trying to make money off of Toni.
Do not buy this song --- it is a fake. This is not the musician Toni Childs who recorded this song. She posted on her own facebook acct that an imposter is putting this on the web and is in no way associated with her.
I love how she &#34;works&#34; that violin.  I heard her at a festival and couldn't wait to purchase the CD.
Somehow they pushed this version into the line-up when I was searching for different versions from the original performers, Soft Cell. This is not that. I guess with the artist line being the name of the song, it didn't click with me that I wasn't buying what I thought I was until I had clicked the button. They got me for a dollar, not a crisis, but if you're looking for the original, be careful to check the artist line.
Somebody needs to do his homework before trying to sell an album that isn't even what it claims to be. Very disappointing.
These are musical back tracks without lyrics.  The downloads contain only the music (MP3) and no graphics.  This should not be called karaoke.
Got sucked into not looking that its not the real artists.Typical newbie mistake.REALLY BAD IMHO!Live and learn 10 bucks poorer
The previews sounded pretty good but it got worse as I listened to it. Save your money, not good covers
Really sorry that I bought this.wouldn't do it again be careful when buying music from here read ads closely.other then this really happy with Amazon
I was very disapointed I wasted my $$$$ on this but it was my fault for not lisning to the samples closely
These are all songs recorded by some cover artist band, nothing original, talk about disappointing, great songs sung and played by some anonymous ripoff cover band.  Boooooo
I was looking for some old time rock , something with a lot of artist on it . But this is crazy it's people who think they can sing and mess up great hits of the 80's .
Whoever this Hallmark label is owned by, they've did it again! See my review of "The Lonesome Sound of Hank Williams" for a previous write-up about how crappy it is.Essentially, when one thinks MP3 download, you're at least thinking decently cleaned up recordings more than likely from the master tapes. Heck, even a good LP that's been digitally mastered sounds okay.This recording, as well as Lonesome Sound, are sourced from a very crappy quality LP. I don't know if this company is using flea market finds and sourcing them from a USB turntable but these are horrible. I keep a sub hooked up to my system and it blends in perfectly even on LP's. When I play this, my sub starts rumbling from all of the surface noise present in the recording.On a better note, Amazon is refunding my purchase price. Steer away from this and find it on an actual CD!
Worst mish mash of cover bands ever. Totally out of context of the movies it represents. Very poor production quality.
I was looking for the original instrumental of the Alex Clare pop song, but this sounds like someone made it on a Casio.  This is just another reason to pirate it.
Yes, it is "Karaoke version" if you already know the words.  But it doesn't display words when I play it in my karaoke software.  I wanted this to learn the french while I sing it, so I need to see the words.If you're looking for lyrics, you want mp3+g which often has a file ending of .cdg .  This ain't that.
When you look for a good music collection, you would expect a seamless one. This is a rag tag one, with songs from different eras does not work at all, and to add insult to injury, it uses remakes. Then again, you get what you pay for.
CD was mastered at a speed that was faster than the original LP speed - as a result, the tone and tempo of the recording are significantly off; I have a cherished but worn copy of the original LP which have recorded from a high quality turntable to a CD and in spite of the scratches, pops and skips of that recording, it is a significantly better recording that what was burnt into this CD.The original recording was incredibly beautiful, but this CD is not. Not sure if it is just the recording of this individual CD, but I have played it on several CD players, and in all cases, the speed is too fast, and this reproduction is NOT high fidelity.
This is a really poor re-recording of these wonderful songs. Please save your money. Purchase the individual songs by the original artists. Amazon should never sell trash like this.
Not the original recording, rather a lame stipped down version.!!!Amazon should have labeled this as a later re-recorded song.
''Illusions' is very interesting but it's a bootleg of course as no way would the estate of Elvis or Universal music agree to this. Also 'I Know Better Now' is a mash-up put together by a DJ friend of mine! Buyer beware.
This has to be the worst TBS cd ever. I am a huge fan of their old stuff, however, this cd was so poppy and horrible it is evident they have sold out. I recomend their old cd's if you want to hear the true TBS. Do not buy this CD or waste the time or money to download it. You have been warned!!!
This was a complete theft of money. The track plays the music but does not provide the graphics for people to sing the karaoke. This is the same for all Amazon karaoke tracks, and they don't refund the money. Biggest ripoff and should be a class action theft by deception law suit.
I bought the product cause it sounded good but then it would not let me get back to where I could download it.
The sound quality is not good, and it doesn't have the lyrics that go with the aong. If you&#8217;re looking for music for a karaoke party I suggest looking elsewhere.
Only listened to the first one, but that's not the original recording. Sounds like some cheap cover. I don't even understand how this is legit.
If this had been a mixtape of actual artists, then I would have enjoyed it. Unfortunately, it is just a group of unknowns.
Who the hell released this 8-bit, Super Mario inspired, disaster?  The producer must have been deaf.  Someone needs to be punished for releasing this...  This should never have seen the light of day!
I reviewed the song before I bought it and its not the song I wanted. Does anyone know how to get your money back?
Thought I was buying the original. The tribute is mediocre and was a disappointment to listen to, I reccomend passing on this one.
I have had the original Michelle Branch CD since its inception. I know all the notes by heart and ear, and this is just painful to listen to. I'm really not sure how this even got onto Amazon. Please use auto-tune to fix this. It's just bad. I'm sorry for me, I'm sorry for you, I'm sorry for anybody else who loves Michelle Branch.
New to this, didn't realize I was not getting the original Gnarls Barkley, Crazy. Any way I can get refunded and get the original? Did the same thing with. Rhiana and Eminem on Stand there and watch me burn.....can't stand these versions. Sorry
I bought this thinking it was Elton's version.  Don't make the same mistake I made!  It is a tribute album by an unknown group.
During order Memory from Cat, my kid was mistakenly click on this song. We tried to return or void but we find no option.  I hope there is an option to return or void it. For example, first 10 minutes user should allow to exchange it.
What I was looking for was a recording of Carol Burnett's theme song - performed by Carol Burnett herself.  Apparently, such a recording is not available for purchase, so I purchased this recording for $1.00.  I should have seen that the recording is only 46 seconds long.  The recording is of only the FIRST verse!  What a ripoff!
NICE PICTURE OF CONNIE FRANCIS (FROM HERE &#34;FOR MAMA&#34; LP) ON AN EILEEN RODGERS DOWNLOAD....THEY DON'T HAVE A CLUE...  WOW
Songs are a little dated, but I knew that from the track list. However, they all sound the same and worse, they are NOT MIXED TOGETHER! Big fail.
Horrible music. She can't sing at all! Her voice sounds like a man. She can't hold or reach high notes. All of the songs have more vocal than music. Like I mentioned earlier, her vocal is untasteful. She needs a new career ... This &#34;album&#34; is just as bad as her other one.
It really is like someone played a cruel joke and said "hey check out this awesome new music I just discovered but you have to close your eyes" then they pull down their pants and fart directly into your ear.This IS the best way to describe Al Walser experience.
I heard this guy was nominated for the Grammy's this year so i did some research on his song and came to this page from his youtube video. All i can say is HOW? WHAT? WHY? This is not a dance song it has me scratching my head more than anything. May i suggest looking up artists such at Hardwell, Wolfgang Gartner, Porter Robinson, Above & Beyond or better yet google Beatport top 100. ANY song on there will fuel your dance parties all night long
When I saw the Grammy nominees for Best Dance Recording, I was surprised to see an artist I hadn't heard of.Alonside Avicii, Calvin Harris, Skrillex, and Swedish House Mafia was DJ Al Walser...Had I been living under a rock to have not heard of this Grammy-nominated sensation?!Well, long story short, "I Can't Live Without You" killed my dog and gave me AIDS. 0/10 Would not listen again.
THE REBECCA BLACK OF EDM. THIS IS A JOKE, DON'T KNOW WHY HE GOT NOMINATED . WHY COULDN'T PORTER ROBINSON OR DIPLO GET PICKED?
I really didn't like this. It was ( in my opinion ) not very good and I encourage you not to buy it.
Of course everyone knows that this is NOT the hardcore / metal band from the early 1980's that owns a International copyright under the Berne convention to this band name - NO ALIBI - BUFFALO, NEW YORK USA
Using this song for Man of Steel would be like hanging fuzzy green dice from the rear view mirror of a Lamborghini Reventon and putting a "my kid beat up your honor student" sticker on the bumper.
I hope that no one ever pays tribute to me like this. I'm sorry I wasted my MP3 credit on this one.
Very dissapointed in this CD. None of the good soul sounding tracks or a good a ddance number . Rather bland for such a powerful voice.
I'm not an audio purist - but the sound quality of this CD is just all bunched up. Of the tunes from this CD published on YouTube - the YouTube versions have a much better sound quality.I ripped one of tunes from the CD into SoundForge - and was amazed (actually disappointed) that a large portion of the waves forms are clipped - some substantially so. Add to it that there is an occasional "crackle" across the CD. I attempted to restore some of the dynamics - but I found myself asking 'why?" I can just go out to Youtube and listen to the better version there.So much for spending the bucks. I won't say this was a waste of money - but the production company needs to get a clue. Not all of us have down graded to micro sound components.
I am sorry that I bought this song it has a woman singing on it, I believe it was a karaoke song, not a Karaoke singer  singing the song,  Very disappointed. :(
a few foul words~deleted all most as quick as I added. No thanks.  Wished I had previewed before excepting. no
This product sounded awful. It was hard to follow the melody, to know where to sing the lyrics. Not Good.
I deleted this as soon as I heard what it was.  Junk I want to hear Bette sing and sing
The original hit of Disco Duck was by Rick Dees, and this ain't it. At this writing, I can't find the original for sale on Amazon as an MP3, but it's available on CD as part ofSuper Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day, Vol. 20andCelebration of Discoand possibly others. It's not the instant gratification of an MP3 download, but you'd probably prefer getting the original by buying one of the CDs. The used prices aren't bad at all.
I am glad that I only paid 99 cents!  I guess it's in the style of the Fugees but it sounds like it's being sung by classically trained singers.  The opera meets hip hop is not what I was expecting!
None of the songs are done by the original artists.  The vocalists are pretty good, whomever they are, but having listened to the majority of the songs done by the original artists it's quite a let down.  I would be doubtful if any of the royalties from this purchase make it back to the original artists as well.  If that isn't the case and can be substantiated I'd be willing to give this more starts.
How this music seems to transcend time.I hear echos of early Jefferson Airplane sometimes. Then other fine musical numbers grow on you as if it were so natural. I enjoy this work with repeated listening and look forward to more work from this band.
I have ALL of RuPaul's previous music (all the way back from "Supermodel"!) But after creating a dynasty of "charisma. uniqueness, nerve & talent" why would RuPaul ever release this messy, off-key mixed bag? Even her cameo and Lucien's auto-tune can't save this one. Sorry, Mama Ru, I love ya, but you should be ashamed of this. I suppose the only saving grace is that a portion of the proceeds go to help a worthy charity. Do yourself a favor, donate directly to the charity and save your ears. "That's all."
No disrespect to any of the artists on this album, but this album's production is beyond horrible and in no way should it be considered a tribute to Donna Summer.  Maybe they should have called it "Girls night out Karaoke tribute"  Music production is cheap on the set and an embarrassment.Go back and listen to the ORGINAL DONNA SUMMER songs.  She was an original and had a unique great sound, and great production teams behind her.  Don't waste your money on this one.
While Mr. Jackson has a huge talent and a large following, his decision to record a disk SO extremely apart from what his fan base was hoping for and expecting, is a major disappointment. For those of us hoping for something more in the realm of his recording with Michael Feinstein, this disk has no redeeming value.
Stay clear of this band word has it from good sources they ripped off folks on their kickstarter crowd funder for this record
I listened to a couple of songs on a popular venue before downloading them from this album. They weren't the same. It's really too bad the artist doesn't make an acoustic album and never mind trying to &#34;rock&#34; or &#34;jazz&#34; the folk tunes. She has a strong and beautiful voice, terrific range and wonderful emotive ability; and with just the &#34;primitive&#34; drum, the music sends shivers. With the rock beat and even the guitar thrown in in the middle, it turns the whole thing junky. Not what I wanted at all and I ended up deleted both songs after I paid for them.
This sucks! Waste of money! I bought it without listening to it!!
This is not the original recordings. I have no idea who is performing or why, but this is a sham. Don't bother with this and get a proper release. I feel completely ripped off. I can respect that maybe some band members put this together to make a few bucks, but there is no notice that I could find that said these are rerecordings.
This artist or her company pays for reviews on amazon and itunes, by hiring cyber peasants at a 50 cents a review.
This file would not open for me once I had downloaded it. It says it is the wrong kind of file.
Just a cheap knock-off.  Not the original. Amazon should be ashamed to sell this song. I could have done this with a synthesizer and a PC mic.
I am a huge Jon McLaughlin fan and I love his music, but I found this CD to be a snooze fest. All 12 songs sound the same to me, boring. My favorite albums are 'Indiana' and 'Promising Promises' both 5 star albums in my opinion. I was really looking forward to listening to his new stuff, man was I disappointed. After reading the other customer reviews here I thought I couldn't go wrong. Do yourself a favor, listen to a few samples of the songs before you buy it. I wish I had.
Love & Gravity continues Mary Fahl's descent into the abyss of artistic irrelevancy.  What a shame.  She is such an incredible singer, and truly has a once-in-a-generation type voice.  And she's no studio creation, because live she is an even better singer than on recording.However, her solo career has been a complete and total misfire, because Mary Fahl believes that she should be singing her own songs (or, in her own words as she said at a concert I attended, "I'm a songwriter now!").  Being a songwriter, or more properly, a meaningful songwriter, involves a lot more than coming up with sequences of notes and nice words.  Let's put it this way:  As a songwriter, she is no Lennon/McCartney.  She's certainly not anything close to the caliber of Emil Adler/Julie Flanders.  She's perhaps at the level of accomplishment of a Martha Genraud (and don't ask me who Martha Genraud is).  To put it in context, Fahl's songs make Gene Simmons' songs seem like the second coming of Pete Townshend.So here we have a new self-published collection of songs, mostly hers, none of which would make the cut on any other group's CD.  I can say with 100% confidence that if Mary Fahl didn't record her own songs, no one else would even touch them, and no record company would accept even one of them.  She's in no danger of having other artists make a tribute album to her music.  I'm sorry to say it, but these songs are largely terrible--not because they're offensive, but because they're so indistinct and lacking in merit.  It's heartbreaking.  [You may wonder how it is that my review is so negative compared to all these other reviews which are so positive.  Look at who most of those reviewers are--the "five star brigade" that is her friends and family, people who have shown up on Amazon only to review her music.  There's a word for these sorts of reviews: shill.  That's not to say there aren't some bona fide reviews here too.  But not many.]As just one example of the shortcomings of Fahl's songwriting, consider "Exiles." It starts promisingly enough, great drumbeat, interesting instrumentation--the song seems to be going somewhere, building towards something. And then when you reach what should be the climax, the expected payoff that this is all building towards, there's just...a void. The payoff never materializes. And this is one of the better songs, mind you.Mary, I hope you read this message.  You have one of the truly great voices of our times.  I mean it--you're an amazing talent.  I saw you live with October Project somewhere around 7 times and never once were you anything less than brilliant.  You have an exceptional voice and with the right material you're completely transporting--truly at the level of such a great as Mahalia Jackson (albeit in an entirely different genre).  I've now seen you live twice since you left OP.  Both times you sang incredibly well, but the shows were hugely disappointing to everyone I went with (the first was a group of 6, the second just two of us), because the songs you sang--your songs--were at best unmemorable.  The concerts were lifeless.  And the overall experience was depressing, because we all know what you're capable of.If October Project was not the right artistic vehicle for you, that's fine and no one would fault you for feeling that way--even those of us who think otherwise.  But you should realize that your talents lie solely in your voice and amazing singing abilities, and certainly not in your substandard songwriting, and even less so (if that's imaginable) in your nightmare-inducing guitar-playing.  I won't really go there, but let's just say your guitar-playing is terrible and it drove me insane, because all you do in concert is repeat the exact same pattern over and over and over and over (and over!) again in every song, to the point that it was unbearable to listen to.  It's the musical equivalent of Chinese water torture.If you couldn't realize your artistic ambitions with OP, then you should find another group with one or more strong songwriters whose songs are worthy of your exceptional talents.  But to continue recording such unworthy songs you write, playing them badly, and then thinking that you're fulfilling your artistic potential, is worse than delusional.  It's an outright waste of your exceptional talent.  Most singers would kill to sing half as well as you do.  But sadly, it seems to me you don't even respect your own abilities, because you're frittering your talent away on material that is so far beneath you.Maybe those close to you won't level with you and tell you what's obvious.  I certainly don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is, you deserve far better than your own songs.UPDATE 1/10/2014:  Let's look at some statistics. "Love and Gravity" is released on October 15. Within 15 days, 8 gushing five-star reviews suddenly appear, most of which are from either first-time reviewers or people who really don't regularly review. And mind you, this is for an MP3 release, not even a CD, and with no retail distribution whatsoever. Hmmm.Then there are 7 subsequent reviews, some of which are extremely positive (and appear to be legitimate) but there are a couple of reviews that paint a different picture.I posted a very critical review on January 6, four days ago. There's no reaction for two days, but on the third day after my review appeared (January 9), four negative comments and 6 "unhelpful" ratings SUDDENLY show up within hours of one another (and more accurately, the bulk of them appeared within 3 hours of each other).  And by January 10 (and the day is not over yet), a total of 6 negative comments and 10 "unhelpful" ratings have appeared on my review.  And all of these have appeared within a grand total of 24 hours of one another!Very interesting. Word travels fast, I guess.As the saying goes, "do the math."To summarize, as of right now, there are a total of 15 reviews of "Love and Gravity."  10 out of 15 appear to be obvious shills (with the mandatory, gushing five-star rating, of course).  5 out of 15 appear to be legitimate arm's-length reviews, of which 3 are favorable, and 2 are unfavorable.
I am new to Amazon cloud . I mistanly purchased this and I don't want it. I will never listen to it
There are no artists listed and I did not realize that these were just karaoke versions of the songs before I purchased it. THESE SONGS ARE NOT BY THE ORIGINAL ARTISTS.
I did not like the style of his singing. I have one other cd by John that is so great  that I play it all the time over and over. It is a much earlier recording and his voice and style is so great. But I was very disappointed with this cd. I love the old style. I will probably never play this cd again. Money wasted.
For those of us who cherish the recordings of clarinetist Matty Matlock, this album is a supreme disappointment. I always am on the lookout for albums Matty did that I wasn't aware of. I don't know who this singer is, but it ain't the Matty Matlock I grew up listening to.
HOW I MISSED THIS WAS A SINGLE, I DON'T HAVE A CLUE. WHAT A RIPOFF.  I was charged over $10 for this.BEWARE OTHER BUYERS.READ CAREFULLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Song good, but feel dupppped
The details made it seemed like the whole record and the cost was similar to buying the whole CD.  It was just one song and not the song I wanted. Returning it.
I'm disappointed with the packaging of this product. The CD had fallen out of it's unwrapped cardboard holder and was just rolling around in the mailing envelope.  The order claimed to be NEW so I assumed the CD would be wrapped in plastic. Of course it was a gift now it looks used. Not very happy Amazon. :(
VERY boring remixes!-wish I hadn't wasted my $$$ on it!!!-it's getting hit & mainly miss with Kylie!! & this is a BIG miss!!
I thought I was ordering a CD, make your ads clear as to what is being purchased you two bit frauds
Waste of money. Not what I expected. Too slow for runners pace. Would not even recommend for working out in the gym. There is nothing high energy about the beats.
Do we really need Julie Budd doing LOVE ME DO? And isn't HOME something we've heard enough of through the years? Is there anything creative about this? Barely 7 songs for $18.83. She even covers Ann Hampton Callaway. Just a Streisand wannabe.