None of the songs on this album are the original hit versions.  They are all re-recordings.
Nothing impressive. There was 1 good song in it that I liked - the rest turned out to be boring and dull.
Given that this record purports to come from the Green Island, one should not be wholly surprised that nine of the tracks are not penny whistle at all, but Uileann pipes, nor that the CD I received had "Andean Flute" printed on it instead of "Ireland's Tin Whistle".All in all, the quality of the music is very uneven, and the whole thing a bit disappointing.
I picked this up as the Amazon digital deal of the day.  So for $1.99 I can't complain too much.  The sound quality is relatively good, however my biggest gripe is that the song titles seem to be wrong.  I'm not an expert on the Big Band Era, and maybe songs were known by different names, however several of the songs are easily recognizable standards, that appear to have the wrong name:  Track 5 is listed as "See Saw", but is clearly "I'm In The Mood For Love".  Track 6 is listed as "Nevertheless", but is actually "Sweet Georgia Brown".  Track 12 is listed as "Body And Soul", but is "Embraceable You".  Track 13 is the most blatant: being listed as "A Little Bird Told Me", but being the song (and lyrics) "Blue Skies". So on the whole I doubt I have the right names on any of the songs.  Is this the correct content?
There isn't enough 90's songs on here. The ones included aren't all well known.I notice the cover has famous faces, but no mention in any of the tracks!What's the purpose, of this?
This disc is a re-recording by the Guitarist of Badfinger, Joey Molland. Joey is a fine guitarist, but he never had a hit, well maybe a small one from Airwaves cd with a later incarnation of Badfinger.No Matter What, Baby Blue, Day After Day, were sung by the late Pete Ham. Tom Evans sang "Come and Get it". Overall, if you are a fan of Joey Molland, this might be for you. This disc is also recorded many years after Badfinger disbanded. Joey's voice is not as it once was.If your a Badfinger fan, and want something different, this might be it. Hearing Joey singing his mates tunes. Overall its a weak release. Your much better of Looking for their Apple cd's for the hits.If you want, in my opinion, their best Lp, try to find "Wish You Were Here".  Straight Up, No Dice, are excellent as well.
These are not them.  Though nice, they are covers of the original with studio musicians and vocalists.
What I mean is, just about every song on here sounds like the one before. No variety. Not to mention the fact that I believe the whole band is trying to see who can either out play the other before one drops on his face or who can play the fastest. Doesn't keep one's attention. Really the only good thing about this, is the album cover.
I accidentally bought this thinking it was ABBA. It is a cover band, "tribute band" whatever.  NOT REALLY ABBA.
This early, early, EARLY album of Halestorm is so radically different in sound, theme, & quality as per the other songs & albums I've heard from them.  Admittedly, I'm a late-comer to Halestorm.  I have only recently heard about them & am enjoying their music.  So I am more acquainted with their newer work before I found this album.  The vocal work sounds earnest, but strained.  Not sure if it's b/c Liz Hale's voice hasn't matured yet or whatever vocal training she received after this has definitely made her for the better.
I thought this was a Jim Croce album. It was not. It is studio group covering Jim Croce. If you like studio group (I have never heard of them) than you might just like this. I wish I hadn't bought it.
If you are looking for the original 1961 recording of "I Don't Want To Cry" by Chuck Jackson, you've come to the wrong place. The clip skipped his introduction that says, "One of my first hit records went something like this."
I thought these were actual mixes of songs, not just bits and pieces.Oh well, my bad. I guess I need to read the description more closely.
I didn't listen to the song before I purchased it.  It was not the old song I was used to.  This is a rap version.
Johnny Mercer was a gem, and these songs are all top flight standards, but too often the seventies horns and keyboards wash out the charm of Mercer's voice and these wonderful melodies. Since it was recorded in 1974, it might not be quite precise to refer to the arrangements as "disco," but these arrangements seem to try to appeal to seventies tastes and as such harken back more to that time than to when the pieces were written.I really wanted to like this one, but it's just too underwhelming. As another reviewer mentions there could be enough here to satisfy when you skip over the disappointments, but you'll be much better off skipping this recording altogether and picking up Mercer's offering from the Capitol Collector's Series. That disc contains recording from the 40s and makes for a much more satisfying experience.
These albums from Amazon are kind of a waste because they are just the mp3 files.  There are no .cdg files.  I don't know if the actual CDs are any different if you have them send you the CDs, but if you just do the download, don't expect to get the lyrics files that should come with karaoke songs.
I tried to download the track "Peter Piper from this Album, and it turned out to be The song under track # 2 title. I do not recommend this download.
Ice On Fire represented the first of two albums on the downward spiral for Elton John in the mid-80s. Coming off the heels of Breaking Hearts, Elton (and Taupin's) effort here lacked the real spark that has made their songwriting so special. &quot;Ice&quot; tries really hard to get your attention. Starting with the Phil Collins &quot;Sussudio-ish&quot;, This Town, the album actually starts off well. Elton displays a bravdo in his vocal delivery not usually found these days. But the momentum can't be sustained as the album falls into overtly slick pop with hints of R&amp;B thrown in which do not gel.Saving graces include &quot;Cry to Heaven&quot;, a bitter war protest song and the cold war era ballad, &quot;Nikita&quot;, which both sound pretty dated in 2004.Producer Gus Dudgeon, returning at the helm since 1976, doesn't have much to work with here. Elton was at his low personal period with drugs playing a big part. He wrote nearly 22 songs (which half were saved for the equally half-hearted, &quot;Leather Jackets) and it shows. Being profilic can be a good thing but not having the discipline to select which songs are up to standard is another. Elton (and lyricist Bernie Taupin) are going through the motions here and that's unusual for them.&quot;Ice On Fire&quot; is not Elton's worst but a far cry from what he's capable of doing. But things would get slightly worse than better with his next album, Leather Jackets. Luckily, as the latter part of the decade showed, he knew he had better start delivering the goods and he did.
Without the bonus tracks, this album would only get one and a half stars. Yes, &quot;Nikita&quot; isn't a bad song, maybe &quot;Shoot Down The Moon&quot; shows some potential, and depending on your mood, &quot;Wrap Her Up&quot; can be slightly catchy, but other than these three songs, what else is there? The answer: seven fairly bland, faceless tracks(okay, maybe with the possible exception of &quot;Cry To Heaven&quot;, but even it really seems like more of a b-side). It baffles me why this particular album was remastered, and re-released, while &quot;21 at 33&quot;, and &quot;Breaking Hearts&quot;, two 80's releases that didn't completely bomb, are left in the dark. Anyway, as I said above, the bonus tracks really help this album: For starters, &quot;The Man Who Never Died&quot;, an instrumental tribute to John Lennon, is finally available, originally recorded around &quot;The Fox&quot; sessions, then remixed in 1985, and at that point, released as a b-side to &quot;Wrap Her Up&quot;. Then, there are three live tracks, probably taken from the &quot;Breaking Hearts&quot; tour, &quot;Restless&quot;(second verse missing), &quot;I'm Still Standing&quot; and &quot;Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word&quot;. Since I have always wished for a live E.J. album from the 80's(a bit more representative of the period than &quot;Live In Australia&quot;), I found these tracks to be a nice touch.
isn't it refreshing for a well known artist to be unpredictable-and take chances-to try something different?-especially when his sales are at rock bottom-i call that balls-this album says that and then some-its a definite studio product-but it produced-maybe u might remember-that great song about &quot;detente&quot;-&quot;nikita&quot;-not only a love song-but a politically controversial message about not only love but the discontent of the east and the west-yeah-us and them-hey-let elton have it-bout time bernie lets go to the world of gybr and gets real-this album is too over-produced for my taste-george m. and elton on &quot;WRAP HER UP' is dull-but his background on nikita is serious-satellite with nik kershaw is infectious-&quot;soul glove&quot;-is some groovy tower of power soul-&quot;too young&quot;-with queens' rhythm section-is just that-queen with elton on vocals-not very interesting-but-i got to admit-he does try some different stuff on this album-he gets away with some of it-like the background vocals on the opening track-&quot;this town&quot;-sister sledge-can't get much better than that-unlike most remastered albums-this has some hot bonus tracks-live versions of &quot;restless&quot;-that kicks a-- and a somber beautifully sung version of &quot;sorry&quot;-with just him on piano and ray on percussion-and a hell of a rousing take of &quot;i'm still standing&quot;-like u never heard it before-it just shows u what elton is really like-the contrast between this over-produced effort and the live recordings is amazing-i actually think it was intended-just to show us how versatile elton can be-u got to b a diehard to buy this-some good songs-but not enough-skip this-buy the single &quot;nikita&quot;-and hope to hear &quot;satellite&quot; and the bonus tracks at a friends house-
The track listing for this remastered version of Ice on Fire is missing the last track (Act of War) on the original CD.  What's up with that?In any event, I think this is an OK album (the original one), but not one of Elton and Taupin's best.  Still, if you are an Elton collector, you need this in your collection, too.
From the OBJECTIVE reviewer...Nikita is a great pop song, but the rest of the album is sorely lacking. Even a duet with George Michael is mess.
Okay, this effort is certainly more inspired than Victim of Love or 21 at 33.  But even though it's a comeback in comparison to those two failed albums, this recording still pales in comparison to Goodbye Yellow Brick  Road, Honky Chateau, Rock of the Westies, etc.  Many of the songs on The  Fox come frustratingly close to being classic EJ songs (Just Like Belgium,  Chloe, the title track).  But sadly the songs fall a bit short.  My advice?  Skip this one and purchase Jump Up, which isn't a great album, but is a  better example of Elton John returning to anything even close to his 70's  form.
Most tracks are WEAK remixes of songs featured in the Space Jam soundtrack.  Several tracks are remixes of remixes, which is just silly.  I even doubt the legality of this album.Space Jam: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture
This is an odd MP3 download..Some of the songs are done live and by the original artist; the others sound off and are not the originals. Cheap so if you are just getting it for background music..No issue, if getting for certain songs..Skip and get originals..
You should know upfront that this recording clearly has been copied from what sounds like a 45 with a lot of surface noise.
Not what I expected, I won't be recommending it to anyone, I'll go for the real stuff. It was just OK.
i bought this on recommendation to help me desensitize my dog to the sounds of a thunder storm. it didnt even phase the dog even at the highest volume. when a real storm came thru he was his usual scarey cat that he is. i am very disappointed.
The dead surly will be turning in their graves, listening to this disaster, of an album.There being no "Monster Mash," is a huge mistake. Without it, it's like Christmas without a tree, and nativity set.
This album seems to pop up when I am doing Mesh (UK) searches, so I wanted to not that this is not the same band. It gets clumped in and even shows up when you look for songs by the other band, but it is not the same stuff.Maybe the album would be better if it was what I was actually searching for
When it comes down to R&B; infuences of the 80's, we always think of artists like Diana Ross, Whitney houston, Anita Baker and Dionne Warwick. Nevertheless, with contemporary R&B;, there are some acts that we really do overlook as dynamic, like Patti Austin. While she has shown her way with contemporary R&B;, today, many people don't seem to be interested in what she brought to music for over 4 decades. While there already is a definitive hits collection, with 2001's Very Best Of Patti Austin, there aren't many smaller collection that show Patti's magic, and this is one of those that really misses the mark, by a longshot.Rhino Hi-Five: Patti Austin, is a mini-compilation of 5 tracks seem to highlight Patti Austin at her best, but doesn't feel like every home should really have one. The collection includes some of Patti big R&B; hits from the 80's, including Every Home Should Have One, as well as lesser-known tracks like Stop, Look, Listen, and Do You Love Me?. While the collection of songs might be good for anyone who hasn't yet heard a Patti Austin song, it misses the mark by a longshot. The EP really doesn't feel like you're getting more bang for your buck. The collection really doesn't have her biggest hits including Baby, Come To Me and How Do You Keep The Music Playing with James Ingram, as well as classics like Razamatazz and Rhythm Of The Street.All in all, whil Hi-FIve: Patti Austin might be a great buy at less than $5, but trust me it really isn't even cworth the effort. It is also too bad that the 2001 Very Best Of Patti Austin is also not available as an MP3 album for you to download to your PC. You're just better off getting it in full for your CD Player, and just say baby come to me to a better Patti Austin collection than this.Songs: C 1/2-Price: DRemastering: BOverall: D+
I love this album. But not when the MP3 download version is NOT gapless!I could not find a way to make it gapless for itunes or iPhone
The album itself is great, but I am not impressed with the way it is presented to listen to. It was remastered alright ------ the audio of it is so compressed, it makes listening to the album a nightmare. I would prefer receiving the CD over the MP3 in this case. Someone needs to remaster the remaster to clean it up and make it sound better.
I was drawn into purchasing this album by an instrumental I absolutely fell in love with. I foolishly made the purchase without bothering to check out the other tracks first. Oops.
Plays a bit like a college freshman vocal recital.  The voice is occasionally pitchy, but more offensive is the inconsistant vocal technique!!!  He can't decide whether he wants a classical edge or a pop-breathiness.  Sometimes he goes back and forth between these two very different sounds note after note after note.The "fuller voice" is way to far in his nose and going back and forth between such a light breathy tone and this just makes the nasality more obvious!Great potential in this voice, but he seems too unsure of what he wants to do with his voice to be selling commercial albums just yet!
I ordered this record for my dad for Christmas. He has a digital copy of this album, but he loves having the vinyl copies to add to his collection. The seller said the cover was in near perfect condition, but what they failed to mention was that it had a large sticker from the radio station on the front. The sticker takes up about one fourth of the cover. So the gift I bought, for over forty dollars, is pretty much useless to him.
I purchased the collector's edition thinking that Dream Theater has always been a fan friendly band and would be creating a product similar in quality to their previous release, SCORE. Well, either they've changed their minds or are now content to let Roadrunner Records determine the direction of their career. If that's the case then their careers are definitely heading for a downward spiral.The audio lacks the crispness and clarity of Budukan and Score and the video is somewhat sub par. Plus having the "concert" from various locales lacked the spontaneity of a show shot all in one venue, The band plays well but growing beards and getting a gut (James, buddy, you've got to start working out) does not a band make.Truthfully this is a set for completists only. Buyer beware !
EDIT: For those of you that commented on my review, please... I am a die-hard DT fan. But don't you understand that in our era of huge plasma TVs, amateur and unstable pictures are just too tiring to endure after 5 minutes? They could have put out a "raw" production without carrying cameras fully zoomed in on their shoulders. This DVD is just impossible to watch more than once, unless you're still using a 12" TV and you don't mind AM Radio sound quality.MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:It all started with NYPD Blue. Someone had the brilliant idea of tossing away the tripod that held cameras steady. Then, they moved the camera to the shoulder, zoomed in 10x and started walking around while recording.It's a shame that this "technique" has spilled over Dream Theater's productions. After a DVD like SCORE where the production is good, the cameras are anchored on tripods and the sound was decent, now we have here a bundle of chaos in motion sickness where the viewer has to suffer through various inconsistencies in sound quality and avoid having any food prior due to the roller coaster effect that amateur like image recording can cause.After enduring through 180 minutes of motion sickness, I was reluctant on watching the DVD #2 but finally I saw something interesting - the story of the unsung heros on the daily routines on the road.If you are a DT fan yes I recommend this because after all it is another volume for the collection. If you are not a DT fan or just a recent one, don't bother. Buy the Budokan and Score shows.Two stars because if I wanted to watch a bunch of amateur videos I'd go bootleg. From DT I expect Kevin Shirley to be thrown out off a cliff (worst live mixes ever) and I expect them to buy some tripods for cameras instead of spending 20 grand in starbucks coffee.
One of the first records I ever bought was Pledge of Love by Ken Copeland, but the B side was Night Air by the (Four) Mints which I thought was really cool and that's why I bought this CD.  I still think it's cool. Except for another version of Pledge of Love by Dave Tanner, which I had never heard before, this CD has songs that were understandably left off the charts, but I kind of like Tanner's version of Pledge of Love.
For years and years I wondered what happened to Lane Brody, and why she did not make any new records after her debut album. Listening to this album I begin to see the reasons.First things first: I am not a huge Jazz fan, if I own Jazz-styled albums it is because one of my favorites decided to record an album of classics.That said I must say that this effort is one of the least succesful, in the liner-notes El&eacute;ni (as she is labelled on this album) mentions her adoration for Ella Fitzgerald, which inspired her to record this album.Sadly not every voice is suitable to sing certain kinds of music, and to quote one vice-president candidate "You are not Ella Fitzgerald". Her voice is not well-suited for these (often well-known) classics, on most of the songs her voice sounds shaky, and every now and then the lines seem to be too long for her to let them flow.I liked her voice more when she did the kind of Pop/Country of her first album, these classics require more intense listening and that highlights the quality of a voice, and there she fails to impress.So, finally after all these years I have an answer why I did not hear from this singer more after her album "Lane Brody". Her voice does not have "it", and the music executives recognized that early on.
I expected it to be the full Album...but it is missing some of the songs that go along with the narration, LIKE X-RAY TED!!!! Dang! Not a happy space trucker! : (
Goes for an exuberant alt-rock sound, but each song sounds too "same-y." The keyboard sound is the same throughout and gets old quick despite the minimal contributions. The female vocalist is good but the dude's voice is quirky and a little annoying but still pretty good.Yet another guy band with a female bassist. What does this mean? Let's face it, the best thing going for Unit Seven Drain (what a dumbass name, but hey, half the bands I love have dumbass names) is the hot bassist. They should exploit her if they ever want to get past the hobby/club circuit level.Check out SELECTOR which is much better. A bit too derivative in places, but it's closer to a four star album.
Most of the tracks are mis-named and the last one ,Nobody Knows The Trouble I`ve Seen, isn`t even listed! Why??
This is a typical high-quality Sound Choice karaoke track, but I did not realize that the Cloud Player's MP3 format does not support the CD-G graphics, so no on-screen lyrics. This renders the track useless for karaoke. This is clearly stated in the "about media formats" section of the web page, so it pays to read carefully before purchasing! I'm off to the local karaoke store to spend 20X as much on the disc...
All of the other albums made by Helios are all instrumental based, this one he decided to make it lyrically based. I really don't like the lyrics in it at all, and I don't think the instrumentals are nearly as good as the other one's; it's like he just put lyrics in place of good instrumentals. Nothing too dynamic in this album either, the only song that stood out in it for me was "In Heaven", but that's mostly just because I remember the song they are covering from the movie Eraserhead. The rest of them all kind of sounded the same to me.I'm sure plenty of people will still like it, just make sure you preview it before you listen. I didn't do this because I figured it would be along the same lines of his other albums, and I was disappointed.
Was looking for original renditions of thiese Primary Songs. Wanted to play this for the children I take care of.
I am truly a J-Hud fan and have waited for this cd forever. It was a truly let down for me with a few exceptions If it isnt love, My heart, I'm his only woman, Invisible and naturally Spotlight best song on the cd!I'm shocked that this is what Clive Davis had in mind for her. Even though Kelly Clarkson's My December had one hit on it and Davis told her to start over and she said no. I'd rather Jennifer to of done it her way then his. But I still love ya Jenn hopefully better next time!!! For now I will be listening to her solo's off of the Dreamgirls soundtrack simply because Love you I do is more like stuff she should be doing.
First and foremost, Janet Robin is a fantastic guitarist.  She was a part of the touring band for Lindsey Buckingham (Fleetwood Mac) back in the 90s, and for good reason.  The lyrics sound like she's reading directly from a diary, though- heartfelt, but not very artistic.  That said, "Flood" is very enjoyable all around.
The semantical labels are generational. TRUE Beautiful Instrumentals are 1960's - 70s selections with real orchestrals and lots of strings. Later Easy Listening became a mix with vocals and then more recently the smooth jazz creations. Many with electric pianos and synthesized 'orchestras' which also lowered the quality of the original term.
Whilst it sounds like these are not the original singers,they are.All these tracks are either re-recorded or live versions, hence they sound different to the originals we all love so much.
This is one of those reheated comps that are so commonplace from the 70s and 80s. They take the songs, keep the music tracks but edit out the original singers so that royalties don't have to be paid to them. The music here is all the same, but these are NOT THE ORIGINAL SINGERS. From that standpoint, it is false advertisting that the artists' names are on the playlist. They are NOT on this disc.Having said that, the singers who are on here are pretty good. But let's face it, when it comes to our 70s music nothing but the originals will do!
This is a great album, but the sound quality is awful.  It's mostly mid-to-high range.  There is no bass.  Many of the songs have a hiss in the background and there is no depth.  Seriously, the oldies station on the radio sounds better.
Did not like the music. Pioano was too harsh! No soft and gentle at all, but the price was right.
I do not own this item, but from what is shown here it is missing the act I overture and the quality does not appeal.
Unfirtunatly, NOT the best country Gospel CD.  Quite a few 'un-great' songs...many I've never heard.  Only a few were of sweet remeberance (and keep in mind I was raised on this music, from bluegrass to gospel).  So, it was not the best CD.
It was too nasal...I am .disappointed with the whole album...sorry...was looking forward to some good country gospel music...didn't get it.
This album shows the limits of "sampling" when the artists being sampled -- in this case Barack Obama and Dr. Martin Luther King -- are geniuses and the sample-ers are mediocre soft-pop musicians.
This album has never been released on CD and many of us have been waiting for it for years. Sadly, the whole album has been transferred at the wrong speed. So don't buy it. Bing sounds a lot better than this usually.
This album is a well-loved, if quirky, novelty by many of Bing Crosby's fans.  While it has its failings (primarily the title track), it also has some strong moments from a legendary singer in his mid-60s.HOWEVER, this "Copyright Group" that put this album up on iTunes transferred this from A VINYL RECORD ALBUM, and didn't even do a very good job.  To start with, the whole album runs SLOW... that's why he sounds so out of key on the "Hey Jude" track sample.  Also, you can hear occasional crackles and distortion and muddiness on the samples that clearly indicate this was taken from an old vinyl record.Where is the master tape?  It's around somwhere... we know Rhino had it about a decade ago when they did their "Golden Throats" CD featuring the track "Hey Jude."  Did this fall out of copyright, only to be issued by this "Copyright Group" from the only source they could find?If it wasn't going to be better than this, they shouldn't have bothered.
I've heard Sister Hazel and Counting Crows before but most of these songs sounded more like the "new" country to me more than those bands.  I'm not a fan of country but I did like the songs "Blue To A Blind Man" and "Ride".  The rest are, to me, forgettable.
Waste of money not 320. It sounds muffled in a system, buyers beware.I do not recommend. Should have to advertise bit rate.
Karaoke Music fine.  No Karaoke lyrics! Big Disappointment. Cannot image what I might have done wrong but if this is not a usual complaint - I would appreciate a response.
I remember a version of this from years ago, and I assumed that this song would sound the same; unfortunately, it doesn't.
This is not Saint Vitus our friendly doom-metal band, this package called St. Vitus "Fragile with Care" is lo-fi product by a singer who is not bad but this is alt/indie rock, don't mistake it for Saint Vitus, listen to the samples first and you will see.
of the entire dick's picks series, this is my least favorite show.  the playing is solid, but it is most certainly not a must have.the setlist does very little for my tastes.  in fact, i can think of 4 other shows off the top of my head from madison square garden in 1990-91 that i would prefer to see released.
Quick delivery but wasn't satisfied with quality of music. It didn't sound like the original platters. But will keep it and play it,
I was excited when I saw this CD. I thought it was similar to the "NOW" CDs with all of the current songs, but when I bought it I realized that they songs are actually remakes of the originals. They are not the actual songs. The CD is not horrible, and they sound better than I would but the remakes don't hold a candle to the original songs. Just buy the actual songs and make your own cardio playlist.
This has some great songs on it, but they are watered down covers from no name artists.  A lot of the songs are tolerable, but some are just great songs made awful by weak artists covering it.
I was glad this album didn't cost me much. I bought it in an emergency when headed to the gun looking for some new motivation without music. This album is not by the makers of the songs, it's by some off brand groups. So don't think you're getting the real deal when you're listening. And don't buy it in the heat of the moment like I did. Sample first, if you can.
This Micheal Hurley shares a name with the Pennsylvania folkie, but little else.  If you're looking for the Michael Hurley who describes himself as "Snock" and recorded Armchair Boogie, Have Moicy, Long Journey, Hi-Fi Snock Uptown, etc., you should know that this is not the same singer.
The sound quality of this cd is awful. Can't imagine what it would be like if it hadn't been remasterd.
Originally released in 1981, as this was the band's swansong. Did someone change the album cover? Perhaps it was the label that put out the CD reissue. This is not the 'same' Octopus that some of us heard and enjoyed on their two earlier titles 'The Boat Of Thoughts' ('76) and 'An Ocean Of Rocks' ('78) - see my reviews of both. For one one thing, vocalist Jennifer Hensel was replaced by Michael Stern. What the? Couple of halfway decent tracks on this CD are "Monster In The Ghost Train", "Police Let's Salute" and maybe "She Hot Phylis". You might want to pass on this one, unfortunately.
One of the other reviewers stated that the samples are of the original artists.  If that's true, then he or she has very bad hearing.  The samples I heard were definitely not the originals. If you do buy this, know you are getting covers by someone in the music business that sings covers for a living.  They'd be great Wedding Singers!
I was a little let down with the repetive style vs the originals but I still kind of like it.
It's a travesty to hear what the loudness war is doing to fine art.  This recording suffers from over-compression, lack of transients and severe distortion.  If I wanted all that, --I'd listen to it on the radio.  Art vs. quality is akin to a gold ring in the snout of a pig. Headroom Injury - overcompressed.
There are so many things wrong with this album that its difficult to figure out where to start. I guess we can start with the positive side: There are hints of some great riffs on this album. I appreciate ESP listening to critique of Cartographer and going for a more high-intensity album overall. Also, Unstoppable is pure genius.Okay, now onto the problems...1) Compression - Who ever did the mastering of this CD should be shot! In the previous ESP releases, there was always headroom for when the sound got truly epic. You could always hear the individual instruments and voices clearly. Not so with Makara. Almost every track (including Unstoppable) it compressed to within an inch of its life so for the majority of each song there is no space and you are assaulted with a constant wall of unintelligible sound. Strings and horns are especially decimated by this awful mastering.2) Repetition / No Progression - This was also a problem in their Cartographer release. Go back and listen to Unearthed and you will hear how each song has structure, melody, and power that builds. I have no problem with the intensity of this record that a lot of people take issue with. In fact, I would love nothing more than an entire 70 minute album that is high-intensity. The problem is this album really only has 10 minutes of high-intensity music that is repeated over and over again. Lets take 'Varuna' as an example, there is a lot to like in this song. However it is too overly repetitious to actually be called good. Listen to the section with the punchy base and high strings. It uses the same three notes in the low end and just adds more strings in the high end over and over. If ESP had any melodic vision this section could have built to something great but instead it is boring and dissapointing. Similarly, the end of the song could have been good but instead is a single repeated refrain of one measure that is just terrible! There is no progression, no building, and the one measure they use to repeat over and over again is quite a poor choice as well.3) No Melodies - With the exception of Unstoppable and portions of Arise, this album is almost devoid of any melody. I honestly was thinking there was something wrong with my album and that it was mixed without the melody track in most songs. Most of these tracks would have been vastly improved with some structural melody element as was used in all the songs on Cartographer and Unearthed. Here we have the powerful background of the orchestra and choir but no hook or driving theme anywhere. It's like ESP designed this album to have someone else write the melodies over it.4) Classical Songs - Note to ESP: "Leave retooling classical music to The Transiberian Orchestra." The redone versions of Saint Matthew's Passion and the Moonlight Sonata are downright atrocious. There is nothing of interest in either song. A good remake would have built upon the original (much like TO did to Carol of the Bells). Not only that but to have ESP cover the Moonlight Sonata and not touch the third movement is a travesty (I should know, I learned to play all three movements on the piano when I was 14, and the third movement is truly epic). Please ESP, do not try this again5) Cheap / No Variation in Production - Listen to Unearthed or Cartographer straight through (well actually on Cartography you can skip tracks 8-14) and you will hear a impressive variety of music. The various ethnic sounds, different instrumentation choices, mix of classical, acoustic, and heavy guitars, all make for a moving experience that changes over time. Now on Makara, you almost can't tell the difference between any of the songs (with the exception of 'Lavanya'). Let me clarify, I am not against high-intensity all the way through, but I am against using the exact same combination of instruments and choir parts again and again. Where's the pan flute from Cartographer, or the Urd from Unearthed, or any of the other varied sounds I've come to expect from ESP. I'm sure using the same sounds repeatedly saved the group money on musicians but I feel like this release just sounds 'Cheap' because of the lack of variety. I have a habit of putting my workstation synthesizer on a signal sound (typically some large orchestral patch) and just coming up with themes, or riffs and recording them. I feel like ESP did this as well and then just released it as an album.What a let down. I am still holding out hope that ESP gets it together in their next release. Can you imagine how awesome an album it would be if they put something together that matches the progression of their best work? Think of an album of new songs in the vain of: Cuzco, Memouthis, Pompeii, Ashief Pi, Orannu Pi, Mosane Pi, Selisona Pi, Odenall Pi, Unstoppable. That would be incredible.In summary, Makara has only 1 great song (Unstoppable), a few good ideas (Varuna, Lavanya, Arise), and a lot of missed opportunities.
I purchased this album for my husband as the ESPosthumus album Unearthed that l bought for him with the cold case sound track is his favorite album,unfortunately this one is not as good. That was little disappointing but never mind.
Some of the selection, were not recognized by me. I just did not the orchestra version of playing the music.
Warning!! This is NOT the Crystals original singer Lala Brooks singing her hit &#34;AND THEN HE KISSED ME&#34;. Though not a bad sound, this version falls way short of recreating the Internationally famed WALL-OF-SOUND energy and, vocal vitality which the 14 year old sensation LaLa Brooks brought to the original recording.  The good news is, Lala Brooks returned to music after years of exile imposed upon all the Phil Spector Wall-of-sound women.  It only takes a moment to hear the individuality of voice created by Lala Brooks, Ronnie Spector, and the other vocal artists is lacking in this remake.  They originated high energy in the wall of sound the most uniquely compelling sound outlasting its era making it timeless, a very unusual accomplishment in music. Both Lala Brooks, Darlene Love, and Ronnie Spector continue to perform to sellout audiences to this day as they continue to tour after decades of being withheld from their music.
Wilkinson, who created the role of Jean Valjean in Les Miserables (London, New York) and was the original Phantom Of The Opera in Toronto for 4 1/2 years, has been a huge favourite of ours. Having seen him four times in Phantom (first ten days, eight months later, in May of 1991, and his last Toronto performance) and once in Les Miz, we've been hoping for a new recording since his Stage Heroes was released years ago.Now, to accompany his touring production of the same name, he has done so. We saw the show last weekend in Toronto, and the man still has the golden, Irish-tenor, pipes. There are 17 tracks on the CD, about half are show tunes (including Bring Him Home and Music Of The Night). The rest are an eclectic and indulgent mix of country & pop; and of course, Danny Boy -- a song that any Irishman has the right to perform in any fashion he desires. To our taste, (all but Danny Boy), these are awful and badly suited to his soaring dramatic vocal style. Notable is Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah, which was mediocre at best (but much superior to the live performance we just saw). For this track, k d lang's rendition has probably spoiled us forever from enjoying anyone else's version.It should be noted that the production values of this recording are extremely amateurish, with the overall sound reminding me of a concert in an airplane hangar -- hollow and echo-ey -- not warm and rich as in a concert hall. The balance is off too, as the musicians' presence is barely audible. I thought my amplifier was busted in the mid-range, until the next CD on the turntable started to play.To summarize, a disc for fans only, with only a handful of tracks worth hearing more than once. If it's possible to buy single tracks, I'd choose only Bring Him Home, Music Of The Night, Anthem and Danny Boy to add to my collection.
I first heard Mr. Wilkinson's wonderful voice as the Phantom, in Toronto MANY years ago.  I bought the cassette tape of the play as soon as I could get my hands on it, and then the CD.  I have only myself to blame for not scanning the included songs on this CD more closely, because I doubt I would have spent double the $ that I normally spend on a CD.  My husband, also a huge fan, and I listened to it last night, and there were a few times that we both laughed out loud.  Another reviewer enjoyed the way he sang the odd songs that were selected, but I was put off by the 'theatrical nature' in which he sang such classics as 'Country Roads' 'Whiskey in the Jar' and one of my faves 'Runaway,'  and that's just 3.  I was completely disappointed with 'The Music of the Night' which I have so loved to listen to all these years.  I realize that singers get tired of singing a song the same way, but in my mind his original interpretation will always be the best.  And I consider what he did to 'Hallelujah' to be almost a crime - singing 'lujah' several times at the end?I was very distressed to hear his wonderful voice sounding almost tortured on too many of the selections.
I was hoping the songs sounded more like the original artist. I like how it was simple to download to my Itunes. And the price was right.
Disappointing.  If you purchase this item, just know that there certainly are not &#34;100 Number One Tunes of 1963&#34; .  More like 14.Think someone miscounted.
The title says 100 number 1's. Not quite.The title was misleading. Good songs on it though. We enjoyed the music while it lasted.
I was expecting 100 songs. Not less than a dozen. but was a nice gift for parents married in 63 and celebrating 50 years.
Unsure of what this really is? Alternative maybe? Guitar and other insturments are ok but not any thing to get excited over. Lyrics can be heard but don't impress.
I had hoped to get all of the classic songs from the Fallout 3 ST, but instead we only got five.
When I made the purchase, I did not realize this album set was comprised of mostly random covers of good songs. Meh.
I guess I should have done some research or at least listened to some of the song samples before I bought this. But I know the songs and just assumed that this would be a collection of live recordings made "at The Sands" - possibly with appearances by fellow Rat Packers.No such luck.Dean Martin may have, at some point in his lifetime, played each and every one of these songs at The Sands. But none of the songs on this album were recorded there. These are all studio recordings and they're all fine recordings, which is why I gave it more than a single star. But why the title on this compilation? I guess I wouldn't be as miffed if I didn't have all of these recordings from previous purchases.So consider yourself forewarned. Any Dean is great, but I was just expecting something different.
Theses songs are recognizeable by their lyrics and by the barely-there melodies, but they are electronic/digitized mixes performed by someone other than the original artists.  If you're only searching for something with a steady beat and don't particularly care what it sounds like, the disc may still work for you--especially if you like club-style dance music.  However, be aware that you are *not* getting old radio favorites, or anything resembling them!
Good voice, not quite my taste. If you like Blues/ jazz you will like this CD!! Would like to hear ballads from him.
I LOVE the voice, the personality, the songs, the music, everything!  I AM disapointed in the CD's that I bought.  I bought 2 of the "Leave Your Hat On" CD's, (1 for me and 1 for a friend).  After playing it about 4 times, it started skipping on several songs.  I changed players and it was the same.  There appeared to be nothing visually wrong. The other CD's I play on my player are fine.  I hope my friend's CD does not have the same problem.Always will be a fan,Judy
Like his style on show,  new stuff is just ok.  A few good songs.  He is a great singer, though.
These were not the original songs by the original artists. Which is what made first release from Jive bunny so great.
used for a wedding and it sounds  like elevator music.  it was what i expected but it made it through the wedding.  If i could have a refund i would.  dont buy
I recently purchased this mp3 version, and (regrettably) I have to say I was disappointed. The sound is (to these ears, at least) muddier than I remember, it's missing a track ("Tango", which should come after the "Mozart Opera by Borge", but doesn't), and it seems to be *slower* (can we say 'pitch control', folks?). Victor deserves better than this slipshod reissue... and so do his fans!
Since there is a real Catherine/Thielemans album. To use the same name on this concoction of tunes is truly deceptive. The only saving grace is the presence of a few tunes by Joaquin Kuhn, a marvelous pianist and composer from Germany. This has nothing to do with the Philip Catherine, Toots Thielemans and friends original album published in 1974 by Keystone records KT 444 057 [0mega international]- a true pity for this not to be the original album...I'd love to get my money back from Amazon in view of the deception involved. Unfortunately, this was an MP3 and can not be returned.I am a bit surprised at Amazon, advertising a Catherine/Thielemans product and delivering a mostly J. Kuhn album. This product should be called something else!
I have had this album in my LP collection since the 1950s and have always enjoyed it.  Unfortunately, it has become a little worn over the decades. I thus hoped that this download would give me a better copy to enjoy.  It is somewhat better but, like another reviewer stated, it is far from being a good remastering. Many pops and clicks are audible, making it obvious that the mp3s were dubbed off a vinyl LP and not the master tapes of 1957.  As the other reviewer said, there is really no excuse for this kind of thing in this day and age. If Amazon purchased the rights to issue this album as mp3s, why didn't they do it right by using the original tapes or at least have the decency to state that it was a dub from vinyl and contained surface noise??
"Phil Silvers And Swinging Brass" was recorded in New York City in 1957 and originally released on Columbia Records CL 1011.  Nelson Riddle is credited with conceiving the album's idea to expand several traditional bugle calls into full orchestrations. The band that performs them included many formidable studio musicians whose backgrounds (like Riddle's) were firmly rooted in the Big Band Era.  Indeed, the personnel consisted of:Bernie Glow, Jimmy Maxwell, Bob McMickle, Charlie Shavers (tp) Warren Covington, Urbie Green, Jack Satterfield, Chauncey Welsch (tb) Hymie Schertzer, Sid Cooper (as) Al Klink, Boomie Richman (ts) Harold Feldman (bar) Artie Baker (cl) Hank Jones (p) Steve Jordan (g) Frank Carroll (b) Don Lamond, Terry Snyder (d) Frank Comstock, Warren Barker (arr) Nelson Riddle (comp).The music is a joy throughout and features solos by--among others--Artie Baker on clarinet, Charlie Shavers on trumpet, Urbie Green on trombone, and Boomie Richman on tenor sax.  However, whoever took this magnificent music and remastered it (clearly from the original LP) should be hung out by their thumbs to dry.  The download is full of clicks, pops and other most annoying artifacts.  For example, at about 16 seconds into the opening track ("Hurry Up And Wait") a skip in the music takes place, destroying the meter and beat of the song.  With all of the tools available to reprocess historically important music like this, why more care wasn't given to the project is beyond me.  Five stars for the music; one star for the remastering.
Overall the tracks were well done. However, track 1 "Don't Speak" is actually a Spice Girls song called "Mama". I have no idea how it happened, but even the preview plays the wrong tune. Someone should look into that. Unfortunately, the only reason I checked out this album was for "Don't Speak", so I guess I'll be going elsewhere.
. . .but nothing outstanding. Renditions very close to some others in my collection. I would recommend it though. My son really enjoys it too.
It does not sound like the original. I wish they would list the artists name. You would think with the &#34;Best of the 80&#34; it would be original.
These are versions of the originals, not the original songs themselves... I should have read the fine print... Oh well...
While some of Cat Stevens' early work was truly inspired, I've always found him somewhat overrated as a lyricist, and this song is unfortunately no departure.  I'm sure the emotions that he expresses are truly heartfelt, but it doesn't sound like he put any effort into writing these trite, hackneyed lyrics.  This would be fine had he injected some energy into the music itself, but frankly he sounds as bored performing the song as I was listening to it.
Steven Katz, Cat Stevens, Yusuf Islam, whatever; this song is a diluted effort at returning to the musical spotlight after a lengthy hiatus within religious studies.  Ok, so I have not yet forgiven the man for pledging to kill the author ofThe Satanic Verses: A Novel, Salman Rushdie.  Regardless, this musical offering has little to offer but the distant connection to a guy who used to be able to write interesting ditties and act like a folky rock star.  Next.
I was really looking forward to this album and bought it without doing any research other than listening to the first single, "The End," which I liked.  If only I could say the same for the rest of the album.  I loved Wired and We Control.  And I salute artists attempting to flex their musical muscles and experiment - but that doesn't mean I have to like the results.The album is very uneven, with a couple of solid tracks mixed in with some *dubstep* - which I cannot stand - and some too-noisy-to-be-interesting electro.  Some of it's just flat-out awful.  If you like Hyper's previous work, it's worth just buying the tracks where you like the samples.
Hi - you could do better downloading the midi files of these inventions and just playing those on your computer.This album takes these inventions and plays them on some weak midi program, with a disco beat backing. So, it is like "Hooked on Classics." Except not even as good. The sound is almost "8bit," the sound that comes out of pccket video games.They use the name "Bachbuster," but do not get confused with Don Dorsey's awesome Bach-on-synth album, "Bachbusters." That is awesome. Dorsey throws a backing beat in there at a point or two, but his whole album is not "Hooked On..." Dorsey was or is an electronic music composer and arranger for Disney, and got really good  at electronic music scoring and production. So, he went and put out his own album, Bachbusters. He has probably been te only artist since Wendy Carlos and Isao Tomita to get broad attention for an album of classical music played on synthesizers. I think Bachbusters may have won a grammy. Dorsey had 2 more, as far as I know - 1 with Beethoven, and one a melange.So, if you are gonna spend the money, I would say get Dorsey vs. this 8bit Hooked-On-Bach. But, for a lark, or who knows - exercise music? - you might want to try this album.
My dog freaks when he hears this.  I mean...freaks.  He hates it. Now I turn on a reggae cd and he's happy.  True story.  It may work for some dogs though. The music is pleasant.  I have cane corso dogs and they are pretty opinionated and hard headed.
My father worked as an elevator operator when I was a kid. He took a liking to elevator music as I grew up. When he found this CD, he bought it right on the spot. He listened to these songs as he achieved great things. He built me a treehouse as these songs played on his stereo. He even built a tiny elevator for me in the treehouse. One night he went outside to fix my treehouse's elevator. The treehouse collapsed. He was crushed, but we found him laying under the debris. In his bed, he would listen to the elevator music he bought on that particular CD. He eventually, died. The last songs he listened to were the songs on this CD. You took my father. I will have my revenge.
This sounds  as though it was recorded from 78rpm records. The scratchiness almost drowns out the music! Wish I hadn't bought it.
This album is example of putting all the perfect ingredients together and coming up with a less then spectacular result.The material John choose covers some of Peter Allen's best songs and John's voice is pleasant.  What is missing is emotion.  There is absolutely nothing that brings one into the song's stories.  Peter Allen himself was not a terrific singer, but like many songwriters before him, usually has the listener identify with what he wrote.  It feels as if John is trying to be too technically correct and as a result, delivers a nicely gift wrapped box with nothing in side.
Bing talks between the songs...tells the story of the song...which is nice for fans but I am looking for the full songs only. Very disappointed that fact was not spelled out somewhere about this album.
Herb's 1942 recording of "Flamingo" with the Ellington Band with arrangement by Billy Strayhorn is a masterpiece by the legendary Blanton/Webster edition of the Ellington ensemble.  The arrangement is complex in its textures and interweaving of voice and instruments (with masterful solos by Lawrence Brown and Johnny Hodges answering the exotic strains of Jeffries' vocal instrument).  Jeffries' catches on to Duke's requirement that the human voice become an "instrument" with a perfectly delivered solo.  It's 3 minutes of inexhaustible music, standing up to repeated playings and close analysis.  In short, one of the most innovative yet satisfying artistic triumphs among vocal recordings of the first half of the 20th century.But that has little to do with this recording.  Not only is the present performance a later, inferior recording of the song by Jeffries but it's a "tricked-up," "gimmicky" mix that extracts Jeffries' voice from the source and sets it to a disco beat!  (2 stars only because the voice presumably belongs to Herb.)P.S.  Prepare for the worst (if you don't insert Ellington's name).  I limited my search to "Flamingo" and "Herb Jeffries."  Not one of the six resulting downloadable versions on Amazon is the original Ellington/Strayhorn arrangement.  In fact, 4 of the 6 are the same insulting "disco parody" of the original--a travesty (like some of the disco-tracks used behind Peggy Lee's voice in the 1970s).  The other two tracks are later recordings of the song by the crooner, who has a lovely voice if a somewhat "dated" style (but easily preferential to the even more dated disco rip-off.  The other two tracks may at least satisfy fans of the song and of Herb's singing, but they lack the universal appeal and artistic resonance of the Ellington/Strayhorn/Jeffries original).Here's where you'll find the pot of gold:The Blanton-Webster Band; OR the newer edition:Never No Lament the Blanton-Webster Band
Love the songs but they are not preformed by the original artists but they are okay I guess l l
This is close to the ORIGINAL CASTE'S version on TA-Talent Associates Records (dist by Bell), but it's a re-cut.At least it's better than that horridly annoying re-make on WB by Coven!!!The fraud here is using the original artist's name but NOT having a disclaimer that it's not the original hit version.Here's the original album and single hit version on CD. (not available on mp3, but who cares-convert it!)One Tin Soldier
Received the songs very quickly over Amazon cloud with no problems. However unfortunately the song titles at times did not match the actual songs. Furthermore there were duplicate songs in the CD collection. As background music this made things confusing at times.Contacted Amazon regarding the errors in the collection. Within two days they replied with apologies and refunded me back my purchase price. I thought that was outstanding of them.
If you're coming to this because you saw these fellows amazing Icelandic hymn sung in the train tunnel, as posted to youtube, you may be dissapointed. I was.There is nothing on this album similar to that.Its mellow, pretty pretty enough folk music. They're talented, but there is nothing in that vein here. Very disapointing for me, I'll probably never listen to the album again. I was hoping there might at least be one two  minimal/choral/haunting/awesome tracks like that example. Nope.
I'm not happy with this one. Even though it says 15 songs, there is only one and it comes up as a tile to click rather than an ongoing music to play on my music library
This CD is not the Beatles but another band singing Beatles songs.  I would not recommend this CD for Beatles fans.
OK, this gets low stars for one quick reason, the "MP3" is horridly compressed, audibly from an LP most likely. It is a re-hash of the excellent Capitol release from 1962 titled "Love Is A Game Of Poker" and you have to "close" on this one. Look for the two-fer at amazon of "Joy of Living" and this. It is a marvelous buy, and superior in engineering.
Exellent dance party songs from present time but not original artists. I woud not recommend this cd to anyone, because of it.
The music on this album is certainly nice to listen to; however, someone did a really bad job of transferring it into the MP3 format for downloading.  There are several tracks where the highs felt like they were going to blow my speakers.  The CD format may be a better choice if you're interested in the album, but I would definitely avoid the MP3 version.
I still have a copy of the vinyl album with quite a bit of wear and was hoping this was a good sounding replacement. Someone over-applied noise reduction software and the result is just unpleasant. I appreciate the effort, but if you are a fan Ms. Loring's I'd advise waiting for a different release.
Nothing much here that hasnt been put out before.Alas,same stuff.If you have been collecting Deanna Durbin for years,you dont really need this.However,if your just getting into her,pick this one up.You wont be too disapointed.As Indiana Jones would say,Trust Me.LOL
It isn't fair to call every song on this sampler a flop, there are some songs on here that are passable, but I certainly wouldn't describe any of them as inspired or amazing. On the other hand many of the songs could rightfully be described as atrocious and horrible, so I feel justified in renaming the album. The overall feel of this sampler is amateurish, if these are the "up and coming artists" of tomorrow, I'm more than a little worried about tomorrow.After hearing 4 or 5 songs in a row with very (what's a nice way of saying pathetic?) vocals, I was excited to hear a song come up that sounded lively and had a decent male/female vocal duo, but then I listened to the embarrassingly juvenile lyrics. Here is a sample for you from the song Hand Dance: "I lost my lease but I'll just pitch a tent, won't take too long his hands are frisky. All I want to do is dance with my hands no need to make other plans, all I want to do is dance with my hands these hands make such big demands. Don't need a partner, don't need a friend, all you need is to find your rhythm with every finger from base to end, pinky, ring, middle, index, thumb..." If that sounds suspiciously like a song about "self gratification", a few lines later you'll be sure when they proceed to talk about hair on their palms and going blind. If you also wonder how on earth those lyrics sound when sung to music, rest assured that they sound just as bad as when reading them in this review with no musical accompaniment.Another song called Too Much Too Handle sounds like a mash-up of Borat, Fabio, and Depeche Mode (and not in a good or funny way).It's hard to knock something that's free, hence the 2 stars. A few of the songs were okay, I almost even kinda sorta liked track #11, Into the Night. And one of the songs had a Planet of the Apes reference which made my nerdy side smile, too bad the rest of that song made my ears bleed, well almost.Overall, for free, if you've got an hour or so to listen to the album and separate the good from the bad you may find a few keepers. But then again, who has a spare hour to waste these days?
I only give this two stars instead of one because it is free. If I had paid for these songs I would be sorely disappointed. For the most part they are pretty terrible. The productions do not feel inspired, and the vocals on most of these tracks puts the hammer in the coffin.There are only 3 tracks in this compilation that I think deserve repeat listenings; 11. Into the Night - Isgaard & Loic, Scarlet Soho. 13. Too Much Too Handle - Opium. and 15. Respect (Remix) - Leonard T., Starfunk.
I didn't really get into it.
A little too instrumental....
I purchased this album download thinking the quality would be better than my original LP version. Boy, was I mistaken. Without exception, the first four songs (side one on the original disk) are plagued with clicks, pops, distortion, dropouts and sound anomalies. Not every track has all these glitches, but all tracks have one or more of these problems.Strangely, the last five tracks sound good without the problems noted in the first four. Those five tracks comprise side two of the original LP.I also noticed that the stereo separation is almost non-existent on all tracks as compared to the original recording. On my LP recording you can distinguish the women singing more from the left channel and the men more from the right channel. This coincides with the actual physical layout of the choir at all times during recording sessions and performances. The lack of channel separation and flatness suggests that these recordings were tinkered with either during the copying process or afterward. Not very professional, if you ask me.It's because of instances of lower than expected quality, such as this, that I have restricted my music downloads from Amazon to only necessary instances. Since Amazon refuses to back up the quality of their download music with a return policy, they are receiving much less of my download business.
While this has some rare content from the 1966-1978 period... the single Warner Bros. version of Only A Boy is repeated twice... and the WB single Blowin' My Mind listed in the track line-up is nowhere to be found.
It's a good thing I have this and the other roaring 20's by The Charlton City All Stars on Grand Award Albums and in very good condition and I put them on cds and they sound great. Always check the sound on these before buying.
I partly liked her "Covered" album--ok, not great--but this is a real disappointment. I feel churlish trashing a perky, cute new singer, but this is seriously mediocre. Her voice is pleasant--not distinctive, not great, a bit too generic, but nice. The material is dreadful. It is hard to know what is worse--the bland, hook-less songwriting that always seems incomplete or the soporific, sophomoric lyrics that make Avril Lavigne seem like Shakespeare. The melodies go nowhere. The lyrics are often laugh out loud funny. Or, perhaps the worst problem is the mechanical performance. If Alvord wants to succeed in the business, she plainly has a lot of work to do. Learning to write songs and lyrics would help.  Learning to sing with some phrasing and emotion would help a bit, too. There is nothing here that merits more than 2 stars--and that is generous.
These recordings by Connee Boswell--not "Connie Boswell"--were badly digitized, so, they're nearly inaudible.  But, if you're willing to turn the volume up way loud, you'll be able to enjoy the music.
This song could have been a big hit, but it was too flat.  Re-write the music and you'll find a gem.
Honestly, I'm not going to sugarcoat anything here. This product is really terrible. It basically sounded like a bunch of so-so players playing too fast with echo effect on, converting solo/optional duo pieces into chamber music pieces, totally ignoring the composer's intentions. It could be my high standards, but if the buyer wants to enjoy him/herself, this recording is not going to cut the ticket. What got into me when I bought this?The buyer beware...always.Signed,The terrible reviewer.
It was an odd mix.  Soothing?  Kind of.  There were a few pieces I liked that were instrumental only.  I was very unsettled by the mix.  I guess it didn't mesh well with my tastes.
I was disappointed but take the blame for the oversight.  I was looking to purchase the original version and chose the remake by mistake.  I'll pay better attention next time.
The songs are not sung by the original performers.  Some are ok, others are terrible.  If your looking for the classics, sung by the classics, don't by this.
This is a great album from Julie Andrews, recorded around the time of CAMELOT. However, this mp3 version is in mono, where the original was in stereo, and is likely taken from an LP. The album was released as a Spanish import from CBS Records Spain - those tracks are in stereo with much better fidelity, worth the search rather than buying these compromised download tracks.Here is a link to the version with better sound (and it includes a second album as well, Julie's 1962 music hall album "Don't Go In The Lion's Cage Tonight")Broadway's Fair Julie/Heartrending Ballads & Raucous Ditties
I was not aware this would not be the original artist, don't care for remakes by copycat groups. Should have read more.
Bought  "25. Starships" for my nieces but I won't be able to play it for them due to explicit language. Should have better labeling.
I absolutely love this band. I've been listening to them and seeing them live since their first album and in some cases I liked them even more than the bands they were opening for. I had never heard such a refreshing blend of metal/punk/reggae. Their lyrics used to be really decent too, including many songs of protest and issues of today, fun enough to joke about getting stoned and serious enough to ask WTF about political and personal injustices. Just an excellent band across the board.Unfortunately, on their new album they didn't even try to conceal the fact that they are a pop band now. TBS obviously didn't make this album for fans of their previous work. I understand they wanted the exposure any band gets from selling out and they will definitely get that exposure making this type of music. Lots of people will hear them now that never would've before and most of those people will like it. That's why they call it pop.It is my personal opinion though that TBS is just moving in a direction that I will not be following. It's simply because they are no longer making the music I've come to expect from them. So I could never recommend this album to anyone who knows them from the first two albums. However to those who enjoy the poppy sounding alternative/reggae, I would definitely recommend this over a lot of the other crap out there.
This CD sounds nothing like their first 2 CD's. TBS is one of my favorite bands and was so stoked to buy this CD. I know am debating about deleting this album like it never happened. I wish they would go back to their old style. More rock and reggae and less pop.
what's with that?  need to be able to put with the rest if my music - am I missing something?
I loved their rendition of the Star Spangled Banner and it was worth the price of the CD to get it.
In my opinion, The Star Spangled Banner should be about the song, not the artist. This rendition is about the artist & it feels over-produced & over-done. That was my first and lasting impression of this rendition, which I formed before I learned of the back-story about this release. The back-story won't change my impression.While I appreciate what this group is doing, I can't say that I appreciate this version of the song. I know I am in the minority with this review, but that is my honest opinion.
I just saw Johnny with Cracker. He's a very good, live, performer.  I guess I was expecting more from such a good guitar player.
I am huge fan of Pete's work with Harem Scarem and Fairground.  Pure and simple, Pete is probably the least known guitar god in music history.  Guitar playing is unquestionably his forte'.  Unfortunately, what is very evident fom the first spin here is that Pete Lesperance's strength is not in being the singer/main songwriter.His voice is pleasantnough, but lacks that element that makes you have to listen.  If the ones were stronger, perhaps it would make up for that....but sadly it does not.From the opening track, the very Cheryl Crow sounding &#34;Say Hello&#34;,  this album really goes nowhere.  The songwriting it very predictable, lazy, and lacks any degree of surprise.Save Me and Hollywood are pleasant enough songs, but not nearly enough to fill the void.Fairground had all the elements found here, only with a little more energy and stronger songs.Two stars is a push.
The preview for the first track gave me some hope for this tribute. The second preview was the first preview. That could possibly hint at a scam, so i went to the third track's preview. That's when the disappointment ensued. The first song was the only somewhat promising track. All the others ruined it. If that first tracks preview wasn't decent, i'd have given you a 1.
Mirusia's voice is not suited for contemporary music.  She's at her best singing classics like Ave Maria, Panis Anelicus etc.
Some good songs but not consistent in quality. Moreno has a good voice, I'm hoping his next release is stronger.
Who wrote the book of love is really Book Of Love by the Monotones (not by the Cleftones).Cry Cry Cry is actually called My True Story.This isn't of a quality that belongs on Amazon.
Music, no lyrics.  No where in the ad did it state that there was no picture or words...just intrumental music.
Being an avid Martha Wash fan, I had become accustomed to her unique & awesome singing style & range. This cd seemed like a much more toned down version of her. Although the lyrics are very inspirational, i was expecting so much more after being away for such a long time :-(
I was dissapointed with these guys after only one spin.  Not much more to say at this time, OK?  n
It's all just the same vocals over and over again with different people or voicaloids its hard to tellThe only reason I give this 2 stars is because of the bass
The songs are great. But some of them were wrongly labelled. It is annoying when you select your favorite songs, they appear to be different ones.
Idk how to explian how bizarre this album is. It's a bunch of random Christmas songs from the 1950s and 60s, mixed in with a bunch of random kpop songs from 2007-2012. The Christmas songs have nothing to do with Korea or today's pop music and the kpop has nothing to do with Christmas. There are kpop stars that covered Christmas songs and there are a some korean contemporary Christian artists so why doesn't this album have ANY of those songs?UPDATE: after listening to more of the album, these kpop songs aren't the original. It's like karaoke or something.
I bought it based on a review that I read and it to me is not romantic. I am quite disappointed and stopped it after listening to half of it.
It does not sound like the song and would be extremely hard for anyone to sing to it, much less the 8 year old I bought it for.
Prince is obviously a Jackyl fan, because their three year old "Screwdriver" is one of the hardest rocking tunes ever written, and has more clever wordplay than Prince"s ripoff version...........take a listen...
I wanted to like this album but just couldn't. It's more Lion King on Broadway Part: XThe stories are intriguing and depressing, so it has that going for it.
Back in the late 1970's and early 1980's dance music ruled not just the dancefloors but the world's airwaves. There were many dance divas, and many of them could sing. Some of these ladies had huge international hits, but only one of them, Donna Summer, scored one international hit after another, for several years. Thelma Houston can sing, so can Linda clifford, France Joli, Carol Douglas and various others included here, but what they didn't have was the star power Donna Summer had, right from the start. Donna's voice was the ONLY 'dance' voice that truly stood out enough for her to continue making her mark in the pop mainstream. A string of number one hit singles and albums certified Donna Summer as a global superstar - and whilst these ladies's certainly do their best here, it proves once and for all how no one can quite capture the essence of a dance song like Donna Summer always did. The sad truth is that each of these ladies are almost unidentifiable here - yet as soon as Donna ever opened her mouth to sing there wasn't a single person who didn't instantly recognise the depth, clarity and powerful precision of that most enduring and seductive of voices.
Today I came across Boyfriend Material, the new and "fresh" single from Brandon Word.I have to say the effort put into the artwork for this mp3 was well wasted. I mean seriously he looks like a gnome; a gnome that sounds like the afterbirth between Fallout  Boy and Ke$ha. The song is too repetitive, too flashy, and is lacking in musicianship. Instead of using the musical prowess of Metallica and Demon Hunter to torture terrorists in Guantanamo Bay, they should use this song. After listening to this track I immediately became an atheist, no real God would allow something this terrible to happen. Further more, this download is overpriced; you should be paying me to listen to this. Constructive criticism never hurt anybody, thnks fr th mmrs!
Terrible production...only one song worthwhile that Phil Davis produced. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Nor should amazon...please don't do it.
Wrong type of music,not my style. Preview was not what I was expecting!! A Jazzy BIG BAND WOULD BE BETTER!
Information for the songs have been switched so I can't tell which song I'm listening to.  I was able to identify Track 6 and Track 11 as having been switched.  My french is not good enough for me to tell if any other songs are affected, but this is not acceptable.
I've been a huge fan since seeing her on Supernova.  Such an amazing voice, energy and emotions.  I've been watching her YouTube videos recently and they are just amazing. So when I saw this I immediately purchased it.  Unfortunately, I'm very disappointed.  Where's the energy?  If Dilana only found a song writer or two, . . .
Nothing here really works for me.  Bought this for the Wilco connection, and found a slightly bland, slightly boring mid-tempo album.
I'm over 50, and my musical tastes formed in the 1970's and 1980's.  I grew up listening to America, Abba, The Beach Boys, Jackson Brown, Dan Fogelberg, Hall & Oates, Michael Jackson, Elton John,  Billy Joel, Carole King, Simon & Garfunkel, Steely Dan.  Even when these artists used electronic instruments, most of them tried to sound like the acoustic instruments they replaced.So, Vienna Teng's dive into electronica that deliberately sounds synthetic is off-putting to me, especially since I was a big fan of her old, acoustic sound.  The vocal harmonizer, which provides what Teng calls her "instant Vienna choir," sounds particularly creepy to me. In addition, I can make sense of lyrics on only two songs: the buoyant Level Up and the gentle but chilling The Hymn of Acxiom. The rest simply seems like an unrevised, poetic stream of consciousness.I even went to a live performance of Teng's recently to see if that would give me a better appreciation of her new sound, but I was similarly repelled by most of the music.So, while I wish Teng success with a new audience, I won't be listening to this or future similar albums.I respect the right of Teng to explore new sounds, but on a visceral level, it leaves me cold.
Jon Mclaughlin has always been a second-rate pop star, but one I've very much enjoyed listening to in the past.  "Industry" is a favorite song, and he can usually be found on my iPod when I'm not making room for John Meyer, Sara Bareilles (with whom he's collaborated very nicely) and other singer/songwriters I like just a little bit more.  That said, "Holding My Breath" is second-rate Jon McLaughlin, which makes for a very dull listening experience.  First of all, the album is far too ballad heavy, each one more ponderous than the next.  And what up-tempos there are just don't grab me much.  Ultimately, when I want my McLaughlin fix, the tracks on "Holding My Breath" aren't the ones to which I'll be gravitating.
There is nothing amazing on this album. There is some good stuff, but some not so good stuff too. Frankly, it's just OK.
I bought Winter Fields with the recommendation from a friend and found it not for my young adult taste. The lyrics are sophomoric; the melody is simple pop. My recommendation: stream the album for free (and legally) before purchasing to make sure Winter Fields fits your simple (or less aged) musical taste; however, I cannot see this selection appealing to a wide audience beyond 9-15 year olds.
The music is great for work outs.  The songs do not sound like the artists that truly sing the songs.  It could be the timing of the songs.  The songs seem to play faster then they should.  Not happy at all with the quality.
I didn't realize I was purchasing a CD with 1 song on it. Maybe this was my error but I was not happy with the item.
I bought this because I believed that it was mostly music that Nickel Creek used to play when they first started.  Instead, most of the tracks are loud, raucous stuff that I really don't like.If you like crazy rock you will like this.  If you like the music that was on Nickel Creek's first album, you won't.  All a matter of preferences.
Bad choice.  Bought for my grandson, who wanted it.  Voice is ok, key sounds a little flat.  My mistake for not noticing the minor key.  Song was just as advertised.  Only a buck, so its ok.