I don't like all the songs but there few albums  recorded that I do like all . It's like pizza, you might like what I don't and vice versa. I think reviewing music is useless, it's to one's individual tastes, so don't go by this and buy what you think you'll like. This of course will be my last music review.
"My Lost Soprano" is a terrific song, that I first heard on Pandora.  I bought the album soon there after... but that song is really one of a kind on this album.  The rest of the music is alright, but not great.  Lyrics are often difficult to understand (both because the enunciation isn't great, and they don't seem to make a lot of sense), and kinda goofy.Not the best album I've ever purchased... I can't listen to it comfortably, but (aside from "My Lost Soprano") there's not much to talk about.
thought that the words would come with it since it is the karaoke version-bummer they don't
I had the original vinyl LP, and being a guitar freak, I really loved some (not all) of the songs.  It's great to get the MP3s.
This album is good but if you really Love Barbara's work its not as good. The songs are great no matter who sings them.
I found the music served its purpose as a motivator during my workouts. Good variety and the neccessary beats to drive through the workout.
For Halloween, we had an old electric organ prop and we wanted some music to go with it. This album was perfect -- the early electric organs had a very unique sound, and this album has some very catchy polka tunes, as well as a fabulous version of "It's a Small World". It's a time capsule of early electronic music.
I'm Walkin' sounds like the 'boots' era...It's Spring sounds like her 1968-1969...could've been on her 'Nancy' LPPut Your Head On My Shoulder [one of her best]June, July and August [nice]This Love Of Mine [one of her dad's]--written by a Sinatra [which?]There Goes The Bride/Ecco Esspossa [English & non-English versions]Just Think About The Good Times [A 'happy' break up song]Cruel War [A sad...old folk song]Where Do The Lonely Go [another sad one]Geronimo-- [from a pre-boots movie she appeared]All things considered, the Bubble Gum Girl discs are a must have for music collectors...I wonder if there will be a Volume Three...Why wasn't she a teen idol back then...???
If it had the original recordings, it'd be a whole lot better! I do like some of these "Drew's  Famous," recordings for other celebrations!
Originally released as an LP in 1972 on the RCA label. Nancy takes off her boots and tough image for this one.The songs are softer...probably to promote her 1970's Las Vegas shows.The album wasn't promoted much by the label or by disc jockeys. Nancy was married and 'different' here. The boots and her mentor Lee Hazlewood are absent.There aren't any tracks worth mentioning. The LP is sought after by collectors on aution sites.Get it if you really enjoy Nancy. It's a worthwhile addition to your collection. It will show you the difference the Reprise label and Lee Hazlewood made.This album would've been awesome with the right label, songs, arrangements, production, cover design, and promotion.
Considering that Dragonforce are about to fling a new slab of breakneck-paced melodic metal at the world, I figured it was high time I put down my thoughts on the debut, after having a year to take it in.  Obviously, the most striking feature is their sheer speed, matching the velocity of most thrash bands, but infusing it with a keen melodic sensibility.  These choruses are some of the catchiest I have ever heard. The production is very top heavy; a little scratchy on the ears at high volumes, but I suspect that the material translates well into a live setting.  The guitar solos shred so hotly I'm surprised Herman Li's guitars don't burst into flame; but, they can be over the top with the flash and pomp.  They can write some great hooks, but the songs are not varied enough to make this a truly special experience; it holds on for a long time provided you don't listen to it too much so that it stays fresh.  If they can exert more range in their tempos and dynamics in the future, they could easily top this respectable, but not great, debut full length.  I've got my fingers crossed.
I liked this debut album from dragonforce, it is better than their later album ultra beat down which was a terrible clone of inhuman rampage. But I know DF usually does the same 100 MPH melodic speed metal with 10 minute hyper sonic solos but this album was not really that bad at all.The first song valley of the damned kinda sounds like future world from helloweens keeper albums and ZP Theart sings a little like michael kiske (ex helloween) but he mostly sings like chris bay (freedom call) too. And some of the rest of the songs sound like freedom call in a sonic hyper version with wonderful anthems too, and one of their songs I was kinda surprised they played accoustics lightly calm considering they always go kinda speedy.Dragonforce is usually not a 5 star band to me due to the fact that they are a very repetitive power metal band + they don't establish their own sound exept their a sonic fast band of course. They are usually a cheap imitation of much better power metal bands out there, But I gave this album a chance and I liked it so I rate this album 3 stars which is not bad at all for this band and album.Overall good album not great but if your new to DF then this is one of the best places to start and the sonic firestorm album too.\m/ stay metal!
I own all three of Dragonforce's albums, and this was the last one that I purchased.  It definitely has a different sound to it than Sonic Firestorm and Inhuman Ramapge.  VOtD isn't quite as filled with guitar shreddage and the overall recording sounds kind of echoey and hollow.  I really like the sound of their last two albums better than this one.  If you are new to Dragonforce I would suggest Sonic Firestorm and Inhuman Rampage, in that order, before you purchase this album.  They have better recording quality and I think also better songs and overall a better sound.
The content is great, slight modifications here and there from the original record.I own the original album and the original album sounds better, there is less electronic messup in the sound.This remade album sounds bad, I tested on high end system and both audio engineers i know are totally agreeing with me.
Dragonforce is an amazing band. Not one of their member is not a phenomenally skilled and talented musician. Don't bother with this album, though. Buy their 5-song demo, also titled Valley Of The Damned. It blows this album out of the water. Frankly, I was very excited to get this cd because usually demos are just that, demonstrations in preparation of what the real thing will be. Not so. The musicianship is still topnotch (with the exception of Starfire), but the mixing quality is terrible and not even consistent.The title track, Valley Of The Damned, is so poorly mixed I actually winced. The demo version is the pinnacle of perfection as an example of what power metal should be. This recording is so badly mixed it hurt. The guitars overpower everything, the drums and bass are not audible and the vocals can barely be heard.Black Fire, a new song, is excellent and mixed much better than the previous track, but the lyrics are derivative of Revelations. It is a good song, but not enough to save this album. Let's move on...Black Winter Night is one of my favorite songs off the demo cd, but this version was poorly conceived and I'm not sure it can even really be called the same song. Only the intro, a portion of the verse and the breakdown are even the same. The chorus is entirely new; new song structure, new lyrics, etc. And it doesn't work. They turned what was an amazing song into a song that doesn't gel well, at all. If I hadn't heard the original version, I could have forgiven it but this just doesn't work.Starfire, well let's just say they shouldn't even have bothered. The musician is not up to par, and it's played at a slower tempo than the original which, while not necessarily bad, ruins this. It almost feels as if the band was asleep while recording it.Disciples of Babylon suffers somewhat from mixing problems, but overall is still excellent. There was some reworking of the song structure and lyrics, but the song remains rocking.Revelations suffers from mixing problems, though strangely the instrumentation is mixed perfectly, the lead vocals are far too low in the mix and the backing vocals are at the proper level...that is if the lead vocals had been mixed properly. As it is, they drown out the leads. The song is still amazing, however. The plus to this recording of the song is that the keys are much more distinguishable in the mix than on the demo.Evening Star, another new song, almost makes me feel like I can forget the faults this album has. The song is perfect. The mixing is near perfect. The dueling guitar solos, common to most every Dragonforce song, rise to a new level of musical skill. This is by far the shining jewel of the album.Heart Of A Dragon, the last track and the final new song on the album, reminds me of something though what I can't say. It is good, but nothing special. It seems like a poor way to end the album. Maybe if it was tucked into the middle of the track listing somewhere, it wouldn't have mattered as much. This song just doesn't really do it for me somehow. Nothing wrong with it specifically, it's just not terribly inspired or original compared to their other works.Overall, the cd is good...but not great. If more time had been spent in the studio at the mixing board and less trying to 'improve' already fantastic songs the thing would have been much better. It almost feels as if this was the demo piece, and their previous work the actual album. Sorry, Dragonforce; I love you, but this needs work. Worth the money for diehard fans only.
This album boasts incredible vocals and harmonies, the problem is they are very difficult to hear, the singer is hardly audible over the drums, which are turned up far beyond what they should be in comparison to the other instruments. This doesn't exactly help the CD, since the drums are, I think, the weakest part of this band, the drummer is a bit of a one-trick pony who seems only capable of playing lightning-fast beats, even at parts of the song when it feels like the beat should be slower.  You want to use slow beats often, so when you increase the speed, intensity can increase, but if you stay at maximum intensity through the better part of a song, instead of getting a more intense number, it just starts to get annoying.Guitar, bass and synth are all incredibly strong, but like the vocals to a lesser extent, can be difficult to hear at times.I think Dragonforce is a great band with an incredible amount of technical ability.  I think their problem is they often let showcasing that technical ability get in the way of what is pleasing to the ear.
They describe their sound "as a mix of modern melodic power metal with the fury of speed metal...Catchy melodies that stick straight into your head, combined with outrageous speed, power and totally over the top dual guitar wizardry...enough hooks to fill an ocean, enough technical process to satisfy progressive metal lovers, guitar solos to have you playing air guitar. ...catchy melodies and the strong voice of an outstanding metal shouter."The description brought a smile to my face. "This image with the `all metal' black leather and well styled flowing locks (sadly I note no Vidal Sassoon hair products sponsorship) is to good to be true", I thought to myself.Being an old closet `power metal' fan with forefathers `Manowar' and the likes of `Hammerfall' rating us a couple of my favourite acts, I ordered a copy of their debut release `Valley of the Damned'.As you weave your way through the intro `Invocation of Apocalyptic Evil' it's a clear you've entered the realms of true power metal. Strap on the suit of armour people your in for a full frontal assault! Sam Totman (English/Kiwi) and Herman Li's (Hong Kong) guitar combination, speed through this multicultural army's debut release with melodic precision. The drumming of Frenchman Didier Almouzni and bass genius of ex member Diccon Harper (it's going to take big feet to fill these shoes!) compliment the keyboard work of Ukranian Vadim Pruzhanov perfectly. Last but not least the vocal range and power of South African ZP Theart is comparable to the best screamers out there. As you are pile driven through classics like `Black Winter Night', `Evening Star' and finally dismounting at `Heart of the Dragon' I am left nodding in agreement, the description in their biography is no exaggeration. The smile on my face is no longer one of cynicism but one of satisfaction and approval!If there's any constructive criticism I have to say that the vocals sit too far back in the mix and the price is a little dear for only 8 tracks, not counting the intro.All in all this is a release to get your hands on and an act to watch out for."HAIL DRAGONFORCE HAIL!"
It's okay metal, but really it sounds just like everything else from Dragonforce.  There is nothing to distinguish this album from anything else they've done.  Good background noise for drowning out the blah blah blah at work.
Having heard of him mostly through trading live shows, I got used to the acoustic guitar and vocals. Songs like &#34;Dreams&#34; and &#34;Get It Right One Time&#34; sound great solo acoustic, and the full band doesn't complement them as well. Previous recordings of &#34;Graduation&#34; are superior to the one on this album, but &#34;On Sunday&#34; &#34;Famous&#34; and &#34;All of Us&#34; are well-crafted, and support the album as a whole. If you can find a live work, its quality music, this comes across slightly overproduced. Voice sounds similar to Jake Snider from Minus the Bear.
Billy May was an amazingly prolific arranger back in the 50s (and before and after to a lesser degree). This two-disc compilation of tracks from various Capitol albums shows his range. It also, unfortunately, shows his limitations...or at least his overuse of his favorite, signature gimmick, the so-called "slurping saxes." After listening to five or six or more tracks on this compilation, you kind of wish he'd found at least one more gimmick. The title is in a sense revealing: what you get is "all of him."
Decent effort from this band love the guitars rifts and the drums as well as the production on this album the only problem is the singing is just horrible don't know why but just horrible I mean I can stand bands such as BURZUM, DARKTHRONE, and MAYHEM but not this crap.all n all if you like Black Metal or Extreme Metal I would not recommend this to you
I'm not going to get into a big review of the actual quality of this album vs others or even the previous release this artist had with the boy band O-Zone. I stumbled onto the song Whap-pa through finding out "where are they now?" of the band O-Zone and the song just stuck in my mind. My kids loved the artsy bright colored video and beat and most of the songs are quite nice from a beat. There's a few strange things I don't quite get like the syncopated beat of something that sounds like wine glasses breaking on the floor in the Whap-Pa remix (Track 10), but I like the unique sound of it as a contrast to other American mainstream music. I do need to say that there's a few problems with the Amazon download of the album that you will want to fix -- however don't let what I'm about to say discourage you from buying the music because it's not hard to fix the issue at all. Here's the problem -- almost every song is either mis-tagged, mixed up or mis-named. (This is not a purely Amazon issue -- this same album is mixed up differently over on I Tunes.) However, here's how to fix it up like the real CD. (NOTE: When I say *Rename it* I mean the actual file itself that is on the hard drive. Retagging I mean that once you rename it, go to a tag editor and change the tag there to what  you renamed it to and the track it is supposed to be).Track 1 is not Perfect body. Rename it 01 - Whap-pa (original) and then retag it. Track 2 is not Tu Nu. Rename the file 02 - Perfect Body and retag it for track and title. Track 3 is SUPPOSED to be Ya Proshu, but the physical file is wrong. Tracks 3 and 4 are physically switched. So, go to the 04 - Zambesti... and rename it to 03 - Ya Proshu and then retag as appropriate. Simultaneously, rename the original track 3 to 04 - Tu Nu and then retag that. Track 5 is listed as "fly" on Amazon but is actualy Zambesti cu Mine. Rename the physical file and retag. Track 6 is Suna Seara on amazon. Rename it to 06 - Fly and retag it. Track 7 is listed as Leave me Alone on Amazon, but it needs to be renamed as 07 - Suna Seara (then retag). 08 on amazon is listed as Whap-pa but is not. Rename it to 08 - Leave Me Alone and retag. 09 on amazon is listed as Whap-pa. Well that is finally correct, but to distinguish it, I renamed it to 09 - Whap-Pa (English Version) and retagged. Finally Track 10 should be renamed as 10 Whap-pa (RMX RadU) and retagged. Whew!  I don't know how everything got off kilter but if you do as above you'll be fixed up to the right file/tag and match out with the album as available from Radu's website. To the quality -- Amazon's DRM-free high quality MP3s are awesome and the album is cheaper here than on iTunes.
OK, this album MAY be anywhere from two stars, to three and a half. It's hard to judge, and personally, I'm looking at it thru the lense of every album this band put out previous to this one, which was their last album.  Apparently, the big bucks that bands like HUMBLE PIE were pulling in from the states, tempted KROKODIL to change their style enough, to hopefully cash in themselves. On the other hand, the band had to change to be relevant, and it's not like this music is done poorly, or is way out of touch with the rock esthetic of the day. Most musicans had come back down to earth, after the heady, stratospheric days of psychedelia. The sitar days, and Hippie ways, were a dream worn out for the most part by 1973.  There is a small touch of their freaky past, and even a little bit of the sitar/flute sounds swirling around, in the ambient opening parts of the side long epic song LINGER. But Prog, and Hard rockin' blooze music had conquered the day, and that is by far the majority of songs you have here. SWEAT AND SWIM is a double album, and most of the songs run a little bit on the LONG side. Synth sounds, possibly a moog, dominate Krokodil's "progressive" numbers. (Like the song SKYLAB.) The other songs often sound interchangable with SAVOY BROWN, or HUMBLE PIE.  (except this band NEVER got into the big brass sound, and kept their classic harmonica sound on many..most in fact, of these numbers.) Their prog sound at this point, might best be seen as a distilation of YES, SPOOKY TOOTH, and URIAL HEEP. The band still were creative and entertaining, but nowhere near as often, as they had been. SWEAT AND SWIM's shortest song is this 4 minute acoustic guitar and violin folk number, BILLY DEE, (about a junkie, of course.) Folk was a style always found on Krokodil's albums, but of the surreal, freak out variety like Donovan's heyday. BILLY DEE could easy be re-titled NEEDLE AND THE DAMAGE DONE PART 2.  Were slow folk songs about heroin de riguer for this time? Maybe. I suppose the sad thing for me, is to know that this band could have achieved so much more than they did. Their singers were fantastic, they had great chops on a wide variety of instruments, and could compose songs and lyrics of a high quality.  So, why end the band on a derivitive BLOOZE note?  I suppose the band were forced to kowtow to the "MUSIC BUSINESS", which  had elipsed the freedom of the "HIPPIE MUSIC REVOLUTION" of 1968. Money motivated the 1973 scene, and not communal living--drug addiction replaced conscousness expansion.  Krokodil couldn't have been able to go ALL PROG the way some bands in the German Lands did. They simply were connectioned too strongly to the Blues. At the same time, I don't know if they were able to go anywhere further, that would have been truly unique, with their blues vision. Maybe this was the last musical statement, the band felt obliged to release to the public. Altho I do own this album, it's one which I almost never play. I have a couple of songs I like, but that's not saying much, when you have a double album of material to chose from. Personally, the whole esthetic behind 16-20 minute long songs, doesnt much interest me. If you want to do an extended song, it should have a bit of structure, and not sound as tho you are meadering around, looking for a few good melodic sparks to pull the song forward. PINK FLOYD pulled it off with ECHOS, and the Grateful Dead with DARK STAR, but this band really arent at their level.  As I listen to the album, and write this, I can honestly say, that the album is well produced, and isnt a total drag. Even tho the band's sound seems more commercial here, its still far more original, than many bands are today.  If you enjoy the early 70s extended blues sound, along with that whole progressive  JAM SOUND, you would enjoy this CD. Personally, I still would recommend someone new to this band, to hear SWAMP, or even GETTING UP FOR THE MORNING as a first pick.  PLease, dont think I'm saying that this CD is for completists only.  Its just the least interesting album they did, to my ears.
I have been a Mike Oldfield fan since Tubular Bells came out so many years ago. I bought this after listening to the sample here because it sound remixed or something. Turns out, this is not Tubular Bells by Mike Oldfield. Whether it's a very early studio test recording or more likely a re-creation, it's a decent recording, but it's not the real thing. I found a note at the bottom of a Wikipedia review searching for "Mike Oldfield Crown Records" and no one knows what this really is. It's a cheap curiousity for an Oldfield fan, but go find the real one if you've never heard it before. The other reviews here are for a greatest hits album called "Elements", but this isn't Elements either.
Candy's Waltz is interesting. The odd song left off FChanges (Love will be here)This is the second Sundazed release of Bryans solo stuff - his first release posthumously (Praise & Worship came out afterwards)The songs are okay, though I tend to enjoy the earlier ifyoubelievein set, and I advise new Bryan solo fans to start thereThe last track is a radio interview, which is a lot of fun. Nice to hear the man after all this timeHip Hip Hooray is the dumb song on the set (on ifyoubelievein dumb song out was People - Bryan had earlier called it the Dumbbell song)I'm assuming most of the people reading this have heard the early albums that Bryan was on with Love. If not, pick up Forever Changes IMMEDIATELY. Bryan has a couple really good songs on that, and contributes excellent acoustic guitar to that album as wellUnfortunately there are no Love demos on this album (like the earlier ifyoubelievein). Kathleen is the only repeat from the earlier solo album (here its played live)The liner notes are wonderful (hey! its Sundazed! what do you expect!)If you like this album, investigate the 2cd Praise and Worship, and of course ifyoubelievein. Unfortunately, Arthur Lee's solo albums (Vindicator, Arthur Lee) are not as good as any of Bryans solo album, although he did carry on Love after Bryan. Four Sail is probably the best of a patchy lot (FS is the last album Love cut for Elektra)Taster tracks: If you could be here, Claudine's Samba
Just needed it for an event.  Not really my kind of music. Would I get it again?  Probably not again.
The songs on here are really annoying but at the same time kind of funny. The kids will love it but you'll be ready for your own trip to the local psychiatric center after this.
I really hope it's Amazon's fault, but "The Nurse Who Loved Me" and "A Stranger", although both beautifully done, are reversed in the track order.  If you're buying these tracks as singles, bear this in mind.  (If you are a part of Vitamin String Quartet, maybe you can take this disc down to fix the error and relist it... just a thought.)I was going to give this CD four stars over the first collection as being overall better arrangements and more carefully done (and less of the "pedal effects" that are not wanted on such music; If you can't do it live, it's got no business in a Quartet), but I have to be honest.
JOY TO THE WORLD (CS 8) was manufactured in the mid-'60s by L.A.-based MODERN/CROWN Records on their CUSTOM label. Despite this company's poor track record for pressing quality, especially with CROWN, my copy of this Ivan Ditmars LP has an exceptionally quiet surface, with practically no extraneous noise. Quality control was lax however on program cover and label listings. There is no 8th track on Side One ("Carol of the Shepherds") and "Deck the Halls" is misidentified as "Deck the Hall with Ivy."There's little web info on organist Ivan Ditmars. Born in Olympia, WA. on 4/12/07, he was a composer and radio show orchestra leader. Ditmars wrote a Brahms paraphrase for theSeason 3 STAR TREKepisode "Requiem for Methuselah," was musical director onLET'S MAKE A DEALand scored theROGER RAMJETcartoon series. Ivan Ditmars died in Encinitas, CA. on 9/10/97.His keyboard skills are most obvious here on "God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen," most of which is played at a very brisk tempo.Some of these performances begin with simulated church bells (chimes), while on others they're only heard mid-way through, and briefly.SIDE ONE[2:37] O Come All Ye Faithful[3:08] Silent Night[1:51] Joy to the World[1:58] The First Nol[2:09] It Came Upon a Midnight Clear[1:51] Angels We Have Heard on High[1:47] Deck the HallsSIDE TWO[2:36] Hark! The Herald Angels Sing[2:17] Away in a Manger[2:49] O Little Town of Bethlehem[2:03] While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks[1:43] God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen[3:26] O Holy Night[2:08] Good King WenceslasTOTAL TIME: 32:23
Beware of poor sound quality. It may be lifted from vinyl because my LP sounds similar. Nonetheless it's the only way to hear &#34;I Know You Love Me Not&#34; and for fans the tracks are easily worth .69 each. Check out her later album under the name Julie Tippets (titled Encore) instead, also an MP3--classic stuff.
I have to agree with M - this is a rip.  I only want one song from this album, but I had to buy the whole thing to get it. (check the listing for the actual CD rather than the digital download version - you'll get a much better price, particularly if you buy a used one)I'm not paying four or five times as much for MP3 files when I can create all the MP3 files I want from the CD.
I purchased this album for just a few of the songs (&#34;I Hear the Bells&#34;, &#34;I Know I Know I Know&#34; and &#34;No Sleep Tonight&#34;), but it is a pretty good album overall. If you are a Veronica Mars fan, then this album will definitely bring out some nostalgia and remind you of some of the great moments from the first two seasons. All of that being said, I probably would not purchase this album again. The only song that I really listen to on a regular basis is &#34;I Hear the Bells&#34; - the other songs I don't love, and not all of them are great for casual listening - they are very situational with respect to the show. If you are only really interested in 1 or 2 songs, then I recommend just purchasing them, rather than the entire album - 8 bucks is a lot for a bunch of music you are not going to listen to. I love &#34;I Hear the Bells&#34; because of the scene where it is used (in alterna-prom, where Logan confesses his love for Veronica/all his regrets about the last two years), but none of the other songs really make me want to sit down and listen.
I saw a play about the life of Judy Holliday, and learned that Judy wrote and sang her own songs. Unfortunately, the woman playing Judy sang 100 times better than the real Judy. I don't recommend this record.
Mercer was a songwriting genius and an excellent, swinging vocalist but as others have noted the arrangements here are often distractingly cheesy and dated. Recorded in the mid '70's they sound EXACTLY as if Mercer were guesting on Donny & Marie or The Tony Orlando & Dawn Show.  Still, his lyrics and vocals triumph, and nowhere else that I've found do you get The Man Himself singing Summer Wind, which alone makes the CD worth your cash.
The big hit from this album was Nikita, but there are other strong tunes: Cry to heaven, Shoot down the moon. This town is a fine opener but there is a problem or two: First, it's uneven, some tracks seem like generic filler. Also, like several of his other 80's albums, the whole thing sounds too synthetic and over-produced. Just listen to the live TV version of This Town (on youtube) - it's more dynamic, sounding like a real performance. The studio version sound like a compressed studio product, not the real thing. However, Eltons melodic sense and professionalism makes this better than many other 80's pop records, so I gave this three instead of two stars. But it's mostly for the loyal fans - Ice on fire will hardly be remembered as his masterpiece.
When Elton John released this cd i saw him playin a concert in Madrid. He played two songs that are overlooked gems: "Paris" and "Cry to Heaven"...two extraordinary songs from the Elton John catalogue. One on this songs is on this cd "Cry to Heaven". Also very good are "Nikita" (a smash hit all over the world) and the beautifull song he wrote for John Lennon "The man who never died", a piano and synthetiser instrumental played with great passion and power. There are other lesser good songs on this cd but you can bet the ones are very good.
When I bought this record, I was thinking it would be a disaster, but after listening it carefully, I discovered that it was not the usual average quality generally delivered by Elton, but at the same time, I found some songs very interesting. I heard and knew "Nikita", the obvious hit, a great song, and I wondered what about the other songs on the album. Now in my point of view at least "This Town", "Soul Glove", "Cry to heaven",  "Too young" and perhaps "Wrap her up" are very worthy songs. But I felt a little dissapointed with the other songs. The sound on this album is dominated by electronic keyboards rather than the usual piano, which is only hardly audibe on a very few songs in the background. If I had to rate the overall original album, I'd give it two stars. And why do I rate it wiht three stars? The answer can be found hearing the bonus items included, "The man who never died" is a great instrumental and the other three live tracks are not great but good. An album with some good songs mixed with other dark stuff that it's not what you can expect from Elton, but is far from being the disaster I supposed when I read the other reviews.
That one word tends to summarize the feeling I get when listening to this album. Elton certainly was searching for the right mix of popular trends of the day and traditional hit making formulas that served him well in the beginning.This album came at a very crucial time for Elton. He just bounced back with a solid offering with 1980's 21 @ 33 and it's huge hit "Little Jeannie". Fans like myself were very anxious to see what would come next. And while, I like a lot of this album, the parts are better than the whole.Actually, the first half (before the instrumental, which started side two on LP in the old days) comes right out of the gate surprising strong. And to this day, the first couple of songs hold up pretty well: the rocker "Breaking Down Barriers", the blues/rock "Heart In The Right Place", the pop fun of "Just Like Belgium" and the FM-rocker "Fascist Faces". The only notable exception is the Euro-disco "Nobody Wins"). But side two, while contains some down right gems, can't seem to hold the album together. After the lush orchestral "Carla/Etude" we get a syn-new age "Fanfare" which serves as a bridge to the bluesy and wonderful ballad "Chloe".At this point, the listener isn't sure whats going to happen - which can be a good thing but not from Elton John. Experimentation is not his strongest suit. The next three songs "Heels Of The Wind", "Elton's Song" and title track are very different from each other. "Heels" hints at a song much better to come, which was called "I'm Still Standing". "Elton's Song" is a tender and beautiful ballad that seems out of place, much like the songs story of a boy with a crush on another boy. And the title track ends on the album on a country/rock note which may be Bernie Taupin's finest bio of Elton written to date.One of the issues working against this release was David Geffen's rejection of six of the original songs submitted. Afterall, Geffen lured Elton to his then new record label and wanted to make sure he would get his return on investment. Hot producer of the moment Chris Thomas produced half of the album but showed no signs of his brillance on albums just released by The Pretenders or INXS. It would take awhile for Chris to find the right ingredients to bring out the energy in Elton's music.Don't get me wrong, "The Fox" has some excellent songs and is recommended. But it tries too hard and seems to beg for attention. If the second half of the album wasn't a disjointed, "The Fox" may have been the powerhouse it was trying to be.Best tracks: Breaking Down Barriers, Chloe, Elton's Song, The Fox.
With this album the first one on the Geffen label where he would release the next 6 albums actually. This one was pretty good, but it's disorganized. He starts out with a good rocker that sounds like it could very well had been released in the 70's with "Breaking Down The Barriers", but then there's the techno flavored "Nobody Wins", and then the hard rocker "Facist Faces", and the sound quality isn't too remarkable either. Still a decent outing, but it showed that he needed work to get to the status he enjoyed in the 70's. Let's face it starting over again at 34 probably wasn't the easiest thing for him to do, so give him credit it's not a bad album.
this is probably his most obscure album. Being poorly promoted and coming out at a low point in his career, The Fox was one of his lowest selling albums. However, it does have many good songs on it (most are leftovers  from the 21 at 33 sessions) and it is definatly a superior album compared  to the earlier 21 at 33.Although the songs are a little uneven due to three  different lyrisists and the production is very 80's outdated sounding, it  is still a fun record. I enjoy almost every song on this one, I only skip  over Heart in the Right Place. Breaking Down Barriers is one of my all time  EJ favs. Although casual EJ fans who are only familiar with his 70s heyday  hits would most likely be disappointed with this one, the rest of you won't  be. Buy this one when you get a chance
Without question, this uneven album shows further development of Elton John's new, more pop-oriented style, which would reach its height in his albums &quot;Jump Up&quot; and &quot;Tow Low For Zero&quot;. The title track, &quot;Heels of the Wind&quot;, &quot;Just Like Belgium&quot; and &quot;Breaking Down Barriers&quot; are among my favorites on this album; the others range from a proto-techno pop hit (&quot;Nobody Wins&quot;) to sentimental ballads (&quot;Chloe&quot;). Still, I would recommend it to diehard Elton John fans.
Seems obvious that Elton John didn't have a unified vision for his 1981 album The Fox, easily the most randomly assembled set of songs he's put into a record ever since his double LP Blue Moves. When you include an orchestral suite (Carla/Etude/Fanfare), a synthpop number (Nobody Wins), a blues song (Heart In The Right Place), a ballad (Elton's Song), mix it up among fast-paced, piano-based pop/rock numbers and switch production styles, lyricists and backing musicians like an on/off switch you're just bound to have uneven results and lack of focus. Having said that, the album does have strong stand-alone moments; Breaking Down Barriers, Heels Of The Wind, and the title track are worthwhile reformulations of the styles that Elton John has successfully touched upon before, but midst the chaotic randomness of the album as a whole, it seems whatever good qualities each individual song possess is ultimately overshadowed by lackluster production, execution, or organization.
I'd consider &quot;The Fox&quot; and &quot;21 and 33&quot;  as being the two biggest departures from what would be considered your typical Elton John spin.  A lot of outside influences probably was the main cause.  Three  different lyricists, a backing choir and string arrangements add up to make  this a kinda weird one.  I'm not overly enthused about any one particular  song, and most of the music, arrangements and lyrics make for an overall  who-cares effect save for the instumental &quot;Carla/Etude/Fanfare.&quot;  Elton's piano playing is mostly light and bouncy (ala Caribou) rather than  forceful and moody (Blue Moves) which is not necessarily a bad attribute.
In 1981, Elton was coming off a 3 year period of releasing bland, rather unimaginative music.  The previous year's &quot;21 at 33&quot; showed a couple of signs of resurgence, but generally stalled.  &quot;The Fox&quot; signified Elton's overall strongest work since the double-lp &quot;Blue Moves&quot; in '76.  He was still collaborating with a mish-mash of song writers here, including Bernie Taupin who contributed to the strongest songs.  For some reason, I find &quot;The Fox&quot; to be one of Elton's most intriguing releases, if far from his overall best.  It shows a kind of transition from the awkward writing of &quot;21 at 33&quot; to the assured pop smarts of &quot;Jump Up!&quot;  Some of my personal faves would be &quot;Fascist Faces&quot; with it's forceful beat and turned up guitar solos and includes a full backing choir featuring Rev. James Cleveland, the gorgeous instrumental &quot;Carla/Etude/Fanfare,&quot; and the trademark Eltonian ballad &quot;Chloe.&quot;  Still, not everything works on &quot;The Fox,&quot; including the empty yet fun sounding &quot;Nobody Wins&quot; (not written by Elton) and the rather clunky title track.  But, for the most part, &quot;The Fox&quot; displays some pleasing signs from the legend and offers musical proof that he's getting back on track again.
From the OBJECTIVE reviewer...although this is an electronic sounding album, the songs are strong enough to carry it. "Chloe" "Heart In the Right Place" and "The Fox" are standout tracks and there really isn't a song worth skipping. It would have been nice to hear this without the electronic sound and probably could have been better without it.
A bit too straight.  I've been following the Mills Bros. for a lifetime, would have appreciated it more had they used more stylization
The album itself is great. A whole lot of songs that I haven't heard in ages, really brings you back in time. The problem was the never ending hassle of trying to get songs to sync from itunes to my ipod after down loading from Amazon. The Amazon customer service rep said that she didn't know why I was having problems and couldn't figure out what to do. So I had to spend $30 with itunes tech support for them to explain what I need to do any time that I down load music from Amazon. They said that Amazon and Itunes are both aware of the problem and are working with Amazon to come up with a solution. Why didn't the customer service rep from Amazon know any of this? Itunes said that my same problem is happening thousands of times a day. Thank you Amazon for costing me $30 to have itunes tell me something that you should have been able to help me with!!!
The tracks are great. Unfortunately, the digital version cuts out most of the good stuff. I was listening to Pandora and found a few tracks that I liked so I ended up getting the physical 2 CDs. I've bought over a dozen albums off Amazon but this one was a bit of a disappointment considering how many tracks were left out. Get the Physical CDs or download the rest of the tracks elsewhere.
LotusCopy/Paste/Repeat(Lotus Vibes)US release date: 6 November 2007UK release date: Available as importby Tony SclafaniTalk about taking a surprising career turn. Copy/Paste/Repeat, the new remix CD from the Philadelphia, PA jam band Lotus, takes a totally different direction than you'd expect after the band's previous release, the live Escaping Sargasso Sea. That double CD showed the five-member band stretching its jazz-flecked electronic-based music out into improvisational on-stage jams.Copy/Paste/Repeat (subtitled "Lotus Remixed") completely eschews that approach and pushes the band headlong into bona fide electronic dance music. Here, a handful of DJs tweak tracks from previous Lotus releases with mostly positive results. While it can't be considered a new direction for the band per se, the fact that Lotus conceived such a CD shows the band's uniqueness. What other jam band's music could survive such a treatment?I'm not big on conspiracy theories and speculation, but here goes my attempt at musical psychoanalysis anyway. Lotus' homebase of Philadelphia has always been a dance floor-friendly city. Some of its noteworthy denizens have included the girl group the Orlons, the Philadelphia International production team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, and rappers Schooly D and Will Smith. But most significantly (for our purposes, anyway) was a totally kewl afternoon TV show called Dance Party USA.Yes, Dance Party USA. If you're between the ages of 24 and 40, you probably remember this show as the 1980s counterpart to the old American Bandstand program, where teens danced the weekday afternoons away to the latest hit songs. Both shows, by the way, originated from the Philly area, although Dance Party was filmed in the nearby town of Secane. Dance Party got mocked as a cheesy, low-budget affair where the loud music was bested by the kids' louder clothes. And there's some truth in that (although some of us here may have an affinity for this program because - ahem, cough, cough--we may have danced on it one or twice...although we'd never admit to that in print, of course).Anyway, I contend that Dance Party USA--goofy as it was--was hugely influential and helped spawn the hip-hop explosion of the 1990s. Why? Well, because the program brought cutting-edge dance jams into the living rooms of suburbanites who otherwise would never have heard the stuff. A pre-fame Nine Inch Nails were guests, for example. My guess is that the members of Lotus were influenced by now-forgotten regular Dance Party artists like Leila K ("Got to Get"), Redhead Kingpin ("Pump It Hottie") and India ("The Lover Who Rocks You (All Night)").A natural affinity for dance grooves is what underpins all of Lotus' music and makes the band's new CD in particular work as more than an intellectual exercise. Copy/Paste/Repeat reinvents the jam band's music as dance floor jams, with hip hop and trance-influenced beats and mind-warping electronic synth burbles. That approach is as equally interesting and limiting as you'd expect. Most of the remixes here would get the nightlife crowd at your local club moving, all the while never imagining that the main audience for the band is more likely to wear tie-dye than tight pants. The downside is that the cool rhythms and additional sounds don't quite add up to tracks that work when the listener is away from the dance floor.For this project, Lotus chose songs from its previous two studio CDs, ignoring anything from its 2003 debut effort Germination, and gave them new treatments. Four songs were pulled from the band's 2004 CD Nomad. One of those, "Suitcases", gets a second remix. The bulk of the CD is comprised of new versions of tracks from the band's last studio effort, The Strength of Weak Ties, from 2006. Three of those tunes ("Tip of the Tongue", "When H Binds to O", and "Bubonic Tonic") get more than one remix each.Some of the dial twiddlers include DFA Records' Juan Maclean, who speeds up the previously laidback "Bubonic Tonic" with a tight drum machine pattern that's slightly reminiscent of late 1980s New Jack Swing. San Francisco dance scene veteran DJ Harry overlays spacey synth voicings on his reworking of "Tip of the Tongue". That same tune also gets a reggaefied rethink by the electronica group Telepath (called "Tip of the Dub") as well as a house music-influenced remix by Lotus bassist Jesse Miller. Hm...New Jack Swing and house music. Didn't I hear those genres all the time on some long-forgotten TV dance show I used to know? Maybe, maybe not...I'd better move on...The Minnesota-based electro-acoustic artist Skytree (Evan Snyder) chimes in with a mix of one of the band's most popular tunes, "When H Binds to O", that renders it all but unrecognizable. Snyder deletes the main riff and exchanges the heavy Led Zeppelinesque drum sound of the original for a complex, trippy rhythmic pattern. Marc Cazorla, of the Los Angeles-based experimental rock band the Frequency, turns the previously stompy "Travel" into airy Enigma-like trance music.If all this experimentation gets you in the mood to try your hand at some remixing yourself, you're in luck. Lotus is letting its fans engage in a make-your-own-remix contest by offering the source files of the track "Bubonic Tonic" on its Web site (look towards the bottom-right on the "News" page). The band will eventually choose its favorite submissions and feature them on the site.Virtually all of the 12 tracks included here have the rump-shaking potential envisioned by their respective remixers. What keeps this disc from being transcendent is that most of these mixes don't really improve on the original tracks. Nor do they bring out elements that lend a new dimension to this music. My positive impression is largely due to the band's audacious concept. Copy/Paste/Repeat represents a bold step for a band that clearly does not want to be pigeonholed, and is succeeding in keeping those who would typecast them uncertain. What is certain, I believe, is that Lotus has some Dance Party USA in its collective unconscious. If anyone bumps into Jesse Miller, please ask him for me if he remembers a blonde hostess from a TV dance show who went by the moniker "Princess". Betcha he'll know who I'm talking about.-- From Pop Matters, 14 January 2008
The track &#34;No Other Love&#34; was actually &#34;Dear Heart&#34; song. The song &#34;I'm Always Chasing Raindow&#34; was actually &#34;No Other Love&#34; Song. The missing track is &#34;I'm Always Chasing Raindow&#34;.
If you're here because you like the music in his MVs, think twice before ordering this. The tracks on this CD are way more acoustic. &#34;Angel&#34; is completely different from its MV.
When I purchased this collection, I was under the impression that they had remixed the original versions of these songs. Perhaps I was naive and this is not possible, but I could swear that the last time I was out, I heard club versions of these songs featuring the original artists...In any case, the price is not bad and the mixes are good. While most people might not notice much of a difference (they did a fairly good job of sounding like the original artists), there are some glaring (and annoying) differences, especially when trying to impersonate Madonna, Freddy Mercury, New Order, Prince, Bryan Adams, etc. Purists beware!
Unlike the previous reviewers, I felt the tracks were well produced and sounded great. Yes they are not the original artists but they did a great job. These tracks are not supposed to recreate the 80's but yet put a new spin on the classics. If your looking to put some 80's flair into your dance scene, this will help you get there. As mentioned in a previous review, this is not for purists!
It was okay, but I did not realize that it was not actually The Beatles.  Had I known, I would not have purchased it.  I was looking for the real thing.
The sound is great some fine guitar playing but a bit repetitious.I expected more,if you already have some other music of his wait until you library has it.Really should be a 3 1/2 but can not see how this can be accomplished at amazon. Any help on this part would be appreciated.
Williams' 1958 release for Cadence pairs the balladeering Andy Williams with romantically arranged songs of The Islands. The lush, string-filled charts are more akin to Webley Edwards' &quot;Hawaii Calls&quot; than the jazz-tinged exotica productions of Martin Denny that have recently been in favor with lounge music revivalists. Cadence owner/producer Archie Bleyer used a standard orchestra and Hawaiian-themed arrangements, rather than actual Hawaiian instruments and players, to provide a tranquil, easy listening backing for these erstwhile exotic tunes.In many ways, the somnambulism that results from this mix is a template for vocal background music. Unlike the instrumental productions that dominate the exotica revival, vocal background music is a trickier proposition. On the one hand, the lyrics should be audible, and the singers should be able to ply their emotional craft; on the other, the productions, as a whole, should be able to fade willingly into the background. Williams and Bleyer strike a good balance, with Williams controlled vocals and Bleyer's arrangements providing enough content to withstand a foreground airing, but with a smoothness that allows for passive listening at atmospheric volumes.Those familiar with Williams' best known hits (e.g., &quot;Can't Get Used to Losing You&quot; &quot;Moon River&quot;) won't find performances here that pack such haunting, emotional punches. The charm here is distinctly more subtle, as befits background music. The one chart success from this LP, a rendition of &quot;The Hawaiian Wedding Song,&quot; was lifted from Williams' earlier &quot;Two Time Winners&quot; LP, and two other titles from that earlier LP (&quot;Blue Hawaii&quot; and &quot;Sweet Leilani&quot;) were re-recorded for this album. The earlier versions are included as bonus tracks, along with a single, &quot;House of Bamboo.&quot;Liner notes from elevator music expert Joseph Lanza provide an introduction to the album and background on the era in which it was produced, and combined with the bonus cuts and fresh remastering from the original 2-track tapes, this issue is a step up from the version available from the Collectibles label. Fans of Williams' stellar voice and controlled style will no doubt enjoy this turn at Hawaiian melodies.3-1/2 star, if Amazon allowed fractional ratings.
I have the original 45 of Medicine Man by the Buchanan Brothers which was on the Event label. This version is a remake.
I had this record as a child and really enjoyed it. I wanted to share it with my kids. I was thrilled when I found this copy. Unfortunately, the volume is of poor quality so that even with the volume turned up on any CD player I've used it is hard to hear with the same clarity it should be.
I used to work at a "Music of Your Life" radio station and every Christmas season the cartridges with the holiday standards would come out. Hands down, Vikki Carr had the best version of "What Child Is This". It's good to see it on this compilation but the track listings are incorrect. Listen to the sample of track #5 which claims to be the hideous Robert Goulet and you'll find that it's Vikki Carr. I confirmed this with a download. The problem is easily remedied by editing the mp3 file properties to reflect the correct song title and artist name. As for the rest of the collection I can't really comment, I just raided it for the one song download.
I am a children's evangelist and use this product mainly for the two limbo tracks, but my own children love all the songs.
I was unable to find this album on CD, given that it was released (I believe) on the Spinefarm label, and is only available on CD overseas.Having said that...This band's sound hearkens back to the good old days of traditional 80's metal.  They looooove their guitar solos, and catchy riffs.  Their vocalist, Ms. Maya, has a voice that (I believe) is an alto-tenor.  She's untrained, but has a lot of native talent.  Her enunciation of the English lyrics is... a bit odd at times.  She likes to linger on the "ess" sounds; I'm not sure whether this is an affectation or not.  However, it doesn't detract from her performance.  Oh, her Finnish accent is almost imperceptible.  (Yes, they're Finnish.  Didn't I mention that?)As an interesting aside, Deathlike Silence's keyboardist during the recording of this album was Erna Siikavirta.  I believe she's moved on since then (Deathlike Silence's most recent album credits their keyboards to a "Mr. Catafalque"), but for what it's worth, her keyboard playing has always been very tasteful and restrained.  Her previous credits included a short stint with Children of Bodom and with Lordi.Regarding the tracks themselves, while the subject material is often a bit on the silly side, and the band's lyrical skill is sometimes a bit sketchy (occasionally their choice of English idioms gets a bit contorted), most of the tracks manage to be damnably catchy and very, VERY 80s-retro, which is not at all a bad thing.  My favorite track, not surprisingly, is "Six Feet Under the Ground".  The other standouts on this album are the opener "House on Haunted Hill" and "Face Your Death".In all honesty, I much prefer their sophomore effort, "Saturday Night Evil".  It's not to say that this is a bad album, it's simply overshadowed by its successor.
Disappointing, the richness from the Dance CD, simply it was a let down. But I am still OK with the CD in my library.
love the music, but with amazon I have noticed the files don't load to all the places they say it will.  when I contact them,  they really don't seem to concerned.  music is the one thing I have been disappointed by from amazon digital download.
It is as though the song itself, "If I Can't Have You" is of no consequence here.  The disco beat is perfect a house beat disco with all the standard effects.  Unrelenting and rather uninspired, the song achieves it dance fervor without being memorable.  This is not necesarily a bad thing, but simply another way to listen to a song.
Songs blend into each other on this album, but these MP3s all have a pause in between that kind of kill the continuity.  Sound is great, but each song ends/starts so abruptly, makes it kind of hard to listen to.
Genesis had some great music, which can mostly be found on their best of album. This one just had a few good ones in my own eyes.
Between the minor 1962 hits "Balboa Blue" and "Surfer's Stomp" and the memorable 1964 Top 5 smash "Out of Limits," the studio hands who worked under the Marketts' banner cut this inconsequential album of pop instrumentals. The titles of their best known cuts suggest the group to be a surf band, but they were really more of a sax-and-rhythm combo. Despite the car-themed song titles offered here, these cha chas and assorted other dance beats have little to do with the surf `n' drag music suggested by the cover. This is professionally arranged and played (particularly by the uncredited sax man, the horn honker of "Sting Ray," and the stalwart hand clappers), but remains mostly uninspired. At just a shade over twenty-eight minutes, the album's begging to be doubled-up with another LP. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
Review based on standard LP.I found a used LP of "Right By You" & knowing Stephan Stills as one of the famous late 1960 to early 1970 "Cosby, Stills, Nash, & Young" Woodstock group that I took a chance & bought it. This LP definitely does not contain the music of the classic Folk Rock to almost Country Rock that I was used to from this artist. There is some synthesizer work that sounds out of place & the smooth multi layered vocals of "CSN&Y;" are replaced with rough unfocused edges. I read from the other reviews that this recording was an improvement from the two previous solo work of near disco. Looking back to the late 1970s to early 1980's one has to wonder what really happen with popular music. Do I have post Hippie glasses on to think that Folk & Progressive music was the "Real Thing" in the 1970's? Why were great musical artists like Stephan Stills forced to conform to the flow of simplification & money? Why does this musical trend continue even today with Rap & Teen Pop? "Right By You" does have its moments & I read that Stephan Stills music after this recording did take an upswing. Maybe if you're a Diehard fan of Stephan Stills this recording maybe a blessing, but to those like me into Folk & Progressive music, it's an okay LP. Maybe that is why there is only a mp3 listing in Amazon & no CDs available.By the way, why the front cover of a Speed Boat/Rocket? There is nothing in the songs about it, or is there?
If you like Talking Heads Remain in Light and double live The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads, then this 1981 LP on Sire Records USA is great addition to your Talking Heads catalog.  Nothing ground breaking but interesting listen to Nona Hendryx vocals and backing for Jerry and Adrian Belew on guitars on most tracks also noteworthy.
After misplacing my Hypnobabies cds from my previous baby (WAY too expensive to purchase again), I've been trying to find something that will relax me and get me focused for my next baby due in two weeks.  I purchased Hypnosis for Birth CD 1 and 2 because of the price and the reviews.  I do like the imagery of the meadow and the mountain, but I didn't realize when I purchased them that the speaker has an Australian accent.  Being American, it was difficult for me to concentrate and relax completely because her pronunciation and reflection were so much different from mine.  Perhaps this wouldn't have been so much of a problem if I had a longer time to get used to it, but as it stands I am still looking for something else.
I met her back in 1999 and she was a great performer and has a web site at Squeeze Toy Studios.  For those that know Kim Esty, please buy her MP3 files.  You be glad you did.
The CD that came to me did not have the same cover as the one shown.  This makes me question whether or not I got the correct music.  The one I ordered said &#34;The platinum and gold collection&#34; and the one that I received said &#34;the very best of&#34; the Delfonics. I went back to the website to compare the songs and none were listed.  My error for presuming that a &#34;Platinum and Gold&#34; collection of songs would have all of my favs. I thought it was a safe bet.  It was a &#34;P;atinum and Gold Collection&#34; :)I bought this for my music loving hubby as a stocking stuffer for Christmas.  Now the dilemma is to find something else or just keep it.  Warning, if you cant see the songs listed do not purchase.  The Delfonics are great anyway but I should have made my purchase based on the songs listed and the reviews. Not sure I will keep it.
It's hard to write this because I'm a big fan of Cactus and Blues Image, not to mention Mike Pinera's superb work on Iron Butterfly's Metamorphosis.  There's a reason Son of Cactus II never appeared, and you'll find it right here.  To the point, Son of Cactus reeks of a rush job from the very first track and it doesn't let up.  The song lyrics wander in and out of triteness, and the music lacks the fire and originality that made the aforementioned bands legendary.  Although it doesn't qualify as a disaster, don't expect a lot based on their credentials.  This is boilerplate rock 'n' roll; okay for what it is, but it falls woefully short of the potential.
This CD of familiar Disney songs sung by Louis Armstrong - the late great Satchmo - is not the best performance of his career, nor is it the best Disney disc available.  Nonetheless, it is quite entertaing and fun to listen to with or without your children.Don't purchase this if your looking for the best Satchmo performance, or the traditional arrangements of Disney tunes.But if you're open minded and enjoy a little flavor, pick it up as a treat to hear one of the greatest musicians of all time fly through a number of happy tunes in his own special way.  Including adding a few syllables to the nonsensical syllable songs &quot;Chim-Chim-Cheree&quot; and &quot;Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah&quot; - still recommended, especially for parents who want to introduce their children to jazz music.
One of Louis Armstrong's talents was to turn an otherwise unremarkable song into a classic.  Unfortunately, his talent is stretched to the limit here by some kitschy arrangements and overwrought vocal accompaniment.  Satch still manages to shine in a couple of numbers, though - notably Chim-Chim-Cheree and the Bare Necessities.  I found my copy on sale in a clearance outlet for 99, and thought it was a pretty good deal for one of the stranger jazz albums I've ever heard.
PLEASANT RENDITIONS FOR CHILDREN.  OUTSTANDING VERSIONS OF ZIPPITY DOO DAH, AND WHEN YOU WISH UPON A STAR.  BEST THING ABOUT ALBUM IS CHILDREN GET TO HEAR LOUIS ARMSTRONG'S TRUMPET PLAYING!
...but I don't care at all for any of the dance hall remixes.  If its available on an album I'd rather have purchased that instead, or just the single lead track.
The audio and visual quality of the Chaos in Motion DVD's are very poor. One would think at some points that it was filmed by an amateur with a personal video camera!The "Live at Budokan" and "Metropolis" DVD's have far superior audio/visual quality. Rather spend your money on those before you buy Chaos in Motion.
Well I'm writing another review as Amazon hasn't posted my first one. Maybe it's a good thing since I've had a few days to process my thoughts on this DVD and CD set. Before I start I would like to point out that I am no novice on Dream Theater and own pretty much everything to date, save the bootlegs! Here are my thoughts:Things I don't like1. Video quality is literally pathetic and whoever came up with the idea to release them raw, should rethink their strategy. You DON'T release something like Score and Budokan and then this, you DON'T.2. Audio mix is not great. Some songs sound ok whilst others sound thin and there is no bass. I will mention that the playing is exeptional though, except LaBrie but I'll get to that.3. James LaBrie - seems like a great guy but as for his live singing, bad, very bad. He obviously can't hit all the notes anymore (perhaps he was just sick or something). His straining is obviously, especially when he dashes for the water after a series of high notes. The guy can sing no doubt and I can't fault him in the studio. I will say that his singing on the Score DVD was exceptional. Is it only me or does he go flat sometimes?Things I like:1. The playing by the musicians as always is exceptional.2. The bonus disc documentary is great and really gives you insight into a tour.3. Studio stuff was nice, but again the filming was subpar, especially on Myung. Also it was very uncreatively done. A studio tour would have been the ultimate bonus feature for me.4. The stage tour by MP is cool, but a little unecessary as they cover all that stuff in depth in the documentary.5. The audio discs are a plus, but not essential for me as I prefer to watch a live show than listen to it.6. Great packaging!!! But I can't help thinking that the nice "wrapping" and extra 3 audio discs were added to cover up for this sets many flaws.7. Live projections and music videos are super!!!!Let me say that if the video quality was as good as Score, I would have given this Set 4 (-1 star for LaBrie's bad performance). Hardcore DT fans should buy this and will find it a worthy addition to their collection, but if you are new to DT, start with Budokan and Score.
I wrote a review for the set that just contains the 2 DVD's.  So I won't go into how bad the video quality is.  Having said that, having the 3 cd's is worthwhile as the band does a great job here, but the DVD production ruins it!
You all know Dream Theater right? Complex time signatures, soaring melodies, unrivalled musicianship, epic songs and quality products no matter what's released.I am a huge DT fan, I love them to bits and of all the 700 albums I have I would say DT are in my top 3 favourite bands ever. So like any other DT fan I was counting down the days to receiving this little gem, the tracklisting looked really interesting and couldn't wait to see their live versions of some of my favourite DT tunes (Take The Time and Lines in the Sand).To be honest though, I am a little disappointed. To put it bluntly the sounds and pictures are average at best, the concert clips are effectively 'raw footage' from camcorders, and the sound just seems muddy and a little distorted - too much drum on one track, not enough drum on the other, too much guitar, too little guitar - you get the picture.I suppose my expectations are a little high, a) because this is DT and b) because their previous live DVD efforts (Score and Live at Budokan) were visually and sonically superior to anything I have seen from other bands.However, if you are a proper DT fan then this is essential, as is anything else they have done, because the live versions are still cool to listen to and there are some interesting interviews with the band.If you are new to DT then I would definitely recommend buying 'Score' and 'Live at Budokan' first as a real indication of how damn good this band are.
is this really limited to 5000 copies or is is 100000 copies around?????great st will buy again
The xraymen are the last of the original band Kool Ray and the Polaroids.This family tree can be traced back to the early 80's. They toured IllinoisIndiana , Ohio and the rest of the midwest. Although they are not the originalguys they are really good and original.  "Lisa Lisa"  could easily fiton a Marshall Crenshaw record.  It's funny how this group morphed and changedwith different members over the years but retained their character.  American50's rock and roll and earyl 60's beat stuff is at the heart of what they do.Their website says they are broke up. Too bad.  I think they were just hittingtheir stride writing wise. Long live the legacy of Kool Ray!
I personally prefer "Spirals and Mazes", but this album has it's great points. It's great for a debut album, showing a range of emotions and music styles to connect to musically. Though good, this album leaves much room for growth as a musician, growth that the artist does achieve in her next album. It's really amazing to hear the contrast between both.
People looking for pleasant background music to relax to might enjoy this album.Charlene Lockwood has a lot of potential.  This album has its weaknesses, but the music itself appeals to me deeply.  It suffers mainly from threadbare production, weak vocalists, and a certain inhibition of the nascent passion locked within.  However, I think that the right producer could really bring out all of the hidden facets in her talent, and let her real light shine through.The music's strengths lie in its lyrical authority, its sweetness, and especially its feeling.  She has done a nice job.  She could do better.  With proper encouragement and backing, she will.
the 2cd of Dockstader's pretty amazing 3-part series of electronic music, all derived from short wave radio. I used to have #1 on cd, which was great stuff. Just downloaded #1 and #2. the audio quality sounds murky, distortion happens frequently, even on a good system at moderate volume, & the breaks between "songs" are choppy, sound like the music was just chopped out. It was--& the results are jarring & upsetting.Regardless of sound quality, the music here is pretty amazing, much of it beautiful, some wild & weird, all of it complex with many sound ideas overlapping, permutating & interweaving.. giving it a rich, flowing DEEP sound. my star rating is strictly for the music itself, not the MP3 quality.
Initially put out in 1983, as I believe this to be Floh De Cologne's last proper album. Not near as good as their earlier titles like, say - 'Fliessbandbaby's Beat-Show' ('70), 'Profitgeier' ('71) or even 'Geyer Symphonie' ('73) but I will say that even though this swansong of theirs runs under the thirty-minute mark, it still has it's moments nonetheless. Somewhat worthy tracks here include the rocking "Die Erste Millionen", "Es Gab Eine Zeit" and "Der Amerikanische Freund". Completists and die-hard fans will obviously get more out of this CD reissue than casual fans, like myself.
Band's 1975 effort, as I soon there after discovered that Floh De Cologne apparently still had it (as far as I'm concerned). Tracks here that do make this reissue a keeper are the [noticeable] highly-tuned "Und Trittst Du In Das Leben Raus", the rocking "Grafin Thyssen, Onkel Herbert Und Etwas Zum Abwischen", "Bravo-Schicksalstory" and the seven-minute "Zug Der Zeit". Line-up: Dick Stadtler - guitar, bass & vocals, Gerd Wollschon - vocals, Vridolin Enxing - keyboards, cello & backing vocals, Theo Konig - sax, flute & vocals and Hansi Frank - drums & vocals. Overall, a good / decent Floh De Cologne CD to pull out for a spin every now and again.
After Joni Mitchell, Sarah McLachlan, Norah Jones and others who have opened our ears to the acoustic folk-rock sound, we simply have higher expectations than this. The chord progression is typical and blase. That would be okay, but the vocals have virtually no variation. It's like she wants to sound pretty, so she's afraid to give "grit" to the music. But her voice isn't refined enough to be "pretty".
this is a really cool release of some music you probably will never want to hear again, but hey, some music is just ok, first time is always the most intense.i liked it though, was creative enough, i suppose.
Someone else mentioned the 'live' aspect of the recording; it's annoying to hear whistles and whoops to the distraction from Reeve's amazing voice.Plus, a couple of the songs aren't even 2 minutes long!I suppose it's worth about $5, but it could have been so much better.
I was looking forward to uplifting, soaring reverent music on this CD. After a couple of listens, I think they could have made better song choices, include more John Rutter-type music, in order to really call the CD "Reverence". They still retained too much of a barbershop sound for the music to be soothing and reverent. I could have spent my money better on another CD. However, I love this group and highly recommend Sharing Time and Primary Colors.
Of the 7 x Jack Jezzero Albums I have purchased - I rate this number 5.  I am more impressed with his Bossa Nova style of music (Brazilian Nights, Romance in Rio, Rio Nights & Boss Nova Christmas) although for Acoustic Guitar music this is quite good.  His other work & collaborations are without the same originality.  Still they are a good addition to my "Guitar Escape" playlist.
Unclear I was getting only download....please, I have no player, only needed CD.Please refund....hoping for refund, and the CD
"I just listened to the song, "Fire and Sea" and I really enjoyed it. Wetruly appreciate that there are talented artists like yourself that makeyou music available to podcasters."-Pirate Podshow
This is another compilation disc - the original albums were "Rising of the Moon" and "Come Fill Your Glass With Us".  You can buy the originals in digitally remastered form if you're an audio stickler, or in a compilation that seems to be identical to this one, called28 Irish Pub Songs. I don't have both compilations to compare. Neither claims to be digitally remastered.  At present, anyway, this MP3 set costs more than that MP3 set, so I got the other set.
I purchased this for a tea party for a 60's group.  It was mostly jazz, that the previews did not reveal, not the background music I hoped to record.  Fortunately, I had several copies of some of the songs from other recordings that I used instead.  It was expensive music too.  I particularily wanted  &#34;The Last Farewell&#34; so it was useful to me.  This recording is listed as &#34;pop&#34; but there are much better renditions of the songs recorded here.  I'm disappointed.
So, apparently there's a glut of bands or performers called "Hoover", and three of them have self-titled albums.  There's a 60s/70s country music guy, a band from Washington consisting of Dunham, Erskine, Farrall, & McRedmond, and then there's this band, apparently from the Netherlands.  The reviews above are for the self-titled album from the Washington band.  So, for this album, ignore those reviews completely.  The Washington band is excellent, but this isn't them.  Their self-titled CD has a dark blue cover and no exclamation point; Amazon has it here, with the same reviews crosslisted:http://www.amazon.com/Hoover/dp/B002ZW7CZW/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s;=dmusic&qid;=1292487168&sr;=1-6Maybe mine will get crosslisted, too.  We'll see.As for this Dutch album, I'm not really familiar with it, so my rating should be ignored as well.  The previews sound like uninspired modern "alternative rock", but I haven't heard the whole thing.
I'd like to start off by saying that I did purchase this album and do still enjoy listening to it. In fact, it stayed in my cd player for almost a week straight after I first got it. BUT, in the interest of being entirely subjective, I feel that it's necessary to point out a few things...First and foremost, When We Meet Again is entirely unoriginal sound wise, almost to the point of being distracting. Traces of Staind, Cold, Linkin Park, Chevelle, Breaking Benjamin and even Pearl Jam can be heard all throughout, which is precisely the problem. I understand that it's hard to be original in today's climate, but you should at least have to bring *something* unique to the table. Case and point; The overusage of power chords that sound almost exactly alike to the ones countless other bands have used in the past.Another gripe I have is with the vocals. They are, for lack of a better word, grating. You'll either love them or hate them, and my money is on the latter.Lyrically, it's the same tried and true formula that simliar bands have also used in the past, tired cliches about pseudo angst and things of that nature.The song structures all fall somewhere in between the 2 1/2 - 4 minute mark, verse chorus verse (no less), which makes everything that much more predictable.In short, there's probably a lot to like here if you enjoy any of the above mentioned bands. But that lack of originality and constant need to streamline everything keeps this record from ever really taking off.
I am a super music lover of the sixtys thru the seventy's and that includes DISCO.  Roller Disco Hits sounds great and great to dance and work out to. The main problem I find with this 2 c.d. album is although the sining is alright it s NOT the original singers that are mentioned on the description. The price was only $2.00 so I was very pleased with my purchase.  This is well worth the price.Dennis B.
A very nice tribute to the USA.  However, there are other CDs that can be purchased with a similar venue that present patriotic songs a bit better and with more selections.  Nice effort, but I would probably chose others.
This follow up to the great Lock 'em Away album features Blue Eyed Soul wonder Stefan Anderson and his brother Joe backed by vocalists Rhodes, Chalmers, & Rhodes (Al Green, Bee Gees). Producer Tim Whitsett reunited one of the tightest units in music at the time in bassist Don Barrett, drummer James Stroud, organ/piano man Carson Whitsett, and guitarist Dino Zimmerman.This set is not as strong as their debut effort, but there are highlights including the title track, "Back On the Stage Again", "Mississippi Misery", and a song I just don't have enough superlatives for, the beautiful "Another Day", all from the pen of Carson Whitsett.
Back in the day, around 1985 or 86 I purchased this on vinyl. I still have it in storage.There was an influx of awesome quality bootlegs from Frank Zappa. It had to be an inside job. the art, the sound quality, everything was high standard for a boot.When Frank got wind of these bootlegs he took it upon himself to exact revenge on these perps, and released their copies of the work they stole from him in  the  first place. That's the beat the boots series.This recording of the original Mothers, although not high quality by todays standards, present one of the most original and talented bands of all time.A snapshot if you will of a moment that I would never be able to experience.Frank never would have released this himself, so the bootleggers actually performed a great service to us .In theory bootleggers are scum. making money from other people's work, but they release the stuff that the ultra fan wants. people who have already bought all the official releases want more. the egos of artists can't get past this.As a Grateful Dead fan I personally won't buy bootleg material(it's kind of an unwritten code. The Dead actually let people tape their shows, so to sell a bootleg was taboo.) only trade. But there is a definite need for this stuff.Anyway, I'll get off my soapbox.If You're a Zappa fan and especially a Mothers fan and want to hear some awesome early Mother's jamming, this is the  thing for you. And it's supported by the Zappa family trust.Now if they would only allow the downloading of Frank's official discography.... I have A lot of room on my ipod for that.Buy this ..you won't be sorry.
Ok, so i havent bought this albumn which doesnt give me a whole lot to work with, but just form the clips i can tel somthing is off.  For the most part it sounds good, but i dont like the piano they used, the notes for the melody sound kind wierd, almost fake. Did they usea keyboard instead ofa piano??
So despite the scathing warning in the one review this product had, I downloaded it. I'm all in favor of supporting artists and not letting them be ripped off, but "contacting the artists directly" is easier said than done.Anyway, this certainly is a "bizarre" album. Which is fine by me-- generally the stranger something is, the more I like it. The tracks are varied though. Some are good-strange, interesting and innovative; but some sound like the artist wanted to be as strange as possible just to be shocking, not for any kind of art's sake.If you like Aphex Twin, Amon Tobin, Fischerspooner, EBM, industrial, or goth, you may well want to give this a listen. After listening a few more times I'd like to change my rating to 4 stars, but I can't change it for some reason.
I really like this version of the song,.... but it seems abbreviated.  It just shuts off after 1:48 ?  I have "The Monkees version and it is longer....
I have had problems downloading songs, not albums. I have been charged 3 and 4 times for the same songs because they won't download still haven't been able to download some. Should be easier to make it happen or have a better setup to automate path for downloads. I am not a computer genius but I'm also not computer illiterate.
First, let me start off by saying that I like this album...I really do. Then again I still love 'The Monkees' and enjoy 'The Partridge Family', so how much can you trust my judgement? This album marked a slightly more mature sound for the cartoon based group, with a slightly less 'kiddie-oriented' sound to many of the songs ( which sounds about as silly as describing the first 'Partridge Family' album as much more 'rock' than the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh albums - but both statements are true ).If you like good-time sixties pop, this album has a lot of really good songs. The title track, "Sunshine" is outstanding, and should have been a bigger hit than it was. "Over And Over" is also quite good, and a bit surprising as the intro quotes ( rips-off? ) " A Little Bit Of Soul", an earlier bubblegum hit by "The Music Explosion". Perhaps that could be called an early version of "sampling"? "Comes The Sun" is also a great tune that probably would have charted if it had been released as a radio single. Even one of the tracks that comes closest to being juvenile, "Waldo P. Emerson Jones", has a great melody, and even name-drops the Woodstock music festival, The Beatles, Simon and Garfunkel, and Jimmy Page! Groovy indeed!That's not to say that there aren't a few tracks that could be called pretentious in their reach towards social commentary, such as "Mr.Factory", "A Summer Prayer For Peace", and the definitely kid-oriented "One Big Family". But even these somewhat heavy-handed attempts at relevance have their charms.Unfortunately, not everything is "Sunshine" and lollipops with this CD release. "The Archies" albums have had a checkered history of release on CD. Most have suffered from inferior sound and this one is no exception. I don't know if the original master tapes have been lost to the ravages of time, or if someone owns them and has them locked away, but almost all of the Archie re-issues sound as if they've been mastered from vinyl sources... and not neccesarily pristine vinyl sources, at that. I've bought other CDs that have clearly been mastered from vinyl, and many of them sound very, very good, which shows that with the proper equalization and care, a master taken from a secondary source can end up sounding clear, clean, crisp, and have great fidelity. Sadly, most of the Archies CDs do not. The sound is not horrible, but it's not what one should expect from a disc touted as "digitally remastered".It's too bad, but if you are a fan, and really want this album, this is about the best you're gonna get for now. There is one upside to the sound quality; it may bring back nostalgic memories of your childhood days, playing records on one of those portable turntables that used to be so common.
The songs are mostly redos by unknown groups trying to copy the original songs. My advise is to listen to the songs first. If you just want the song for songs sake then this is ok but if you want the original group and song pay for the original album.
This album to me is just OK. Some of the artists and songs I had never heard of. I bought it because the price was right and I wanted a country gospel album to listen to on my Fire.
A well packaged Korean Girl group.  But beyond their one hit "Nobody", the album has no other hit potential...
Nothing noteworthy here. If you really want to see great rock-a-billy, buy the Lennerockers present the Wild West Rock-a-billy Special DVD. I got my copy from Germany. Make sure you get an all-region DVD player, or a DVD player that will play, I believe, Region 2 dvd's. I don't think the DVD is available in the USA.
Always disappointing, so I note it first: this is not a DJ mix compilation. Most of you are leaving the page already, I'm sure.First couple of tracks in and this has little to do with acid. Clearly no TB-303 is being used here, and, as far as anyone has said about what makes acid music, the TB-303 is the only distinctly defining feature of the genre. There are some compositional qualities in common with the acid I've heard, but they're more indicative of techno than anything. The album has a chilled atmosphere like some acid does in contrast, but this atmosphere is more akin to progressive house than acid. In addition, there's a consistent smooth 4/4 kick drum throughout set at walking pace which is much more indicative of progressive house. It's marked elsewhere (that is, not on Amazon) as electro, but that doesn't make any sense, based on the electro I've heard. Okay, the song I'm on has some similarities to electro, but again I would more readily call it a thoroughly techno-influenced version of house (so tech house then). I'm enjoying what I'm hearing, but I'm pissed off that I ended up buying this thinking that it was actually acid. People need to stop using terms they don't understand because their ignorance is contagious.
It's Tilton.  Or else delete the cover art.  Please delete this review when the art is fixed.  iTunes had the same issue and fixed the cover art there.
I have listened to them all and the very best, most beautiful, relaxing and uplifting songs are performed by Eric Bernard. Plus, you get over 20 minutes of music for only 1.96! No, I do not know Mr. Bernard, but I collect healing, relaxing music to help in my recovery of an illness.  I also recommend ALL songs by Hillary Stagg, and most songs by Nicolaus Gunn (check out his new Grand Canyon CD)for this very purpose.  All the Best in Beautiful Music and Vibrant Health, D. Lee
The Sunny Boys are Italy's leading Beach Boys tribute band, and given the quality of their playing and singing, they could easily compete with their stateside brethren. Their televised appearances, covering Beach Boys songs alongside voluptuous Italian dancers, can be found on YouTube, and now their debut album has received a U.S. digital download release. The production sound is more modern and clean than you'd expect on a classic Beach Boys record, and though the harmonies are heavily influenced by the Wilson brothers (and in turn by the Four Freshmen), the melodies are often more bubblegum and power pop (check out the great intro to "Fun Fun Fun") than classic `60s beach rock. The lead vocals have a nasal tone that variously suggests Mike Love, Gary Lewis and Kasnetz-Katz mainstay, Joey Levine. This is a finely crafted album, and the exuberance of the group's live performances transfers well to the studio, particularly in the spot-on falsettos. Group leader Gianluca Leone has added ten original songs to the Sunny Boys' repertoire, including the "Kokomo" homage, "Mahalo." You can hear the influences of their native Italy interwoven with the harmonies of Jan and Dean in "Full Throttle," and the thrill of racing down the Italian Alps substitutes perfectly for the roar of a drag strip in the clever "Freerider." The band's originals don't quite stand up to the Brian Wilson classics they cover on stage, but they're infused with enough of the original group's magic to bring a smile to your face. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
We purchased this because it was the only royalty free collection we found on Amazon that offers a Hawaiian style rock theme. While the music works quite well, our client felt it sounded too much like music in an adult film.
I have mixed emotions about this album.  First of all, there's a huge part of me that really really really wants to like it!  The beats are decent, but not very layered.  The vocals are, I'm sorry, extremely masculine.  But something about the song "Victoria Starship" has me listening over and over again in the hopes that one day I'll hear it and I'll be in love.  But that hasn't happened yet.  I'm sorry, but the vocals kill it for me.  I think Nadia has the potential to have a very beautiful voice.  Ah, if only the vocals were more sensuous and feminine...
I chose tris Ratzinger fue to The fact that although  Wane has great talent, it sede de that his m&uacute;sica Washington rambling, I could not identify what he Washington playing
The three previous R+P albums balanced cheesy fun with sharp socio-political messages; like a fruit basket, they offered painless nutrition and fun flavor. As such, it was also easy to laugh off the seriousness intent behind them, but sometimes the best way to get a message across is while people are laughing.On the other hand, if you felt all that campiness was a little too "fruity", BPNP is heavier and simpler -- like potatoes: "I Met a Man" is wry but not quite so funny, and sets the more personal tone that characterizes this album (which peculiarly proclaims itself political). Perhaps this is why the slower, more spare sound of their first album predominates.The high points for cherry-pickers: "One of the Enemy" is a poignant gem, "Journal Entry" is winningly musical and personal, "Tango Indigesto" is genuinely clever and funny, and "Queers in the Closet" is as a powerful piece you'll hear, near-religious in its crescendo. Try these, and you may well want to hear the whole album :)
Much like her last album, this is a steady, strolling album.  On the new songs, this works very well.  It's a Lovely Day, Lucy, Hold Me, Canada, and Lilith are very good songs.  They're just right for a strolling, light jazzy pace.  But the rerecordings of her previous hit songs (Everytime We Touch, Family Man, Moonlight Shadow, To France) suffer in this style.  They pale in comparison to the originals.  It's like Maggie doesn't really commit to singing them.  They remind me of how someone would sing the songs while standing alone in a bus stop, just swinging back and forth, singing them at a slow, steady, strolling pace.  I'm all for alternate versions, but these are weak, passive covers.But the songs that are new are very good and worth the price.  The rest, I'd rather just listen to the originals.
Kristin Korb is a great jazz artist, but the selections on this new collection, in my opinion, leave a lot to be desired.  She has done so much better on previous releases.
It was ok. I expected some other old tunes that I remember hearing but don't know the titles  bla bla
this song is decent..actually, i'd even say subpar for annie..there's no real annie hook here,it'd make for a b-rate kylie tune, i have her 1st album and still rock out to like 5 tracks on it. Was hoping this was would be in the same vien, but it's a tad non catchy, love the synths and beat but there's no hooky sugar here..I'm looking for her single.."i bet ur girlfriend hates me" and the only place that's got it is itunes UK!? kinda odd..wondering when this is gonna be available here, i seen the video on youtube it's a riot..
These are high-quality tracks, but there is no purely instrumental version available. The Instrumental Version listed here has lead vocals on it, just like the Lead Vocals Version does. It appears that both of these are the same track.
many of the songs are mislabeled here.  If you play "Search and Destroy"  it is really "Funtime", "Funtime" is really "Sister Midnight"
I should have listened to sample of this album before I bought it.  Wm Joseph is an extraordinary pianist/composer but not all that great a singer, in my personal opinion, so I don't recommend buying without first listening to samples...then you won't be surprised.
When i looked at this though like most items with the name karaoke in them they include cd+g files but not this one what give I mean the sound quality on the song is a little off but the least that could be done is keep it karaoke and actually have the cd+G download at the same time as the mp3.
It's good to see that the voice of Whigfield has continued to participate in this project. Great album but I get the feeling that some tracks are missing....
I've been making my way through the "Download Series" in order. Having heard volumes 1-4 & Family Dog, I've got to say that this one has been my least favorite. The sound quality is good, but these shows just seem to fall flat. For comparison, listening to Volumes 1-3, and especially Family Dog, and then listening to Volume 4, it seems like the band was just going through the motions on these dates. It seems like they lack the energy that I'm used to hearing in many of their other shows. I realize that my complaints are subjective in nature, and someone else might listen to the two shows that comprise Volume 4 & think they're great. This isn't a terrible album by any means (hence the 3-star rating), and there are some songs I really enjoyed. Still though, There are far better live Dead albums to be heard.
being an early 70's fan i wasn't too inclined to consider this release till i downloaded a song or 2 out of curiosity .. i am really glad i did !! there are some real gems here if you can get by the strange sound of vince's keyboards !!! early highlights for me are;;maggie's farm,[layered over what sounds like cumberland blues] birdsong,, and scarlet// fire.. jerry sounds great throughout,, his voice and guitar playing is excellent,,, and the whole band is in fine jammin' form.. standing on the moon, and he's gone,are played well .. i can do without 1/2 hr. of drums/space... the real highlight of the show is a fine, wharf rat //throwing stones// nfa// jam which is excellent. and then a beautiful stella blue,, [good but short]other one,, and a johnny b.goode ending ..if you want to sample some 90's dead thats a little later than the big box set that came out last year, give it a try; the whole band sounds really sharp and the jammin is, well, jammin !!
I thought this album would be only orchestra with no vocals and that is what I wanted. However, there are vocals on several pieces and I was disappointed because I wanted to use it at work for something a little more upbeat and happy, but non-distracting. It is of course beautifully done and enjoyable, just simply not what I expected by the sample music.
For the past few years, Gregory Alan Isakov has been making welcome appearances on my Pandora stations. His songs are pleasant, melodic, sad. They make for good, almost sleepy background listening. They are as pleasant as anything you will find on the market, but my criticism is that except for a couple of songs ("Master & A Hound", and maybe "The Moon Song") they aren't much more than pleasant. They don't make me want to put down what I'm doing. They don't make me want to close my eyes. They are just Pleasant.The songs' emotion feels real but restrained. In most songs, he sounds like he's singing out of the back of his throat, with his mouth barely open. I haven't seen him sing, but I suspect that he rarely opens his mouth wide enough to see his teeth. He sounds restrained, hesitant, unwilling to quite come out.With that said, Isakov has shown flashes. Master & A Hound is much better than pleasant, but still has a frustrating current of restraint. The guy is a brick wall away from being really good.
Im just a little dissapointed with the quality of the record, it could have been better made. but the music is still amazing : )
I first heard Gregory Alan Isakov when he opened a show for Josh Ritter in San Francisco, and later listened to live versions of his songs on last.fm.  His music was riveting -- unsettling, urgent, powerful.  So I was quite disappointed to find, after buying this album, that the recorded versions of songs such as &#34;Evelyn&#34; and &#34;Big Black Car&#34; were pale husks of the live versions.  At best, they are pleasant and soothing, without the edge and dramatic power that drew me to Isakov in the first place.  These songs really miss the strong cello accompaniment that Isakov has used in concert.
this was a bad download. The music is really good, but there are breaks and pauses in the music.Can i download it again?
CTS hold a unique spot in the universe we call music. A stellar band throughout many member changes, over thirty some (odd) years, consistent output, and so many near hits it ain't funny. Without postulating beyond interest . . . . .Crack The Sky is the American Band.The new song is alright. Not all right, but O.K.  Also, main songwriter/singer John Palumbo, leaves you guessing wether or not he is a lefty or way to the right. Politics is never far from you ears when listening to any CTS CD. And that is good. He says a few things that a lefty would never be caught saying and likewise for the extreme right.What is at the root is descent, catchy pop/rock. Irreverence and fun seem to be the common denominator in all he writes and most certainly how the band interprets the double meaning, twisted, hilarious and sometimes brutal lyrics.These words of mine certainly have not sold anyone on CTS, but if the band were smarter, they would release the whole mp3 CD, not just the silly single 'Hyphen-Americans'. Though it does leave me with the more oft than not rule that happens so many times, where upon first listen one does not have any 'WoW' reflex, yet later, with time (and the rest of the album), it grows on you enough to say, "hey, this is a pretty good album"So y'all, try them on for size, but be forewarned, don't start off trying any album with "Dogs" in the title.Thank you to the guys in Crack The Sky for making my music collection all the more interesting and eclectic.Rick Witkowski, Joe Macre, and Joey D'amico are all back after separate projects (and lives). And it shows, as far as I can tell.I don't buy CD's any longer, so RELEASE THE FULL MP3 CD ...... NOW PLEASE.Long live the Crack!
Instrumentalist and songwriter, Shak, has written a very unique love story on his latest album, "Take My Soul." Although it is all instrumental, Shak does an excellent job depicting a couple's blossoming and sometimes tumultuous relationship through song. Listen to "A New Dawn," a track which screams of hope and curiosity, much like any new relationship. Along the way, the couple goes through extreme highs and lows, all documented through the creative mind of Shak. Sometimes the couple's relationship is doing well as heard on "Close to My Heart" and sometimes not, which "I Am Sorry" clearly portrays. Shak does an outstanding job composing his well written emotional feelings through melody and instrumentation about what most average couples all go through. If you are looking for a really interesting CD and you love instrumentals, then you won't be disappointed when you listen to "Take My Soul." Shaun H. and the [...] Reviewer Team [...]
This CD is indeed a document of a very good thing...Gregg Rolie, touring and playing his great music to audience of the post-nuclear dawn of creation.BUTIt could have been so much better than what we have here documented on this disc.Flaw number one: Gregg is singing great and has a crack band behind him performing this music to a crowd that is indeed really happy to experience this event. Alphonso Johnson, (often seen with Carlos Santana) is amazing as one of the greats on bass guitar. Michael Carebello, Adrian Areas and Ron Wikso find the punch and awesome power needed to fire the engine room in proper Santana Band style and flow. Wally Minko adds to the sound of the keyboards that when added to what Gregg is playing really fill-out the sound of this music. At last we arrive to Kurt Griffey the guitar player found in this band. Kurt, is a fine player and adds his own style to this band but, he is the weak link found here on: "Rain Dance-Live" as we are already hearing what Carlos and/or Neal Schon would be playing here in his place and that would be at least a few notches above Kurt's abilities as he cannot compete with those two masters.Flaw number two: Gregg has been locked into his days of fame with the Santana band between 1969 through 1972 and about half of the music found here dates from that small window of Gregg's musicial career. There are three Journey albums from 1975-1977: "Journey" "Look Into The Future" and "Next" that contain some dynamite material that would be most welcome additions here and the fans are screaming to hear this segment of Gregg's music it would be a giant plus to have them here as a part of this set. It is indeed good to see some of Gregg's solo material being a part of this but, the songs from pre-Perry Journey need to be revisited to show the world just how great they are. there is much more to Gregg Rolie than another take of: "Black Magic Woman."Again, a revised set list and the addition of Neal Schon (found on the amazing record "Abraxas Pool") would really fire up: "Rain Dance-Live" to the five-stars it could and should be. Better than purchasing this disc would be attending a show from the Gregg Rolie Band and supporting him wherever he is to be playing next. This artist hasn't gotten his due as one of the greats from the magic that was the San Francisco music scene of the 1960's and 70's. This is a good disc but it could have been something much bigger and better.Three Stars
I purchased the CD format, which is manufactured by Amazon.com, and while the audio is fine, the CD packaging had some problems.Normally, I wouldn't be concerned, but I gave this as part of a gift, and it looked like a very cheap knockoff (in reality, it was one of the only Fred/Ginger collections I could find at the time).  There were 3 or 4 spelling errors in the track titles, and two of the lines for track titles were concatenated, making it confusing for anyone who still looks at the track titles to find the right track.  The CD tracks also contain no metadata (I know it&#347; possible to do this), and the titles don't seem to fetch from any player on a computer.  All in all, it's a fair collection on MP3, but the CD lacked the 30 seconds of care it would have taken for a human editor to correct a few issues.
Ahhh, an interesting collection of reasonably well known melodies ("I Left My Heart In SF," "Strangers In The Night,") and more obscure tunes done with just a Regina music box.  Arrangements are, presumably by definition of how a music box works, all of a kind, instrumental, slow yet methodical, and relaxing - almost new age in nature.  This certainly will NOT be for everyone's tastes, but I suspect it will appeal to those who appreciate certain musical niches not commonly heard.  My favorite track is a version of "Till There Was You," originally from Broadway but more well known to Beatle fans as one of the songs they covered early on during the Beatlemania years.
This tune is alright, but not their best. This band is notorious for great music in Finland, but they do not put out any hard format albums (Compact Disc) for their fans. Their 3 best songs are "Spit Those Words Out" from their demo "Welcome To Nitroland"; "Suck Me Dry" and "Sin City" from their album "Addicted To".Their best effort by far is "Welcome to Nitroland"... Skip this download and attempt procurement of these three tunes.Pajula Records needs to make more of an attempt to get this band more notoriety. Make some cds!!Do you dig?!
Love the song Southern Cross and was happy to pay what is a pretty high price for it. However, I also was charged for, and received, a second song, &#34;Into the Darkness&#34; that I didn't request and don't listen to. Since trying to get a refund is such a hassle, I just went ahead and kept it, but I lowered my rating for that reason. The actual song, &#34;Southern Cross,&#34; I'd give 5 stars. I wouldn't buy music at over a dollar per song if I didn't think it deserved 5 stars! That's why I'm willing to buy it this way rather than purchase an entire CD that only has 3 or 4 songs I like on it.
If you want very high-tempo pop-punk Beatles covers, that is exactly what you'll get here.  I was hoping for more variation, as different songs warrant different treatments.  I like the idea of a true punk-rock album of Beatles covers, but this isn't quite it.  Part of it comes from the fact that people now assume that punk has one kind of sound, but even The Clash had slower, simpler songs that don't fit that mold but were still very much punk ('Lost in the Supermarket' comes to mind).Perhaps I was expecting a little too much, but I was definitely a bit disappointed when all of these songs have the same "punk-sound" up-tempo treatment applied to them.  That means that you can listen to each one and appreciate the novelty at the time, but trying to listen to more than one or two is likely to give you a headache.This is pop-punk, not punk-rock.  That's the biggest reason this gets the stars it does, but if that kind of thing sounds good to you, you'll probably like this more than I did (it is well-done pop-punk, at the very least).
Cazwell's music does not disappoint if you go into it knowing what you're getting. His music is upbeat and imminently danceable. It's not transcendent or anything but I gladly admit whenever his music comes up in rotation I always crack a smile and groove like the awkward white boy I am.
For a good chunk of the disco craze, especially in the gay disco world, there was a subset of artists that specialized in taking relatively current hits and then rearranging them into club items. Paul Parker may have been the best known of these men, and the biggest hit version was when Nikki French took Bonnie Tyler's "Total Eclipse Of The Heart" to number 2 in the 90's. Colton Ford's "Under The Covers" mines that same turf, plucking out songs like "By Your Side" by Sade, "Lithium" by Nirvana or "Losing My Religion" by R.E.M. and clubbing them up. There's also a surprisingly supple rock-dance cover of Faith No More's "Ashes to Ashes."Unfortunately, Ford and his producers decided to include a capella interludes of other songs that bobble the flow of the disc. I'm not sure why these snippets were inserted between several of the songs (they aren't used as lead ins, these are strictly stand-alone cutlets). These sap the energy of away from an otherwise enjoyable dance album. Also, the cover photo? The remix version of the dosc has a more seductive and color friendly picture than the blue-tinted current picture. Ford is a man who made his bones as an adult film star, so why the totally unattractive pic? The music is OK enough to hold its own, the cover puts the CD at a disadvantage.
This CD was to be a Christmas gift and though I ordered it about 2 1/2 weeks ago did not recieve notice that this was unavailable until a few days before Christmas which sent me scrambling.  I ended up downloading from Amazon and making my own copy which turned out great and cost about half the money.  So, all in all this was a  good transaction, but it had me frantic for a time.
I bought this to get a good selection of Halloween music so I could pick things I wanted to choreograph Zumba Fitness class routines to. I did not realize that all of the songs were covers so I ended up having to purchase the originals of the two songs I picked to add to class. It is a good selection of Halloween songs though so that was an advantage. The price for the collection was reasonable. I do wish that there weren't quite so many instrumentals at the end of the CD.
I have been playing classical guitar for 25 years now and I am always looking for new interpretations of baroque pieces.  I listened to samples of this but it sounds like sampled classical guitar and sequenced classical guitar at that.  A midi file maybe?  ????  It does say guitar is the instrument though.
So every song comes with a sing-a-long version.  Give me a break.  The price was right so I just leave the sing along versions on the laptop when I sync to the mp3 player.  Good variety of songs and artists
A lot of repetition.  I was a sleep before I finished the CD.  The pianist sounded a little more professional than the other CDs I purchased.  Was exactly what I was expecting.
I love royalty free, rights cleared production music!  This album is EXCEPTIONALLY well produced!The only thing that keeps me from giving this collection FIVE stars, is that there is no accompanying paperwork authorizing purchasers the legal right to synchronize this music with their productions.  Why is that important?  Well... let's say you DID produce a Sundance quality video, synchronized this music into it and created a SMASH HIT!!  Well... where's your proof that Audiomagic Music Studios gave you permission to use his music in your smash hit....???  Hummmm.....???(I've seen this happen when someone used music, got attention and then got sued.  Messy... very messy.)You have no written 'Royalty Free' authorization, and thus... you are in court for years and you won't see a dime of your effort... if ever.  This 'Royalty Free' album needs REAL documentation to truly grant rights for us 'Spielberg Wannabees' to legally and correctly use this great music.  While I'm not a lawyer, may I recommend something that looks like this, to increase the comfort factor?:[NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] End User License AgreementTERMS AND CONDITIONS1. The License: This is a license, not a sale. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] continues to own all content, graphics, video clips, and photographs (&#34;Stock Files&#34;). Subject to your acceptance of the terms of this agreement (&#34;License Agreement&#34;) [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right to use the stock video clip(s), photograph(s), or visual representations (&#34;Stock Files&#34;) as follows: You may use the Stock Files for nearly any project, including feature films, broadcast, commercial, industrial, and educational video, print projects, multimedia, games, and the internet, as long as the Stock Files have been incorporated into any work with substantial value added by you. Thus, you could incorporate Stock Files in promotional materials, packaging, web page design, broadcast, products for sale, electronic and print publication, comps, and layouts.2. Limitations: The Stock Files may not be sold as stand alone clips/stock files, or included in any other media/stock product, library, or collection for distribution or resale. The Stock Files may not be used, in part or in whole, as a trademark or service mark, nor may you claim any proprietary rights of any sort in the Stock Files, or any part thereof. You may not make available some or all of the Stock Files on a web page or other display as a separate or downloadable reuseable file, or disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, translate, or otherwise decode the Stock Files for any reason whatsoever. If you provide Stock Files or Derivative Works to a client as part of your work product, the client may not reuse the Stock Files or Derivative Works for any purposes other than a review of your work product without purchasing a separate license.3. Fees and Payments: In exchange for your usage of [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]&#8217;s Stock Files as provided hereunder, you agree to pay to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] a license fee in advance in the amount most recently quoted by [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] for each Stock File that you receive or download.4. Copyright: [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE], its Licensors and Contributors retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Stock Files not expressly granted by the License Grant above. Such rights are protected by the United States and International Copyright laws and international treaty provisions. You may be held legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by the terms of this agreement.5. No Warranty: [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] makes no representation or warranty with respect to the use of names, trademarks, logos, registered or copyrighted designs or works of art depicted in any Stock File, and you must satisfy yourself that all necessary rights, model releases, consents or permissions as may be required for your intended usage are secured. All [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]&#8217;s Stock Files are provided &#34;as is&#34;. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] makes no representation or warranty either express or implied including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular use, quality of image, or compatibility with any computer hardware or other equipment, operating system or software program. Neither [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] nor any of its directors, officers, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, or agents shall be liable for any damages, whether direct, incidental, or consequential, or other damages arising out of the use of, or the inability to use, the Stock Files.6. Remedy: [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]&#8217;s limitation of liability and your sole remedy under the foregoing warranty, is a replacement of, or a full refund for, the Stock File(s).7. Limitation of Liability: Under no circumstances will [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of A) the use of or inability to use the Stock Files or B) the inability to obtain additional rights to the images (including making additional copies) even if [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In any event, the limit of liability of the copyright owner of the Stock File, their representative, and [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE], shall be the fee paid for the Stock File to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE].8. Termination: The license contained in this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice from [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] if you fail to comply with any provision of the Agreement. Upon termination, you must immediately 1) stop using the [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] Stock File(s) 2) return the [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] Stock File(s) and all copies of it to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] 3) delete the [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] Stock File(s) and all copies from all magnetic and digital media, and destroy all other copies. Your indemnity and payment obligations and [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]&#8217;s rights in conjunction with those obligations shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. The provisions of this paragraph are in addition to any other remedies and rights [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] may have as a result of any breach of this Agreement. Neither party will be entitled to damages as a result of termination of this Agreement as provided herein.9. Injunctive Relief: You agree that any breach of your obligations with respect to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]&#8217;s proprietary or intellectual property rights will result in irreparable injury to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] for which money damages are inadequate and you therefore agree that [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] is entitled to injunctive relief in addition to any other relief that a court may deem proper.10. Integration: [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] reserves the right to pursue any claim or controversy relating to intellectual property rights, not by arbitration, but by a court located in the [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER&#8217;S JURISTICTION HERE]. In the event that either a court of competent jurisdiction directs us to go to court, or the matter involves copyright, you agree to fully reimburse [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] for its reasonable legal fees, costs, and disbursements if [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] is successful in the suit. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] reserves the right to seek an injunction to prevent breach of your obligation to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]'s intellectual property rights. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] reserves the right to withdraw Stock Files from use at any time, for any reason, and you agree to destroy any such file and discontinue the use of any Stock Files, Clips, and/or images that have been withdrawn from circulation by [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE].11. General Provisions: If any provision of this Agreement is found illegal or unenforceable, the legality and enforceability of the other provisions of the Agreement will not be affected. Your use of the Stock File(s) must be in compliance with all applicable law, including but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to export, currency, and the law of moral rights. This license will expressly not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. No license for usage of [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]'s Products is granted until payment in full for the Product has been received by [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]. No failure of either party to exercise or enforce any of its rights hereunder will serve as a waiver of such rights. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER&#8217;S JURISTICTION HERE], excluding its' body of law relating to conflicts of law, and excluding the issue of copyright, including its validity, interpretation, performance, breach, or other matter. Any and all disputes arising under this agreement, with the above exceptions, shall be settled by arbitration pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered in the highest court having jurisdiction as provided herein. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] reserves the right to pursue any claim or controversy relating to intellectual property rights, not by arbitration, but by a court located in the [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER&#8217;S JURISTICTION HERE]. In the event that either a court of competent jurisdiction directs us to go to court, or the matter involves copyright, you agree to fully reimburse [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] for its reasonable legal fees, costs, and disbursements if [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] is successful in the suit. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] reserves the right to seek an injunction to prevent breach of your obligation to [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE]'s intellectual property rights. [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE] reserves the right to withdraw Stock Files from use at any time, for any reason, and you agree to destroy any such file and discontinue the use of any Stock Files, Clips, and/or images that have been withdrawn from circulation by [NAME OF MUSIC PRODUCER HERE].
This album is ok if you like Air Supply. Unfortunately they don't sound the same live as they do on there old releases. If you buy this album be aware that it's "Live" and not a studio recording. I didn't listen to the samples first and I should have because I was disappointed with the album. I would highly recommend buying Air Supply Greatest Hits instead of this album.Thanks,L.J.T.
I do not speak Hungarian. I bought this collection for Hungarian relatives who like traditional songs, the kind you hear at Hungarian picnics or played by Hungarian bands in the United States. They did not recognize a number of the songs in the collection and thought others were quite old. So I am not sure what is in this collection. However, it makes for pleasant listening.
This compilation has many solid 70's hits but the purist will be disappointed as many of the songs are re-recorded and not the original hit single.  They still capture the essence of the artist and the quality of the recordings is good.
Skaroulis' debut Homeland was released over 13 years and since then George's recording output has been at a prolific pace of essentially one album a year. While the vast majority of his material is superbly performed and the production always warm and tender, over the years Skaroulis' original compositions seem to have been given a backseat. Unfortunately, as successful as Imagine is in paying tribute to important songwriters and performers in his life, the lack of original compositions continues as "The Fire Within" represents his sole original contribution to the album.If you enjoyed 2005's Forever Young there is no doubt you will enjoy Imagine. Those of you that continue to crave Skaroulis in a creative mood with his own compositions may hesitate as one original composition just may not suffice. If not, pull out 2006's stellar Sanctuary or even search for his out of print earlier material. Your efforts will be richly rewarded. Nevertheless, Imagine will help fill the void while we wait for George to share his own songs.
Disregard the stars - there are other problems here.The music excerpts placed here, as well as the song titles, are from an MGM original album from the early 60s: "Like Blue" with the David Rose string orchestra.  It is NOT the collaboration with Itzak Perlman.  Now, if you go to the "Like Blue" CD album page, you'll see no music excerpts and the reviewers complain that the correct music is not burned onto the CDs they bought.On this "Blue" CD page, we see reviewers discussing Perlman's performance.  And another customer has supplied a photo of the original cover from the 80s.  Has Amazon simply placed the wrong excerpts with this album?  Are the reviewers mistaking Previn's backing?  Have the CD companys confused and switched the content?  Regardless of the excerpts on these web pages, if one purchases "Blue," what musical content do they get?  And which music did the purchasers of the "Like Blue" CDs receive?Amazon needs to clarify.  "Like Blue" and a companion album, "Like Young" were 5 star cocktail jazz performances.  The Perlman collaboration, while enjoyable, is one of those cases where the total is less impressive than the all-star lineup.
Marco Rosato is a singer/songwriter, actor and musician who has been working stages since he first won a scholarship with Fred Waring and The Pennsylvanians. He's appeared as Daddy Warbucks in "Annie" and once opened for Joan Rivers' nightclubs shows. This is his first CD, self-produced and self released.Marco's voice is big and dramatic. On several of the songs, he does the one man band routine and plays all the music himself. About half the songs are self-composed. The rest mix show-tunes (David Foster/Carole Bayer Sager's "The Prayer), pop standards (The Everly Brothers' "All I Have To Do Is Dream") and songs about critters ("Lukie Lu" is about a pet pooch, and the title track). There's more than a little Andrea Bocelli in Marco's style and it suits the songs well. (Exception, his cover of "Somewhere Over The Rainbow," a song I could go the remainder of my life without hearing 'reinterpreted' again.)"Sealssong" is a pleasant mix of stage/devotional singing and some decent pop stylings. While I don't think Marco will be knocking Susan Boyle'sI Dreamed A Dreamoff the charts, if you like her (or Bocelli and Michael Buble'sCrazy Love), you'll most likely enjoy Marco Rosato's "Sealssong."
I have ALL 3 Posthumus CDs. I was Disappointed with Makara! It is just a wall to wall onslaught of Action Movie background soundtracks. The FINESSE & Beauty of songs like "NARA" & "ANTISSA" from the "UNEARTHED" CD are sorely & sadly missing!
Let me preface this review by stating that I own both of ESP's previous albums, and several of those albums' tracks are my absolute favorite pieces of "trailer" music. This genre has exploded into more general public awareness lately, helped very much by ESP and Globus.That said, Makara is lacking in subtlety and variety. As another reviewer mentioned, this is constant high-octane action music, and it gets tiring very quickly. If you enjoyed the more delicate aspects of Unearthed's Nara and many of Cartographer's Pi mixes, I'd recommend avoiding this release. The 30-second previews give a pretty good idea about the intensity of the tracks; now simply extrapolate and imagine that intensity being sustained for the entire length of each track. There's only so much emotional bombardment one can take on a single CD.Don't get me wrong; it is pleasantly surprising when one of the tracks show up during a shuffle-all playlist, but they are too grating for repeated, dedicated listens.Here's hoping their next release is a good mix of emotional highs and lows with more delicate orchestration!
Makara left me rather disappointed.On the up side:Posthumus dropped the songs from "Cartographer" and did stick to what they do best. Very dramatic and melodious music. They do a splendid job there. There isn't a single moment in which the album calms down.On the down side:The album sounds very cheap. Posthumus did a gigantic backflip here. Most symphonic metal bands and quite a few commercial trailer music companies start with synthetically produced orchestra sounds, because they can't afford a real orchestra. Nightwish, Within Temptation are now using real orchestras and "Two Steps from Hell" did so from the first album on i think. Both "Unearthed" and "Cartographer" used the real deal (the Seattle Symphony Orchestra to be exact) plus a choir, but this time around it is very obvious that no real orchestra  and absolutely no choir was involved and that the brothers simply used a computer. The album sounds flat, there is no depth  and no soul in the sound. Yes the arrangements are still epic, but even the harmonies are of the cheapest kind and I can't say that I was swept away by the music, the way I was while listening to the first two albums. I am very sure that tracks like "Vishnu", "Manju" and "Kuvera" would have sounded truly massive and epic with a real orchestra. Maybe the brothers will make more money with the album, because they didn't have to pay an expensive orchestra, but the listening pleasure has been equally reduced.  Especially bad are the two classical tracks that have been newly arranged. Just horrid with this computer generated orchestra. The weakest entry of Posthumus so far. No question about it.
I totally agree with the review made by Fire from New York - this is defenitely the weakest of the 3 albums with very little variety - the album is full of high paced tracks which at some point just makes you go the the next song, only to figure out that the next one is also bombastic. I got tired of it quickly and it actually made me feel stressed out. Perhaps this album is best for action movie soundtracks or driving on a highway or if you need to rush to the hospital ! The last song is a remake of Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata - although nice, they could have made it much more beautiful by adding in a choir. Overal a disappointing album of one of my favourite artists - it only a 'nice to have' , nothing more.
First time through the album it is striking and powerful.  But soon a monotonous experience begins to form.  While a few of the cuts do retain their magnetism others are very reminiscent of each other.  In rich full sound it is impressive though.
Okay, what we get here is a bunch of unreleased Empire material... which is a really, really good thing.  As a band with not much material I've got to say they're still one of my favorites, I listen to Expensive Sound at least once every two weeks.  You get some songs that were on the Expensive Sound collection but only as demo versions here, which doesn't bother me because I'm such a huge fan of these songs that I'll take versions recorded on a hand-held cassette recorder!Now the bad points, number one is obvious... these are available on MP3 download only, and I f'ing hate MP3s!  C'mon, Poorly Packaged Products can do better than this, I want the physical CD with booklet, pictures, maybe something written by Andrews!  Please, please, please release this proper.The second bad thing about this, at least to me, is that Andrews doesn't sing everything!  I love his voice and his vocal melodies, it's brilliant, Babel Wallace, I guess that's who sang everything here that Andrews didn't... well, let's just say his voice doesn't fit at all!  His voice belongs on some cheese 80s metal album, not singing some of the best post-punk (but before post-punk) songs of all time.  Babel really detracts here, I can see why Andrews dropped guitar and hit the road, I mean I could really go on and on how I hate this guys voice.Anyways, if you're a fan of Empire you'll do know wrong getting these songs.  Maybe wait though, I'm hoping P.P.P. will put this to proper disc soon!
The description shows links to the original artists singles and how much you'll save by buying this album, but after downloading this album, it is apparent that the songs are not sung by the original artist.  The "Cardio Workout Crew" does a decent job trying to replicate the original artists, and for some, they do a great job, but not for all.  If you're looking for something to keep you going at the gym, this will work, but don't expect everything to be just as it would be had you bought each mp3 individually.
I originally bought and downloaded track 2 of Disc 1 which is What Is Love (from A Night At The Roxbury). I love the track 'paid my $0.99 with pleasure.Looking at the rest of the tracks I was lured in to buying the collection recognizing and liking enough songs to warrant me buying the entire download.I Googled this collection could find no information. Many of the songs are listed as Re-Recorded/Re-Mastered and/or are slightly different versions of these famous songs. Most of the tracks sound very very similar to the original but are not quite the same.I can make an educated guess on what Re-Recorded/Re-Mastered means legally,  I assume it is a way of getting out of paying royalties on the songs. I expect the original movies featured the original songs.On top of this the download does not work properly. I download into Windows media player and despite 3 attempts the download refuses to separate into 2 Discs (you cannot blame it because this collection was never released on CD it is an mp3 download only). The effect is the tracks compile not as 2 discs but 2 sets of songs one from each 'disc' but numbered 1,1 2,2 3,3 etc. Meaning you get 2 track ones, 2 track 2's etc different songs but listed the same. Not the end of the world but very annoying.Incredibly Amazon acknowledged the problem and refunded my money which is v.rare for mp3 downloads. Says a lot about what a quality organization Amazon is although I am not sure they will do it for everyone especially if you are tracked reading this review.My advise is buy the tracks elsewhere, even What Is Love sounds a tiny bit different than the movie. Still great but not quite right.
I bought this because my iPod got wiped and I needed cheap music it fill it up for my workouts. I rely on music to keep me going, so I needed something upbeat. Unfortunately, these songs just don't have the oomph of the originals.  The album is okay, but I wouldn't recommend it if you can add the originals to your collection.
Some quite good songs.  Some unusual picks.  Didn't like the too long notes in a couple of songs.  He will always be Jean Val Jean.
Nice to get two CD's but music was not from original artists it would have been great to have original artists but sounds are fun.  Nice gift for special birthdays.
Received it in the mail and the plastic cover to the CD was cracked..  should of shipped it with bubble wrap..  But I like the tunes and thought it was a  great throwback gift..
This Ocean and Sea Wave cd its okay until you get to end of it and all you hear is a loud voice advertising the company who made it and how you can go to their website for some more nature sound cds. After a great relaxation I immediatly got so tense. I wasnt expecting it to end this way. Incredable!
As stated by the other reviewer, these mantras are clearly for use when practicing yoga on your own and looking for accompanying mantras.  They are repetitive -  not for listening enjoyment, but for practice and meditation.  They are not the melodic and fun mantras found on her DVDs, which is what I was hoping for.
Here we have the original lead singer of the buckinghams (dennis tufano)from the 60's and the "new" lead singer (carl giammarese) who has been fronting the band in and around chicago for the better part of 30 years now.  Good acoustic version of "kinda of a drag".  The new songs have that early to mid 70's sound of a duo here, no rock band feel here at all.  Interesting to see how they evolved after the string of big hits in the late 60's.
Although I loved the piano music throughout the album, transitions between the pieces ruined the pace. The silence between the songs would have been fine if the pickup had been at the same pace as the previous selection. This made treadmill walking awkward as adjustments had to be made to the pace of the machine.
This is a tremendous sonic achievement as well as terrifically performed music... This album was originally recorded on 35 millimeter FILM and so has almost NO SURFACE NOISE considering it was recorded in 1960. Do not pass this one by!!!Unfortunately, the STEREOchorale should be called the MONAURALchorale here. They reissued this in one channel...ARRRRGH! Should be 5 stars otherwise.
Let me preface this by saying that like any reviews mine are, of course, purely subjective. I got this CD yesterday, so perhaps I haven't given it a fair trial yet, but I'm pretty disappointed after a couple of open-minded listens. Rather than the pure acoustic brilliance and (therefore) clarity that I had hoped would showcase Kathy Fisher's wonderful, unique voice this CD largely amounts to a collection of rather dismal, over-breathy dirges. If you're a "One" fan (I am not) you will probably like "Stripped" - the overall tone is very similar. The songs that are duplicated are not noticeably better or worse, although I do prefer the stripped verion of "The Life".
Although these are some great 90s hits, this seems to be a bit of a bootleg.  Not sure who the artist is, as it sounds like the same person on all songs.  Decent versions to listen to while working out or as background noise.
Mostly I've enjoyed Paul's 70's releases. But I have to say, so much of his stuff goes all over the place, some of it downright crappy. It sounds like Paul took whatever struck his fancy any old day and put on whatever record he was working on at the time. And who in the world around him is going to call him on it? I haven't heard much of anything after mid-80's, as I got tired of paying for such uneven efforts compared to what he used to do. It was nice of him to throw in a nice full size poster of him, Linda and Denny with photos of his working holiday aboard The Wanderlust on the other side when I bought the album back in late 70's.
It is ok did but didnot pay attention to the fact that the songs were not sung my the orginal artist.  I will still listen to it, but not very often.
In an unusual move for a direct to video release, the original soundtrack by Livingwithanangel [sic] has been released on CD, and MP3, as Ghost Trap (Ost) [ASIN: B003QZ6UJG ]  Some of the numbers have dialog from the movie included.  The music is not inspiring and sounds more on the order of cheap video game sound, but can be used for innocuous background sound.  The CD cover features the three stars, facing forward, wearing the ghost glasses and the MP3 has 3 children, possibly the stars, with their backs to the viewer.
I wanted to listen to Katy Perry - California Gurls, Shakira - Time for Africa but I was disappointed at the singers because they are not original. Wish they made us known to that fact. However, the beat and melody of each song were good and the lyrics are tamed without offensive language.  This CD is actually good for little kids to listen to.
I wanted some ambient background music for when company is over, this is a little too funky and chill lounge techno club. Some songs almost verge on jam band / jazz musical improvisation which I find distracting to conversations. You get a lot of music though.When I saw &#34;lounge&#34; I was thinking of classy lounge not a lounge where people have excessively dilated pupils.
after watching michael on tv, i was greatly anticipating a fantastic album from him.  he seemed like such a nice young man and i really liked his voice.  the entire album is raspy / rough.  i was hoping for something other than the entire album being a blues album.  it is clear that other people were influencing michael on this album.  the album is 'okay', but not near as good as he was on tv with all the different styles of music he was asked to sing.  it would be really good to hear him do an album with different varities and styles of music other than all blues.
I was disappointed with the song choices that were performed on this DVD.  I wanted to hear the types of songs that he performed on the America Has Talent TV Show when he competed for the top prize.  I guess that I should have listened before ordering the DVD.
Would have liked a more studio sound than live. Loved the duets but everything started sounding the same. Too much screaming for me.
The music is great, but all the song titles are wrong. Who are the morons in charge there? It would have been five stars, so that makes -2 stars for this site.
What a voice! Great songs and a great price for 50 tracks, although the live recordings from Cafe de Paris are a little weak. Too bad about the mix-up of the tack titles. Would be a shame if you'd skip the chance to own this bargain because of that, so here's the proper track listing:1. Kiss Me Honey Honey Kiss Me  2:302. As I Love You  2:563. From This Moment On  1:474. Born To Sing The Blues  2:555. The Banana Boat Song  2:506. Fire Down Below  2:517. My Funny Valentine  3:158. Cry Me A River  3:309. The Wall  2:2810. S'Wonderful  2:1711. Blues In The Night (My Mama Done Told Me)  4;0312. Crazy Rhythm  2:3113. The Party's Over  3:3314. I've Got You Under My Skin  3:3515. Careless Love Blues  2:4316. Birth Of The Blues  4:1217. Night And Day  2:5918. The Gypsy In My Soul  2:5419. Love For Sale 3:5420. How About You 2:2521. Burn My Candle 3:3022. The Wayward Wind 2:5923. Basin Street Blues  2:4424. Stormy Weather 3:2125. St. Louis Blues 3:32 ?26. Puh Leeze Mister Brown  2:2427. If I Had A Needle And Thread 2:2328. There's Never Been A Night 2:1329. After The Lights Go Down Low  3:0930. If You Don't Love Me 2:2931. Tra La La 2:0532. Hands Across The Sea 2:2033. Beale Street Blues  3:1134. Take My Love, Take My Love 2:2735. Wabash Blues 2:3736. Tonight My Heart Is Crying 2:2437. You, You Romeo 2:4938. A Foggy Day 3:1339. April In Paris 2:5840. I've Never Been In Love Before 3:4341. The Man That Got Away 4:0542. I'll Remember April 4:1043. Easy To Love  3:0644. No One Ever Tells You 2:5745. They Can't Take That Away From Me 3:1346. Born To Sing The Blues (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 0:5947. Somebody Loves Me (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 3:1748. My Body's More important Than My Mind (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 3:4349. Sex (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris) 3:2650. I've Got You Under My Skin (live at Caf&eacute; de Paris)  4:50
The album is nice ambient music; however, it is not close to the quality of the official soundtrack. However, this groups work is a good Fan Independent quality of Music.
These aren't the original singers, but I actually like "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing" just as much as the real versions if not even more.  I also really liked this version of "Morning has Broken."
T'Pau, named after the high priestess of the Planet Vulcan in Star Trek, has fairly little relevance to their actual music. Good songs, the album was very enjoyable and inexpensive.
This album just had to many songs on it that were not seriously related to the &#34;Hump's&#34; songbook.  There are much better albums to be had with him in concert.  Of course, as always, his voice regardless, is amazing.
I like Marty Balin...However, If I'd known this was all Spanish Music, I would of saved my Money. I think this should be noted in the C.D. description. I was very disappointed.  I was hoping for a new album....as good as his older ones. Check this out, before you waste your money as I did.I recieved this cd...but due to a manufacture...mistake....I was sent another group....with his Face/label on the cd packaging.  I was quickly repaid..back.  Was a manufacture mistake.  Possibly other's being sent out by error.  THIS IS A CORRECTED REVIEW>>>TO REPLACE THE ABOVE OPINION>>EARLIER SUBMITTED>RDC/KC  3/2013.
Just so others know, "Blue Highway" is a new Marty Balin album that is just like all of the other Balin albums...a mix of rock, ballads and recylced older material.  It is definitely not composed of "Spanish Music"....I wish the other reviewer would delete his utterly false and deceptive review.  Balin fans will, for the most part, appreciate this album.  There is not a single "Spanish" song on the album!
At South by Southwest (2006) I met Latvian singer-songwriter Goran Gora, whose work really impressed me.In 2007 I repeatedly listened to  Goran Gora's album "Jetlag"--even insisting that dozens of my friends listen to it as well. Back then, Goran was a singer-songwriter making mopey music. While I adored Jetlag, it's an album with a very lonely sound, full of songs about longing for love.In contrast, "Mystyrys Yrs"  by  "Goran Gora and the Yrs" is a far more hopeful and accessible  album, filled with songs about the arrival of love.For the last month, I've been driving around Austin listening to the copy of "Mystyrys Yrs" that Gora pressed into my hand when I was in Latvia this past summer. The friends who've ridden in my car during this period have used terms from "chill" to "Erasure-esque" to describe the sound.  While I know that the "hidden track" on my CD "A Dance Away" was a huge hit in the Baltics,  I'm a little ashamed to admit that, while alone, I've listened to "Silly Tunes"  something like 80 times, simply hitting repeat over and over and over.  In many ways, that brilliant duet is reminiscent of the interplay between Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash.One of the things that I really like about "Mystyrys Yrs" is the way Gora's English-language lyrics have clearly matured in their phrasing and delivery since "Jetlag."Living in Austin, Texas, I'm exposed to more singer-songwriters than you can shake a tip-jar at.  As Gora matures, I fully expect him to join the ranks of respected singer-songwriters like Slaid Cleaves and Stephen Bruton.
There is too much audible sibilance (mostly in track 2). Some of it seems to be due to the studio recording (I bought this again as a CD and my FLAC rips have sibilance at the same parts, but it was barely audible), but it is quite pronounced in these MP3s. I'm not sure if it's due to crappy encoding or just the limitations of the MP3 compression/decompression algorithms. Either way, save yourself the trouble and buy this as a CD.
This album was her weakest out of all five of her albums I thought. There's some good tracks but it mostly sounds uninspired for Meja. All of her other albums are much better than this one. However, if you insist on wanting to hear it and analyze it for yourself, you'll find that it's more rockier than all her other albums so if you're looking for a more rock-driven Meja, get this album to enjoy a few good rock pop tracks along with some uninspired filler.
First, just to tell you about me, so you can see if you would trust my opinion; I'm a very critical and demanding Sound Engineer.  I'm wearing a pair of Beyer Dynamic DT770 Pro headphones (because they're the most fun headphone you will ever hear if you love punching bass without any washout of other frequencies).  These cans are *not* the most "accurate" reproduction, they are the most FUN reproduction of music while still maintaining the highest degree of accuracy other than the expanded sub-frequencies.  I use another flat sounding headphone model for engineering.  Okay, so now you know I'm a nutty purest.  (I'm also a comedy writer but I don't think you're going to get any of that in this review :) If you're curious, I've been published on RANT.com just look for the author's name "Grant" in the article byline.)Secondly, you should understand my musical tastes, right?  I'm a big fan of Classic Rock like Tull, Yes & Led Zeppelin, but also love Techno and House and produce commercial re-mixes.I hate the Greatful Dead, Elton John, etc. ("hate" is a strong word...still...yeah, I hate them)Thirdly, let me say, Ian Anderson is the most talented composer / musician I have ever experienced in my life and have bored my nephews and friends for hours-on-end explaining why.  Seriously, about 20 years ago in High School when I was asked who I would most like to meet living or from the past, I said Ian Anderson!  My second choice was Einstein.  So, now you understand, I'm a major fan of both Jethro Tull and Ian's own private works... I thought this album was going to be a remastering of the classic recordings, but they're NOT and this SHOULD ABSOLUTELY NOT BE YOUR JETHRO TULL EXPERIENCE!  Unless you're already a major fan, you should completely forget this album exists.Seriously, I was shocked!I don't think Ian Anderson lost his voice, I *THINK* he was attempting to do the songs differently out of personal boredom or something...that is *IF* this is even him.  Because, it sure doesn't sound like anything I would ever think Jethro Tull or Ian Anderson would release.  It does NOT sound like Ian Anderson at all, it's terrible actually!!Okay, now let me qualify that last paragraph; a lot of people didn't like Ian Anderson's voice originally.  I used to read that a lot, but I happened to LOVE this guy's singing voice, I also happen to think the critics simply don't get it.  His voice really is fantastic, and accurate for what he wants, what he's creating.  His voice is a major part of the composition.So, my opinion is that this is not an example / exhibit of what Tull or Ian sound like, and it should have been made CLEAR on the labeling!  THAT'S why I'm even writing this, my first, review!  And Ian, if you ever read this, let's do lunch or even better, a re-mix!
I am truly a fan of Seduction, but, after listening to the sample online, I've concluded the following:1. A very good job was done in the recording/mastering2. The Vibe of this version song fails to come "even close" to the original (listed for yourself - you may think differently)3. Final analysis is that "it's decent"I rate "Two To Make It Right (Re-Recorded / Remastered)"...Three stars!
it is okay, thought the price was to good, then I listened to it and realized that it was not the real artist..... sounds close but not exact
I LIKE THE MUSIC.  HOW EVER, &#34;BURY ME NOT ON THE LONE PRAIRIE&#34; HAD TWO MAJORSKIPS ON IT. NOT HAPPY WITH THAT!  THE ALBUM WAS ONLY $5.99.  I GUESS SHOULDN'TGRIPE ABOUT IT.
After I put this song on my player the music was really noisy like when someone's sound system isn't working right and it had lots of issues.Please don't buy this song make sure you listen to the clip before you buy this song.
I did not order this to begin with.  I think I went on and ordered it after I got my receipt, but I haven't heard it yet. (I figured that as long as I was being charged for it, why not have the CD.)The whole order was terribly confusing and I'd just perfer to cancel it.  I don't even know where the order came from! Jeanne Trivett
Very nice album; however, through the conversion process, the songs are not it's natural speed. The songs are slower than they should be. Outside of that, the Drinkard Singers are one of the greatest and should've gotten more recognition.
This is a hard driving blues rock album. All electric and very relentless. I liked their acoustic approach better, myself, but fans of a more aggressive style of music should do fine with Bacon Brothers.
I downloaded this CD on the recommendation of a friend. I will have to say that the vocals are fantastic. I don't think he's even begun to reach his potential there. That said, the subject matter is interesting, but the production is without surprise or variety. An amazing talent who could use the help of a decent producer to bring out in more detail what he has to offer. It was very hard to tell one song from the other by the musical monotony. Good, could be great.
In light of all the Christmas recordings we have today with huge orchestrations and the hype of big arrangements, this album is really quite simple. I bought it mainly because Georgio Tozzi is one of my favorite basses, and Rosalind Elias is another great singer. Though Tozzi obviously excelled in opera, he did almost as well in other areas. His "South Pacific" is wonderful, especially when singing "This Nearly Was Mine." There is the passion and heartbreak that other singers do not display. There is nothing special about this Christmas recording. I like Tozzi so I like the album.
I watched the movie and decided to support the soundtrack as I liked the use of the songs in the movie.  As with most movies though, when you get the full songs some of them were what you expected, some are better and then some are worse.  For me personally, I have about 4 songs on here I like with the rest being something that I ended up not being interested in.  I am still satisfied with my purchase though because I enjoyed the movie and support cycling causes.
The instruments used were really unusual and the music was very upbeat.  I wasn't as impressed with the other songs on this.
I gave it three star only because I didn't really know the songs.  I didn't like some of them and  I'm sure after I listen them again I'll remember more of them and even like most of them.  He is a good singer and I liked to listen to him.  Guess over the last 30 years I have not listen to this style of music. ( like country ).
These tunes are very dated, very fifies.  Lots of background singers to support his romantic songs, these 50 songs of the fifties are a great collection of pieces that you'll well enjoy.I bought them but found that I liked about half of them I could really cling to.  Some of them didn't have that hip sound and were drawn out into long lingering numbers that reminded me more of the late 40s.  some of the songs came from the previous decade so it is no wonder why.for the price, you can get the whole set and filter through to find the ones you like.  Kind of like a bargain basement deal.
i just love his voice.  Not my generation but still love to hear the great music from the past.  good buy
These kids tried real hard to modernize the hymn, and on a few cuts, they succeeded with stellar results.  I like the title of the record &#34;Everything is Sacred.&#34;  A good reminder.
Comment:Some nice selections, however, some of the selections are a little too new-a-gee!  Meaning, it is hard to pick out any melody on some of the selections.Don
I started reviewing the songs on my phone and a lot of them sounded like the original. Just like their other albums, which are probably handy for mixing beats or using for Karaoke backgrounds these are akin to the instrumentals.I don't think these are the original artists, but on the "samples" I didn't notice until I started listening to enough of them, they make the artists sound pretty much like the original song. Otherwise it seemed like a deal that was too good to be true, 50 recent hits for the price of a normal Amazon album. At least you can listen to what is there before you'd purchase it.
Nowhere in the description is the name of Zuniga. I thought I was purchasing a song sung by Paul McCartney and John Lennon. Silly me! My mistake - and you can have it back with my permission - please. I just hope I have learned something from this.
As a long time Diahann Carroll fan I jumped at the chance to get a reissue of two full albums as a $6.99 download.  However, I would caution anyone buying this combo to beware that the sound quality is definitely lacking.  It is almost as if they used old LP's as the sound source.  And while I'm still happy for the chance to have this material by Ms. Carroll, if you are very particular about sound, don't buy this download.
Valera seems to compose songs that he intends for generations to sing along to. They are simple and accessible. So to reinterpret them, you've got to have the ear for when embellishments and rephrasing work (the late Eva Cassidy was the master of this, she can make a known song sound like new). Alas, Sharon is no Eva.
The artist of this song, "Yusuf," is also known as "Yusuf Islam," and was formerly known as "Cat Stevens." He's said and done some controversial things in recent years, and it seems everybody has an opinion about his positions, but this review is not about his political beliefs. It's strictly about the music.According to him, this song was inspired by the recent uprisings in Egypt. Tumultuous days, to be sure. So why is this song so damn sleepy and boring? It almost seems like it might have wanted to be a reggae song, but honestly, even through clouds of soporific ganja, the best reggae artists can light a fire of revolutionary fervor with their slow riddims and passionate singing. I mean, I wasn't expecting a punk song from the guy who wrote "Peace Train," but I hoped for some energy and emotion. Instead, this has passive, placating lyrics and a disinterested singer and band. You could literally rock your child to sleep with it.Well, at least this one won't stir up controversy. A few yawns, yes, but that's about all.
I bought this for a "Sweet Jane" compilation, and I had to check the encoding rate. It sounds like a 96kbps MP3.
Smooth voice, easy-listening songs.  Liked his style and the fact that he sounds different.  May look at some of his other albums later.
I would have preferred more instrumental songs rather than vocals. But, all in all it's fine. Enjoy it for &#34;background&#34; sound when reading my Kindle.
There is an excessive reverb right at the start of &#34;Always&#34;, ruining the song.  So far, the rest of the songs sound ok.
Sound quality could have been much better. Unless you just love Heatwave and Rose Royce, I would skip thip this album. The selections were pretty much their hits.
Buyer beware: this is the same album as A TOUCH OF TABASCO. Don't get fooled into buying both! That's certainly no reason not to buy this...provided you haven't already bought the other.
League of Lights is a new project by Threshold keyboardist and songwriter, Richard West, and his wife, Farrah West. The album is described as "a modern melodic rock group with 80's pop sensibilities" on their website and this seems like a fairly good description, but there is more.With Farrah West's catchy vocals underpinned by varied synth modulations, some electronic elements, and an overall 80s feel, "I'm Alive" defines the direction for the album. Farrah West does indeed possess a voice suitable to 80s synth-pop, and together with her husband's contribution the blueprint of the songs is set. Richard West is critical to each and every song on the album. He will forever be a personal favourite of mine among prog metal keyboardists. He uses so many sound samples, symphonic textures and tones but he refrains from his role in Threshold in that there are no synth leads on this song. Rather, the emphasis is on the vocals from start to finish with inspiring lyrics saturated in faith, hope and love. On drums is ex-Fates Warning demigod, Mark Zonder, who is one of the main reasons I decided to check this disc out. This being a pop album, Zonder's contribution is hardly central to the songs -- he mostly holds down the rhythmic core with steady 4/4 beats, but his tone is still as unique as always. In order to add diversity to the songcraft, the West duo's "Last Senset" is washed over with a spine-tinkling piano theme and New Age-like sound explorations.On guitars, there is Within Temptation's Ruud Jolie at the helm. I have long lost interest in Within Temptation, as I have never been able to get into their more commercialized musical aspirations. Actually Jolie's playing is pretty similar to his work with his own band, as he usually plays within the realm of pop music sensibilities -- just as these songs dictate. Therefore, it would be wise not to expect any mammoth riffs or guitar licks. The most noticeable 'riffing' you'll hear is in the intro of "Ambertown" and the acoustic guitars planted underneath Farrah's indelible vocals on "Anime." This one sounds like a soundtrack played during the most heartbreaking scene of a romantic comedy. Her singing is sublime.That said, the album's secret hit is "Half Light" because it is the song where Richard West returns to his atmospheric playing heard in Threshold. The keys on this track evoke Kevin Moore's solo material (thinkGhost Book) with sparse notes ringing atop Farrah West's multi-tracked vocals whilst "Cool of the Day" is based entirely on synth-piano and her gorgeous a capella vocals.Bottom line, League of Lights is worth checking out if you want to hear Richard West in a much more laidback musical setting with the wonderful vocals of his wife. This is not prog by any stretch of the word -- the songs are short and simple, but the use of keyboards is truly uplifting. If you're a die-hard Threshold fan, you have to wait a bit more for their third Damian Wilson era.
To me it is a perfectly soothing collection. In fact, my stressed cat seems to like it as well. However, there are a couple tracks with piano or high pitch sounds that seem to irritate her, so can't give it more than an &#34;okay&#34;.
I got turned onto this band about a year ago, and was hooked. One thing I did notice is they really like to repeat some of the tracks on their albums, tweaking them here and there. Good tunes on here, but I can definitely see why they were held off of Dandelion Gum, their crowning achievement. (IMHO)
Had high hopes based on preview but wasn't excited once I played the album.Some of the songs lacked that something extra that makes cover versions special.Based on this album, not interested in buying more.
When I first found this album I was pretty excited to say the least. I have always been a big fan of the Legend of Zelda series and have fond memories of the musical scores from the various games. This album not only does the songs justice but also takes the time to add in all the other important parts the music lacked in game, presumably because you were on an 8, 16, 64, etc. bit platform and limits existed at those points in time. The only reason I have rated this album as a three star product is the actual recording issues I heard while listening to the album. On several of the song I could hear the sound get cut or interrupted between pauses in the song, in addition to that I could hear crackle and pop noises while listening to the album. My first impression was that my headphones had an issue so I tried listening to the music through speakers and found the same issues. When I looked up and listened to the song on a few other websites I found that the problem persisted. Ultimately it was an issue in the albums actual recording. It is a genuine shame that something that simple would be overlooked by anyone involved in creating this album, and in my personal opinion severely discredits the musicians involved because they show genuine talent in their performances when not marred by faulty recording.
Intriguing self-release by a woman who I think is about 95% of the way to a breakthrough. Now, easy listening is not my preferred mode (which should be obvious by the rest of these reviews) and maybe I&#8217;m way off base; no one would ever confuse me for Simon Cowell. (I&#8217;m sexier.) But I think the one problem that exists within DeWitt&#8217;s otherwise appealing and distinctive voice is one of restraint; there are a few places on this album where it seemed like she was keeping it low-key when she should have (indeed, it seemed to me she wanted to have) been belting it out like Mitzi Gaynor after an entire pitcher of martinis. (Check, as an example, the last minute of &#8220;Believe&#8221;.) Combine that with a little more punch in the band and the next album should be putting her name in much brighter lights.
Soulful house is a good CD with some good grooves. What I don't like like is that the song is not continous. I would recomment snatching a few songs from this one and creating a playlist of your favorites.
First of all, you won't find as comprehensive selection of Belafonte tunes for the price anywhere. The compromise? Low bit-rate. The files in this selection average about 165 kbps versus Amazon's standard of usually about 256 kbps. For audiophiles, this may be a deal-breaker, but for those looking for great songs for playback on low-end headphones or iPhone/iPod speaker docks, this collection won't disappoint. Regardless of sound quality, this is a great and inexpensive introduction to a master!
Thought I was getting the songs with lyrics file for my Karaoke software... This is just the song, minus the vocal tracks. So you will need to know the song, or have the lyrics on hand.
I didn't care so much for this version of this song as the original one. I thought it was ok.
It's ok....but I don't see why you would even consider getting this over the original or any of the live records, for what, 10 cents more?  This version is missing heart and feeling, which you just can't emulate
All the artists on this album obviously have a great deal of respect for Al and his music. Their enthusiasm is clear on the first listen. But, only a little more than half of the tracks really "hit" for me the other 49% are skippable. Given that there are 21 tracks, that still means you have 11 or 12 good songs, so I'd definitely recommend this purchase for Al Fans. The weakest songs are, unfortunately, the original tributes and new parodies. But the new versions of CNR, This Is The Life and You Make Me are really cool.
This was on the page for The Eagles and I accidently ordered this. I am giving a three as the guitar playing is good but probably will not listen to this.
if you're gonna spend the $, time and effort -- get the real thing with the person who made it famous...
Well i Cant complain because its a free sampler, but i was skeptical and made sense seeing how most of these songs didn't really stand out much and didn't know any of them, but none the less they weren't horrible but neither were they excellent, however you can't beat the value
I had to have this version for my party. There is another long version they call the JAZZ version that sounds better.
I expected it to be a movie
Fanny was my very first experience as a musician (back "last century," and WAY down @ the bottom of the bill), and I've kind of kept in touch over the years.  And before I get too joyous about this, a couple of things: I never received my 'Slammin' Babes' CD from you-know-who (definitely NOT Ammy!); and secondly, at Ammy's behest, I purchased a CD, a lady named "Linq," upon which June, Jean, & drummer Lee Madeloni (Jean's son) provided music.  There, maybe they were't all that great, but maybe that was because of the dreary subject matter lyrics...so tell me THE MOST IMPORTANT question - ANYONE: Does Alice DeBuhr get to play drums on any of the tracks on 'Play Like A Girl?'
This is a pretty good album.  It is typical of June & Jean Millington's styles, and I'm glad to see they are still performing and producing music.  I really liked the album &#34;Running&#34; better & would like to be able to get it on a CD.  But this one is pretty good and I enjoyed it.
Basically if you are looking to follow these 2 talented artist/sisters check it out. They still sound great but none of the songs are a &#34;Must Listen&#34; at least for me.If you are looking to relive the sound of Fanny this ain't it.All 4 members made the sound not just June and Jean.The compilation available on Amazon is the way to go including live performance versions is costly but thanks to today's technology you can just purchase the cuts that bring back those memories. I saw them play back in the mid 70's at a place in Cape Cod called On The Rocks and they blew me away. No all female band despite the level of success has put on a better performance Thars my 2 cents.
I've been listening to Laura DiStasi these past few days, she has a beautiful voice and her songs seem to transport you deep inside.I'm left wanting more songs...
Unlike many compilations found on sites like this, these songs appear to be the original recordings.  At least, the songs that I am familiar with are the originals.
Does anyone know if this is Lou Christie with a different spelling or a knock-off? This album doesn't appear in any discographies.
May Tabol's bird chirp of a voice is certainly one of the most unique things I've heard out of an indie band in a long time. Throw in an almost endless array of instruments, harmonies and rhythms, and you've got Pree's album Folly.
I got excited when I saw this album advertised because there were so many songs on one album.  I apparently didn't read the fine print because I thought they were going to be the original singers.  But overall they make a very good effort of sounding almost true to the original songs.  The beat goes very fast and does make for good workout music, which I guess was the intent of this album.
I remember this song from the movie &#34;Billy Jack&#34; and I love the message it provides.  I even remember the old Sunny and Cher show when they played the tune to a little cartoon music video.
It's and ok track. Richard Cimone's older tracks have more flavor, but these days and in the Freestyle genre, it's just too hard to bring forth a hit.
This is really an EP.  I think this is similar to her first album, which many people like.  I hope she returns to the incredible growth she displayed on Breathing Underwater- an incredible cd.  She's a great singer and writer so you can't go wrong regardless. Go Marie!!!
This is not bad... the music, written by Michael Hildebrandt, is very reminiscent of Electric Light Orchestra, as the Dallas Morning News says.  However, the vocals are a bit more nasal (sorry) and reminiscent of Alan Parsons Project.  Speaking strictly for myself, it didn't QUITE sell me on the CD.  But considering this is "local talent", the production quality is very good, and if Hildebrandt can get additional vocalists to add some richness to the pieces, well then...Definitely worth a listen.  Buy it if you like it -- at least you know the money isn't going to some guy with a $20 million mansion in Malibu. As for me, I am putting this on my watch list.  I expect the 2nd album to be even better, smoother, and more richly produced.
Pale blue Jak is OK, but Neil Byrne's voice is weak by itself, compared to what I have heard him sing on the Celtic Thunder CDs.
i'm sry i love Neil very much but i would not pay 30 bucks for a cd :O i will buy it when the price comes down
I was very disappointed with this album by Neil who I greatly admire as a performer of Celti Thunder.  He sings better with the group and the songs are more suited to his voice.
A clean, cohesive, and colorful weave of many threads, creating a melodic cloth that is both immediately comfortable and strong enough to be durable for the long haul. Built on a backbone of straight-ahead rock, GK blends elements of funk, jazz, blues and pop into a full-bodied cocktail of sonic delight that appeals to a wide range of connoisseurs. Burning Man has wonderful texture and flavor, marking a very strong first effort from new artist GK.
It wasn't bad .. but it wasn't. The best of audio .. I will keep looking.  Guess I was hoping for a better update of music.
Very basic nothing too make this worth it. The mixing was very armature. Just nothing to make this stand out.
Nice to have these 2 albums on CD, but too bad Come Sing With Me is in mono when it was made in stereo on LP. I have I Feel So Spanish in stereo on a 2-fer CD which I bought from Steve & Eydie's web site. I suggest you buy from there to get the best quality.
My feeling is that techno Christmas songs are inherently kitschy - they have some value as background music at some event or used in some ironic sense so it's hard to really rate them as hardly anyone is going to sit down and listen through these or listen to them as pleasure - these songs serve a function to an event, a quasi soundtrack or something like that ... with that said, there are some decent and "useable" rendetions ... of course, now with a preview, you can pick out the ones that best serve your need - I found the following better: White Christmas, Winter Wonderland, Rocking Around the Christmas Tree, Auld Lang Syne and Daydream Believer (ok, no one's fav Christmas song).
If you're looking for the six hit singles registered on Columbia by Jill Corey - born Norma Jean Speranza on September 30, 1935 in Avonmore, Pa.) - from 1954 to 1958, in one volume, keep looking. Nothing out there at the moment has gathered those hits together, never mind their B-sides, not even this 26-track mp.3 collection optimistically - but way off the mark - labelled "The Very Best Of." In fact, the ONLY such hit included here is Big Daddy, her last in September 1958 which hit # 96 Billboard Pop Top 100 on Columbia 41202 with the backing of the Glenn Osser orchestra (the flip, Wherefore Art Thou, Romeo, is omitted).After that she left the business when she married Pittsburgh Pirate Don Hoak, and only returned to music after Hoak died of a heart attack following 8 years of marriage (they had a daughter, Clare). She would, however, never attain another hit single.Her interest in music began at a young age when she began emulating one of her favorites, Carmen Miranda, but at age 13, winning a number of talent shows and eventually landing her own radio show. When Columbia major-domo Mitch Miller heard a tape, he recommended she audition for both Arthur Godfrey and Dave Garroway and ultimately, although both showed interest, she chose Garroway's offer (a wise choice considering the later actions of the ego-maniac Godfrey and his public firing over the air of Julius LaRosa). It was Garroway who suggested the stage name Jill Corey.In January 1954, at age 19, she registered her first hit single when Robe Of Calvary made it to # 22 Pop with the support of the Percy Faith orchestra on Columbia 40123 b/w Minneapolis. After that the hits were hard to come by, but in late 1956/early 1957 - and right at the start of the R&R; Era - her cover of the 1926 Fred Waring & His Pennsylvanians' hit, I Love My Baby (My Baby Loves Me) got as high as # 22 on Columbia 40794 billed as Jill Corey with Jimmy Carroll. The B-side was Egghead. The same billing then had a two-sided charter in April 1957 with Let It Be Me, a French tune whose English version by Jill had been introduced on the CBS TV series Climax. It peaked at # 57 in May and would later be covered with varying degrees of success by The Everlly Brothers, Betty Everett & Jerry Butler, Arthur Prysock, The Sweet Inspirations, Glen Campbell & Bobbie Gentry, and Willie Nelson. The flip, Make Like A Bunny Honey on Columbia 40878, finished at # 95.Under her own billing, but still accompanied by the Carroll orchestra, she then had her best hit ever with the August 1957 # 11 Love Me To Pieces, which she had also performed on the July 15, 1957 Studio One Summer Theatre Production with the same title.  On Columbia 40955, the flip was Love. About a year later she had her final hit as mentioned above.Her TV work included the Garroway, Robert Q. Lewis, Ed Sullivan and Johnny Carson variety shows, as well as her own featured programs, and she was one of the vocalists in the last days of Your Hit Parade. Her only appearance in a feature film came in 1959 in the Columbia musical  Senior Prom.It is frustrating for hits collectors such as myself to see several Jill Corey compilations available, NONE of which make any attempt to include her charted titles. What you get here is of good quality, and certainly show off her vocal talents. But they are NOT her "very best" by any definition of the term.
When exercising intensely to this soundtrack, be prepared to have the beat fade and the music slow down at times, (think interval training or a sprint/walk kind of tempo).  This is so disappointing when you want a steady, upbeat tempo for your workout. The music is great to listen to, but to work out to may be another matter of opinion.  I prefer a steady upbeat rhythm. And with the workouts I do, I need that added energy boost from my music to help push me through, not the sudden lull of a soothing female vocalist.  Maybe I'm just new to trance workout soundtracks, because this seems to be the norm (two for two now).  For those who want to do interval training or a run/stop type of workout this soundtrack may be for you. I'm sticking with Intense! Workout Mix.  It's upbeat throughout the entire soundtrack (150 bpm for 60 minutes) without the angelic-like vocals to break up my rhythm.
To learn more about Pat, visit her website pathenman.com Read her story and enjoy the music. Say and Stones are two songs that have strong lyrics. Musicians on this debut album are top notch.
Ha. This CD has plenty of great songs on it. I sampled it through iTunes, which gives much longer sample times. My two favorites are &#34;Your Loving Arms&#34; (very sexy and great beat) and &#34;Bucci Bag.&#34;
First, this "album" has nothing to do with Winter or Christmas so if you were hoping for a loungey/exotica/chill Christmasy CD - look elsewhere. There are zero Christmas standards - even hidden under a dance track, no sleigh bells, etc, nothing - zero.With that said. it's also not really a lounge CD you'd actually want to listen to. It's professional music that has zero personality. It's pure professionalism. It gives you a glimmer of hip but nothing that would fall under chill or even exotica that might give a hint of being different and that people might even notice - but it's not dull so people nod off like muzak, or truly unhip causing people to ask, 'what is this ****?"The highlight of the tracks is SUNNY. It is totally professional without a hint of personality. It's perfect for a corporate pre-event as people are just showing up & checking in. It's got a quasi beat and even slightly hip ... for the hippest boutique hotel in Toledo. Then listen to a couple others tracks. There are a few that are duller than the others so it's a nice deal you can buy a handful of tracks - outside of SUNNY, they are pretty indistinguishable ... or if you need temp tracks for a family drama movie of the week you are scoring ... it's totally professional music without a hint of passion or personality ... it's certainly a useful and relatively inexpensive digital collection of tracks for corporate events, powerpoint presentations or 100% inoffensive music requirements ...
I wasn't sure which of her recordings to get, and I went with the cheaper one.  I think a more expensive one would have been clearer sound and not so tinny sounding.
Listen to one record at a time - having one after the other makes it boring. But knowing how long ago she was singing these songsmakes listening awesome.
I am a D.C. fan, but this sounds like an &#34;80's&#34; style song that may have been from the &#34;Romance&#34; album released in 1985.  David has recorded better songs than this one.
It's an OK walk down memory lane but I very much would have preferred Jack Jones' version, which was not available.
Had some good songs but would have loved to here some of Elvis's older songs. Do one the next time and I would buy it.
Good songwriting.Good vocals.This album has good talent on it but the production and instumentation is a let down.Many song just edges on being great.Album need more atmospheric instrumentals and less generic rhythm guitar lead.
It isn't the original artists & as in most cases - remakes aren't as good. It is average & glad I didn't pay any more than what I did.
I suppose if you were attempting to torture your luau guests with mind-numbing music, this would be your go-to CD.
My Opinion, too many songs with no singing. Most of them are just steel guitar with chord guitar backgrounds. My 20th word.
50 songs is nice. Nice atmosphere enhancer when people first arrive. after a while they (songs) all sound similar. But the first time around it was good...when it repeated, people wanted something else on.
This isn't a bad recording or performance.  It is about what you would expect at a good club.  It's worth the money but it isn't ONJ.
I never understand why artists change everything people like when they go into a studio. Her live performances are great and including the drum in the famous YouTube video was even better. However, in this version she completely changed the melody and cadence of the song. I still enjoy her music but her raw voice is just much better.
This free collection of electropop ditties is quite enjoyable. A lot of it has an '80s feel. It is all interchangeable and forgettable, but it makes a nice background for exercising or house cleaning.
Love Bing's voice but the recording is very tinny.  I tried adjusting the bass/treble settings on my pc but the songs are just off.
I wish MP3 karaoke could include the words or if you could buy a combination that included a version with the words and one without.
I did not realize it was not the original artists, some songs are performed better than others.  I do listen to it for exercising, would be better if it were the original artists, you get what you pay for!
A lot of the music is jam up, but some of it is really not too good.  It is well worth the price though.
Was Happy To See That France Finally Had Something To To Be Released, But Was Shocked To See That It Was A Cover Song Of A Song That Has Been Over Crowding The Market.  Was Hoping For An Original Track That Would Blow Her Out Of The Water and Not A Track That Would Make You Say... "Not That Song - AGAIN".  If France Was Smart, She Would Have Realesed A Song That Was Supossed To Be On Her "If You Love Me" CD and For Some Aparent Reason - Diod Not Make It.  Titled: "I'll Be There For You" Duet With "Come To Me" Producer Tony Green.  This Would Hav Brought France Right Back To The Top.  Vocals Were Strong, Track Was Strong... And If It Were To Be Released Today With Right Mix, This Would Be A Massive Hit For Her.  To Me, This Track Is Equal To "Come To Me" / "The Heart To Break The Heart" / "Gonna Get Over You". Wish You All Could Hear The Song and Judge For Yourself.  Perhaps Tony Green Will Have Another Artist Record It & Put It Out.  Would Really Be A Shame To Waste Just An AMAZING Song.But Like I Said, I'm Happy That She Has Something New.  It's Been Way Tooooooooo Long!  Looking Foward To The Music Video!  That Should Help The Single.
Didn't know much about this cast album.After listening to it, I kind of enjoyed it. The reason I gave it only 3 stars was because of the sound quality. I'm not sure if it was issued  from an LP or not, and since I have over a 1000 broadway and london cast albums, it was nice to add to my collection
I got this album because someone had recommended it to me. I like it, but it did not hit me like my friend thought it might.
This has some very nice songs, very good for dancing. About 10-12 of the songs are very good, so it is a better deal to buy the whole thing than individually (it's a lot cheaper).
For the most part this is a good soundtrack, and I gave 3 stars for being the most complete one I found. I do have one problem with it, though. There are a number of tracks that are different versions than what was in the game. If I wanted to hear different versions I'd look up the artist! I hate it when people do this to soundtracks. At least the songs I was really after were right.
I truly like Klaypex allot, they have a very unique sound and allot of high energy. The only downside I see is that the songs all start to sound same, they "reuse" allot of rythms and beats in multiple songs.
The MP3 translation of this album is disappointing from an audio reference. The quality of the original LP Vinyl is considerably suppressed in the MP3 version and we really lose the essence of this album, probably the best recording ever made by Erroll Garner. Concert By The Sea is outstanding but it doesn't match this recording, particularly his versions of Laura and The Man I Love. I have a copy of the original LP and despite it's many scratches of numerous plays and years, the MP3 version does not do justice to the original vinyl audio output. I'm really disappointed that Columbia Records, or whoever they may be today, didn't honor this great jazz icon with a quality CD upgrade.
I really enjoyed her slap stick and people of walmart videos.  But her raw voice leaves something to be desired for me anyway.  I hope she goes far but she uses a lot of voice editing.
This was not really an album I enjoyed. Listening to Ra, then this album I prefer to listen to Ra 'from one' their best album by far. Another minute was a little mushy and emotional, bleeding heart music...
Multinational, Switzerland based outfit RAK is the creative vehicle of Marc Grassi (music) and Dave Thwaites, and was formed back in 2004. The band released their debut album "Lepidoptera" later the same year to critical acclaim, and their live support of it has been described as a successful one. "The Book of Flight" is the band's second full length production, and was released in February 2012.And it is a fairly compelling sophomore effort they have made themselves, an album that will find a strong appeal amongst followers of symphonic progressive rock. That this is a conceptual creation is usually an advantage among followers of this type of art rock, and any CD that kicks of with a song clocking in at 17 minutes is bound to raise interest in itself. That the following three pieces all clock in at epic length another positive aspect for quite a few I surmise.But framework aside, the music itself is fairly intriguing too. It's easy to hear that the main composer in the band is the keyboardist, as quite a lot is based around the tangents for this band. Wandering piano motifs and an organ backdrop or more or less mainstay elements throughout, and soaring keyboard solos can be found aplenty. The guitar has more of a supporting role when not soloing, usually delivering harder edged, dark toned and dampened riff constructions that contrast the tangents quite nicely. Steady and often fairly sophisticated rhythms complement the dominating instruments quite nicely throughout. And the different instrumental elements are utilized in an efficient manner. Each part of this conceptual creation have multiple themes, with a nice and logical development to each of them. And they complement each other fairly well to. Sparse sequences that use guitar and piano only are used to good effect, gentle vocals and piano sequences too, but the most common mode explored and the one followers of symphonic progressive rock most likely will appreciate most are majestic, richly layered arrangements dominated by multiple keyboard textures where the guitar adds the darker tones needed for that really grandiose atmosphere to appear.Well made and well produced, and with some surprisingly well placed effects. The dissonant instrumental textures used on The Deception elevating this particular piece to a higher level a prime example in my opinion at least. But there's one aspect of this production that limits my enjoyment, which is the lead vocals. Dave Thwaites has a fairly uncommon vocal style, at least in my experience, and I suspect that his choice of tonal range and delivery both will be a feature that will, so to say, make or break this disc. Those who enjoy his lead vocals and are generally fond of contemporary symphonic progressive rock will regard this album as a strong one, while those who don't, those sensitive to lead vocals in particular, might find them too be too distracting. I'll readily admit to being in the latter category in this case.Overall this makes for a fine piece of symphonic progressive rock, and as long as you don't have a problem with the aforementioned vocal style this conceptual creation should be a nice addition to your collection. Especially if you enjoy fairly complex, contemporary sounding music of this kind explored within epic length compositional frameworks.My rating: 67/100
Though I do like piano music not all songs were to my taste but would recommend to a classical music listener.
Haven't listened to it yet, but I was so glad to find something I didn't have to pay for and thought I'd give it a try.
I gave this a 3 star only because I like a few of the songs. However it was a nice sampler to have and it is very relaxing. I do encourage you to download this sampler if you like relaxing music or love background music while you work.
This was a good deal for the price but I would not buy it again. It's not the original artists and I had already purchased it before I realized these were cover versions. The music sounds good and almost like the actual artists in most cases.
Matthew Ebel is an indie artist that bring something mainstream music has been missingLife and souland Dexter Peterson has lives several Thousand lives... these are his stories
This is one of my all time favorite songs. I bought the album thinking that the original version would be included. Next time I have to sample it. I still like these tracks but not as good as the original.
Some of the songs are original recordings panned and equalized to minimize the vocals and others are computer generated instruments with new singers.The biggest problem with trying to eliminate or minimize the vocals is that it also eliminates some of the music quality.  Most of the songs are still okay but some are a little shrill and thin and a few are thick and muddy. It doesn&#8217;t seem like they tried hard to correct or balance the finished versions.The new singers are not bad but it&#8217;s a little distracting when you hear the original singer or the background vocals coming through and they are not in sync.If you like the songs and are not overly concerned with the fluctuating sound quality, it&#8217;s a pretty good mixture of songs.
Thought it was the original songs not covers. My mistake. Still great songs.
These are more karaoke style recordings.Some of the songs are original recordings panned and equalized to minimize the vocals and others are computer generated instruments with new singers.The biggest problem with trying to eliminate or minimize the vocals is that it also eliminates some of the music quality.  Most of the songs are still okay but some are a little shrill and thin and a few are thick and muddy. It doesn&#8217;t seem like they tried hard to correct or balance the finished versions.The new singers are not bad but it&#8217;s a little distracting when you hear the original singer or the background vocals coming through and they are not in sync.If you like the songs and are not overly concerned with the fluctuating sound quality, it&#8217;s a pretty good mixture of songs.
These songs are not bad, with a couple I really liked, but Deb is better for me when fronting The Weepies - who were a real discovery and whom I love - than as a solo; at least judging from this CD.
This is a sub-standard re-issue of the original film music. I've often believed the old saying "if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all", but here in the merchandise world, where the market WANTS one to be "truthful", one can't always leave an "excellent" review.Starting with the first track "Overture" is not the REAL "Overture". It's actually track #4 on the CD or MP3 line-up "Nefud Mirage" put on in place. The REAL "Overture" can be heard in the film itself, or a more reputable audio release, including the original soundtrack LP.Also, this entire [particular] re-release was made FROM an LP [you can hear surface-noise especially with headphones] and the obvious "digital noise removal software" treatment leaves some of the tracks with that "under-water-going-through-a-pipe" effect. It sounds like a home-made job. [?]I'm reviewing this item because it's my own fault I didn't shell out the big bucks for a "mint condition" original LP or the over-priced out-of-print "Varese Sarabande" CD re-issue, who are known for their good quality.
It rocks!!! Buy this tune,and don`t believe the hype!! i AM A OLE` SKOOL MUSIC BUFF, AND THIS WHAT MUSIC IS ALL ABOUT!! HOLLA!!!
There were various versions all titled &#34;After the Lovin' &#34; Singles.  Unfortunately, this is a newer version than from the original LP record and track of the same title. It was a little disappointing. So, if you can, play before you order.  It's NOT the exact copy of the LP record. I am considering trying another version (pictograph) of this title to get what I really want.
I bought this album for one song. After listening to it I still feel the same. Psychic City is cool, I'm not so sure about the rest.
I love the song.  I just can't figure out how to move the electronic file to my computer.  This method of delivery is not for the tape and vinyl generation.
Didn't care much for this. It is just not what I thought it would be like. I thought it would be softer music.
Not my favorite version of the song, but good. I prefer the &#34;original&#34; version. What more do you want me to say?
The songs were terrible. Not really my cup of tea. But each song has a redeeming quailty worth of at least giving the album a try.
Some of the music was beautiful - others not so much.  The orchestra performed beautifully - I just didn't care for some of the pieces.
Benjamin Bloom has a great voice. That said, he doesn't push his range and the music is electronic gone badly. I have heard more variety and complexity on amateur sites. He has potential. He needs new management, or production, or something. Clever lyrics, but the songs don't really deliver.
Got hooked on their song &#34;Number 9&#34;, so decided to check out some of their other stuff.  Some are okay, others are bland.  Most are ruined by some hip-hop thrown in, which I find just god-awful.
We seem to wait and wait and wait for Ms. Wilson to get her act together! I amy die of old age waiting for another CD (long playing)! I hope not! She has some great material out there that needs to be remixed, packaged and sold! Here's an idea what about her doing her version of songs made popular by the ladies of Motown (her interpretation, with a fresh twist) maybe someone will pass this idea on to The Supreme lady (no royalties expected)!!!It can be called; "Supremely Presented: Ms. Mary Wilson
If this lp was ever issued on cd, it vanished quickly.  Now restored to availability, it showcases the great singer-songwriter Tom Paxton at a transitional moment, the very last of his recordings for a major label.  His song writing is as outstanding as ever, but in one instance the arrangement and execution betray a fine underlying lyric.  His original version of "The Hostage", a brilliantly observed take on the then-recent Attica, New York prison uprising and its aftermath, unfortunately pales in comparison to the subsequent Judy Collins cover.  For any true Paxton fan, however, the renewed availability of this album is cause for celebration.
I enjoyed it somewhat, since I used to listen to this group back in the 70s.  The sound is OK, but it is not the best effort from this group.  The extensive use of the flute, makes it sound more like south american music that puertorrican folklore.
The brothers are still putting them out but a lot of the magic seems lost.  After so many years, it's expected that some of the sound will change and in this case it's lost what made it great.  The first 3 albums where pretty much air tight then it started to slip.  That said, I do think this one is the best in the past few years.
Frankie's Las Vegas show was impressive but this CD fell short of expectations. Still not a bad recording. If in Vegas, see his show to get the full talent of this man.
Okay it's not the best dance song, but the Maui & Chris remix is best of the three on this remix EP.
Just for the edification of shoppers of Amistad by John Williams let me point out that this is not the original soundtrack recording, but is instead a re-recording.  My rating reflects the fact that this information should be provided on the product page and it is not.
It starts slow but I think worth the wait.  Definitally something I will need to be in the mood to listen to.  I enjoy that it is different from the mainstream, which is what I look for in music.
The long song is very slow at first, well, all the way until the middle of the first few minutes. Luckily it catches up and you can pull  your hand away from that &#34;Skip Track&#34; button on your mp3 player. Would go good with a video of the family at the beach, splashing through fall leaves, swimming at the lake, etc.
So I really liked the Waves and the Both Of Us album, but I thought of it as a start for an artist with potential. It was a bit rough around the edges. Well, no full length follow-up has appeared but Charlotte Sometimes has released a few ep's and they basically follow in the footsteps of her debut. Circus Head is more of the same- Great song ideas and heartfelt vocals in her unusual and enchanting voice, but the arrangements are often amateurish and I always have the feeling the songs are attempting to be modern R&B when they are actually rock songs. It's like the songs themselves are uncomfortable in their environment. Much like the Aretha Franklin version of &#34;I Can't Get No Satisfaction&#34;. Great singer, great song, just doesn't work. And that's what Circus Head is like. Personally, I'd listen to this girl recite the phone book. But her records just haven't got there yet.
First and foremost, I like Tiffany.I remember in fifth grade music class, my friend and I were arguing over which one of us was inevitably going to marry her, and the debate actually got a little heated. All things being equal, I think I would have wound up being the better husband, because he had some really unusual thoughts about women later in life. Fortunately, she didn't marry either of us."Hey, what in the name of all that is holy does that have to do with this album?"Well, about as much as "The Very Best Of" being mostly the very best of artists who aren't Tiffany, performed by Tiffany.I listened to it all, so you can read about it track-by-track, because this is far too enigmatic to summarize:I Think We're Alone Now -- This is listed as both remixed and re-recorded. The only conscionable reason I can come up for this, is copyright limitations, because this track only serves to demonstrate that many of us lose vocal range as we get older, and that Tiffany's record company had a lot more invested in studio time in 1987.Could've Been -- First, I think this is probably one of the best songs Tiffany performed. This one is also re-recorded and remixed, and it sounds much more honest coming from a grown woman than it did from a teenager. If you asked me if you look fat in those pants, I could say "Yeah, really fat." and that would be honest, too. Doesn't mean you want to listen to it.Let's Hear It For the Boy -- Starts out with a Casiochord-sounding bassline from K-Mart's electronics department circa 1990, and ends in some strange warbling.Forever Young -- Performed as a ballad that evokes any of the ballads on Debbie Gibson'sElectric Youth, without managing to sound as good as any of the ballads on Electric Youth.Livin' On a Prayer -- Better produced, this would probably be a smash hit, likeDJ Sammy and Dodoing "Heaven" a decade ago.Love Is a Battlefield -- Okay, Pat Benetar is a force of nature. Holding a candle to Pat Benetar without actually being Pat Benetar is an exercise in futility, and poor Tiffany got a workout. Again, I like Tiffany, but she just can't pull it off. Not only can you hear her voice stress out like crazy, you can also tell where whoever mastered this album tried to make it less obvious.Harden My Heart - Is that a MIDI sax? Really? Ugh. Excusing that, Tiffany does a commendable job on one of the boringest songs ever.Now, "Running Up That Hill" kind of surprised me. Was this a hit outside of college radio? And even so, I think it's kind of a brave selection. It's executed really well, actually. At least, if you get past the strange electric pencil sharpener noise that comes in just before the minute mark and ends abruptly, for no obvious reason. Back again at about 2:00... still going past 3:00... who thought this was a good idea? Despite that, definitely one of the stronger tracks.We Got the Beat -- Have I mentioned that I'm sure Tiffany is a nice person? I'm sure she's very nice. And... oh wow, is this track terrible. "We" is either Tiffany and a reverb pedal, or one of her friends, possibly both. They don't sound like they have the beat, and when the band playing the music sounds like the same band that rocks out every Tuesday at the chicken wings place down the street, I can't say I blame them. There is nothing redeeming about this track.Hey Mickey -- Oh. My. God. Can I listen to We Got the Beat again? Was a bet lost? Did Toni Basil offend you somehow? Tiffany found friends for this one, and apparently, she has lots of friends who are hearing impaired. This may be the worst song I've heard this year -- and it's mid-December.Total Eclipse of the Heart -- A million people have covered this song, and Tiffany is one of them. Whoever was in the recording booth saying "I think we need more vocals. I'm just not sure there's enough vocals." should have been kicked out, because they turned a mediocre rendition of Bonnie Tyler's classic in to an "Everything clearly peaked, did you use Audacity on a Walmart laptop to master this?" mess.Hold Me Now -- A few years ago, Tiffany didDust Off And Dance, and if you liked that, you'll probably like this. Another standout track on this album, even if the style of the "club remix" is a bit stale.Kids in America -- Starts out with a keyboard solo performed by someone who I bet spends lots of time perfecting Major Tom. The weird space / future sound doesn't fit the song or Tiffany's singing style, and there's another perfectly forgettable track that was ruined by a producer with cliches and an engineer who never engineered.Voices Carry -- Just seeing this track made me cringe a little. In my delusional world, you don't mess with Aimee Mann. Period. Tiffany, you've pushed too hard, and this desert princess rendition is an affront to common decency. The only way this could have been more trite, is if a snake charmer's pungi had been involved somehow. Fortunately, she had the decency to skip over "He said 'shut up', he said..."Venus -- Musically, a karaoke version of Bananarama's '86 remake. So, imagine Tiffany singing this at a karaoke bar.Panic -- Like Running Up That Hill, another brave choice. I'd expect anyone covering The Smiths to go for the more obvious (and tedious) "How Soon Is Now?", so there's some respect here. And, Tiffany totally pulls this one off. Again, another track that hearkens to Dust Off And Dance.Call Me -- What 80's cover album would be complete without something from Blondie? This one.I Don't Wanna Fall In Love -- As I'm reading the track list, I'm thinking to myself "Was that Jane Child song? That's another interesting tra... Wait. No.She Wants Revenge?" And you know what? She kind of nails it.You've Got A Way -- Admittedly, I had to Google this, because I'm not a fan of Shania Twain. This sounds like a country song. I can't tell if it's good or not.Running Up That Hill (Trance Remix) -- Sounds promising, in spite of wondering whether or not people are seriously still interested in Trance. Whether they are or not is irrelevant, because this isn't Trance. It's a pretty amateur remix, if I'm being honest.Better Off Alone -- Big fan of the original Alice Deejay version, and three bars in, I'm dying to know how it's hard to replicate a decade-old sound with even a Sam's Club keyboard. My old SoundBlaster AWE32 produced better instruments than whatever's been used on this album. If you've heard this song, you know there are really only two elements that make it great: a driving beat, and a really strong presence to sing "Do you think you're better off alone?" and "Talk to me, oooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, talk to me." Neither element can be found here.Toca's Miracle -- Okay, we're ending with two early 2000's electronica anthems? Sure. Why not? As awful as Better Off Alone was, this makes up for it. Once you get over the initial "Why would anybody remake that song?", it's one of the other rare tracks that Tiffany nails. The real miracle though, is this is one of the only tracks where the music doesn't sound laughably dumb.So, why does "The Very Best Of" have only two songs of twenty two that are her songs? Well... I dunno. Maybe it's because she's put out more Greatest Hits albums since 1996 than anyone would consider reasonable. Maybe it's just capitalizing on nostalgia and kids trying to do retro, who don't know any better. In any case, I'm sure Tiffany would appreciate it if you slid a few bucks her way and bought this. So that's not a bad reason to buy this -- even if it's kind of the only reason.
I am such a fan of the old &#34;September&#34; I couldn't resist. Its mostly in Swedish which I don't understand so that takes quite a bit out of the experience. Still, I just love to hear her sing. All in all a mixed bag for me.
This is an interesting collection and there's no argument about it representing some of the iconic thirties stars, although it's kind of disconcerting to go from a vintage 1930's recording to what is obviously a later recording with a '50's style orchestration.  Don't get me wrong; they're not necessarily bad tracks, but some are not representative of the glory days of the stars, such as Ethel Merman's "You're The Top."  The version that one might expect to hear was recorded around the same time as Merman sang it on Broadway, but the version here, interesting as it is, was obviously recorded later and is full of little orchestral flourishes like cutesy xylophone runs that sort of drive the Broadway stage image out of your mind's eye and replace it with a black and white variety show playing on an old DuMont TV -- which ironically seems older and creakier than the actual thirties themselves. Still, it's an enjoyable collection...just be prepared for a careening ride through a time machine that jumps back and forth through several decades of recordings.
I'm giving this release only three stars, but that's because for some unaccountable reason, it's monaural, and this was Joe &#34;Fingers&#34; Carr's first album in stereo. Why didn't whoever put out this mp3 version do it in stereo? The sound is so much crisper in stereo. In mono it's muddy...and Joe &#34;Fingers&#34; Carr's playing was ALWAYS crisp! The arrangements are wonderful and so is his playing, as it almost always was. The songs are all 20s standards, and should be heard in their stereo original. I know this won't be withdrawn and reissued in stereo, so anyone downloading this will be cheated. What a shame &#34;Perfessor&#34; Bill Edwards was forced to remove the entire Joe &#34;Fingers&#34; Carr Capitol series from his catalogue. He did a fine job of reissuing the original recordings.
Trinidad & Tobago based band JOINTPOP have been around in one form or another since 1996, and while my knowledge about that music scene is minimal to say the least I kind of presume that they are regarded as a veteran act at their home base. They have a good handful of albums to their name by far, and have toured the UK and the US besides performing in their home base. "The Pot Dogs" is their most recent album, officially released in early 2013 from what I understand.I'll be the first to admit that Jointpop explores a part of the musical landscape  where my knowledge and interest both are limited. As an old metalhead that have developed a taste for progressive rock, the radio friendly exploits of Jointpop takes me to territories where my interests are few and specialized, and my database of associations rather narrow in scope. This write-up should probably be read with that in mind, and the concluding rating revealing more about my personal taste than quality alone I might add.The aspect of this album that strikes me most is the root rock and Americana atmosphere that runs like a red thread throughout this production. Compositions featuring an acoustic guitar base, supplemented by gentle solo guitar details country style and smooth, toned down longing organ details of a similar origin and expression. Fairly purebred in most cases too, and while pleasant enough material for those who enjoy such excursions it takes a lot for me to get intrigued by material of this particular nature.Quite a few of these compositions did give me associations towards the likes of Tom Petty as well. Whether or not that observation is correct can most likely be disputed, but I did get a feeling that his spirit kind of hovers over this production as well. Both in the aforementioned Americana oriented affairs as well as on many of the pieces exploring somewhat different territories: Combined with a ska-like touch on Super Apple, with punky vibes on Treat Me Like the Dog I Am and on the Rolling Stones colored Don't Let It Slip and Let's Pray (For Rock n Roll). And speaking of The Rolling Stones, I suspect that they would have loved being able to grab Dream Hard and add to their collection of tunes, this song sounding fairly similar to what they did before they got old and rich.All in all I'd place Jointpop in the roots rock and Americana section of the music store though, as the majority of the material at hand fits my impressions of what that kind of music sounds like. My recommendations is very much based on that too, and those who enjoy that type of music and also enjoy the likes of Tom Petty and The Rolling Stones should find "The Pot Hounds" to be an album very much to their taste.My rating: 67/100
This album is basically an EP single (if I may use an old vinyl term) with the original song in its original language (Swedish?), three club-style remixes, and a karaoke wordless version. It does NOT contain an English version. The last &#34;song&#34; is just the 12 second &#34;o-o-ao-ao&#34; refrain, with no musical accompaniment, which might be good for a ring-tone, but not much else. I actually got the album for the Nordposse Remix, which I thought was a rather imaginative reinvention of the song and works better for club and party dancing than the original. The Rye Remix is almost the same as the original song, only twice as fast, twice as long, and seems determined to induce seizures. If you really can't get enough of &#34;Carmelldansen&#34;, then you will probably love this album.
The last two tracks on this album are switched. What is labeled as Every Heart is actually Lilium from Elfen Lied and vice versa. That being said the music quality is excellent and really close to what you hear in the anime.
This is pretty cool. would make anpher purchase from Peter Sax if Iwas given an opportunity. Who knpws maybe I'll follow him. He does have talent.
The people they found to cover these songs are pretty good.  That said, it is not the originals, which can be good or bad.
Final stop on our geographic blues tour is South Carolina, yep that hot bed of the blues. Well in this case it's a Hot Mess of blues provided by a young guitar slinging lady Pam Taylor.Starting out with a solo guitar riff (that recalls `Who Knows' by Hendrix and some others) and then joined by horns aplenty we get `Smile Again'. Ms. Taylor's young gun-slinging guitarist, Kyle Phillips, voraciously attacks the six strings and wrings out any note he pleases. With the support of Ms. Taylor's dad, Mike, and rest of the band they work the track to its maximum return on investment.Title track `Hot Mess' is upbeat and funky with Dad, blowing smoke out of the business end of that sax as Pam growls her vocals about this lady who is a walking "Hot Mess" and not in the good way. Living life hard and fast, over perfumed and under satisfied there seems to be a light at the end of the tunnel but it's the train coming at her. What is the oft' repeated definition of insanity - repeatedly doing the same thing the same way and expecting a different result - well this is the portrait of the lady in this song.`Not the Only One' is a torch burner that has our heroine explaining the straight up truth to her man concerning exclusivity of relationship. Ms. Taylor's vocals feature a latent sadness yet a undercurrent of prayer contained deep within them. There is an inevitability as to the outcome, but a glimmer of hope - really, why can't we go on as three? Folks the Blues is all about misogyny, at least on it's good days, and Mr. Phillips' guitar torching at the end burns deep within the soul of the blues.Yet on the other hand (is a fist) giving us `Next Time You Think of Cheating'. Guitar driven, crispy and gritty vocals portrays what it is like to be the odd girl out. But not in the Lesley Gore, it's my party style of the past. More current and pointed she promises that he is gonna pay for his transgressions and pay in spades*. If the retribution that Ms. Taylor has in mind for her former man is anything as fierce as the  guitar work he better head where the sun don't shine. I quote "I took the house, I took the car; without no money baby you ain't going too far. I took the kids I even took your boat..." She ends up mimicking his emasculated pleas of "oh baby, I can't believe you took the boat" and continues to rip him a new one in plain sight of all who would watch this event.Overall this is a solid rookie release by an up and coming new talent in our house. She excels at the arranging aspect and her song writing shows promise. It is full of life and passion and after all ain't that what the blues is all about. She is currently a Pick to Click in SiriusXM Bluesville so others have taken notice of her talents also.* In spades: in the extreme alludes to spades as being the highest ranking suit in various card games and transfers `highest' to other extremes. A colloquial term from the 1920&#8242;s.Hot mess, hot licks and hot chicks it's all the blues y'all and it's all good over at blues411.com, see ya there.
If you're looking for John Philip Sousa performed by a full band, this isn't it.  I'm not sure what type of ensemble the Columbia River Players are, but they sound small.  Their performance is good, but they don't seem to have the numbers necessary to make Sousa sound the way it should.I recommend Greatest Military Marches - The Very Best of John Philip Sousa, performed by the United States Marine BandB002HTOX14as an alternative.
The best part of this song is that the proceeds are going to sandy hook charities.  The version itself is not the best I have ever heard.
I have not heard lyrics and a voice that has captivated me in a long time.  What a treat to wander into a stage area at a festival where this young man was singing.  This is a wise young man whose songs present the pathos of an old soul.  It won't be long before people know about him because of his genuine talent, a rare thing these days.
This is a really nice, if not spectacular, musical reboot for Tweet. Doesn't break any musical ground(hence the average 3 rating), but still a very good ode to the tradition of Soul/R&B recorded with live instrumentation. I often find myself humming the melodies of 'Way to Love' and 'Enough' even when I'm not actually listening to the EP. Props to producers and arrangers for keeping things simple but still fat and musical. I hope Tweet continues to delve into the live thing a bit deeper. Like many talented singers, I think Tweet needs to be challenged lyrically and musically in order to reach her full potential as a singer and artist. This is one of my biggest gripes about the industry, they often forsake artist development for record sales and marketing success. Let's hope Tweet can find her artistic niche and avoid becoming another R&B Diva reduced to singing hooks on hip-hop recordings.
After only two studio albums (2002's SOUTHERN HUMMINGBIRD and 2005's IT'S ME AGAIN), Tweet finally returns to the R&B; world. 2005's It's Me Again was ultimately a commercial flop, despite featuring some solid numbers in &#34;Turn Da Lights Off&#34; and &#34;Iceberg&#34; namely. Eight years later, SIMPLY TWEET: THE EP seeks to resurrect the angelic voiced singers career and possibly breathe new life into R&B;, a genre that has been hit by a devastating 'coolness' as of late. On the EP, Tweet sounds as vocally appealing as she always did, whether it be the shocking &#34;Oops (Oh My)&#34; or the more soulful &#34;Turn Da Lights Off&#34;.  The problem is, the material, despite it's soulfulness and overall ambience, still leaves more to be desired.The &#34;Intro&#34; sets the tone, inciting some excitement of the neo-soul sensibilities that Tweet is going to bring full force.  Laden with piano, thoughtful and smooth vocal harmonies, everything feels write.  A cover of Aretha Franklin's classic &#34;Daydreaming&#34; follows, and for the most part, it gets the job done. That said, the cover lacks the same distinct character of the Franklin version as well as a cover by Natalie Cole that's utterly superb. To Tweet's credit, her upper register is lovely and she achieves a welcome rasp about her vocals.  She never concedes her command or resolve.&#34;Way To Love&#34; speeds things up with its pounding kick drum and soulful stylings.  What is great about this cut is that the production is restrained and conservative, allowing for Tweet's lead and background vocals to shine.  Again, when Tweet ascends, she sounds truly beautiful and distinct. Like old-school soul, &#34;Way To Love&#34; takes its time unwinding, guided by the instruments.  Like everything else, &#34;Way To Love&#34; isn't exactly what you might describe as 'breathtaking', but vocally shows Tweet in a great place.&#34;Sorry&#34; suffers a bit from 'overindulgence'.  Soulful and capitalizing on the ambience of neo-soul and classic R&B;, &#34;Sorry&#34; feels too nebulous lacking in overall focus. The buildup and pacing is nice, but one finds themselves yearning for more definition and structure.  Closing cut and promo single &#34;Enough&#34; isn't bad, nor is it valedictory.  The overall vibe sells the cut, as does Tweet's vocal prowess. The vocal ad libs are rock solid for sure.All in all, if SIMPLY TWEET: THE EP seeks to merely reintroduce Tweet to the R&B; world, it accomplishes that task easily without dispute. If, however, it seeks to make Tweet distinct and revolutionary (or as soul's saving grace), it falls short of that ambitious goal. It's not bad, but on the other hand, it just doesn't 'wow' or take the listener to a new place either.  Keeping in mind that IT'S ME AGAIN had the same overall vibe eight years ago, this EP and its ensuing  album may find itself fighting an uphill battle.  3 stars.
I enjoy Tweet's music she has a soulful sound. Her music is definitely identifiable.  She has a unique sound. Nice sound.
I love Tweet's first album. This one I expected a little more from her than what as given. I'm still not gonna turn my back on her but it could be better.
Tweet needs producers and musicians who can help reestablish her sound yet still keep it fresh! It sounds just like her first album, which is a good thing, but I know Tweet's unique style can get her so much farther.
One time metal guitarist (with the group Kilgore/Smudge) Brian McKenzie was drawn to singer/songwriter roots music as a mental escape from tours "packed like damned sardines in a cargo van." He transitioned from electric guitar to acoustic relocated from Rhode Island to Nashville for a couple years, and honed his songwriting with the city's pros. Now returned to the Ocean State, he's cut this 7-song release. Judging by the retro country rock of the first two tracks McKenzie seems to have been listening to some classic B.J. Thomas sides, along with radio hits from one-time stars like Gallery, Lobo and the Stampeders. The productions are modern, but the melodies and harmonies sport a terrific `70s vibe. The remaining tracks are solid, hinting at Chris Isaak's romantic croon and the thoughtful style of Gordon Lightfoot. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
good but, a little formal in approach to the music. good for background mustaches and growing hair on your head
It is typical new artist music but nothing really stands out and grabs you. It is very rare that something very unique in music appears today.
But the original &#34;Tells Jokes in Maine&#34; was better, longer, funnier. This just seems to be an extension of that, more of that but with out the innovation that made &#34;Maine&#34; so fresh and funny.
This is an excellent CD to have in your arsenal of cocktail music -- the tone Ms. Holt projects is classy, practiced and very enjoyable.
A lot of the songs sounded the same. Likes her voice though and thought she did a good job singing.
Two songs skip, not to good, 3, 2, 1, 0. rated a 3 but only cuz Cher sang with mom
i just didn't like the choice of songs only liked the first song. she has a great voice though do not like old type country music
Reviewed by Cathy OakesFebruary 19, 2014This is Eric&#8217;s first adventure into solo music. His background comes from rock and alternative rock. His compositions, to this point have been for promotional clips and backgrounds for video. I spoke with Eric in a phone conversation recently. He tells me that this music was actually written for his wife and he really didn&#8217;t think about other people hearing it as he sat down to write. A few of the pieces are completely improvisational &#8211; done in one take, just sitting at his keyboard.Most of the music was written after Eric and his wife moved from Colorado to the Seattle area of Washington. He says that everything was different and new. There was no sense of familiarity in his surroundings. The music on this CD expresses his venture through the physical and emotional adjustment to his new home &#8211; both good and bad. He purposely went exploring without any idea where he would end up. He ventured out into the surrounding beauty of the Pacific Northwest and those ventures influenced and inspired his music. Through the notes and phrases, Eric expresses his &#8220;out of your comfort zone &#8211; in a peaceful way&#8221; experience.Eric writes his music for himself and for his wife. He is not bound by &#8220;traditional&#8221; form or progressions. What he expresses is uniquely his. He records on a midi keyboard and freely experiments with the sounds and moods that can be electronically created.The first track, Compass and Cards was written about a camping trip. The title comes from the two things that one never forgets when packing for a camping trip &#8211; the compass and the playing cards. Track two, Cape Flattery is a tribute to the place where Eric and his wife got engaged. Track six, Painted Daylight has an easy, jazzy feel that I found very pleasant. Track seven, Pend Orielle is written in tribute to a lake in Indiana and its French name. Tracks nine and ten were completely improvisational. Both were recorded in one take, as the emotions rolled over Eric&#8217;s keyboard.Being somewhat of a &#8220;solo piano&#8221; snob, I had a bit of difficulty relating to Eric&#8217;s music at first. However, as I continued to listen, it &#8220;grew&#8221; on me and I found myself whistling his subtle melodies as I went about my day. His style and non-traditional form pushed me &#8220;out of my comfort zone &#8211; in a peaceful way.&#8221; This was a good thing, in my opinion.I think that Eric gave a brave and valiant effort in his first journey into the solo world. I hope he continues to gift us with his talent and adventurous sounds. I give this CD 3 out of 5 stars and look forward to hearing more from Eric Smith.
Was really looking forward to hearing the old Mark Lindsay, with his great cool mellow voice. This collection sounds alot like the old Paul Revere and the Raiders.  Not very impressed!
It is a solid song that could use a little more emotional push given the heart ache potentially involved with the topic.
I'm giving this 3 stars because this artist had the courage to put her stuff out there. Vocals need work. Music is pretty straightforward.  Song comes together well, but you can tell this is an early work.
I mainly purchased the cd for the song I don't want to know.  After watching the video several times  which was very good-I knew I needed to down load all the songs. I also like Cheyenne Jackson as an actor as well.  there were a few songs I didn't care for at first but by the 3rd time of listening to them they sound great!
Nothing sadder than to say of anyones's work: It could have been better. Maybe the next time... if there is one
I bought this CD for only a couple of songs, the remainder I don't care for. but still nice music
Aubrey is an amazingly talented artist.  That being said, I am very disappointed by this album.  The songs are shallow and hyper-sexualized.  There are only one or two songs that I can listen to over and over.  I knew not to expect Danity Kane caliber songs, but, I was expecting songs similar to Automatic and maybe a ballad or two like Poetry.Also, there are really only 7 full length songs.  On her next album, I would love to hear less auto tune and more of her beautiful voice.  Looking forward to the reunion album with DK.Overall, I think she could have done better.
Just an OK mixed tape. I listen to it when I go to the gym. Really like some of the songs.
Problem with Amazon's samples. Clicking on one of the songs doesn't get you the correct preview. I can't submit this without giving a star rating and I must write more than 20 words...
I guess I expected it to much from the background music. With Katy Perry's voice it sounds very good...but the music only is bad.
Seeing as something like half of these songs were already released online -- one actually with lyrics samples (while the album version is only instrumental) -- it's sort of hard to justify paying the price for this album now that I've listened to all the songs a few times.It is good Hyper Crush, and the album has quite a few decent club bangers, but I wish there'd been a little more on here, that's all. Wish I could give it more but 3 stars seems appropriate for the modest amount of material that came with this album after the singles they released online.
After learning of the video for "The Fox", my daughter wanted a copy of the song.  This was just what shse wanted.  It is a different version from the video, but just a catchy and fun.  Warning, the song gets stuck in your mind and you may end up humming/singing it all day.Not the best song I have heard recently, but enjoyable all the same.
The love the song and bought it for my 4-year old grandson; however, it would have been much more appreciated if it had the video with the song, and could be copied to a DVD so my grandson could watch it anytime!Now he has to sit by my computer and just listen to the song; not seeing it in action!
Steve Poltz's soundtrack for Suzanne Mitchell's documentaryRunning Wild: The Life of Dayton O. Hyde, features eight new lyrical songs interspersed among seventeen short instrumentals. Poltz wrote his songs after visiting with Dayton Hyde at the Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary he'd founded in 1988. The instrumentals tend to atmospheric and contemplative, though a few longer tracks, "Happier Hour" and "El Centro," are full-band arrangements; the former is a bouncy country tune, the latter a growling rocker. Hyde's background as a cowboy, rancher, rodeo rider, photographer and author were perhaps the only possible path to his ultimate role as a savior of wild horses.  His accomplishments are extensive, often extending far beyond his personal well-being, and his gratitude is both deep and widespread.Poltz employs country, rock and blues, collaborating with director Mitchell to fine-tune his songs to the film's take on its subject's character. The only track not written by Poltz is Lily Kaminsk's "Phantom Love," a haunting, lo-fi pop ballad performed by her band She Rose, and originally released in 2012. Poltz is a prolific artist and well-traveled troubadour, having released more than a dozen solo albums, including a disc full ofanswering machine recordingsand alive CD/DVD package. But with all that under his belt, this is his first venture into soundtracks, and the flexibility of his style turns out to be well suited to both the needs of a film soundtrack and the strong character and fine shadings of this story's protagonist. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2013 Hyperbolium]
Too much reverb.Too many angelic choirs.Too enya-esque.Too many strings.While this does make for a product that kinda sticks in your eardrums--like candy would in your teeth--it is too inanely sweet to measure up to Vienna's previous more grown-up, serious efforts.
MrR's eclectic tastes and diversity are very much in evidence on his 2013 release, Always Blue. The album maintains a dusky, moody, nocturnal sort of vibe, and sometimes hints at Steely Dan. That is true whether MrR is playing R&B-tinged; funky pop-rock, or instrumental jazz-funk, or Latin-flavored grooves.MrR (MrResponsibility.com) provides the lead vocals and electric keyboards and he wrote most of the material. Among the vocal offerings MrR favors an R&B-ish; style of pop-rock on "Better Than That," "I Wanna Thank You," "Girls at the Java Caf&eacute;" and "Always Blue", and functions well as an instrumentalist on "Shag Nasty," "11:30" and an intriguing arrangement of tenor and soprano saxophonist John Coltrane's "Equinox", first recorded in 1960 when Coltrane was signed to Atlantic Records.  MrR doesn't give "Equinox" the usual acoustic post-bop treatment; instead he adds a touch of funk and in fact his interpretation of "Equinox," brings to mind some of the haunting dusky music that has come out of Ethiopia. This album certainly isn't the work of a jazz snob or someone who wants to play jazz exclusively, and MrR's ability to put a fresh spin on a 53-year-old jazz standard like "Equinox" speaks well of him.MrR's interest in Latin rhythms of the Afro-Cuban variety on "Por Paco" and "Pura Vida." makes perfect sense in light of his San Francisco Bay Area background.  The Bay Area has given us a long list of musicians who knew their way around Afro-Cuban rhythms, so it isn't surprising that he plays them convincingly.There are many different twists and turns on this release. But whatever type of music he opts to play, MrR has an enjoyable album in Always Blue.Review by Alex Henderson
Let's start with this; I have been following Fahl's career since the first release of The October Project, and I have never been left down by her vocal skill, either live or on record. Her reinterpretation of &#34;Dark Side of the Moon&#34; was nothing less than brilliant.From that perspective, however, the material on this release does her no justice.It's all pretty pedestrian, unchallenging stuff - it's nice to hear Fahl again, but it almost feels rote and uninspired. What I had hoped would be an album on constant rotation in my collection has instead ended up barely touched in her archive folder. I will continue to enjoy her live appearances, and look forward to her next release - should one come. If it does, I hope that the material will live up to her abilities as an excellent and unique voice.
a great voice but not a great recording. the recording really does her voice an injustice. A real let down.
I love Tim, I am just not a fan of instrumental only music. I listened to it & it is still good music. I love classical & this reminds me of that, but it misses something & that something is his beautiful voice.
its been a long time since Andre Cymone released a album and the guy has been always a important talent, though his solo career can never truly quite match what he did for Prince, Jody Watley,etc..  and when I think of Andre Cymone i often think of Jermaine Jackson in that being that talented and living in the shadow of somebody you either were blood related to or grew up with and while your talent is their, the material or the impact doesn't quite match toward that other. Andre Cymone is to Prince as Jermaine Jackson was to Michael Jackson and the talent was always their, however the material could be hit and miss. upon hearing about this project i was expecting Andre to do his take on Lenny Kravitz style power rock and Andre showcased a wide range here. much like how Jesse johnson  did on his rock based album back in 96.  Andre Cymone came back nicely on this set. his playing has always been on point and production and arrangements are solid.  RIP to his Mother whom was a strong fabric to his being and he despite all stays level headed and has a pretty good record here. however i ain't gonna lie, if he was to drop a game changing Bumping cut for the whip right now, he could be scary right about now, because the man has shown in the past he got the goods in him. this is a welcome return and he is showcasing his roots and foundation here.
Haven't listened to it enough times to fully rate, but it hasn't grabbed me as Emerson's earlier works have.  Still hopeful that it will.
I missed the fact that this was a single, although its two tracks, I love it but feel ripped off.  Lesson learned.
Still grateful for all these reinterpretations of Jason Molina's work.  As someone who has collected all the recordings and spent a lot of time with headphones on, I've always felt the strongest part of every Songs:Ohia/Jason Molina/Magnolia Electric Co. project has been the hard to express weight behind the music and lyrics.  The impact was always in the spaces, the reverb, Jason's trembling voice.  As the band came to the fore more after Magnolia Electric Co., that room for feeling was still preserved.So my minor complaints with this presentation come from the performances that rob the original material of what makes it sacred to me.  The first version of &#34;Lioness&#34; on here... just, no.  It's lazy, bad, loud, and dumb.  It's offensive to the source material.  No no no.  I initially felt the same way about MMJ's &#34;Farewell Transmission,&#34; but it's grown on me slightly.  Still seems like a missed opportunity for something even more epic, but it's OK.  &#34;Get Out Get Out Get Out&#34; takes something heavy and dark and makes it sterile.My other complaint has to do with track listing.  This is basically &#34;Magnolia Electric Co./What Comes After the Blues&#34; with a few other highlights.  &#34;Long Desert Train,&#34; &#34;Coxcomb Red,&#34; &#34;Cabwaylingo,&#34; anything from Josephine... in the end, though, this is fitting in as much as it celebrates someone whose music has travelled with me for the last 15 years and who I still can't believe is gone.  Thank you to everyone involved in remembering and celebrating Jason Molina.  I used to think I had what it takes...
I loved seeing Nickel Creek in concert again this year! I like about half of this album. None of the songs grab me like the old days, but I have a few of them on rotation still.
I was very excited to hear Nickel Creek on Prairie Home Companion today and I immediately bought the album on AmazonMP3.  Apparently they are making music again... Expectations are high after they introduced certain bluegrass sounds to millions in the early 2000s.  I should add I am a big Nickel Creek fan.With respect to the instrumental talents of Chris Thile and Sean Watkins, neither of their voices are as unique as Sara's.  They are very good, but I've heard dozens of vocalists who sound just like each.  Sara Watkins on the other hand has one of the purest voices in the industry.  Hearing her sing melts my heart.  She is a rare singing talent.  Unfortunately, you will hear her voice featured on only two tracks on this album (tracks titled Destination and Where is Love Now).  I enjoy hearing her play fiddle, but she isn't a rare fiddle talent, she is a uniquely gifted vocalist and her voice deserves the spotlight (her fiddle playing is icing on the cake).  At least half of the songs on this album should feature Sara Watkins' voice.  It's clear Sara's voice is an afterthought on this album and that is a shame and a wasted opportunity.THE BAD. I highly recommend you do not listen to the following tracks for the reasons indicated:Christmas Eve (Track #4): this is one of the most awkward songs I have heard in quite a while.  The male lead vocalist when singing solo sounds immature, unrefined, whiny, is without vibrato, and it makes me cringe.  Thank goodness his voice is drowned out by the others in the refrain.  Now to the music.  The constant minor key changes and dissonant harmony entirely undermines the message of the song. It sounds like drunken karaoke when they all sing &#34;it's not over yet&#34; at the end of the song.  I feel pain from the frequent awkward key changes and the male lead vocals, not because love is being rejected.Hayloft (Track #5): We are all thinking it, but I'll say it, wtf is this track? Poppy, beat boxy, and Arab-sounding counter harmony violins.  Good heavens, there is no redeeming value to this track and this disaster sets this album back significantly.  If you need a good beat on your radio I encourage you to look elsewhere.  If I could delete this track from my Amazon Cloud account I would. Again with the dissonant key changes that are awkard and do not work.  This track is a wart on an otherwise good album (Tracks  #4 and #9 excluded of course).You Don't Know What's Going On (Track #9): How embarassing, they are accidentally playing in different keys... oh wait, they aren't doing that on purpose are they? Oh nooo!!! Again with the dissonance and over-abundant key changes (literally several within seconds of each other). These awkward key changes do not resolve into the tonic you're anticipating.  This song ends as awkwardly as the refrain.  The final lyric is &#34;you don't know what's going on,&#34; and they are right, I don't. Thank God the next track is &#34;Where is Love Now,&#34; which is a delight.THE GOOD:Destination (Track #2): Upbeat and catchy. You aren't human if you can sit still while listening to this song. Sara's voice shows off its distinctiveness and stacking hers on the vocal harmonies is very pleasing.  I wish we could hear more of this on this album. Sarah floats her lyrics above the catchy instrumentals.  I guess I have to say it since it isn't always the case anymore-- the harmonies are complementary and pleasing and the song does not oscillate in an out of different minor keys.  This is a fun song and Sara sounds terrific!Elsie (Track #3): vintage Nickel Creek instrumental. Why so short?Love of Mine (Track #7): this track has everything going for it. The mandolin, guitar, and fiddle combine ideally and each instrument reveals its strong suits.  You know this complaint is coming, where is Sara's voice? Her voice would have stacked nicely in the lush harmonies. After's Sara's two tracks (#2 and #10), this is my next favorite track on this album.Where is Love Now (Track #10): this track could have been on their self-titled album; it's that good. The pain of the lyrics is felt in Sara's voice.  Hearing them sing &#34;where is love now&#34; during the refrain on this track is one of the nicest moments of this album.  An honest track where the melody, instrumentals, and vocals complement one another and you can feel it in your heart.
Good music.
Open Review: Ben Fields Extraordinary Light[...]Ten times pluto size adulation for Uncommon Light.Not so much sole personality associated "Matilda" perfumed Fields.Relatable globe season spring Stress grin.Sung aint "Everything" how frown cure minglin' kid magnificence Ben.In excess of three takes listened not four however.Jass soyin' fields growthling.3.5/5 rating
I mainly purchased this compilation for the live Hozier tracks but fell in love with a few groups I'd never heard before. I don't know anything about the band Silences but their track &#34;All These Crimes&#34; is amazing. I could listen to it all day long. I really enjoyed Agnes Obel, Mogwai, Public Broadcast Service, Polia, Little Matador and a handful of others. At forty songs and well over two hours long it is a bit of a grind to get through but well worth it to find the hidden gems that await.
When I saw Marti Jones perform last January, she mentioned she was having a Bossa Nova record coming out in 2014. She played one potential selection, &#34;Keep it to Yourself&#34; and it was nice. But any new music from her is welcome.That said, I want to love this record. But we don't always get what we want.The thing with Bossa Nova is, you really have to want it. Brazilian in nature, it makes for great background music or for one or three incredible songs, but rarely does one listen to the genre for a total of 42 minutes in a row.'You're Not the Bossa Me' attempts the style - which works and doesn't. The songs have the percussion down. Ditto with the horns. The guitars are ok, but not quite authentic, though I don't think they're supposed to be.It is the vocals with which I have one of my bigger issues. Jones has a great alto. But later Bossa Nova trends (which this disk is emulating) are known for the softer and more subtle vocal palate. Jones meets that requirement, but in turn minimizes and marginalizes her own talents. It really works on a few songs, but then it just falls flat  - literally. While I think it's the written music (and not her actual vocals), some of the words land on a flat note.Kelley Ryan apparently / allegedly co-produced with Don Dixon (there was no digital booklet to see the writing / producing / playing credits - which irks me) and her style seems to dominate. Ryan is fine in limited doses, but you hear her in the music (which no doubt she wrote or co-wrote) and the vocals, which far too often.Again, there are a few decent songs, but I won't go as far as to say they're outstanding.I think the biggest issue I have with the disk is that what I normally get out of Jones' music is the ability to try to connect, sing along and usually achieve some emotional resonance. I get none of that here. It's light-weight, which is fine for a song or two, but ultimately, they all run together and it's hard to distinguish one song from another.And that's a shame. 'Bossa Me' is Jones' first solo disk since 2002 (and only her seventh since 1985), so prolific she is not. I'd like to hear what she'll do on her next disk, but that could be a decade away.The disk gets 3 stars, riding mostly on Jones' talent. A lesser artist with the same music would have gotten fewer stars.