If you like Jellyfish and Squeeze, don't pass this one up !Solid songs, good hooks and harmonies.Still waiting for their next cd.
The Jungle Lords are a great local band where I'm from.  This is a highly recommended album.  Quirky and fun.  Nothing they've done sense has topped it.  A lot of albums I own don't top this.
I was simply shopping around for underground hip hop and jazz and found this album.  Great when driving or on a plane! Who is FBF Productionz?  Nice album
It starts to get on your nerves if you are just sitting and listening.  you really have to be doing something and have it playing in the background.
The Circus Calyope sound tracks bring back old memories of the good old days when I attended big top Circus acts held in a tent in the 1940s.
Sadie Mae of St. LouisThis is a well-recorded collection of tunes from this famous old carousel band organ, well worth the price of admission.  I was somewhat disappointed that there were a number of digital glitches (skips or bad edits?).  The occasional digital editing designed give the effect of one melody fading into the next in some of the medleys I found a little intrusive, or at least unrealistic.  All in all, however the music is delightful and joyful, the instrument obviously well-maintained and well-tuned; the sound quite present and realistic, with an absence of any distortion or overloading sometimes found in recordings of band organ.  Go ahead and enjoy it!
got this for dad, he it wanted for his houseboat, and also used it for the carosel at the park for the theme music. great tunes for nostalgic events. thanks
Dim Dim is probably the only cartoonist from Belgium making happy melodic audio adventures. For similar artists listen to Plone or Tipsy. Songs vary from chill and mellow to super bouncy but they are all boingy. Some tracks contain vocals, possibly from elves, maybe gnomes. Two tracks that give me the most goosebumps are Caramba with its sensitive strings and Here and Now for that lovely guitar rhythm.
I never heard this guy before today and liked it so much I purchased his best of cd. I may purchase some more of his music later closer to the holidays.
Why cant I find this album anywhere? I listened to a few of his songs a few years back and liked it, but now I cant find it anywhere and his website is just black.
I'm really, really fond of the first disc, Latex Empire's "Waveland".  It's repetitive, loopy, acidy goodness.  Think the rave scene from "Blade".  Not particularly innovative or anything, but highly listenable.  Despite the compilation tag, this is not really trance.  (Not that there's anything wrong with that.)The second is Holophonia's "Psych-O-Range", which is not at all bad.  It's much more trance-influened, and also quite listenable.  It doesn't go the path of epic trance, sticking to a more (per the album name) psychedelic side, with its dark, industrial/EBM touches.The last disc is Future Trance Trax, a Hypnotic compilation.  It's got its moments (Giez's "I'm a Hero"), but I haven't listened to it in a few years, whereas the other two I still do.It was a pleasant surprise to see this available for MP3 download here.  I hope this helps you decide if this is something you want.
Mason Proffit's most recent release, but that's still 8 or 9 years ago.  About half the tracks are reworks of earlier MP songs; the other half are new material, at least to me.The musicianship is fantastic, but we expect that.  Terry Talbot's voice hasn't lost a note, which is simply amazing after 40 years in the music business.  The reworked material is well-done.  It's nice to hear slightly different guitar licks, and Talbot tweaks a few words here and there, sometimes to modernize the lyrics (see &#34;Lilly&#34;), but mostly to slip in a bit of evangelizing.This shouldn't be surprising, if you've followed the Talbots' musical and spiritual journeys after the break-up of Mason Proffit back in the 70's. Yet it does weaken this album a bit and makes you wonder who the target audience is.  His born-again fans may find Still Hangin' entirely too secular, and his Mason Proffit fans might resent the proselytizing, sporadic though it may be.  OTOH, the most blatant 'gospel' song here is &#34;Better Find Jesus&#34;, and that's an old MP song.If you can overlook Talbot's occasional preachiness, and it really isn't overbearing, you will find this an excellent album.
It was exactly what was advertised. If you remember and/or like Lou Christie then this does the job. Remastered for good sound.
This is one of the best New Age guitar albums available. Don't be put-off by the fact that it was created for Depek Chopra. It it not what you would expect to hear. While the song titles are associated with &#34;Eastern&#34; beliefs, in regard to body health, the music is decidedly &#34;Western&#34;. Morning is a little upbeat, but relaxingly so. Evening suggests &#34;a winding down&#34; of the day's activities. The flavor of the two discs is different and there is a hint of &#34;Eastern&#34; style, in the Evening, that gradually swings back to the West as the program progresses. Each disc contains just under an hour's worth of music. This album is a &#34;must have&#34; for all who enjoy the Relaxation, Meditation, Zen styles of music.
I really enjoy this album. To be honest, it's nothing too special, but the sound appeals to me.  I like to listen to it when I'm doing homework and need to have something going on in the background. They remind me most of Butcher Boy, but calmer, and with fewer instruments.  The cellist plays mainly on the very low notes, which is awesome.
Okay.  We need to figure out what the heck "chill" means.  "Chill," to me, has a positive connotation.  A light-scented, hazy-candle glow to it.  I'm not saying "chill" can't be dark, but this album is downright wicked.Don't get me wrong.  I liked it.  This music just doesn't feel passive, which is usually a staple for albums that incorporate the word "chill" into their titles.  Instead, these songs sound like the kinds of things that would be playing on movies as the background to some seriously dirty stuff: drugs, adultery, and other forms of socially unacceptable sex.Don't get me wrong.  I have been known to enjoy socially unacceptable sex.  ("Top 5" and "Wash" are two tracks especially suited for that.)  The only real problem with the album is its niggling inconsistencies.  It starts out heavy on the doom and gloom (the first three tracks have to be some of the darkest ambient music I've ever heard), but then it just turns weird.  "Hey Rainman" sounds like it may or may not be a joke.  "Monkey In The Black Sky" would be captivating if it weren't ten minutes long.  "Lisse Gruv" would be a great addition to a light jazz album, but here it feels like a ballarina among mobsters.  The final five tracks are my favorite block of the album, a coherent collection of deeply unsettling grooviness.This CD is great if you're making your own compilation of dark or chillout tunes.  As is, it's a mixed bag.
It is pretty great having Ghibli music to listen to all the time with such a unique feel! I love it!Nothing replaces the original obviously but it's still great quality, very relaxing and utterly enjoyable. :)
The material is great, I like to ear the expression of the artist materialized and delivered. Great job.Any new music soon ???
This one is on my wishlist, I love all of them, they bring back memories.I suppose it's a sentimental thing, but the older we get, the more we love the old songs. And they did have pep, AND those singers could sing!
I used to be known for my dancing skills back in the day (nothing formal, just good street/party curcuit).  Recently I was over at a buddys house where he was having a casual get-together with some friends.  There was some groovy jazz playing in the background and although everyone was being cordial, most of the groups were in their own clique (guys talking football and finances, women talking, well, women stuff). My buddy came over and said, "We've got to step up the tempo and get this place rockin so that we can get some of these ladies out on the dance floor".Long-story-short - I had just added "Take Me back by the Rondo Brothers" to the microSD card on my PDA for a good workout song... We did a quick patch into his sound system and queued it up....Needless to say this tune changed the 'flava' of the function from a 'wine-&-cheese-social-event' to a slamin/jammin throw down ...and from that point on there was no problem intermingling with the beautiful ladies....Thank you Rondo Brothers - Job well done!
The first time I heard this CD, it reminded me a bit of older Clan Of Xymox. This CD has good song writing, good vocals, and a dark feel without being too dark.
Thanks Brian for the heads-up on the wrong song list. I have listed what appears to be the correct list below. The sound quality is about what is to be expected from this era. All-in-all it is a great  group of songs and you can't beat it as the mp3 deal of the day at $1.99. I recommend it if you enjoy this kind of music.You should be able to change the song titles in iTunes. I also preferred the album art with the CD format (here at Amazon) of this collection so you can change that too if you want it instead of this red version.1. Nondrastic ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra2. Let Me Love You Tonight ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra3. It Feels So Good ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra4. Tico Tico ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra5. I'm In The Mood For Love ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra6. Midriff ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra7. Sweet Georgia Brown ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra8. TD In A Tee Pee ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra9. I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra10. Serenade To A Pair Of Nylons ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra11. Buster's Gang Comes On ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra12. Embraceable You ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra13. Blue Skies ~ Tommy Dorsey & His Orchestra14. Hawaiian War Chant ~ Tommy Dorsey & His OrchestraThanks to Amazon for the mp3 deals of the day!
This is NOT the composer of the gospel song, "Precious Lord, Take My Hand". This is big-band jazz, and it's wonderful! It was the "pop" music 60-80 years ago, so it does become a bit repetitive and gives an idea of being commercial (that's because it was). But it's a great listen for jazz lovers.And thanks for the corrected song list.
Great album, but the MP3 version is not 256 kbps as advertised. It's 192 kbps (VBR). Given the age of the recording this likely doesn't make much difference, but Amazon needs to be more accurate with their MP3 listings.
What more do you need than a combination of 2 of music's greatest?I thought there wasn't much that could be better than Tony belting out his songs with his trademark smooth voice. Then I see COUNT BASIE also on this CD. Seriously?  A Jazz god? THE Count himself? Yes. This cd is good. Perfect for those evenings or moments in your car when you want a classic throwback... one that puts you in a immediate state o relaxation, but gets your heart and feet moving to the rhythm.4 out of 5 because this sounds like it should have been remastered.
Love Crystal Method and I  heard one song of AJ on Pandora and bought the whole cd.  Great for working out!
Outstlanding music love sound quality  and what can you say about Bruce Dickson and the greatest band in the world'!! can't wait till they come back to big Dallas Tx.
When this album came out back in 1966, I was sixth months old and I don't remember it making much of an impression on me.  I must admit that I wasn't very open minded back then and I was a bit fixated on things like playing pattycake, keeping my pacifier in my mouth and playing with my father's car keys.  But through the years, the album has grown on me and I am quite fond of it now.The Challengers never broke out nationally like The Ventures but they were superstars in southern California.  There first album, "Surfbeat",  is still one of the best selling surf instrumental albums of all time and they even hosted their own local television show."California Kicks" has some great instrumental rock n roll tunes including, "Balboa", "One Track Mind" and "North Shore" and includes some cool covers of "Louie, Louie", The Raiders' "Kicks" and "Shakin' All Over".  It also has one of the grooviest album covers of the mid-sixties.  Everytime I look at the smiling young people in their pre-hippie mod clothes, standing in front of the painted sunset under the banner, "California Kicks", I am ready to hop the first plane to So-Cal.  The only problem; the young people are probably grandparents now and The Challengers television show was cancelled a long long time ago.
Nancy even does folk and does it well with her version of Cruel War. Put your head on my shoulder, Tonight You Belong to Me, Just Think About The Good times and June, July, and August are beautiful stand outs. This is a must own collection!
Good but not the original. Still sounds great thoughOn the hunt for original. I am surprised I am not able to find it.
For a band with such a solid history - seventeen years together and eight albums (including two live releases) - it's surprising that this South Carolina group has yet to break out on a national label. Perhaps there are a lot of undiscovered combos like this, plying their trade in local clubs and on regional tours, but rarely do they issue recordings of such quality and polish. The band cooks with Southern rock energy, but edges their work with country and bluegrass touches - mandolin here, homey lyrics there - that elevate this well beyond the typical bar band.The roots rock foundation - think Mellencamp (whose one-time producer Don Gehman helped shape this) and Springsteen with the Southern edge of Lynyrd Skynyrd or The Outlaws. Vocalist Bobby Houck has the sort of raspy power that fits mid-tempo ballads like &quot;Janie and Me&quot; to a tee, and the band's guitar-bass-drums backings are nicely augmented with tight harmonies and mandolin flourishes. It's the sound of a solid rock band taking on some of the country sounds of Nashville - an ever more successful direction than the typical Nashville country band's crossover into pop and rock.This album should just as easily please the No Depression crowd as it does MOR radio stations that play Hootie &amp; The Blowfish or John Mellencamp. Perhaps it's too upbeat for the former, and too twangy for the latter, which would be a shame, because it's incredibly tuneful, it rocks, and it has a down home heart and soul. For anyone unfamiliar with the band, this is sure to be one of 2004's unexpected surprises.
This song is by Sara Westbrook, written for her mother, who was diagnosed with Alzheimers, so it has great heart!  She has a very tender, beautiful voice, wish it was sung by someone older though.
Track 1 is a great song for working out, running, anything where you need some up beat music to get you going.
Preview the clips and that will tell you all you need to know. Great background piratey theme music for a haunted cavern or something. One track sounds quite a bit like the water level at Wizard's Quest in the Wisconsin Dells, so I wonder if they use it there.
I just love it.Don't ask why. I love the music, the words the voice.Is it the best disc of Liana? No.It it a tremendus disc? Also, no.I'm I in love with the music? For some reason, YES.Carlos Manuel Fernandes
I completely disagree with the previous review. This was released in 1972-and countless big name 60's acts were not successful at all during the early 70s. Times changed, and newer things were out. Mamas and Papas is one big act whose 70s album was not successful. The Byrds also. The Beatles were no more and perhaps that was the biggest change in music. When the Beatles went, they took 60s pop with em. So enter Nancy-she had previously worked with Lee prior to this album titled Nancy & Lee again and to not much success. Nancy was now in her 30s, a wife and a mother, so she hardly felt like a girl anymore-she was a full blown woman.1. Kind of a Woman-A sexier version of Just Bein Plain Old Me. Good rhythm, fun upbeat. 9/102. We Can Make It-Beautiful ballad, the words ring true and comes off as very sincere. 8/103. One More Time-Upbeat, counntry rock song. 7/104. Fell in Love With a Poet-Beautiful light rock song. Nancy sounds great. 9/105. Flowers-The 60s may have been over but flowers were still a big theme for Sinatra as they had always been in her catalog. Starts off slow then gradually builds up to a song you didn't quite expect. 9/106. I Call It Love-I repeat this song. Nancy softens her voice and sounds like her old sweet sexy self in a song that feels comfortably modern. One of the best. 9/107. THERE'S A PARTY GOIN' ON-Upbeat and Sinatra sounds like her 60s self in this song which is light fare. 8/108. I USED TO THINK IT WAS EASY-Rings true, light rock. 8/109. THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WHOLE U.S.A.-Nancy's sequel to her 68 hit Happy is not as good but still enjoyable because she sounds so good. 8/1010. IT'S THE LOVE (THAT KEEPS IT ALL TOGETHER)-A great way to end an excellent album which I feel is on par with her 60s work. 9/10
I was introduced to Friends of Dean Martinez while watching the excellent documentary Plagues and Pleasures on the Salton Sea.  FODM provided the score for the movie and it instantly caught my ear. The music can be described as western desert post apocalyptic surf lounge punk instrumental.  Instead of vocals, a lap steel guitar provides a unique sound that mixes well with the rest of the band.  I will admit that this type of music will not appeal to every listener, but this disc features tracks from several of their releases and is a good place to start.  I bought the digital version and thus missed out on the bonus disc featuring a live concert.
Came across one song off this on a Pandora station.  What a great find!  This comes off like the real deal.  One guitar, one bass drum, one harmonica, and the soulful, weathered voice of southern blues.  Not a ton of variety and I would love a bit more solo ripping but I can't really complain.  This is not about the show.  Its about the blues.Buy it white people!!!  :)
Out of the ashes of Dragonheart comes the phoenix of London's Dragonforce. This debut CD is actually better than I thought it would be (having seen them in 2000 opening for Stratovarius in London... I knew there was something special about them though) delivering a fresh ensemble of power metal with a kind of speed metal influence. The deuling guitarists Herman Li and Sam Totman provide some awesome shred at times and the arrangements are sound, with Li providing some absolutely breathtaking solos! Vocalist ZP Thearst reminds me of a cross between perhaps Bobby Blitz of Overkill and Micheal Kiske of Helloween, his style definitely fits their brand of metal! Highlights include: &quot;Valley of the Damned&quot; (excellent title track), &quot;Black Winter Night&quot; (awesome tune with killer guitars, the best!), &quot;Starfire&quot; (great 80s sounding ballad), &quot;Disciples of Babylon&quot; (some proggy elements here), &quot;Revelations&quot; and &quot;Evening Star&quot;. The music is somewhat of a mix between the old school power influence of Maiden/Helloween and the speed metal sound of Infernal Majesty/Overkill. This is a breath of fresh air after some monumental disappointments from some of the so-called heavy hitters of the genre. Get this and feel the fire power of the night warriors!
I was quite surprised by the songs on this album considering that I bought it along with Ultra Beatdown.  It is certainly not as diverse as their three other albums ahead, but it has a nice level of originality that can only be found on this album.  Dragonforce put together a good one for their first release.  If you like Dragonforce and want the whole collection, you won't be wasting money on this gem.
This is the first album from my favorite band.  This is the remastered version, which helps it sound better.  Obviously early stuff, not as good, IMO, as Inhuman Rampage, but still excellent songs.  Very energizing music!
I know pretty few about them. They are English, that is all I can tell you. This album is actually pretty cool. Valley of the damned is their best song, it really rocks. Tha other songs are still good and some great, that really up to you to decide. It still cannot be compared to Rhapsody, Sonata Arctica or Stratovarius just to name some Symphonic power metal. But if you like these last, you will like Dragonforce.
My friend just gave me this CD and its just great.  Simply, its flat-out fun--energetic and extremely fast power metal.  I do have to admit that the majority of the songs on this album do at least sound similar.  But I do not believe that every song is the same.  Though there are definitely trends going on throughout the album, Dragonforce puts more variety in this album than do 90% of most contemporary heavy-metal bands.  For instance, on the song Disciples of Babylon, one of my personal favorites, there is a very melodic acoustic section with a piano solo in it.  I want to mention that these guys have huge amounts of talent.  The two guitarists are extraordinarily precise, virtuosos in their own right, and make for an excellent combo.  They can shred as fast as some of the shredding greats and nearly live up to their influences, Adrian Smith and Dave Murray of Iron Maiden.  The drumming is superb and the drummer has much more potential than a normal heavy-metal drummer.  The bass, though it doesn't stand out as much, definitely is talented and does a good job at keeping the songs up at the pace they are going at.  The vocalist is actually pretty talented, making these songs as fun as they are.  And the keyboardist, who I heard is more prominent on later albums, is also a talent as well.  The highlights on this album include the title track, Disciples of Babylon, Revelations, and Evening Star, but there isn't really a weak track on this album.  It's not perfect, more like 4.5 stars, but definitely reccomended.
I would have to agree with what i have read.Dragonforce is a great band off to a great start.The singer is good but the sound of the band overpowers him.The drumming is ok the bass player rules and the guitars are some of the best iv ever heard.The solos are nuts and really,really fast,some of the solos are long to,which i really like.I think this band would be better if they used more keyboards and some crazy intros.Some of there intros are super fast like there playing in the middle of a song.If you really enjoy a band that has a lot of talent speedy riffs and crazy solos some of which are on the level of malmsteen's talent, then i would check out dragonforce.
Power metal is a genre that favors the bold and the fast, and this debut effort from Liverpool's finest established a new mark for fluent, technical metal that still delivers the heroic lyrics.  Definitely music to ride into battle to, with clean vocals you don't need the liner notes to decipher (yeah, I'm a wuss like that sometimes).  An entirely worthy beginning to the Dragonforce phenomenon, and a damn fine album in its own right.
DragonForce's 2003 release Valley of the Damned is an album for music fans who just cannot relate to the primordial screams and inhuman growls that characterize modern metal. Purists, have no fear. There are still relentless double bass drum riffs, pounding basslines, and an unstoppable wall of guitars. However, the six-piece DragonForce is fronted by the sweet, melodic voice of ZP Theart, who sings anthems of positivism and overcoming obstacles. In the midst of dueling guitars and unfathomably fast drumming is his voice of hope, and some melodious keyboard playing as well. The album, though only nine tracks, is over fifty minutes long - a testament to the anthemic nature of the music. The album starts abruptly, fast and furious for a good twenty minutes. Just as Theart's voice cuts through the rest of the noise, one song stands out as different from the others. The album's fifth track, Starfire, is a power ballad more suited to an 80's rock and roll band than to a post-Y2K power metal act. The rest of the album picks up where the fourth track left off, and does not slow down. The sheer speed of the music is overwhelming. As far as production goes, this album is clearly the band's debut. The instrumentals can be a little muddy at times, and the vocals sound much cleaner in the band's more recent work. However, the sheer talent and intensity of the band definitely shine through. If you enjoy this album, check out their newer albums, Sonic Firestorm and Inhuman Rampage for more!
Being a bit of a "music snob", in that I am a student of music (vocal performance, composition, jazz), and a voice teacher, take my review with a grain of salt if you like.First of all, the vocals... quite amazingly good, actually. Not the "screamer" metal that I've heard all too often, but a nice, open, supported sound. The harmonies are lovely (am I allowed to use such a "sissy" word when reviewing metal?).The instrumentalists certainly have a unique way of presenting their craft. It is true skill that allows the guitars to "shred" (see, I know the lingo!) like they do on this album.Already discussed to the point of nausea is the fact that the lyrics are ridiculously silly. But after Bob Dylan, not much is left to be written. Plus, I sing opera... quite possibly the cheesiest lyrics on the planet. The difference is, when you sing in Italian, it all sounds good!So, I got this in order to expand my musical understanding (something I do quite a bit), and because it was $2.99 for the day (I'm adventurous, but cheap). I'm not disappointed, and am interested in relaying this to my brothers' kids who are interested in guitar & other types of music.
I fell in love with Dragonforce about a year ago while poking around on MP3.com.  I so wanted to get this album, but I could not find it in stores.  I finally found it a few days ago.  Was it worth the wait?  Yes, although I was let down in some respects, after hearing a lot of their inital demo CD.Invocation of Apocolyptic Evil- throwaway track, no ratingValley of the Damned-  The original was a classic.  This version however, was a tad overworked.  It doesn't sound as polished as the original one. Still a decent trackBlack Fire- This song hits you with speed and melody, and does not let up.  A new (and great) song, not on the demoBlack Winter Night- Best track on the album.  The demo version was kinda tame.  This version adds in an incredible blasting keyboard section that almost literally knocked me off of my feet the first time I head it.  Not to mention the speed is increased a lot from the demo.Starfire- A great balad on the demo, also a victim of overmixing.  For a first time listener, it's a wonderful ballad.  For someone who knows the original, it's a bit of a letdown.Disciples of Babylon- Very progressive sounding track, nice interlude, still keeps the speed and melody in tact.Revelations- Probably the most forgettable track, sounds a lot like the title track, and once again, they overmixed the original version. Still, first time listeners will like it alot.Evening Star- Haven't heard the original, but this track is great.  The intro tricks you into thinking you're listening to another ballad.  WRONG!!!! More speed, melody, and a subtle keyboard section work very well togetherHeart of a Dragon- Great track to end the album with, memorize the refrain if you ever plan to go to a Dragonforce concert, as it screams sing along.  More speed, melody, but with uber cheesy lyrics.  A fun closing track.In summary:If this is the first time you have heard Dragonforce, you will be impressed by the jawdropping speed they play at, while still managing to add in extremely catchy tunes.  For those who have listened to the demo too many times to count, there will be some dissapointements, but also some welcomed, kick-butt additions. Had some of the tracks not been overmixed, this would be a classic album.  As it stands though, it's a great album that has left many fans waiting with baited breath for Sonic Firestorm.
These guys are fast as Hell!  Ya gotta love the speedy guitars and pounding drums!  Head banging and fist pumping metal if I ever heard it!  Probably my 2nd favorite band right now, just behind Sonata Arctica....Why not 5 stars then?....Well, the singer is very good, but not quite great - not enough variation....and every song is a bit similar, though all are very good....and the lyrics - all typical dungeons & dragons type lyrics....Hopefully these guys continue & grow like I think they can....Just add a little more variety in lyrics, vocals, and music and they have potential to be the best out there....I defintely suggest this one to any true metal head!
Considering im an impatient person when it comes to ordering things the cd came in a timely fashion , cd was not damaged  neither was the dvd only reason i give this a 4 instead of 5 star is because the case had a small but noticeble cracko well it add character i geuss lol
Very good Christian pop/rock album by a Swedish band.  Lots of keyboards.  Sort of a europop sound.  Catchy melodies.  Variously reminds me of David Meece, Steven Curtis Chapman, Rebecca St. James, Scott Krippayne.
AJ Croce is a very talented musician and songwriter.  This album proves he has what it takes to make it!  He is very much like his father Jim in the way he writes and performs, but is a very fine musician in his own right.  Worth a listen!
Here is an opportunity to hear Nancy from her pre-boots days. Included are songs released as 45 rpms A & B sides.Many if not all of these recordings are now collectibles.Best from Volume One are:Not Just Your FriendYou Can Have Any BoyLike I DoI See The MoonOne WayPersonality sounds like it was part of the boots era...Both the English & non-English versions of Think Of Me [Pensa Me] are included...Two of Nancy's best early songs: To Know Him Is To Love Him and True Love were NOT included in either volume of Bubble Gum Girl. Also: her first recording of 10/11/61 'Sugar Time' was left out of the package...Notes on Volume Two:I'm Walkin' sounds like the 'boots' era...It's Spring sounds like her 1968-1969...could've been on her 'Nancy' LPPut Your Head On My Shoulder [one of her best]June, July and August [nice]This Love Of Mine [one of her dad's]--written by a Sinatra [which?]There Goes The Bride/Ecco Esspossa [English & non-English versions]Just Think About The Good Times [A 'happy' break up song]Cruel War [A sad...old folk song]Where Do The Lonely Go [another sad one]Geronimo-- [from a pre-boots movie she appeared]All things considered, the Bubble Gum Girl discs are a must have for music collectors...I wonder if there will be a Volume Three...Why wasn't she a teen idol back then...???
...is such fun. Nancy sounds sweet and its a wonderful collection to own. Sort of like being able to go back to that period of the 60s when all songs sounded like this-no time machine required.
I love how an album is sung by 10 different girls all about being a teen girl and the things they have to go through with it. Talks about boys, selling out, and looking up to people. How much their influenced by someone or something that happens to them. I really like it. My favorite song is Sellout. The songs really reminds me of the The Blow (Indie Singer/Songwriter)
I am the bassist on this recording, and proud of my work. If you buy it,  understand that the performers don't get a cent of it. Nor do they for any military band CD you purchase. A third party is doing this, and charging full price for a product that has little labor cost(sometimes they re master). BTW, the original recording is all on one CD.  You are getting ripped off if it is cut into two volumes.Your public or university library can get this for free from our public affairs office.WBH
on first listen the songs sounded kind of generic to me , but repeat listenings brought me around to really digging this recordingnothing fancy here but is good classic sounding surf guitar  -  many of the songs quote parts of old classic tunes by the surfaris for example -  i give it four stars
Not as good as their first effort, the Hot Boxing, but a worthy effort from a band I thought had disappeared and was happy to find they had not.  If you were a fan of Hot Boxing, or if you feel you need an injection of 90's era fuzzy guitar power pop, pick this album up you won't be disappointed.
There are many Jewish styles implemented in this album.  At times things a joyful, sad, and even laughable.  This is music one can work in peace and glide through time.
Great Voice ... Great Delivery ... Great MusicMakes for a relaxing restfull listen.  Find it excellent to play through my clock radio at bedtime.
The third volume of Castle Music's British Invasion anthology is now available domestically for digital download. Originally released in 2002, the 56-track collection digs into the Pye Records vault for sides released amid the British Invasion in 1964. The name act most familiar to U.S. listeners is the Searchers (represented here by the lovely "Don't Throw Your Love Away, the love-lorn beat rock "I Pretend I'm With You" and two more), but the real riches are in the lesser known acts. Highlights include Rod and Carolyn's tight duet "Talk to Me," the Monotones' hand-clapping "It's Great," Vandyke & The Bambis foot-stomping Alley Oop-styled "Doin' the Mod," Tommy Quickly's wrought "You Might As Well Forget Him," the Wedgewoods' Seekers-styled "September in the Rain," and Shane and the Shane Gang's terrific train-rhythm blues "Whistle Stop." There are enthusiastic covers of "The Way You Do the Things You Do," "You Can't Sit Down," "Sally Go `Round the Roses" and the Soul Agents' should have scored a double A-side with "I Just Wanna Make Love to You" and "Mean Woman Blues." To be fair, there are also dozens of competent singles and B-sides that rightly made little impression on the UK chart and are unknown in the USA. Still, it's interesting to hear all the things that Pye was throwing at the market to see what would stick. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
I hate to Rate a Juluka cd below a 5 Star, but this cd to Me is by Far Julka's Weakest one. I like it, but to Me no Strong Songs on this one, but still if You like Juluka Grab it while You can.
I'm a big fan of Charlie Parker's "Bird with Strings" album and was hoping for a similar experience here. While it's not anywhere near the classic status of Bird's record it's still a nice listen. There are times when it does feel a bit formulaic however. On a number of songs you'll hear the orchestra play their lead in part then Dizzy comes in the same exact way each song. This occurs for maybe about a 1/4 of the album. Beyond these intro's the music is great as are the arrangements. It's an overall mellow record with a slightly subpar sound quality. It's not terrible but it's definitely not up to the quality of many remasters from this era. I've come to expect this from these "Jazz in Paris" albums (see Chet Baker's).If you're looking for some classic jazz with orchestra, or more specifically trumpet you really can't go wrong with this album.
Amazing lead guitar by Michael 'Kid Funkadelic' Hampton.
All song "previews" except one are wrong; they are most definitely not Django Walker!  Go to [...] for better previews.  Six Trips Around the world is a great CD, very much like his first, very definitely Django (unlike the previews).
The CKB's style is much like a classical small combo that has loosened its neckties and lit into a repertoire of folk melodies. The first albumDe Profundiswas a breathtaking display of elegance and musicianship."Warriors", the second release, starts out following in that path but soon seeks to expand or diverge from the first album's more traditional sound. I suppose that might be expected with an act signed to John Zorn's label. But when it comes down to it, setting a heading for somewhere closer to the frontiers of new music here really doesn't so much result in something new; it more resembles film music. Perhaps that was the intent since scoring soundtracks can provide great visibility while also being lucrative.I'm not averse to musical exploration or artists changing their approach as time goes by; it really comes down to whether one finds the new phase of development appealing. The tracks which sound like they could have come from the first album - the first three numbers plus "The Amorous Dance Of The Orchid" - are as sublime as "De Profundis". The closing "Recollections Of The Past" is also engaging. As with the first album, the best tracks tend to run over the seven minute mark and thus are only available when one downloads the album as a whole.The three other tracks - "The Prayer", "Memento Mori", and "The Fortress" - each have portions that are appealing, offset by discordant passages that seem intended to express some concept or feeling. This trend would increase over the CKB's career arc. I find "De Profundis" and "The Warriors" to be the most appealing of the group's five studio albums.Their final release, a live albumRememberancewas issued in 2007. The CKB must have been fond of "The Warriors" because four of the live album's nine tracks draw from this sophomore outing. The CKB is now known as The Bester Quartet. Although they've contributed tracks to compilations, no new CDs have appeared under that moniker so far.
These songs are hilarious! As I indicated, though, they are irreverent and politically incorrect. Some have twisted humor which the Addams Family might appreciate. I collect songs and compositions of acclaimed Disney composer, Richard Sherman, and found these on a recent search for such work. These are NOT Disney, film, or stage compositions in any form. Mr. Sherman and his friend Larsen created a set of songs to compliment their earlier record "Smash Flops" all of which are novelty songs, created for fun and not connected to each other or to any other work. As I said, these are funny and show an askew view of some historical events. I don't think I'd even say that these are cleared for the entire family. If you know history, you'll appreciate the alternative settings and outcomes of the historical events and settings. I appreciate these works as a glimpse into the personal expressions and views of a cherished Disney / family composer on an adult level with adult issues. Although the recording is titled "barbershop" few are actually traditional barbershop quartet songs. They are all in the style of that genre of 19th century early 20th century novelty songs such as barbershop, Dixieland, and vocal ballads.
Back in 1972 when I was stationed in BAHREIN, WE used to listen/P A R T Y to this song while Smokin' Corn Beef HASH (Wink Wink)and listening to the LP Version of it and of also to FANFARE for the Common Man by EMERSON, LAKE and PALMER and we be just chatting it up and PARTYING like there was no tomorrow! Don't know what made me think of this song today, but it brings back a lot of good memories!!!LeRoy
I have not heard the whole thing, but what I have heard I like. I would recommend it to my friends.
The Chennille Sisters you can understand the words, I enjoy the harmony, and the rhyming of the verses. they have a unique style
This album is an all instrumental album. While still very good it seems a shame not to hear her lovely voice.  When she comes to town, go see her live while she is still playing the small clubs. The stories she tells in concert add even more to her songs.
Nice work, interesting beats, keeps things moving.  Good music for the car, workout, or background.  I would recommend to any electro fan.
Micky Dolenz is one of the great voices in rock history.  This collection looks at Monkees songs from 45 years ago.  He's still got it.
Every song is an adventure and touches the root of alternative musical pleasures. I love a band that still takes risks. My ear will bend in the direction of Gliss from now on.
I was familiar with Devotion Implosion before buying this one.&#34;Morning Light,&#34; from D.I. is my favorite song by them. The songs on L.T.V. are not exactly of that sound, but as this was their first album, that's to be expected as their sound was evolving.Pick it up. Still a good one.
Great sampling of underground russian electronic/IDM. Kmsh by EU is worth the price of admission alone. Can't overstate that enough....download that track and thank me later.
This collection of songs was very surprising to me. My favorite is Here comes your man by the Pixies. I love that song and finding an instrumental version that is professionally down was quite the challenge. Other songs, like the Smashing Pumpkins song, are also a surprise, but definitely a good one.
these lo-fi blokes know how to play with it! i have their other lp's and ep, and while not their best works, it still works. for experienced ears only-newbies to the shanks would want to try 'urinal heap' first, this is a bit more raw and unrefined. yea, i said 'unrefined', get a bidet!
Another purchase after an Amazon sampling. This is my first Swampdawamp disc, and won't be my last. Since I am lousy with descriptions, please sample the album and decide for yourself.
Dexter Freebish, one of the many alternative bands that never really made it, but still found some crowd that likes them, put out a good debut release back in 2000. This is recommended for anyone that misses the simple mainstream music in the year 2000 and wonders where all these artists went (Dexter Freebish just put an album out this year by the way), and you will not be disappointed for anyone who has just discovered this.P.S. Most of the reviews for this album have mistaken this for an album of Civil War era folk music. What's up with that?
His original music is my favorite, and I do love his style.  He uses arpeggios and trills and &#34;pretties&#34; up songs to his own method.  Whereas I love his style, I don't always love his choice of music.  This one had a few must-haves, so I bought it, but it is probably the least favorite of his music for me.  I still give it four stars, though, and recommend it to others, because even his least favorite music for me reigns supreme over my iPod and makes my fingers play along on my lap.
It was pretty good but there were a few songs that felt like they didn't belong
Great songs.  Love the pedal steel.  Saw them in concert April 2008 (Spartanburg, SC).  Great show.  Highly recommended esp. if you like "No Depression"-type records and Irish accents.
Before Judy Collins and Joan Baez, Carolyn Hester's beautiful voice was nearly legendary.  Texas twang and beautiful voice singing songs before the explosion of songwriting talent of the '60s.
The previous reviewer seems to be basing everything on the title of the album. This is most certainly not a 50's collection with Johnny Mathis. This is Nettork Records second annual Christmas release of (mostly) chestnuts performed by (mostly) indie acts. It's a very pleasant, very adult alternative station-ready collection with a few absolute standouts like Leigh Nash and Gabe Dixon's clear-voiced rendition of "Baby It's Cold Outside", the Clumsy Lovers bluegrass-inspired take on "Welcome Christmas" and Sarah McLachlan's shiny, soaring "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day." This collection would be fine background music for any young, upper-middle class Christmas party.
I disagree with the other reviewers, but I can certainly understand where they are coming from. This album does contain some very free interpretations of Grateful Dead songs, sometimes with little or none of the lyrics and/or melodies. But hey, aren't some of the live dead bootlegs like that too? Ha Ha Ha. I find the Box of Rain cover, with just a few "scat" vocals at the end and none of the lyrics, to be strangely touching. Excellent versions of Brokedown Palace and Cassidy. And the other stuff is pretty good too, just don't expect it to be recognizable. I like the cool detuning synth sounds on Feel Like A Stranger.
Nice renditions of this collection of Enya compositions.  Played very straightforwardly and honestly. Sounds good.  A welcome addition one's relaxing music.
For the record, here are the contents of this volume, which first came out in 2000 from Memoir Records. Being a U.K. release it likely focuses on those sides that had a major impact over there. What I show here are the original North American label numbers, year and, if applicable, the highest chart position achieved in North America:1. On The Sunny Side Of The Street - Tommy Dorsey & His Orch, vocal by The Sentimentalists - Victor 1648 - # 16 in June 1945; 2. Trumpet Blues And Cantabile - Harry James & His Orch - Columbia 36549 - Feb 1942; 3. Begin The Beguine - Artie Shaw & His Orch - Bluebird 7746 - # 1 for 6 weeks in the fall of 1938; 4. In The Mood - Glenn Miller & His Orch - Bluebird 10416 - # 1 for 12 weeks in late 1939/early 1940; 5. Apple Honey - Woody Herman & His Orch - Columbia 36803 - # 16 July 1945; 6. Early Autumn - Woody Herman & His Orch - first released in 1949 on capitol 57-616 - then again in 1952 on Mars 300 - # 28 in November; 7. The Peanut Vendor - Stan Kenton & His Orch - Capitol 15052 - 1947; 8. Skyliner - Charlie Barnet & His Orch - Decca 18659 - # 19 in April 1945; 9. Sing Sing Sing (With A Swing) - Benny Goodman & His Orch - Victor 25796 - # 7 April 1938; 10. Jumpin' At The Woodside - Count Basie & His Orch - Decca 2212 - # 11 Dec 1938/Jan 1939; 11. Perdido - Jimmy Dorsey & His Orch  - Decca 18812 - 1943; 12. I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm - Les Brown & His Orch - Columbia 38324 - # 1 Dec 1948/Jan 1949; 13. Leave Us Leap - Gene Krupa & His Orch - Columbia 36802 - 1945; 14. Bakerloo Nonstop - Ted Heath & His Orch, vocal by Jack Parnell - U.K. Decca release in 1946 ; 15. No Name Jive - Glen Gray & The Casa Loma Orchestra - Decca 3089 - # 9 in May 1940; 16. South Rampart Street Parade - Bob Crosby & His Orch  - Decca 15038 - 1938; 17. Robbins' Nest - Claude Thornhill & His Orch - Columbia 38136 - 1947; 18. I Can't Get Started - Bunny Berigan & His Orch. Vocal by Bunny - Victor 25728 - # 10 February 1938.Anyone familiar with the Big Band Sound and its many fine recordings from about 1935 to the mid-1940s will recognize most of the selections, which are now available on any number of fine compilations - some with extensive liner notes, discographies and even sessionographies. Having said that, there are a few hidden gems here, sides that are not all that easy to find by devoted collectors, and in that regard I refer to tracks 2, 7, 13, 14 and 17.
Surprisingly good cover songs. I bought this album looking for something different and I like to support the military bands. It is amazing how many different bands they have that play many different genres of music. I think the version of Layla on here is really great and probably my favorite.
Nice CD!
My first encounter with Johnny Mercer, singer, was listening to his duets with Bing Crosby.  It was a shock to realize that such a wondrous lyricist could also be a first-rate singer as well.  His is a pleasant voice, very easy to listen to.  And, of course, the fact that he the fact that he wrote the lyrics he sings gives his interpretation a certain authority no other singer can match.  The arrangements are a bit dated (a disco beat on &quot;You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby&quot; and &quot;That Old Black Magic&quot;?), but in spite of such egregious missteps (i just skip those tracks) this is still a CD well worth having.
(This review is only for the song "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow".)No one wants to praise "karaoke" music, I know.  And most albums which this song is on say "In The Style Of" Amy Winehouse.  Well, it sure is.  I for one would not be willing to bet much money that it isn't Amy Winehouse singing.  It sounds, to my ear, exactly like her.  And given that it's a great song, I very much enjoy listening to the tune.
While Elton John continued to tour regularly and release successful albums inthe 1980&#8217;s, he released another highly successful CD in 1985 that would becomeanother gold record for him and one of his finest albums.  Combining the velocity-driven elements of Euro-Beat style R&B;, a hard-driving synthesizer, rock and rollwith real attitude and a vivid production, Elton turns up the sound system with IceOn Fire to high voltage level that made this a big hit.  Highlighted by an energetictrack set that is highly enjoyable and timeless in it&#8217;s contemporary majestic touch,beginning on the supercharged opening track This Town, the songs also includesthe Top Ten hit Nikita, as well as on Soul Glove, Wrap Her Up, Tell Me What ThePapers Say, Candy By The Pound and melodramatic ballads like Cry Of Heaven,Shoot Down The Moon and The Man Who Never Died as they add to the fun andfascinating head-swinging pleasure. Played at an up-tempo beat and heralded bysignificant back-up solo support from Sister Sledge, George Michael, John Taylorand George Deacon of Queen and Nik Kershaw, the well-expanded edition of IceOn Fire even have a trio of live bonus versions of classic chestnuts, like Restless,Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word and I&#8217;m Still Standing.  So I would have tohave to highly recommend this tour de force with good advice.
Another review said it right:  purchase this for half the songs.  BUT, I think its a different set of songs than our fellow reviewer that make this purchase worthwhile.I thought that Carla/Etude/Fanfare was as beautifully gentle a piece of music as I can ever recall.  As another has said, it alone was worth the price of the disc.  It is so different from anything I am aware of that Elton has done, and fans of classical music will love it too (as will any fan of beautiful melodies).  The way that moves into Chloe is also sweet.Different from an otherwise brilliant catalogue of music.  A great addition for E.J. fans.  Nobody Wins?  I think not, for those who purchase this one!
In my opinion Elton always did his best work when teamed with Bernie Taupin. When they got back together they didSleeping With the Pastwhich I think was simply brillant! However "The Fox" was an exception to the rule.
"The Fox" is a very good Elton John cd that suffered because he was at a moment of his career when the media and public lost temporary interest in him and his music (like most of great artist do). This cd contains great and very good produced songs like "Just Like Belgium", "Elton s' Song", "Cloe", and "Nobody Wins" (was a minor hit but is a very good song). among others. For these cd he recorded more songs that are still unreleased after all those years. He could have had more hits from these cd but only "Nobody Wins" was released in America (i think "Just like Belgium" was a hit in Europe.Good efford without a doubd. I am still wondering what about is "Elton s' Song", a song he co-wrote with Robinson the autor of a song called "Glad to be gay"............
i really can't believe how people can dismiss eltons' 80's work-he was in transition-from being the worlds greatest pop star to just another singer trying to make a living-believe me-some of his 80's work had a lot of heart-"the fox" is just one example-i'm not crazy about gary osborne writing lyrics-but the opening cut "breaking down barriers"-is pretty good stuff-elton and nigel rock on this tune-and the rest of the band follows-one of the better of EJs' rock songs-then it takes a nasty turn on "heart in the right place"-again-some good rock and roll-i was surprised osborne had that nerve-complaining about the media intrusion-good song-u get to hear elton sneer (can't say the b word-they won't let me b that honest on here) at his best-but-the hightlight comes next-not just because its an elton and bernie penned tune-its just the overall tone of this song that captures the emotion and the "i was there feeling"-this song puts u there-thats what great songs r about-"just like belgium" is one of elton and bernies' best songs-it could of have been a cut off gybr-thats how good it is-i had a girlfriend who hated elton john-when she heard this song-ofcourse she didn't know it was elton-she loved it-when i told her who it was-she couldn't believe it-now she has a little bit more respect for ej-"belgium" has the flavor-as does the whole album-its a much more british and european produced effort-"nobody wins"-a pretty good song about a childs' anguish-not a good song choice for elton-"fascist faces"-a good romp for elton and bernie-some real good guitar and heavy drumbeats-and elton pounding on the piano while the "reverend" speaks throughout -interesting song-then comes "carla/fanfare"-which i taped for a friends wedding reception-nice song for that-but thats about it-goes into "chole"-boring elton stuff-"heels" is cool-a fun rocker-i think its bernie telling elton to come back down to earth-"elton's song" is incredible-a heartfelt song-this song confuses me though-is it a student in love with his teacher-or-a teacher in love with his student-the song is so beautiful-it could b a movie-what a song-elton sings and captures it with lustful emotion and precision-and u thought eltons' 80's album were devoid of substance?-this is real elton-not a fairy tale tune by taupin-yeah-ok-we got "the fox"-to close it out-elton and bernie back again-i think this song sums up what they're all about-u know-like a fox-layin in waiting-u never know when hes' about to attack-like elton and bernie-they sit back and keep quiet and then they throw a masterpiece at us like "songs from the west coast"-watch out for these guys-and get to appreciate this very-very underrated effort-and believe me-if you're an elton fan and a rock and roll fan-you're going to enjoy this-
"The Fox" is probably the album I appreciate the most from Elton John's catalogue of the eighties. Actually, most of the tracks are left-overs from the "21 at 33" sessions, but that certainly doesn't mean that the "21 at 33" album is superior to this one. In my opinion, there are just a couple of mediocre songs among all the great ones; "Heart in the Right Place" and "Fascist Faces". Also, I'm not particularly fond of the Eurodisc cover "Nobody Wins" (not written by Elton), which was the biggest hit. The rest, however, is simply a representative blend of Elton's classic style, which he defined during the seventies through his production of great, diverse material. The album opener "Breaking down Barriers", is truly great, and has some impressive piano chords from Elton, and is about ways of tackling problems from the past, and breaking down barriers of time and those lying between two people's love. I adore the message and the overall optimistic tone of the song. Then we have "Heart in the Right Place", which I sometimes enjoy, depending on my mood, but much more often reject due to its weirdness and obscurity. Then comes "Just like Belgium" with a high fun factor and catchy hooks, eg.: '...see his face down on the floor of another cheap bar-room'. Definitely a successful effort of making an up-beat and 'funny track'. Next is "Nobody Wins", which was the biggest hit off the album, however I don't especially like disco music so it's far from being a favourite of mine. Nor is the political "Fascist Faces"; though sincere, it sounds a bit silly and overdone with the inclusion of Rev. James Cleveland and a Church Choir as backing vocalists. The melody is not all that impressive, either. I virtually love the instrumental on the lines of "Song for Guy", "Carla/Etude", which sounds like an exciting adventure in my ears. However, I think "Fanfare" should be dismissed, as it is based on synthesizer and is far too repetitive in its few chords. "Chloe", which it smoothly blends into, is a wonderful love ballad. "Heels of the Wind" is nothing special, but I still feel it' a decent, fast rocker with some quite memorable hooks. As already mentioned, the autobiographical "Elton's Song", is directly moving, and the title track deserved to be a big hit, as it possibly is the best track of the album, with its light and straightforward. Highly recommended, not only for die hard- fans, but also for more casual ones.
This is one of Elton John's better albums. It brings back the more classic Elton John through the tunes like "Breaking Down Barriers", "Chloe/Fanfare", and "Heels of the Winds." If you like his albums from the 70s this is one to collect as well. My favorite song is breaking down barriers, which has a great piano composition and overall rhythm.
I would give it 4 and 1/2 stars. This album is different from other Elton's albums but it's still perfect. My mum likes NOBODY WINS. Every song is special. CARLA/ETUDE is one of the best instrumental songs I've heard. Better than 21 at 33 and much more better than Jump Up.
The Fox is one of Elton's least known outputs in his entire catalouge.  It justed missed the top 20 (in the US) upon its release in May, 1981.  It also marked a transitional period in his career, coming off the sometimes successful but ultimately unfocused albums like 21 at 33 to the more straight ahead pop smarts of Too Low for Zero.  Although The Fox leans much more toward the unfocusedness of 21 at 33, due to the mishmash of writing partners and use of outside musicians in places, it is a much more interesting and satisfying experience than anything he had turned out in years.I find The Fox to be an album that tries to stretch out a bit, prehaps begging to cover a little too much territory.  As a few reviewers have noted previously, this was his first with Geffen Records and first with producer Chris Thomas (who would also produce his next 3 albums). Therefore undoubtedly the game plan was for this one to make a grand statement.  This ambition shows up in songs like "Fascist Faces", the beautiful instrumental trio "Carla/Etude/Fanfare" and the more traditional love ballad "Chloe."  The usage of the Rev James Cleveland choir, a full string orchestra, and new agey synthesizers drive home the point that this isn't meant to be a cohesive statement, but meant to try to satisfy trends and make "the cutting edge" for 1981.  Most of the time, it acheives this due to Elton's tunefulness and ultra-competent instrumentation.Highlights of the album are many and scattered throughout.  It would be easier to mention the few dead ends that are hit.  While "Just Like Belgium" is fun and lively, it really doesn't stand out amongst the other more adventursome tracks, and "Heels of the Wind" seems unneccessary, almost like an afterthought.  Big departures from his previous work are the tracks "Heart in the Right Place" with its forceful, blues-rock tone and "Fascist Faces" with the backing of the Rev James Cleveland Choir.  Both tracks are propelled by the biting, metalish guitar play of Richie Zito, which make these two of the heaviest tracks in Elton's canon.In the end, The Fox is far from a masterpiece along the lines of Honky Chateau or Yellow Brick Road, but it is one of the most interesting in Elton's now 35 + year solo career.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to experience the more arty side of what would become "I'm Still Standing" and "Sad Songs" just a few years down the road.
A new listen proves "The Fox" is an overlooked gem in Sir Elton's library.Elton John's first album for Geffen Records, it went largely unnoticed.  It is, however, full of wonderful tunes.  The first two tracks, "Breaking Down Barriers" and "Heart In the Right Place" are classic Elton and the title track could just as easily have been found on 2001's "Songs From the West Coast" as on this release.The first single, "Nobody Wins," tells the story of lost love backed by swirling synthesizers and a haunting piano hook.  The track took off on radio upon release in 1981 and raced up the lower half of the Hot 100 singles chart before stalling quickly at a disappointing number 21.  "Chloe," is a wonderful ballad, and only managed to make it to number 34 on the chart.Finally, no review of "The Fox" would be complete without a mention of the superb "Elton's Song."  A heart-wrenching ballad of a school boy on boy crush.  Sir Elton's vocals cut deep and the writing shows early indications of later songs done for movies and stage.The next time a retrospective of Elton's music is released, the producers would do well to include a track or two from "The Fox."  This is a wonderful album and I urge you to give it a listen.
One of David's best efforts including great vocals by Southside Johnny on "If it all come true". if you like David Hayes, you'll love this album.
The music is so nice but the cloud player needs to be improved. But still I am delighted by the sound of yesteryears. Never regret the purchased product.
For some the Carpenters music is too polished and the multiple vocal tracks can sound corny.  Karen's voice is the savior though.  Her deep alto voice is always a pleasure to listen to.  They experimented with jazz and rock, especially the guitar solo in Goodby to Love.  At that time they had backlash and some people thought it was a slap to their music.  Like all good musicians they tired new things even though their fans weren't always appreciative.  The songs are as memorable as Beatle tunes as they have a strong melody.
This is another album of Chars that needed some growing on me, mostly because I was unfamiliar with the originals. I will say Urge for Going, Just Like Heaven and Cloudbusting are gems, even if Char gets the words wrong on Cloudbusting. All in all, even if you are not familiar with the originals, they are still good, solid tracks.
OK, I admit I just discovered Pandora and am loving the artists it takes me to. Tori Sparks is one, and I highly recommend Under A Yellow Sun and, to a slightly lesser extent, The Scorpion in the Story.On Under A Yellow Sun, try Poison Well, Caged Bird and Carry Us to get a sense of her range and talent, and see if you agree. On Scorpion, try Tall Towers, Easy and Slow, and Little Wrecking Ball.Other artists that I did not know before Pandora -- and which, if you like Sparks, you might also like, are Thea Gilmore, Missy Higgins and Bree Sharp. Enjoy the exploring/listening!
I must say i'm impressed by amazon's download service.  Very quick and good quality.  I enjoy tiesto's music, therefore I have to say this one is good as well.  Couple of the tracks I didn't care much for, but that's just my taste.  Overall, enjoyed DISC 1 very much so.
If you like The Maryonettes you'll like this - and vice versa. Slightly more "Pop" than my usual tastes, but only leaning in that direction, these songs have really grown on me.This is better than 99% of the contemporary stuff out there right now. Well worth a listen!
I hope the term "prog-metal" isn't TOO pretentious, but that's how I would define bands like The Mars Volta and Mastodon, and that's definitely where I would place Ungdomskulen.  In fact, they remind me a lot of The Mars Volta, from the guitar picking and jazz influence, to lead singer Kristian Jan Erik Stockhaus' singing style.  If you're a fan of either of those bands, you'll love this.
One of the best feel-good third wave ska albums out there.  Perfect for the pre-skank pick me up or any light listening for the casual moonstomper.,
I spent $6.99 on this album JUST for the Dragonette song which is AMAZING.  Listen to it with headphones on!  This sounds strange but the fading from left to right in the song actually tickles your ears and feels physically wonderful in addition to it (I Get Around) just being a f---ing amazing song.  Seriously.  That one song alone is worth $7.
I own 5 of the Kitsune Maison compilations at this point and #4 definitely doesn't disappoint.  I am a huge fan of the very last track in particular.  It's broken out into three songs and I love them all.
This Compilation Series is One of the Best in the World and cotains a perfect mixture of excellent Electronic Songs. The "old Europe" knows how to compile great Music to a great collection of music.If you like this you should also Listen to "Dolomiti Super Chill".Great Chillout and Lounge Music!
I'm not a big fan of the "Tabernacle Choir" or "Jolly guy singing around the fire" kind of Christmas music, so when I heard a selection from this collection, I was curious. Needless to say, my curiosity made me buy this collection of fine remixes of classic Christmas tunes.... and look, no barking dogs.....
Personally, I can't stand either the typical "classic" Holiday music, or the pop remakes of it.  So, in order to get in the Holiday Spirit, I have a bunch of the electronica-techno-electro-whatever-you-want-to-label-it Holiday Music.Just picked this one up this year, and, compared to the others in my collection, I like it a lot.  There are a couple of tracks I don't care for, they go a bit "too eclectic" for me, but overall, and especially for the price, this is a good one to own if you want to add some new tunes to your techno-holiday music collection.
Not only does this have some old favorites such as the Jedi Drinking Song, but it has my absolute favorite, Frog Kissin'! There are songs for my every mood. Playful, sweet, geeky, romantic, they have it all.
Monte Montgomery is awesome! Great music. It is hard to believe he plays this on an acoustic guitfiddles. So much talent!
Bought this years ago for one song off the album but the rest of it is not too bad, got it for free or mostly free with a MP3 credit I had.
Another LP that I wore down is now available for instant download. Excellent. I sincerely recommend giving this one a try. Their combination of instruments, styles, and choice of songs combine to create a truly wonderful set of moods and influences.
I was delighted to find this couple's music available for instant download, as the cassette tape (that's 1970's technology for those too young to remember them) wore out years ago. The combination of harp and hammered dulcimer work perfectly, and the atmosphere these two musicians create is beautiful. This album of theirs in particular is amazing.
Very unique set of music by local artists - mostly Asian/South Asian-based electronica and fusion. Has a calming effect on those long flights or played in your hotel room at your destination. Not all songs are of uniform quality. That said, it may be less expensive to buy the whole album than just a few of your favorites. My own personal favorites are "Satori" "Zen Life" "World" "Golden Sunset" "Brand New Delhi" and "Lost In Beijing."Could have been a soundtrack for "Lost in Translation."Definitely worth getting if you like this type of music or are willing to give it a try.
Full disclosure: I don't have much of a musical vocabulary, so my reviews of albums tend to sound like a guy who tells an involved joke, gets the timing wrong, and forgets the punch-line. Having said that, I'm determined to do justice to one of the great unsung bands of the modern era, Four Star Mary, by giving their work an honest review.HELLO IT'S ME is the most recent release of the band made famous by its many numerous musical appearances on the hit show BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, but you shouldn't be fooled -- there is a fairish bit of musical distance between the music they made in the late 90s and the mid-200s, which is when this album was released. The sound is a bit more restrained, the tone perhaps more emotionally mature, and the guitar-work, while as crunchy as ever, is recognizably the handiwork of a different axeman (FSM has changed guitarists four times since the band formed in 1997). What is undeniably the same is the emphasis on half-poetical, half-anguished lyrics delivered in the powerful yet rusty tones of singer Tad Looney, who has the gift of making the listener feel whatever the hell he wants you to feel, whenever he wants you to feel it.So what kind of album is HELLO IT'S ME? Well, I think it's fair to say that all Four Star Mary albums ache. They ache for lost loves, for missed opportunities, for gloomy November afternoons when you're left alone in your house with nothing but memories; yet underlying the ache and melancholy is a hard, gritty, masculine edge, with the faintest twinkle of sour good humor. This is music for people who know that life is a b*tch, that wanting something doesn't mean you'll get it, and that getting it doesn't mean you'll be able to keep it -- yet who refuse to cry in their beer about those stark facts of life. Howl at the moon, maybe, but not cry at the moon. HELLO IT'S ME is like that. It howls a great deal, but it never falls more than ankle-deep into self-pity, and winds up very much on defiant dry land.The best songs?Well, the fast-paced second track, "Hollow," overcomes banal lyrics like "I'm here, always, I will never let you go" with the killer refrain -- "all that we do won't leave us empty," which may be as close to a musical motto as this band has.The pace slows down markedly on "Everything" ("Summer's gone and festivals have ended"), a beautiful song that showcases the remarkable vocal talents of Looney and would have been right at home in the playlist of Dingoes Ate My Baby."Won't Stop": This song's refrain, "I'm so damn tired of your sympathy!" demonstrates why FSM is such a great band: just when the song veers toward "boo-hoo" 1990s-style whining, a sudden spark of anger illuminates everything.Detergent - this song, insomuch as I can describe it, sounds like Alice in Chains meets Soundarden with a just a touch of Foo Fighters. Yeah, I said that. Put another way, it's fabulous.I'll Be Here - Another song about love is elevated by such lyrics as "Waiting like the dog I seem to be."Bad Rain - I've always maintained that FSM has always had the faintest touch of country in its outlook and sound, and this song proves it.Little Too Late - The mood of this piano-driven, beautifully sung heartbreaker is aptly summed up by this line: "If I make you smile, you'll still be far from laughin'." Another tune that would have made the BUFFY lineup.Believe - You know those freaky, trippy songs that are often featured on an episode of "CSI" when Gil Grissom is piecing together shards of bone beneath a microscope in the middle of the starry Las Vegas night? This song opens that way, then steers into deep waters with some very offbeat lyrics.Now, I would be lying if I said this was as good of an album as THROWN TO THE WOLVES. I think it's safe to say that the slight increase in emotional maturity undergone by the band since it formed actually works against it to a degree, because the feelings of fury, angst, melancholy, and bittersweet hopelessness which they nailed so perfectly on that album are now slightly beyond them as middle-aged men. As with Mazzy Star, there are certain things I demand from an FSM song, and if I don't get them -- even if the song is terrific -- I feel slightly cheated. I admit this difference is subtle, but the effect is not, and the effect here is that that HELLO IT'S ME, while full of semi-precious musical stones, lacks brilliance. It's an enjoyable listen to be sure, and well worth your money, but its impact is somewhat less than I wanted it to be, and it takes longer to appreciate as a result. However, it IS a good album, and well worth the time spent listening and re-listening, for it gets better with each additional spin. So in the end, what I can say is that even if HELLO IT'S ME isn't perfect, when you do what you do better than anyone else, not perfect is still pretty damned good.
They DO! Not enough novelty bands cover the spandex and capes crowd the way OtM does! But they don't stop at the Heroic jetset. Most of their songs cover a wide range of topics, but all seem to capture that youthful feeling of being able to be or do anything, even if that's to leap tall buildings in a single bound.
Definitely not for kids. Porno-Techno, and both are a lot of fun. Music and Lyrics are well-matched, with clever words and musical expressions.
Nice steel drum sound from this musician.  A few of the songs are wonderful, others just pleasant to listen to.
I love all of Joe Bongiorno's music. I really love &#34;Into the Wind&#34;  the best. Then I bought Mesmerized. So I'[m adding on to my collection.It's amazing listening to  all he's doing on the piano - almost as if there were two.
Claudine's voice is not much different than that of Brazilian songbird Astrud Gilberto's--they both are playfully sexual, sensually melodramatic and their English is a bit affected by their accents. But French-born Claudine gained ground by apparently seeking out her own song material, finding what was comfortable for her and putting her signature on it. Sure, her version of "Long, Long Time" isn't as powerful as Linda Ronstadt's, but give her a break. She invests a lot of personality in her music and is often stunning while doing so. The softly erotic cover shots also show Claudine was becoming less inhibited in real life, which eventually led to some major trouble. Forget about that while listening, and you'll find a ripe and real talent. B+
This is one of Chris' earlier works but you can still hear the power in his voice on every track.  What I love about Chris Ayer's music is just what I love about David Gray's music; the change of pace that is always there in each and every song but you never know when it's coming or how long it may last.  Like I said in my other reviews, if you love James Taylor and Glenn Tilbrook then Chris is an amazing combination of both of them.  There are some sensible and heartfelt lyrics here and even one of Chris' rare rock anthem's Fade but as he would probably say if you asked him about this record, it's all good.
majority of songs are very good, a few i did not care for ... generally a nice album if you likeLiz Berlin from Rusted Root... great voice
I like this song but it keeps getting stuck in my head. For kids this is a good song for christmas.
Although I like the sounds Electronic Jazz take some getting use to. The price is cool and the instant down load was great! Thanks.
I love this album. The overall quality is great, but the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that amazon has appeared to have mislabeled some of the songs (for example the song titled "valve 1" is actually the song "prime"). I still recommend it though, since the actual music is just so good!
OK, as the proper CD isn't available yet and I can wait no longer to post my review I've put it under the MP3 album product. That OK with everyone? Well here goes;Let's party like it's 1989. But with a more modern sound production. And with a girl belting out the party anthems.Vanity Ink hail from Finland and the booklet is full of names that my Anglo-Saxon tongue has no way of ever being able to pronounce but when the results are this much fun and when they nail the direction they're courting so perfectly who cares?The band are somewhat akin to countrymen Brother Firetribe and New Yorkers The Sex Slaves. They fall between the two in that they are rougher and less AOR than ...Firetribe but less loudly proclaiming debauchery like the ...Slaves. And there is a wedge of Swedens Crucified Barbara in the mix also.Personal faves out of this disc of hard rock good time tunes would be the title track and Someone Else. The production by Kimmo Perkko is well accomplished and allows the songs to breath. This isn't a power metal record so you don't get every nook and cranny filled with noise - thankfully. Add to that musicianship that is spot on for rawk rock and a vocalist with the power and the charm to carry the day and you have a winner. Anabella has a voice that's different enough to be her own but has twinges of familiarity that are more in delivery than tone, one point of reference would be the odd moment that reminds you of Doro Pesch.A party album, a highway album and a breezy listen....after hearing this a few times I added their earlier EP's to my wishlist.
I have wanted to hear "Glider Rider" since I read about it in Steven Ambrose's "Band of Brothers". It is a song by and about the non-parachuting regiments of the 82st and 101st Airborne Divisions. They were being treated like ordinary infantry while the parachuting regiments got extra pay and higher status. It is a tribute to the modern Airborne that they will not ignore this part of their history.I like the other specifically Airborne material. The rest of the album is competently sung by the chorus, but not special, at least in my opinion.
Really like the music in this one. Lyrics were good but could have been better....but the guitar was great. Like it a lot.
Despite the criticisms of the other reviewers, Better Times I found to be what I would expect from this band: Fun, funky, bluesy, soulful and positive. It provided a fresh infusion of optimism amid the tension of the times with tunes such as Better Times Are Coming, It's a Groovy World and Let's Party.Other tracks such as Old Age, Lady of Fortune and Rain Child address the not-so-pleasant side of life, but they keep a nice balance in the overall mood of the record. As they were on their debut lp, the players are top-notch and deliver a rocking, funky mix of goodtime r&b;, with a couple of dancable instrumental tracks to boot.I also had the 1st Rhino lp which I know by heart, as well as this one, but the downloaded copy of Satin Chickens was not what I am used to hearing from them, if I can editorialize.
The movie La Bamba came-out when I was in grade school. I loved the movie and the song La Bamba. I purchased this album and Chuck Berry's greatest hits on the same day, and I haven't been sorry.What amazed me about this album is how many of the songs were included in the film La Bamba--even down to Paddiwack Song.I was further amazed by range of Ritchie's voice the melodic guitar riffs.Music tends to be a very personal thing, but I was still surprised by how much I enjoyed the entire album.I recommend purchasing this album if you're a fan of 50's rock. Ritchie was a 50's rocker, make no mistake about that--no doo wopping to be found here.
I thought that I had this on CD but I couldn't find it.  When I saw it on sale I immediately bought it! It has some of my favorite songs, Never Let Me Down, The Things You Said, Strangelove, Sacred, Little 15, Behind The Wheel, Nothing, Pimpf, Pleasure Little Treasure, Route 66.  I'm listening to it as I write this review!  Their mix of melancholy lyrics and electronic/dance music just goes so well!  Even the instrumental tracks are great! (PIMPF, Agent Orange, Stjarna)  I always like an eclectic mix for my MP3 player, so I usually have a lot of DM on it!  I have to stop now so I can do some more shopping!
When it came to innovation, Genesis had a lot to prove back in the 80's. After being clipped from a foursome into a trio with the departure of Steve Hackett on their 1978 album, And Then There Were Three, the trio of Phil Collins, Mike Rutherford and Tony Banks had to really prove that they were just more than met the eye. Not only was that possible to die hard Genesis fans, but also with a new decade that started to get hooked on MTV. Well, the group had to show that well, bringing innovation and personal experiences on what was in not just the music, but for Phil a showcase of songs that would step up the writings he would've made for years to come.The 2007 re-release of Duke, the classic Genesis album has been remastered and restored to Dolby Digital sound, and brings in the classic sounds and songs from the #1 U.K. album, to a new generation of fans. The songs all sound better than ever, but continue to bring the haunting feeling of deep thought. The album contains the classics Misunderstanding, the classic Turn It On Again, the deep and haunting storytelling of Dutchess and the innovaive Behind The Lines. The songs not just bring a striking feeling of the Genesis sound, but also through Phil Collins personal life as well, with him undergoing his first difficult divorce, as was shown in great songs like the somber and moody Please Don't Ask. Every song sounds great, and is a good innovation that still stands out today.All in all, Duke is really a must buy for die hard Genesis fans, and now that it has been restored in 5.1 surround sound, it definitely feels more like a revolution than meets the eye. If you've loved Invisble Touch or are a huge Phil Collins fan, than you'll drool from beginning to end with each note on this album, and that is nothing to sneeze at behind the lines.Songs: B+Price: BRemastering: B+Overall: B 1/2+
It seems as if this album has been forgotten over the years, but I remember when this broke Genesis on American radio.  A crucial turning point from 'Then There Were Three.'I haven't listened to this in quite a while.  First note took me back to the late 70's.  Great album - can't go wrong..
This Genesis album is my favorite - IMHO.  I remember listening to this in High School and the song Misunderstanding is top notch.  Highly recommended, if you like Genesis and Phil Collins this should probably be in your library.Give it a shot!
If you enjoyed the 60's, then The Marketts were a big part of your music.
When it came to great classic music from last year, there were a few delightful acts that reunited for the first time in years. While some feel like it was a real waste of time like Foreigner without Lou Grant as the lead, others like The Police returning fo the fiorst time in years, felt like it really was worth the ticket. That also can really be said as well with Genesis. For Phil Collins, Mike Rutherford and Tony Banks, the trio returning again really proved to be well worth its while not just on stage, but their catalog got a whole new makeover, as their albums from the Mid 70's, all the way to 1997's final album Calling All Stations were re-issued in Dolby Digital sound, and feel better than ever. That also can be said in stone with a more-rounded greatest hits album as well.The 2007 Turn It On Again: The Hits (The Tour Edition), takes what was left from Genesis and their single disc 1999 edition of Turn It On Again, and expands it into a better hits album. Unlike their other hits record, the 2005 Platinum Collection, this one appeals mostly all the way through, by focusing in on the main tracks as hits, and not going into the lesser-known ones. The collection includes a lot of classics including all the original tracks that were released from the original Turn It On Again like their classic dance tunes like I Can't Dance and their only #1 smash Invisible Touch, to somber ballads like In Too Deep and Throwing It All Away, to innovative beats like the heart-pounding Mama and Land Of Confusion. The collection also works well by bringing in a lot of the hits that were overlooked from the previous hits collections, especially the tracks overlooked from the Platinum Collection like No Reply At All and Man On the Corner from Abacab, as well as classic gems like Illegal Alien and the somber Afterglow. Still, there is one disadvantage to this album, the collection does overshadow tracks from the Peter Gabriel era, when he was the lead of Genesis in the late 60's and 70's, as tracks like The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway weren't highlighted as well as other greats like Home By The Sea and Anything She Does, in favor of lesser-known singles like Tell Me Why from We Can't Dance.Overall, there really have been many different Genesis hits' collections. But when it comes down to it, Turn It On Again: The Hits (Tour Edition) is about as close as possible to being the most definitive reflection of what Genesis brought to the table in way of great pop music for nearly 5 decades, and taking what was a fair single disc collection from 1999, and expanding it so well to appeal to anyone who hasn't heard a Genesis album before. I absolutely recommend the 2007 Turn It On Again: The Hits (Tour Edition) as a must have for your MP3 library.Songs: B+Price: A-Remastering: AOverall: B+
Obviously the casual listener would immediately recognize "Walking on Memphis," which is a wonderfully composed and performed song. It could easily qualify Mr. Cohn as a "One-Hit Wonder," based simply on the success of this song by comparison to others. If this is what defines the work of Marc Cohn, it is unfortunate, as this whole collection of his greatest hits is excellent. Favorites include "Perfect Love" and "Walk Through the World," but picking favorites amongst this collection was hard, as all the tracks are strong.
This would be a nice mini-set of Leo's greatest hits, but on &#34;You Make Me Feel Like Dancing&#34;, as indicated it is NOT the album version.  That would be a 3:38 version of the song, the single timed at 2:48, as stated on the label.If you want the full version of &#34;You Make Me Fee Like Dancing&#34;, look elsewhere.
Generally dismissed by critics and most fans by its initial release, this remastered Rhino version gives a good opportunity to re-evaluate it. And in fact it's quite brilliant, well-played and elegant west coast AOR.Guitar aficionados and Led Zeppelin fans should take notice of the fact that Jimmy Page plays on two songs, delivering a blistering solo in the beautiful, latin-tinged opening track "50/50".There is also a rather tongue-in-cheek version of old partner/friend/adversary Neil Young's "Only Love Can Break Your Heart".
I was a huge fan of the Byrds from their beginning, and to me, Gene Clark was the real heart of the band (apologies to Roger).  Clark had left the band - some say his fear of flying, others argue David Crosby was instrumental in his exit.  Whatever the reason, this record was the reunion of the original lineup and it's release was highly anticipated by Byrds' fans. It couldn't measure up to what we hoped for but it was a very good record in its own right.  A couple of good Gene Clark tunes, two from Crosby and a pair of Neil Young covers along with McGuinn's Sweet Mary and Born To Rock and Roll. Not too shabby.  Although it wasn't the masterpiece we had hoped for, it still remains, to me, a fine addition to a great catalog.
This is a decent album with much of Gene Clark's vocals leading the way. It doesn't veer nearly as much toward country as Byrdmaniax or Ballad of Easy Rider nor does it have the McGuinn signature jangle rock style. If you like Neil Young's type of music then perhaps it best illustrates the kind played here. Definitely not a Greatest Hits album.
Technically, Jerry Harrison was 25% of Talking Heads, but his solo efforts make it clear his musical contributions were considerably more than that.  The polyrhythms that became a trademark of Talking Heads music starting with Remain In Light are clearly among his contributions.  This album was Jerry's first solo foray and is every bit as strong as the music being created as part of the Talking Heads ensemble.  His interpretations are more straightforward than those of David Byrne but no less authentic.  It's also clear in this album that Jerry was a more original musical artist, especially in his willingness to explore the deeper elements of the music present in this collection.  If you are a Talking Heads fan you may miss the vocal antics of David Byrne; Jerry's music - along with works by Tom Tom Club (Tina Weymouth and Chris Franz' efforts independent of Talking Heads) - suggest there was considerably more talent in that band.
Ashley  has 8 mixes of Freestyle song "Here we are" my fave mix extended mix, also has bonus song which i give 5 stars "when's it all gonna end?",which is a freestyle song i like alot more and wish that was the single rather than "Here we are" but still a good maxi-cd single.
Track 6 is such a moving and powerful expression of how awesome our GOD is.  Simple, yet very effective in evoking spiritual emotions and feelings.  It's great for a praise and worship session.
This is a good meditation CD, relaxing with good visuals. In about an hour and a half she takes you through the entire birthing experience. This will help give me good visuals during labor and delivery. Most importantly, it will give me practice!
These songs are ok. I wouldn't say they are the best available but they are cheap and do help which is the most important thing.
Well, this is interesting - it sounds like a callope - not quite the sound I was looking for but nice anyway.  The sound quality is good.
I think this album is great. Only maybe one track that I don't care for and even it's still pretty decent.
What more needs explaining? It's the classic punk band X, covered by some boss surf guitar dudes, with some X personal along for the ride.  Dig it!
Maybe a year or so before this album came out, a user of a forum I frequented posted several new age tracks he had composed, as a sort of homage-to/project-inspired-by his favorite author.  Some wonderful tracks, and quite varied from track to track: some soft like Two Moons, and some harder and fiercer.  I downloaded them quickly, and still enjoy them on a regular basis.  I even downloaded and saved his introduction and description of his work, explaining his specific inspirations for each track.  I'm glad I did, because shortly thereafter, all of it was pulled: the user said he wanted to try his hand at selling his art.Almost all of the tracks were, to my knowledge, never to be seen again, except for "Antiquity".  (I promise: the sample here does no justice to the song.)I just wish I knew if he was ever planning on releasing the other tracks, or if he did any other work similar to that first set.  I'd love to drop money on tracks like those.
Good album, but a little short with only 4 songs.  The helicopters are worth checking out.  Their latest album "Sizing Up the Distance" is great.
I have a long history of romance with the beauty and depth of Jim Chappell setting the ambience of a relationship. I was even proposed to with the "DUSK" CD in the background as we'd sat on the beach overlooking the Pacific sunset. Aaaaah...This CD has the ability to bring the full spectrum of emotions that are involved with the various stages of a budding romance; just as MANY of Jim Chappells' creations can be.SOME of these compositions could have been removed from the finished product. Only because they seem to have difficulty finding the true emotion of that moment...Thus, becoming tedious and repetitive.But, for the majority of this CD...it's perfect for candle light...hot bubble baths...melancholy moments of solitude...the first deep emotions that arise in a new loving relationship!
The title says it all! A friend of mine lent this to me years ago and I've been searching for it ever since. I only had the title Moth Music, that's it! I finally tracked it down and it turns out there are several volumes. I've only heard this one but it's very enjoyable either for concentrated listening or excellent background music. Very upbeat but relaxing and chill at the same time. Lots of different vibes throughout the tracks, I don't really know how to classify this music-loungy, perhaps? If you care to hear samples, you can hear them in ITunes. They have all six volumes available there, for $9.99 ea.All in all a fun disc to listen to, great for parties where the music shouldn't be a focal point but fills the room nicely! I didn't give it a full five stars because I don't think it would suit all tastes, but it's one of my favorite fun discs!Hope this helps!
I listen to a lot of "trop-rock" artists and have just recently started focusing on Brent Burns' music.  This is a great album.  It makes me want to sit at a beach bar, have a few drinks, and enjoy the atmosphere.  If you love Buffett and Buffett-like music, you'll enjoy this.
I was overjoyed to see the upcoming release of the double cd, and whilst it sounds pretty good it is also very disapointing. I grew up in the era where the New Seekers were up there with the best, I had every vinyl they released, so imagine my horror when I realised that this release, well the circles side of it anyway, was far removed to what I was expecting. The track listing differs somewhat form my vinyl album. Tracks on my album are CIRCLES, I SAW THE LIGHT, DAY BY DAY, MORNING HAS BROKEN, IDAHO, UNWITHERED ROSE, HOLY ROLLING, BEAUTIFUL, BLOWIN IN THE WIND, SONG SUNG BLUE, DON'T WANT TO LOOSE YOU, REAP WHAT YOU SAY, I'LL BE YOUR SONGOk ok so my copy is obiously the original U.K. release and this one is probably how it was released in the U.S.  but as Amazon failed to publish the track list, I didn't get the chance to choose whether I wanted the altered version or not.. Don't get me wrong, it's still worth a spin but would have been SO much better had the missing tracks been included as bonus tracks, or even released like a UK/US Circles release (like the Beatles did with their UK/US version of the HELP album)
Over time pop music has become more coarse and aggressive, so it's not surprising that the New Seekers get slagged for their "lite rock" sound as it was called in those days. Really, it wasn't rock so much as pop with a singer-songwriter influence. When I recently played this album's predecessor for the first time in ages, "We'd Like To Teach The World To Sing", I was surprised at its sound. Contrary to the aerosol cheese image they've been assigned by the rock press, many of its songs had a folkie feel, or pop with a rock tinge to them. In the absence of a reissued CD for this followup, "Circles", mp3 downloads are more than welcome. These are sounding much brighter and cleaner than my crispy, crackly dubs from vinyl.The "songs for your mum" moments included in previous albums do start to gain ascendancy with this release, and from here on out the group seemed to reposition themselves squarely into what was to be called "Adult Contemporary". But "Circles" still retains a touch of the roughage that reminds one of a good coffeehouse band. If you're looking to cherry-pick songs to download, start with "Mystic Queen". Perhaps it does not appear on any retrospective CDs because it is uncharacteristic of how the group is remembered.CD compilations all include the same three songs, "Beg, Steal, or Borrow", Neil Young's "Dance Dance Dance", and the title track written by Harry Chapin. The first two are classic radio-friendly pop circa early 70s, the third is a singer-songwriter standard.The 2CD compilation "Songbook" adds "The World I Wish For You" which was, for a brief time, Cook-Greenaway's next Coke commercial. Personally I have no problem with the song being used that way; it's not like this is the Beatles' "Revolution" or one of Dylan's early numbers. Probably would have been a hit if the group wasn't being stigmatized by a sanctimonious music press. Frankly, it was my first download from this album, it encapsulates 1972 pop very well.Some of this album I don't care for as I did in my early teens, and several of the covers I have by the original artists or those who made the hit recording. I was content to download "Mystic Queen", "The World I Wish For You", "Beg, Steal, or Borrow", and "Dance Dance Dance". Those who relish the adult contemporary direction that the group increasingly took may want to dig deeper or go for the whole album.
I'm not a huge Rundgren fan, but this album is one I've never grown tired of after all these years. Even the drums are created with sampled voices, but eventually you forget that there's anything unusual about it at all. From the doo-wop driven "Hodja" to the spiritual ache of "Lost Horizon", it's just a great batch of songs. A couple of tracks get a little repetitive, but this *is* the guy that wrote "Bang the Drum All Day".
When I bought this album and heard it in its entirety for the first time, I wasn't really impressed. When the album ended, I had enjoyed the music, but I wasn't anxious to hear more. However, the album has grown on me. In fact, after hearing it the first time, I developed a strange addiction for the music I didn't really think I liked that much. The more I listened to this album, the more I liked it.So, first and foremost, the music Wiretree has put in their debut album is very light, happy and fun. That said, I guess I'll go right into the songs (in order). Bear with me, I'll try to be brief."Big Coat" has quickly become one of my favorite songs and was a major factor in my purchasing this album. I fell in-love with this song after hearing five seconds of it. The underlying beat and the style of the vocals is very catchy and even if you don't know the song, you end up swaying and tapping your feet to it. This song sets the album off on a very good note. (Song = 5/5)"Travelin' On" is a light and happy song with another catchy beat. It's also one of the more creative songs on the album. This song showcases Kevin Peroni's soft, easy vocals, which really complete the song. At this point, the album is awesome. (Song = 4/5)"Secret Law" is the unfortunate third song in this album. The beat of this song isn't bad per se, but it's the fact that it feels so repetitive (in the music, not the vocals) and is much heavier than the rest of the album. It feels out of place - like it doesn't belong with the rest of the songs. After listening to it, you may be glad it's over and, like me, skip it most times you listen to this album. (Song = 2/5)"Feel Me" picks up where Travelin' On left off and sort of sounds like a better version of Secret Law. It's a little heavier than the other songs in the album, but not in the negative sense like Secret Law. Peroni's singing in this song is again soft and bordering on "emo", if you understand the vague term. However, the strong beat in the background and the great guitar riffs quickly get this song engrained in your head. I found (and find) myself humming this to myself a lot after listening to the album. It ends on a high note with a great guitar solo (one thing you'll notice is that the "solos" on this album are slow - which fits the music). Overall, Feel Me is a little different than the first two songs, but in a good way. (Song = 4/5)"Don't Need It" is where, when you first listen to this album, it begins to feel repetitive - like it's the same as the others. This is true. Don't Need It sounds very similar to the other songs of the album and is sort of the turning point. It's still good though, and one that grows on you. The vocals, unlike some of the other songs, are prominent and actually easy to hear. It has a good rhythm to it, but again, it's nothing new. (Song = 3 (borderline 4) /5)"Notion" is a good one. It starts out very similar to other songs in the album (suffering from the same thing that Don't Need It does), but is different enough to survive. The best part of the song is the last third, in which there is another slow-paced solo of sorts. Notion also has some of Peroni's best singing of the album. In some (if not most) of the other songs, his voice is almost in the background, overshadowed by the instruments. In this song, though, his voice is clear and nice to listen to. (Song = 4/5)"Dragon Cigarette" suffers from a seeming lack of creativity. It is similar to Secret Law in the sense that the majority of the song is repetitive. Again, not in the vocals, but in the music itself. The song is characterized by a series of subtle rises and falls in the tune which are repeated over and over. Peroni's singing in this one sounds somewhat like his vocals in "Feel Me", but in a less desirable way. The last 45 seconds of the song are great, however, with another excellent little solo that you wish doesn't end so soon. Overall, it isn't a bad song, but it isn't great either. (Song = 3/5)"Whirl" is a short song that again sounds like the rest of the album. There's nothing really new or outstanding about this song. It certainly isn't bad, and has a pleasant sound and beat to it, but at this point in the album, you want something new. (Song = 3/5)"Summercity" is a nice song that is also kind of aggravating because it showcases something that isn't used in any of the other songs: a harmonica. Granted, it isn't used extensively in the song, but it adds a lot to it and some (not all!) of the others might've benefited from it. Summercity ends the album on a good note, with a bit more creativity than the few songs before it, ending on a light, fun beat. (Song = 4/5)So, it's a good album, but it's nothing fantastic either. In my case, the more I listened to it, the more I liked it and it's continually growing on me. It's also strangely addicting and you may find yourself listening to it a lot! It also makes for good driving or background music. I give it four out of five stars, but it's a weak four, more inbetween three and four. If I had to be precise, I'd say a 3.7 - but that's ridiculously precise!Anywho, I'm droning on. I'll end by saying Bouldin is definitely worth a purchase, but if you aren't willing to spend nine dollars on nine songs (barely 30 minutes of music), then I'd at least buy Big Coat which is a fantastic song!(January 2012 edit: fixed a typo. Also, I like this album even more, having listened to it countless times over the month. A sold 4/5 stars!)
Can't speak much for the actual content because I could never stay awake long enough to actually hear it through. That said, I love it because it helped me fall asleep during a very rough stage of pregnancy. :)
I am using this cd in hopes of having a relaxing home birth. I've used hypnobirthing in one other birth and it worked really well. It shortened my labor and made it much easier to cope. I used the mongan method before, but was unable to use those cds during my labor because her voice is so bloody annoying. This woman's Australian accent and tone of voice is extremely relaxing. It's easy to let myself fall into deep relaxation while focusing only on what she is saying. There are no crazy visualizations like, &#34;look at those dolphins over there&#34; it is mainly affirmations to overcome fear and breathing techniques and instructions for the actual labor. The only thing I would like to be different are the words, &#34;contractions&#34; and &#34;labor&#34;. The mongan method doesn't use these harsh terms as they bring fear into the mind. Hopefully by the time my baby comes, the fear will be affirmed away. :)
I was scoping through Amazon's MP3 recommendations for me and ran into the Free Austin Sampler album....didn't like much of what I was hearing... in my opinion too many wanabees and too many artists trying to hard. BUT...I heard The Canvas Waiting "Ghosts". Which led me to this solid album, "In Sear of Beginnings"Strong vocals, purposeful/intentional lyrics, a solid band,and great production makes this an album to own. Songs range from the yearning lyrics and soaring sounds of "These Familiar Arms" to songs like "Scout" with grinding guitar and driving purcussions.This is a rich album, worth listening to carefully. But it!
Interesting rock album, lots of different styes here.  Very good vocals.  The high points are "Done with the Blues" , "One Reality", and "Soul in Love" but there is a lot to like.
I was in high school during the '60s when folk music was at its peak and it had a huge influence on me. I bought every Peter, Paul and Mary album plus a couple from the Kingston Trio and the Chad Mitchell Trio but my budget didn't allow much more. I don't recall The Tarriers from that time period, but they probably came and went before my interest developed. I first heard them on one of the online folk channels and loved their sound. I just downloaded this album a few days ago and have only listened to it a few times, but I am sure it will get constant play. They have a good sound, with voices that blend well. There is a good energy behind them as well. Part of the album was recorded live at a concert in Paris, but if you don't care for patter in between songs there is not a lot of it as their French seems about as extensive as mine. There are some classic folk songs on here like The Rock Island Line and spirituals like Shadrach. Whether you are new to folk music or a collector like me trying to broaden your collection, I think you will find this album a great addition to your music library.
THE FOUR PREPS ON CAMPUS (T 1566) was originally a 1959 mono CAPITOL Records LP.Backing orchestra is conducted by pianist Lincoln Mayorga.The Four Preps were Hollywood High Schoolers in 1956 when they were signed to a CAPITOLcontract after a company executive saw them perform at a school talent show.This album features those original vocalists: Bruce Belland (lead), Marv Ingram (high tenor);Glen Larson (baritone) and Ed Cobb (bass). Arranger Mayorga was also a schoolmate.NOTESThe guys intro themselves after a Pledge of Allegiance as Eddie, Glenn, Marvin and "Nervous" (Bruce).For this humorous number, Bruce admits to being a screwup. They continue the antics on an almoststraight "Heart and Soul." On their first medley, "We'd like to dedicate this entire mess to Jack Kennedy."Despite the parody lyrics, this quartet can really imitate the vocal groups they mock. "Rock ' Roll" isthe most demented doo wop song ever recorded. It lampoons all the genre's vocal clich&eacute;s,doing so without any lyrics until the very end. A brilliant performance!Bruce solos on "Full of Spring," then for Glenn's comedy spotlight he intros his groupmates bytaking good-natured shots at them. Marv solos on "Chariot" and "Goin' Away." There's gorgeousfour-part humming on the latter, a mournful song in a minor key. The singles medley was a featureof all their concerts. A quick segue to a fast-paced "Summer Time" with a Dixieland instrumentalbreak and a hint of "26 Miles" closes the show.PROGRAM[2:05] Opening[1:22] Heart and Soul[5:00] More Money For You and Me Medley: Mr. Blue; Alley Oop; Smoke Gets in Your Eyes;In This Whole Wide World; A Worried Man; Tom Dooley; A Teenager in Love[3:05] Young and Foolish[2:07] Rock 'n Roll[1:46] Their Hearts Were Full of Spring[2:21] Swing Down Chariot[2:15] He's Goin' Away[4:07] Preps Hit Medley: 26 Miles; Early in the Morning; Lazy Summer Night; Got a Girl; Big Man[1:54] In the Good Old Summer TimeTOTAL TIME: 26:02
I bought this CD on a whim because the price was right.  I am really enjoying the music.  As my title says, it is a really nice, fun, varied, multicultural listening experience.  Good to use during my yoga class, or driving down the road.  Give it a try!
Good follow up to Nilsson Schmilsson! I liked "Remember" and "Spaceman". The atmosphere of this album is relaxed yet erratic and raw. "Take 54" "At my front door",and "Youre Breakin my heart" come to mind for the rocking raw numbers."Joy" "Id Rather be dead" and "The most Beautiful world in the world" shows an adventurous attempt at song style i.e country, choir, and reggae/island. Harry Nilsson had a distinct sound but he never "played it safe" on any of his records. Play YOUR listening experience safe and buy this album/tape/cd/download/whatever!
Good to hear again, It had been years since I had heard many of the tracks on this Nilsson Package.
I cannot believe how long it took me to discover Harry Nilsson, or should I say re-discover since I am over 50. I recently saw a documentary on his life (also recommended)and could not believe his songs and that voice -- that voice.  The Beatles loved him as an artist and when you listen to him you will realize why.
This album is weird. It's sensitive but fun. Without You is the greatest love song of the 20th century. I wish it was #1 right now just to destroy the crap they pass off as music these days. Harry Nilsson was a contemporary of the Beatles and was championed by them. It is just a weird little record and that is why it is so good, because it doesn't try to make the all encompassing statement. Kanye West shut STFU.
Love his music. Good extra listening if you enjoy harry. Bought it just to get some more music of his. enjoy it very much.
Louis Armstrong is someone I admire for doing what they did consistently.  Thus, if you are at all familiar with Satchmo, you have a good idea what this album is all about.  There are those who view Armstrong's later years as a time of commercial submission, yet from my perspective, he elevated all the material that he recorded.  This set of Disney tunes is no different.  I bought it for my toddler son, so that he would be exposed to music of quality, but that would also appeal to him; however, I have no qualms listening to it on my own.  My favorite is Louis' take on "Chim Chim Cheree", followed by "The Bare Necessities".  If you have kids, make sure they hear this recording!
My four year old was first introduced to Louis Armstrong through a Christmas compilation with &quot;Zat you, Santa Claus?&quot; on it (and was the only 3-year old to say Louis Armstrong was her favorite singer at her preschool).  I found this when looking for other things she might like, and we really really enjoy it.  Even her classmates got a kick out of it when we brought it in one day!  Buy it and enjoy.
This album, along with &#34;Beneath Another Sky&#34; and &#34;Return to Witchwood&#34;, are great new age albums! He hasn't disappointed me so far! This album has more relaxing music compared to the other two that have good beats to them.
I love Billie Myers voice. This is a CD (single) of sorts. The same song, "Just Sex" in 5 versions.
Loved "Try A Little Longer" off CBC Radio 3 podcast and bought this and their other album (Hotmouth) from their website.  I don't think they were available here on Amazon at the time.  The rest of the CD disappointed a little, but ends up in my shuffle a fair amount, particularly "Transparency".  I ended up liking Hotmouth better, so I think I will go review that one too.  Either way, I think this album deserves more attention than it's getting, so if you've stumbled across this review - download "Try A Little Longer" - If you don't like it, there is something wrong with you.
Pleasant easy listening.  Perhaps should have gotten the Christmas CD.  A little like a practice piece in spots. Would suggest it for a guitar student to listen to for guidance..
I'd lean more toward 3.5 stars for this collection. As others have mentioned, the video quality is subpar, though I suspect that was done intentionally to make the DVDs seem "grittier."  It sometimes works, sometimes doesn't.  As for the audio, there are moments when James LaBrie strains to hit or hold a note. His voice sounds tired at times. The rest of the guys are, as always, pretty much flawless. Particularly worth mentioning is John Petrucci's soaring solo on "Surrounded," which is the must-listen track of the set. Petrucci and the other guys are sometimes accused of being technicians who don't play with emotion, but this solo alone has the power to quiet much of that misguided criticism.Ultimately, "Chaos in Motion" is probably for hardcore DT fans only, who will enjoy the different takes on songs they know by heart. Casual fans should probably purchase "Score" if they want to know what this band can do live.
hey! wasn't this deluxe boxset supposed to be a limited edition of 5000 copies only??!! why is amazon still selling it! i thought all the 5000 copies were already sold! i hope they haven't tricked us...i bought this boxset because i'm a DT fan and i wanted to be one of the lucky 5000, but now i realise that amazon is still selling it =S...this dissapoints me.
This is a response to how bad amazon's service is.  I had this order when it was first released and to be fair, there was some confusion on alot of different sides.  The package got sent but when it was delivered to the wrong address, I called amazon about it because it got sent back to their distribitor.  They told me that when this happens, they can not track it to turn it around and I could get a refund (which I did) and re-order it.  The only prob with this is that it is a limited addition item and it was sold out and I got screwed because of amazons lack of ability to track.  Long story short, I got the item not from amazon but fron CD Universe and I am happy for that.  Bottom line is, I will never order from Amazon again and I recommend that no one else does either.
A disclaimer first: I am a really big DT fan.  To me, they are the most talented band in the world and by far my favorite.  I was traveling in Europe for business the week Chaos in Motion was released, and I was shocked to find the 5-disk edition in an airport electronics store in Italy.  As a result, I got to watch it on the flight back.DT had warned that the video quality would not be as good, so I was prepared for that.  Considering the price (less than $40 for two DVDs and three CDs) I think the trade-off of footage from lots of shows instead of cinema-quality from one like the last two DVDs was a good choice by MP, especially when - for a band like Dream Theater - it's all about the music.  I find the audio quality to be very good and I really enjoy when they revisit classics - especially the projects from the pre-Jordan days and given them a more current treatment.  Throughout all of the songs, the musicianship is nearly flawless, of course.Looking at the other reviews, what some may not understand about DT fans is that we simply cannot get enough of the band.  I really enjoyed the 90 minutes behind the scenes.  As one reviewer noted, there are not tons of endearing anecdotes, but it is still a glimpse inside the touring of my favorite band.  After the 4th Indiana Jones movie came out, a friend asked what I thought and I said that no matter what, I was happy for another evening with an old friend and that Indy could probably do no wrong for me.  Dream Theater is much the same...just thankful for another evening (or set of evenings) with my favorite band.  If there is such the things as a casual DT fan, don't start with this one...definitely start with SCORE or Budokan or even Scenes from New York.  For those of us that get it, we love the chance to learn more about their personalities and hear them accomplish the impossible live yet again.
This is a really good CD. It has very good worship music. if your goal is to get into the presence of The Lord this will do it.
This is pretty music by a very young woman! My favorite song on this album is &#34;Dreamers&#34;. Phyllis Heitjan sings and plays guitar and she is good at both.
Downloaded this one for a relative who loved it.  Not as much to my taste.  Ms. Wall's voice has an odd quaver, at least to my ear.Again, good quality download with no issues.
I bought their second album, Here's Your Ghost, because I loved "Try A Little Longer" and decided to throw this one in too.  Glad I did!  No one song on this album tops that song, but overall I think it's a more solid offering, particularly "Olympia" and "Safe", but I have a soft spot for "Nine Things That Are True"'s lyrics.  Download Olympia, go download Try A Little Longer, and if you don't like either of those songs, there is something wrong with you!
What I personally most refreshing about Enjoy Your Dessert is the good natured humor that runs throughout.Sugarmommyraises all manner of dysfunctional expectation, but what makes this song so funny is ultimately its healthy and centered assessment of the very notion it is poking fun at, i.e. the relationship of monetary convenience. But I also have to say that the song is a total groove that one can't help but bounce around to, and, frankly, puts much of what is on mainstream radio to utter shame! But back to the humor...there are a number of "guy" songs for those of us males between the ages of 18 and 49 who eat over their sinks, butWhy Do You Make Me Drive So Far?may well be ultimate "guy" song. (If VH1 does a countdown of guy songs, this should make the list.) That guy streak runs rampant throughMiles AwayandWater On My Backas well. Now it would take a pretty spicy pair of Italian meatballs to follow Why Do You Make Me Drive So Far? with anything calledWaltz in a Minor, but that's just the sort of thing to expect from J.P. Montagna. Why? Because he's a guy!But seriously, the true beauty that comes through a song likePalace, a jazz piano ballad tastefully accented by softly placed notes from an electric guitar, is irresistible. Like Sugarmommy,Palacemakes perfect use of its sparse production. Along withBehind T3,Breathing, andOne More Dayit is the album's hidden treasure.
I saw Elvis in 1956 doing "Love Me Tender."  I saw Buddy Holly live, in concert, just before his un-timely death.  I was into the Rock-A-Billy craze for years, but switched to mainstream Rock-N-Roll with the Beatles, Stones, Pitney, but never lost the love for the early artists like Roy Orbison, Johnny Cash, and Jerry Lee Lewis.  Somehow I missed most of these artists (or just don't remember them). In 1970 I fell in love with Trella Hart ("Two Little Rooms") but, sadly I say, failed to purchase her music at that time.  How I long for more of her music to show up here at Amazon.com.  This disc helps bring back the good music.
What a shame. I heard Carol of the Bells on Pandora, came here to buy and all I hear are bad digitally recorded versions of the songs. One can only imagine if the downloads you might buy here would be the bad version or good. I still may take a chance on it because I love guitar music in general and there aren't enough good Christmas guitar songs out there. Please Amazon, I am a big fan but fix these recordings! I can't believe the artist himself has not complained in 10 years! I'll give it 5 stars when the samples get re-recorded.
Love Songs And Other Nervous Breakdowns. A clever title, and is part of the reson I picked this album. There is nothing ever wrong with a good album title to pull you in. And actually I knew about this album a long time ago, but listening to a random sample of T.E.C. the driving funk..sparattic hi hats and Lugos sensual voice fit perfectly I ran and found my credit card and made that purchase. The opener Just In Case is a warm subdued track that reaclls so many influences of strong beautiful soulful artists. He wants to tell his lover he loves her, just in case she does'nt know. Dream Of Us is another standout track with a cold machine driven mellow beat with some light key elements with Lugo gliding through the track ever so gently just tapping his voice on the track just so that it sounds dreamy. Anyone Can See is a pleasant track with Prince's Scandelous and the backing track..which couldve been still a great song without the sample. Sugar Babe is a funny track. The beat is little more than Go Deep by Janet Jackson followed by some old school synth samples and the track ends the album off very well. A summer car jam and Logo delivershis cool breezy voice as if he is singing in her ear seductivley. The album itself in a whole is a little long, and it misses a theme. However Lugo delivers his voice in a remark these songs show the beauty of his spirit. The strength and the vulnerability is scattered through the music; and that is a one two knockout combination of what a singer should be. One whom send chills down your spine and stop you in your tracks like when I heard the last minute of the first title. My money well spent.
This digital album is nearly identical to the out-of-print original cast recording, except the first and fifth songs are swapped. Like the CD, this is not the entire soundtrack. For example, "The Tao of Mag," "Zytrate Anatomy," and "Geneco Commercial" are all noticeably absent. In spite of its shortcomings (pun intended) it's long enough for a few good listens. The songs are catchy, upbeat rock musical songs with clear dialogue which decently explains the backstory to Repo! The Genetic Opera. If you hate spoilers, don't listen to this album. Each track is unique and the personalities of the characters shine through in every song. Here's a break down of the tracks:Night Surgeon. Curt Wilson portrays the Repo Man with a sadistic flair but this song is still kind of weak. I look forward to hearing Anthony Stewart Head's version....But This is Opera. Lateefah Devoe sings as Blind Mag with the ensemble. It's a humorous song poking fun of opera. She's got a strong voice, but it's a bit difficult to imagine her as the opera super star she's supposed to be. Again, looking forward to Sarah Brightman's portrayal in the upcoming movie.21st Century Cure. Terrance Zdunich sings as the Grave Robber with Stephanie Kane singing as Shilo. It's a seductive song... a perfect portrayal of a skeezy drug dealer who innocent Shilo just can't help listening to. This song has the worst rhyme ever: Shilo, "N.O.S?" Grave Robber, after a pause, " Yes!"Come Up and Try My New Parts. Penny Wei plays the high kicking Heather Sweet. I'm NOT looking forward to Paris Hilton's portrayal.Legal Assasin. Curt Wilson singing again as the Repo Man in the catchiest song on the album. Mr. Wilson's voice is a little bit weak and the instrumentation seems to drown him out. Good thing the instrumentation and chorus are strong and catchy.Chase the Morning. Lateefah Devoe sings with Stephanie Kane in the song that is most like an average musical's song. The instrumentation is mainly piano with some percussion. Again, Devoe comes across as strong, but at the same time seems to be struggling with getting the meanining behind her voice. Kane sounds kind of nasal.Choice. Blind Mag, Repo Man and Ensemble. This is the song from the movie trailer. The instrumentation is a bit more overpowering than the trailer's. Also, the actors don't exaggerate their eccentric accents quite as much, which makes it a bit boring comparatively.Overall, it's something different, a fun listen and a good preview of the upcoming movie. I suspect the movie soundtrack will be more complete and will have better sound engineering.
This album is pretty good considering how much she was a part of the "freestyle" era, with "Summertime, Summertime", "Let's Go" and "Tell U So", it is certainly a big welcome to hear newer music from her and not too far from the genre that many of her fans know her from.  But overall, this is great music (maybe a tweaking in remixing all songs to a more grab-able beat like the fisher king remix).  Nocera, you have a unique voice that sounds great in the arena that you perform in, keep maing good music and we will listen!  I gave it 4 stars because it lacks the remixes of the other 2 songs.  Love Ya.
These are excellent tracks and easy to sing to! I recommend it if you are looking for Rosie Clooney's songs for your repertoire.
I have made 4 trips to Seattle and the Pacific Northwest so I can identify with the lyrics. This is rather sad and blue but I like it...and I love Seattle!
I listened to the samples and can say that this is not the broadway actor on Kerrigan and Lowdermilk's "My first mistake" singing "run away with me".  That's not to say that this isn't good on it's own.  I came looking for a different Michael Arden.
Some songs on this album are actually pretty good.  Other times the raw production can get a little in the way.  Some are better than others.  Try 'Cannonball' 'Shut Down' 'Ennui' 'All or Nothing'.  Other songs don't really belong, but maybe that's why it's Random, ha ha!  'We Will Rock You' was kind of unnecessary.  And what's with the acoustic-y adaptation of Bach's 'Air on G String'?You get the idea this was done on a really low budget.  But it reminds me of bands like the Pixies and the Toadies.PIXIES  BEST OFRubberneckIf you like Weezer you might like these guys.
Karen keep singing you much to offer well done .here in Australia your home country it would be good if your music was available I give the music a 4 star rating
I ran into this band while trying to find the soundtrack to a Dolph Lundgren movie called &#34;Silent Trigger&#34;. Yes, it's a guilty pleasure movie, but part of what makes it work so well is the music, notably the first two tracks from this collection. The rest, however has been quite enjoyable, and something I'd recommend if you want to expand your collection in new directions.
This was an old Brenda K Starr demo song that her producer leaked online years ago because it contained some very prominent background vocals from Mariah Carey, before she got famous.  Great song, awesome cover verison by Krista, and consistantly solid production by Josh Harris!
Christian progressive rock.  Heavily influenced by Rush, with some hints of Queen and Floyd.  Most of it is a 50 min or so piece that is (when I can understand the lyrics) sort of a journey through hypocrisy, weak and sleepy Christianity, the depths of hell(or is it Despond?) and finally to redemption at the end.  The tone of most of it is pretty gloomy until near the end.  Another piece at the beginning and also an instrumental in the tradition of "La Villa Strangiato."  Amazing bassist reminds me of Geddy Lee, and the guitar work seems really strong to me too. The band is really slow in places but shows in others that they can really crank it up and rock, too.  Only weak point to me is the vocals, as they are a bit too high-pitched to me and are really turned down a little much in the mix.  If you are a fan of Rush, definitely check out.  cannot wait for their next work, O Nox Ultima.
Little Rachel is an absolute fistful of dynamite. Fans of Lou Ann Barton, Wanda Jackson, etc. will jump all over this release. Not a clinker in the bunch. The backing musicians are spot on without going over the top too. A real treat.
4.5 stars. I reserve 5 stars for perfect albums. I can't believe that I never heard of this band until just a few years ago. Thanks to Not Lame records. This album is loaded with power pop just as their others. How did they stay in such obscurity with amazing music like this?
I bought it to quiet my spirit and allow me to relax.  It does that very well.  Good purchase for me
A powerful and provocative work.  I laughed, I cried, I fell down.  It changed my life.
Doesn't seem like this is getting a review, so I'll pt in my 2 cents - despite not being a audiophile.This Album out of Israel varies a lot.  Nice work with mixing various instruments to get a unique and grabbing sound.  Hilla has a good voice and can use it well.  A weak point is the various contradictory moods or attitudes.  Some of the songs are kinda pop bluesy, soulful end of relationship (October Rain, Time, Last call).  Some playfully steamy.  Others almost cynical cold/unfeeling (A Story That Ends In Nothing, Who, - basically out for a hot night, don't.  Some revolve around bondage (hence the title) and those songs generally paint the character as most self assured, sensual, and in control - and most playful.The web site goes into detail about the concepts for each of the songs[...]Some of these songs I really love, others neutral forgettable.  I really like the rythims and playful kinkiness of "I will be me" where she excitedly invights her lover into a deeper, longer term, but also kinkier relationship, "where the pleasure and pain will excite me".  "Who" has an opening rift and rhythms love, but lyrics that I find irritating.I'd check out the MP3s Here or on the website (as well as the videos on the web site - which are worth a look).  I expect some will grab you, others irritate, others not really push any buttons good or bad.Oh, one thing - as of this writing the MP3s for "Last Call" and "I will be Me" are miss labeled.  the MP3 labeled "I will be Me" actually holds "Last Call" and "Last Call" holds "I will be Me".
Cry me a regret that no one has yet stepped up to fill the sultry vocal gap left when Julie London passed on.  Her unique style was a mix of languid phrasing and a smoky alto voice unfortunately fueled by cigarettes.  Laura Taylor, a Vegas-based performer, comes close to London's sound.  With tasteful accompaniment by guitarist Joe Lano and bassist Tom Warrington, London's takes on the title track and on "Blue Moon" are nearly as evocative as those of her model.  A little more rasp in her whisper would have left London's bridges falling down and Taylor as the new fair lady.
Their first effort Supertron is the more accessible album - each song on that album has immediate first-listen appeal; the more mature sounding Stems definitely takes a bit longer to grow on you.  It's experimental and way less poppy, using more white space and sparse arrangements.  Either album is a good buy, but getting them together makes for a eclectic musical experience.We've enjoyed seeing Fading Collection live twice now and enjoy.  Lead singer has goosebump-inducing pipes - well worth it if they visit your town.
I really Like Marcey Hamm's music.  There is one album I can say has very high vibrations as I don't like the way I feel when I listen to it but Maitrey I can listen to over and over again.  I do go back to the other album as I know eventually my vibrations will raise to really enjoy her other albums.
Great original music and a vantage point that seems to be totally current with the meltdown and all.  Good live show too.
I bought this Practice session long ago on an audio cassette.The idea was to play it on a stereo player.  On one speaker you hear just the music and on the other you hear justJudy Niemack's voice.  So when you want to practice improvising, you turn down Judy's voice and YOU sing with the music,or you lower the volume a bit on Judy's voice and sing over hers, and work on your scat/improvisation.So dont know if the CD format can be used the same way.  I am hoping so, but I haven't been able to try it out on astereo unit yet, so I don't know if it will work.  I loved it in tape format for all the reasons mentioned above.When I purchased this CD format, I couldn't find any instructions on how to use it properly as a Practice Session.FLASH- I just found out you can drop Judy's songs one by one into a "GarageBand" New Project and with the Pan buttonmanipulate things so you can "pan" from one "speaker" to the other.  So YES the CD is in stereo format.
the album itself is really good: filthy beat concepts and progression. however, the songs with the guest stars are the least impressive. When I listen to the song with Cypher Linguistics it is painfully obvious that they can't rap at all, their lame name should have tipped me off
This is a great rock-a-billy cd. Lead guitar work is noteworthy. The bank is smokin'. Buy this for your rock-a-billy collection.
There are a number of selections on this album where you will turn your head looking for the drummer. The stereo effect is pronounced somehow giving us a feeling of being there. I like it! I listened and enjoyed most of the introductions of the nine selections on the album. I found myself trying to understand the term "triptych" which could be "trilogy", maybe three related compositions played by a trio or maybe Janice Friedman will review this review and clarify the text in its relationship to the good jazz sounds. WILLOW is terrific but should have been five minutes. Its not easy to maintain that wonderful rhythm and sound giving pleasant motion and emotion to the listener as she does in the first minute of this interesting and well played arrangement. Ten minutes is extremely difficult and I thought . . . five minutes. The stereo sound that aroused me came to my ears through Koss titanium headphones (see my product link for good listening).Koss KTXPRO1 Titanium Portable Headphones with Volume Control
I always thought of Mary as being very different from a regular person. This musical shows a side of her that I've never thought about, but could be true. She must have had the same feelings and issues as any unmarried girl from a very religious family would have today. No one talks about Mary's mother either, but she had one! Interesting thoughts about what her mother's reaction would have been to her pregnancy. While some of the dialogue was a bit "corny", it did make me think and challenge my preconceived ideas. The music was very moving. I especially liked how the author brought it all together in the finale.
I really love the song Carol of the Bells.  Rick plays so beautifully.  The song is one of my favorite Christmas carols and is one of the most beautifully written Christmas songs of all time I believe.  Every version I have heard is beautiful. There is something beautiful about the bells.  Ricks interpretation on piano is absolutely amazing. I am a new fan.
I've been a fan of Ms. Carlson since the mid 70's when she performed locally in rock bands. Her move to jazz standards was the right move (not to knock her ability to rock). This is a wonderful album with strong performances by her and her accompanying musicians. I think it's stronger than her critically acclaimed Christmas albumThis Christmas ... my favorite things. I've listened to this album literally hundreds of times and it still wears very well.
Back in 2007 while getting a soda pop at a gas station in Boardman, Oregon, this CD was right by the checkout stand with a hand printed sign that mentioned the artist was a local girl. Cool, I thought, and bought one, not really expecting the incredible voice and music that came belting out of the cd player! Wow. What a surprise.Hope she tours the local area soon.
This album has been described as "killer British pop" and ""Fiery British pub-punk-rock with a sense of humor and spectacularly good lead guitar."(Lucid Culture) There are no explicit lyrics despite what it says on the Amazon page!
I love Jo Blankenburg's music and usually listen to it while I work. This moves a little slower than I usually prefer but is still wonderful.
Adala's sound is sensuous, warm, moody, in the vein of Bird York or Norah Jones, but with a spiritual dimension adding leaven to the bread. Rich, breathy vocals put a romantic tinge on "If I Look In Your Eyes," while an insistent drumbeat drives "Take Me Down Where the Pagans Go" ever forward. The title track bristles with eroticism, while "Moonbright" percolates with restrained energy.For the price, download the whole album. You won't be sorry.
This live set backing "blues singer" Katherine Davis with the crack Chicago Blues Ensemble (featuring the wonderful Boogie Woogie piano player Erwin Helfer!) must have been great fun for the audience. The music is great with a wonderful New Orleans-style rocker "Never Make a Move Too Soon" clocking in at just under 10 minutes. "Watermelon Man" that Mongo Santamaria jazz hit from the 1960s leads of the disc and really lets the band play. Davis takes on the risqu&eacute; 20s blues diva hit " I Need A Little Sugar for My Bowl" and is lots of fun. There are some long song intros and "shout ots" to folks in the audience included and they will wear out their welcome on repeated playing. (2 are "indexed"; the others aren't).The version of the traditional "Make Me A Pallet On The Floor" is definitely in a completely different tempo than you've ever heard before and I found myself hitting the "skip" button about half way through the song.The sound it great for a "live" recording in a small club, but I expect that from Siren.The problem with "live" recordings is that they are done in one take. Sometimes that's not always the best. In the case of this CD, it captures the moment but an all-musical studio album might have worked better.It's still worth checking out, especially with Helfer at the keys!Steve Ramm "Anything Phonographic"
Always looking for newer rock, ran across these guys listening to a TV music station. Heard it a second time, had to have the album. They don't sound like any particular group, but if I had to compare, similar to Creed. Great group, great album. Worth buying and listening to!
andrew dice clay meets phil ochs. hey, listen to it after a few beers. if not, i'll hit ya in the head, i'll hit ya...
Even though these two mixes of MY FUNNY VALENTINE are available on the Big Muff remix album AURALLY EXCITING REMIXES, the single is worth getting for the full-length &#34;Fire Island Vocal Mix,&#34; as opposed to the &#34;Radio Edit.&#34; The extended length allows them to develop both the groove and the emotional content of the track. The Francois K & Matty Heilbronn &#34;Body and Soul Mix&#34; is certainly worth having again too, of course.
If you're into lo-fi recordings of bored college students then you ought to find this entertaining.I don't think either of these guys had any illusions they were making inspiring music--but that's exactly why it is still listenable even though there isn't a whole lot here.  At times it seems like they were trying to make each song sound as strange as they could.  This isn't a Velvet Underground-like attempt to be annoying just because they could, it is more an attempt to show that as long as the people are enjoying making the music, it doesn't really matter what the end product is.  There's an obvious flaw in that statement, and if you can't figure out what I meant by that then you probably should go buy something else.  But if you're interested, download this record.
I found that I was doing a thumbs up on so many of these songs on Pandora that it only made sense to purchase the album. It was a wise move. I purchased another one for my Dad who also liked it a lot. He has been playing piano for many years.
I got this basically for Oxygene Part 2 since it was used in the movie Gallipoli; but the rest is recognizable if you like the New Age genre.
paul anka7/30/1941--72wrote and recordedTHE LONGEST DAYmany men to victorymarching on right into battlein the longest day in historyPaul worked as an actor on the filmwhen he was 21 yrs old.bette 64 okc
It really bites when soundtracks DO NOT include all of the songs featured in the film.Ran into that with Napolean Dynamite too!From the songs listed in the movie credits, this soundtrack is missing:Sands of Iwo JimaStuttering ToddTwo Beat Or Not Two BeatBow to Chinese&Melodic TankHowever it DID include the jazzy a cappella I was looking for!
I want "Try Not To Remember" from Sheryl Crow, and that is the ONLY song on this entire album that is not available for download... it makes no sense!Please make this track available for download!
I bought this CD for the remix version of the Barney Fade (one of my personal faves) but found much more to like about it. An interesting non-vocal CD by the experimental Fragile State. If you like Schnauss or Tangerine you will enjoy this too.
I was first introduced to the Porter Music Box music at the Inn at Christmas Place in Pigeon Forge, TN.  They play this type of music continuously in the lobby.  My wife and I had a great stay there and wanted to bring some of the music home with us to remember it by.  After previewing many of the albums, this one reminded me most of the music they played there.  There are a few songs that have intermittent fast "twinkles" (for lack of a better word) that are slightly annoying, but overall a very pleasant album.
This music is very visual.  She posts a lot of neat art work with her music on her myspace and facebook, and her music fits her art work well.  The first song is my favorite.  The album has a lot of cool experimentation in minimalism and with noises, but this is juxtaposed by her radio friendly singing which at times I love but at other times I tire of very quickly.  I wish I knew what she was saying, the minimal instrumentation of some of the songs leads me to believe that she really had something to say in those pieces.  I really like her music though and I love her cartoons.  I wanna get the second one.
This album is very easy on the ears.  Chris Koza has a great voice and is a great lyricist.  Check out "Belmont Stakes" and "Straight to Video" as a good sample for a great album.
The newly-relevant Dark Clan weaves trancelike melodies that slip over the transom of your consciousness and insinuate themselves into your dreams.
fun
Excellent synth-pop that just happens to be songs written about Harry Potter.  I was very impressed that after multiple listens this just gets better.  It is enjoyable as a fan of Harry Potter and as a fan of Synth-pop.  This would have been a great choice of band for the Goblet of Fire Yule Ball - maybe next time!
Jason Smith, Ryan Hinton, Paul Hatch, Kimball Brown, Ben Haacke, and Lynn Haacke present a beautiful selection of Mormon religious music. While much of the music has the sound of four-square gospel or a traditional hymn feeling, occasionally the sweet perfection of the voices are enhanced by mixing a full choir behind their voices which creates the audible image of a huge organ filling a glorious cathedral. The music is very nice and beautiful.
Thank you to the creator of these Karaoke files-it's so great discover that karaoke of exceptional music & artists actually exists!  Great tracks-Happy Katemas!
The songs on here are wonderful! I would have given it a full 5 stars, but my kids seem to like the songs from their other cd "Sharing Time" better. We haven't listened to this one very much yet, so maybe soon, these songs will grow on them and they'll love them just as much as the other.
My children came from New York to visit me in Southern Utah last summer and how lucky we were to be having dessert at a local establishment when an unassuming man with a guitar took to the tiny stage in front of us and began to tune his guitar. He was accompanied by a hipster girl at the mic, the kind that wears striped socks and pigtails and makes it look cool. After a short while they were all tuned up and he began the set with "Shame". I think we all put down our forks.David has a warble in his voice that cries out in earnest and often leans its way into twang territory. He sings with abandon just like kids do and makes pitch-y a good thing. Wonderfully unpolished harmonies are threaded throughout. His songs are honest and tell stories that cause you to see slide shows in sepia inside your head.Best tracks on this album IMO:"19"ShameJosey the BuddhistEchoThere are a couple of tracks I tend to skip.From what I was told the night we met David, this album was recorded in a barn. Could be true. My love of barns just got all that much bigger.
I heard about this group's second album..but this first one shows the promising potential these kids have for a career in the music business in the future...very good album.
There are a lot of intimate heartaches exposed in "Dreaming Wide Awake: The Music of Scott Alan".  Thankfully, in the midst of 13 songs lie a celebration of living through the pain and joys of life.This recording is a gift.  It is a generous, unselfish offering borne out of life experiences, wrapped with beautiful chords of music and presented whole heartedly for the enjoyment of the listener. All 13 songs are performed by top notched vocalists, many are considered rising stars of the Broadway stage.  While each number is worth the price of admission, stand out performances include Jonathan Groff's tearful "Now" about the gut wrenching pain of breaking up with someone you love, Shoshana Bean's tear inducing "Home" about the promise and discovery of true love, and Danny Calvert's achingly tender rendition of "Kiss The Air" about the courage to admit and face the dissolution of a marriage.  Other note worthy performance include the fantasy driven  "Never Neverland (Fly Away)" by Stephanie J Block and the exhilarating opening track "I'm A Star" performed with relish by Eden Espinosa.Mr. Alan possesses the talent to capture moments of life and encapsulates them within beautiful melodies.  He is able to conjure strong emotions of sadness and laughter with the simplicity of his lyrics.  My only wish was that he had used Lisa Brescia for "Magic".  Ms. Brescia's pitch perfect performance of the song on YouTube makes her stronger choice than Ms. Adrian Lenox who is performer on the recording.It has been a very long time since I hear something that creates a strong urge to grab the next person I see and say "HERE! LISTEN TO THIS!"  If you are looking for solace during a blue day, "Dreaming Wide Awake" will keep you company like a true friend.  Mr. Alan, I wait with baited breath for your next offering.
The Corner Laughers produce some of the most consistently enjoyable jangle pop you'll ever hear, with a few country touches.
For so many artists, they really can have a hard time making the heart and soul of a good song, especially in R&B; today. For Jennifer Hudson, she had more to prove than she could chew. After her time on American Idol, she wowed audiences and critics with an Oscar-winning performance in Dreamgirls. Not only was that a shocker, but she proved that even with a loss, she had more than meets the eye. Now, she is going back to music, and trying to revitalize the spirit that has been shattered due to the American Idol curse that has plagued singers like Kelly Clarkson, Katherine McPhee, and many others, who've made albums recently, but failed to capture the sales and the audience. Her debut single, Spotlight, really ranks within the soul of R&B; well, as a much more gritty and dominant vocalist. The lyrics and appeal doesn't feel like it is flimsy, unlike what has been shown by Fantasia Burrino or Jordin Sparks with their past albums. I really hope that when Jennifer's album comes out, she can get that crowd roaring under her spotlight.Song: B
This is a great app. I used this for my newborn every night. I would definitely recommend this app to anyone who just had a baby.
Keyboardist Pete Levin boasts an extensive background in jazz, pop, and session work, having collaborated with the likes of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Gil Evans, Miles Davis, Annie Lennox, Jaco Pastorius, Pieces of a Dream, and many others.  Side fact:  Levin's bass-playing brother Tony claims an equally impressive performance roster, most famously with King Crimson.)  Ali Ryerson carries a catalog of about a dozen albums of occasionally Brazilian-flavored jazz flute.  Meditation is a stylistic stretch for both musicians, although Ryerson's work with the late guitarist Joe Beck hinted at this tranquil turn.  Warning:  jazz purists should probably stop here.  Fans of Michael Hopp&eacute; / Tim Wheater recordings will understand why Meditation's titles of "Transcend," "Imagine," "Reason," and "Reflect" are merely labels.  All four 15-minute tracks blend floating drones, fluted moons, and fleeting wakefulness.  Levin's languid key pads cushion Ryerson's softly piped lines, creating an aural curtain perfect ... for closing off ... the day's ... win ... doze ... zzz ...
I recently bought an old souvenir program and playbill from Phantom of the Opera (from Wang Center) . I had seen PO there in the early 1990s. I recognized his picture and then went looking for recorded music. Regrettably his passing in 2013 was a great loss to everyone. There are some YouTube videos but they are not very good. This is a nice recording in collaboration with his wife but is only in MP3 . I prefer a cd just for safety. Anyway his voice is unique and rich. I wish there had been more albums of his Broadway roles.Sad loss!
"Searching For You" is the impressive debut from UK multi-instrumentalist and singer/songwriter Spinous.  This album is filled with ten catchy and groovy pop songs that draw from rock, funk, and r&b.;  With the exception of some of the drum and bass work, Spinous composed and performed all of the arrangements on this release, showing his skill both in layering and arranging.  Spinous gives a strong vocal performance that sounds somewhere between Sting, Seal, and Prince.  The songs are catchy and melodic, with great toe-tapping beats and meaningful, memorable lyrics.  Spinous also self-produced "Searching For You," and it sounds great, his full vision fulfilled.  "All I Need Is Time" begins with a nice drumbeat and keyboard work, then builds to incorporate a groovy guitar line and moves into great lyrical verse.  "All The Things" is an incredibly poppy song with an energetic drumbeat, refined keyboard progressions and solos, more great lyrics, and a catchy chorus.  Overall, "Searching For You" is a great debut from Spinous, with great groovy tracks that'll simultaneously make you want to move and sing along.  Fans of groovy pop with rock, r&b;, and funk influences should check Spinous out.[...]
Lindstrom's first LP resides somewhere in between all these adjectives and outside all of them. Norwegian born Lidstrom is mostly known for the sick single "I Feel Space" in 2005, creating much anticipation for this full length. The record doesn't disappoint, actually building on the craftsmanship of his earlier releases to be an intricate triumph.A hypnotizing record, Where You Go I Go Too manages to tiptoe the line between of background and dance music while remaining an electronic record in its own. It's hard to classify it as either a headphones or a dance floor record because it never decides between them; it chooses both. At it's most ethereal moments, the record resemblesAmbient 2: The Plateaux of Mirror, at it's most expansive, a pounding symphonic trance mix. The shifting nature of the title track, house beats tinged with bells and and kraftwerk-esque keyboards disintegrating into a pile of loops, shows the work of an artist in control of his devices as opposed to  an artist who lets the keyboard do the talking This is true of the subsequent tracks as well, all of which enjoy fleeting epic phrases that morph into dream-like ambiance.At it's best, Lindstrom's self titled release can accomplish almost everything it needs to. It uplifts and sedates, expands sound and narrows it, repeats and destroys. But for all of it's grandeur, the simplicity becomes the flaw, making it impossible to be truly placid. But then again, that's the point. All of the cheesy synths and pulsing rhythms aren't supposed to taking you anywhere in particular, but they are taking you somewhere. The potential for it to be fantastic is there, and this is as close as this style of music is going to get... until the next one.
Used for yoga. Good beat and no down time, it can be a little slow in places but not too slow. The class is advanced and hatha flow.
I play a mix of soft new age & world music every night when I go down for meditation & sleep...very nice,  great value. As I listen to it more I enjoy it more...
It has a nice beat and clams your day down. I like listening at the of the day as the sun set.
If you want an introduction to the beauty and transcendent quality of Tibetan singing bowls, this is probably not a good place to start. As others have said, the ocean waves are very loud and often the bowls take a back seat to the sound of surf. But if you are a singing bowl fan and want to mix up the sound a bit, Moffett has come up with a clever approach in blending the often strong wave action with the prolonged tones of the bowls. I'm listening in a darkened room where the temperature is chilly, and I actually have the sensation of sitting on a beach, listening to singing bowls played nearby. This is a soundscape that's probably more brisk and invigorating than purely mellow -- and although it puts me in a different space than just straight singing bowl sounds, I really enjoyed it.
Jeffrey Smith may be off the radar, unless you are a jazz-a-holic. Disappointed that there was no playlist while looking for favorites, Kiss and Tell, Mocha Love etc. Hint hint; check the mp3 list and there are the tracks
I'm happy with their music. Unfortunately, the 1st CD I bought from them had these songs listed on it but were actually the songs from &#34;Bring Back&#34;. Had to edit and retitle the tracks but it's all good now.
I really like Ingrid Michaelson's voice and style of singing.  This is definitely one of her best.  This song was featured on an episode of Grey's Anatomy.
This is a great album of country rock tunes. Reminds me of the Byrds, Neil Young, Jayhawks type music. I guess you could say its nothing ground breaking, but its an album that is easy to listen to all the way through. Short disc, but every song is good
I really enjoyed. His voice and songs are really good; strong clear voice. They are mainly the slower, prayer type; some of the old hymns. Very relaxing and enjoyable.
I like to scroll through the mp3 lists on different old standards in search of less known talent.  Was checking out the old Billy Holiday standard, "Easy Living'" and into page 2 of sampling ran across this soulful sounding artist.  There is no shortage of jazz torch singers to check out, but just heard something authentic and whole in this artist's voice and interpretation of this list of classics.  The voice needs training but the timing, heart and talent are definitely there and the accompaniment was on time, too.
What a great discovery! The Three Altos need to make more recordings! For those of us looking for music of substance by women who don't screech, this is the group for us! The spiritual nature, awesome harmony, and variety make this a welcome addition to my music collection.
Personally, I like EPs. There are generally enough songs to give an idea of what the band is like, but not enough to wear on your ears if the band truly sucks. Among the recent discs to grace my CD player is The Right Way, an EP from Sangamon, a quartet out of Champaign, Illinois, and it turned out to be a nice change of pace from the heavily doom-laden tracks I usually like to fill my October days.Unusually for most bands (that I've heard, anyhow), Sangamon uses piano as one of its major instruments, which lends this brief collection a somber tone. Most piano bands tend to aim toward majesty or minstrelry on the keys (Ben Folds, I'm looking at you), but Sangamon uses Shay Thiele's ivory skills sparingly and subtly, and it works for them. The eponymous first track is a nice uptempo rock bit that takes a wistful key from Thiele's vocals, and it serves as a good introduction. The second track, "Follow Me," is less interesting, but the mid-tempo ballad "Andy" and the darker "Running Out of Time," probably the best showcase of Thiele's piano playing (even if it does have a Tom Petty twang), nicely round out the EP.One frequent disadvantage to EPs, in my experience, was the recording mix; EPs often sound like they were recorded in bathrooms, garages and Aunt Millie's laundry room. True, that's often because they were, but the point is poor recording tends to suck the life out of all but the most energetic bands. Not a problem here; the boys of Sangamon benefit from a clean, professional mix, and it raises their sound a notch. Straight-ahead pop-accented rock may not be a groundbreaking genre, but it definitely has its place, and Sangamon definitely has the goods.
Somebody has to give this band a little love on Amazon. They are just too good for not having any reviews out there. These guys are the U.K. version of the Dap Kings. Check out Accra International Airport. If that is not a great horn riff I don't know what is.
when amii stewart dropped her classic cover of 'knock on wood', more than a few people wondered where she would go vocally. who would have ever thought she would have gone here.'friends' is a lovely, light jazz tune, well produced and beautifully performed with a unique sensuousness. although it has a release year of 1991, i remember the song from as early as 1978 or 1979. maybe this is a re-release that played on wnua stations across the country.
The mp3s are from a Spanish electronic fusion group not the Hesperion XX / Jordi Savali recording that is somehow erroneously linked to the mp3 offering. The Companyia Electrica Dharma rendering is interesting and nice to listen to but it's a 21st century interpretation not an attempt to render the original as the original. I like it but I wanted the Hesperion XX recording and the Amazon linking has confused the issue and resulted in misleading at least me into purchasing something that is not what I thought I was purchasing.
This is a great upcoming band. I first came across them when they were know as Mindwalk. Their version of Rush's YYZ was incredible, considering they were only 13 and 11 years old at the time. Now they have this EP of original music. A little older and still amazing on their instruments, it is a great cd of rock and prog rock songs.
I came across Alfonso doing a google search for Christian Electronica, and it is quite a challenge finding this niche group of artists. Needless to say Mr. Saadya appeared in the search results and after previewing a couple of tracks, I decided to grab "Last Call." Excellent production quality on par with secular artists, and definitely worth a listen. Christian artists in this genre are too few and far between. Keep doing your work for the Lord Alfonso, and continue being a blessing to his children.
Southern Soul session men may be the best in the biz, combining dynamic musicianship with a less is more approach. The Malaco Records house band backed the label's stars (Bobby "Blue" Bland, Little Milton, Johnnie Taylor, etc.) and became in demand for Pop icons like Paul Simon and Connie Francis.In 1995, Memphis engineer Danny Jones and B3 organ maestro Carson Whitsett recorded this set featuring Whitsett's first rate Malaco mates Don Barrett (bass, lead vocals) and guitarist Dino Zimmerman. They were joined by Country music keyboardist Gene Sisk and drummer Jimmy Hyde, who lends his gritty vocals to three of the album's nine vocal cuts.Besides the last track (Barrett) and the superb cover of the William Bell/Booker T. Jones Soul classic "I Forgot to Be Your Lover", all songs were written by Carson Whitsett, some in tandem with long time writing partner Dan Penn. Critical darling and cult figure in Blues circles Dalton Reed later recorded "They Say", while "Clean Slate", complete with perfect Whitsett organ solo, was later cut by Latin Soul man Coco Montoya. Other standouts include the funky instrumental "Backslidin'" and the epic "Smoke-Filled Room" which was also recorded by The Queen of New Orleans R&B;, Irma Thomas.
Easy to download and very nice music.  I always get good service and easy online ordering and receiving form this vendor.
Mortice features Bernie Shaw lead vocals Uriah Heep, Billy Rankin of Nazareth and John O'Leary of Gunslinger, this album features a mixture of styles from heavy metal to soft rock and is recorded like a modern day heavy metal album, if your expecting a Uriah Heep sounding album you'll be disappointed, but if your into good Hard Rock you'll like this album..
First, consider the price. Very cheap! Second, consider who is mixing this: Digitalism. Who could be better? The best, most cutting edge electronic dance sounds. Impress the people that matter by owning this fly mix.
I got this specifically to energize me when working out and it has done just that. I need music that I won't sing along to.
Music is just the right rythm when doing my work-outs and it is especially great to listen to when on the treadmill.
I like it. It's not something you'd listen to everyday, but it's fun occassionaly. I like the parisien flare.Good for a party.
Lital has a great sound i just discovered her music its is differant from the of the PoP music out there.  So check her out she will be at the top of the charts soon!  I would put this cd on your wish list she is awesome!
This chick has it all, from powerful lyrics to a belt-it-out voice. The melodies and rhythms of this artist will leave you breathless and waiting for more!
Amazing CD! Packed with brilliant songs and a unique style, LiTaL is the future of rock music. This band will change the world.
Very sexy and hypnotic vocals. Reminds me of Amy Irving(think Who Framed Roger Rabbit's version of Why Don't You Do Right)  The music is strangely depressing yet uplifting at the same time. Or perhaps that is just me.  Really like to relax and fall asleep to this album.  Anyone know if she has put out any more music besides this one? Would have rated this higher but the album insert didn't include any nudity.
I LOVED Julia Brown's first CD and waited years for her new work.  This CD is absolutely worth buying!  Buy two copies and give one to a friend!
Super-sounding tracks from the Mono Men. Still blasting out the hard-rocking beats but with a little more maturity with the lyrics and riffs!Only compalint is the title should be 20 Cool Ones with 10 more songs!
STYLELush enigmatic compositions and breathy female vocals. The music on Shimmer is consistently soft and sensuous - low light nocturnes and crepuscular dreamscapes with a touch of cinematic grandeur. Piano phrases tinkle across smooth synthetic pads and broad sweeping strings; chimes and bell trees glisten in the shadows and whilst flutes, harp-like arpeggios and various programmed sounds build beguiling secondary themes that entwine the primaries. There are plenty of intriguing effects adding to the mystery and theatre of the music - recordings of spoken voices, airy swishes and light peripheral embellishments. Amethyste's singing is delivered in very different ways across the various tracks - beautifully layered into warm choruses of silken oohs and aahs, crystal and clear when delivering her colourful lyrics, heavenly or haunting, whispery or operatic. There is no doubt about is this is a singer that enjoys using the whole range of her considerable talent. Her passion pours through some songs - the soaring 'Stay' streaming fluid crescendo after crescendo into blissful dreaminess, 'Wandering Flame' wordlessly drifting and ethereal, 'Entre Ciel et Mer' smooth and elegantly restrained.MOODShimmer has an attractive otherworldly air about it, something of the magic of warm nights and fairy tale places. Everything has a slight soft focus, a richness of sonic hue that adds to the impression of story book nostalgia. A melancholy wistfulness touches many of the recordings here - lifted by an angelic grace that keeps the mood generally uplifting, positive. The dynamic delivery ranges from the delicate beatless 'Desire D'Amour' where the whole tracks feels something like an extended gentle interlude to the dramatic breakbeat driven downtempo of 'Always Running'. Music to close your eyes to - in imitation of the cover imagery - fill your mindspace with the luminous clouds of a summer evening, the imaginary scents of dense woodland glades, the imaginative sounds of Amethyste's inviting fantasy.ARTWORKShimmer comes as a dark jewel case presentation. The imagery and text throughout are black and white with just the slightest of hints of colour. On the front is a tightly cropped photograph of the Amethyste herself, eyes closed, a single bejewelled tear sparkling on one cheek, enshrouded in swirls of hair and night black. Here and there a star twinkles in the background, among the thickly layered tresses, within the focal teardrop. On the reverse, another closed eye portrait, this time in profile, delicate patterns painted in curves and curlicues across the singer's skin. To the left track titles are footed by writing credits and website details. Within is an eight page booklet of strong glossy card adorned with evocative images created by Amethyste. A whole page inside is given over to generous thanks, the centre spread containing a poetic phrase in summary of each track set out over a picture of a huge white bloom and outstretched hand. Another double page layout holds a final shut-eye portrait with the words "Let your dreams shimmer through your life..." hanging in the darkness.OVERALLShimmer is the second Amethyste album and follow up to the 2006 release Ethereal. The disc comes via the relatively new Bulgarian label AMAdea and can be found along with its predecessor on CD Baby as well as a number of other current musical outlets. The music on Shimmer is composed and performed by German Gunnar Spardel who initially encountered vocalist Amethyste through the internet. Around 2006 the pair began to collaborate seriously, exploring a range of styles from trance to ambient. Although continuing to work with a variety of approaches the fourteen pieces here are all wrapped up in a similar mystique, a unifying vision of vivid hue and sonic chiaroscuro.WHO WILL LIKE THIS ALBUMShimmer is very much akin to the musical vision of similarly named Amethystium - the shared atmosphere is likely to attract many of the same listeners. There are elements of new age and chill out - but in reality Shimmer isn't really of either of these genres, rather the album resides within that field of romantic musical alchemy explored by such artists as Aria, Blue Stone and Ronan Hardiman. Why not have a listen at the official Myspace page.
Classic Graham. One of the voices of my generation. We really thought we could &#34;change the world&#34;. Talent that still rocks.
PLEASE!! Nobody could do "65 Love Affair" like the master - Paul Davis.  Amazon: Please get Davis's original version up here - I WILL buy if you post it here.  ;) That song sticks out on Amazon by virtue of its absence.
I love Kelly and her music is still in the formative stages of her development.  If she keeps growing in her work here as she did on DWTS, she will be a perennial CMA winner.  The quality of her voice and sound is great but I do believe so many of her songs start to sound alike.  I believe she has more versatility than what we hear on this album and I will look forward to hearing that in future works.  In the meantime, I could watch her dance every week!  Great talent, great young artist!
Loved seeing Acres around Atlanta in the 00's.  This album has some great music on it, but the songwriting is inconsistent, and while the performances are great in an abstract sense, the production is pretty cheezy.  Still, some fine power pop rock and fine music to which to mow the lawn.
great album.  i purchased it and listened to it all in one sitting.  this album does have a few filler tracks.  the opening track is probably the most gauging track.  i'll have to listen to this album again one day to fully give a better review.
It has been a LONG wait! Finally we see some "Sunshine". This is Ron Dante's fourth original album as "Archie" and few singers, possibly with the exception of Buddy Holly, sing about love and romance better than Dante. If a boy were trying to serenade a girl he is trying to date, Dante's would be the music he should sing.Dante does best with music with a positive upbeat and that, with the exception of one song, the upbeat is still very present in this album.Take for example a banjo. I remember Steve Martin on SNL once said that you cannot sing negative songs with a banjo and gave a demonstration. He strummed his banjo and sand "murder, and death, and pain, and sorrow" and, yes... it sounded awkward.Although the song "Summer Prayer for Peace" was a hit in South Africa,  the beat of the song is too somber and is a little out of place for this paricular album. It would have been better to release this song as a  single seperate from the album.John Lennon also did songs like this but in HIS case, not only was negativity his specialty, when he did an album, 90% of the entire album was negative, including his most famous album, "Imagine".Let's hope that if Dante returns to making albums on a regular basis, the positive thinking continues.
RadioIndy Reviews: "Reflection" is the impressive adult contemporary/easy listening debut that features the outstanding vocals of Melbourne, Australia's own Jennie Mortimer.  A student of vocal styling, Mortimer has a well disciplined voice great for Broadway and even Disney - in short,  she sounds fantastic.  This album features mostly easy listening and theatrical classics, with the exception of the improbable closer, a great easy listening variation on Evanescence's "My Immortal."  The arrangements are either reshaped into, or replicated as great classical, big band, and jazz compositions that perfectly match Mortimer's adult contemporary and musical theatre vocals.  "Reflection" is well-recorded, and the entire album sounds nothing but professional.  "You Took Advantage of Me" is a great take on a classic featuring great big band horns, jazz piano and drum, a smooth sax solo, and a great vocal performance.  "Luck Be a Lady" pays respect to the Guys & Dolls classic with an over the top theatrical arrangement, a nice beat, and another great vocal performance.  "Reflection" is really about the stunning vocals of Jennie Mortimer and while her tributes are great, she could sing just about anything and dazzle her audience.  Fans of adult contemporary, easy listening, and great female vocalists should definitely look into this album. [...]
Just saw McKinley's musical play, "Gracie and the Atom," at Portland's Artists Repertory Theatre. Had a great time, really enjoyed the musical numbers, especially the heartwarming "Our Lady Girl" and deliciously sacrilegious "Jock Walk."  I ran right out to the strategically placed CD sales table in the lobby and bought the disk, only to discover that it pared down the musical by removing all the book numbers and leaving only the music that might stand on its own as a single.  My faves weren't there, and neither were a half dozen other numbers.  It's not as though the problem was there was too much music for the CD, because the disk has only a half hour of music on it -- there was plenty of room for more.I guess the bright side is that for those of you who haven't seen the musical -- which, considering its regrettably low number of stagings, would include most people in the market for a CD -- this album contains a bunch of McKinley's pleasant, pop-ready songs, and no confusing numbers in which people you don't know establish motives you don't care about to advance the plot of a story you'll never be told.  This is good stuff, and if you like the samples, you'll enjoy the album.  The songs have additional resonance for the lucky few who have seen the musical.But you know what else would have additional resonance for the lucky few who have seen the musical?  The rest of the songs, that's what!  (And I would have thought at least "Jock Walk" would have stood alone well enough to merit inclusion here.)  Color me disappointed.  But music fans who like old-school female singer/songwriter stuff and who don't know what they're missing will enjoy this incomplete collection.
Man I really like these guys, they are extremely talented artists. "Say You Love Her", is hip-hop at it's best in my opinion, does not conform to any sort of mainstream standards in terms of sound or style. Quite the contrary, they definitely do their own thing, without sounding backpacker rap, or indie wannabe rap either. They are straight up artists, the two vocalists contrast one another perfectly. One of the two mc's has a sort of raw NYC style delivery, the other has a very progressive and original sound that is distinct and smooth. This album is a solid effort, nice beats, tight verses and solid hooks galore. I suggest you try and get your hands on some of their earlier work which I actually picked up at the library of all places. The Rotten Musicians sound may not be for everyone, though if you have eclectic tastes in music and hip hop I suggest you definitely check them out.
Great debut from one of Asia's gems. I hope that she continues to be really successful here in America.
Nigel George produces an inspirational album with "Our Colors Won't Run (Feat. President Obama)." A peaceful and patriotic message is encouraged within the beautiful and inspirational lyrics of this song. George's lyrics find pride in the colors of the United States Flag and each color symbolizes nationalism. George's vocal arrangement is sung with a smooth, lush style while the harmonies support the chorus in true R&B; style. Ingenious uses of Barack Obama speeches are on the first track, called "Our Colors Won't Run (Obama For America)" utilizing specific quotes that are cleverly meshed within the lyrics. "Our Colors Won't Run (No speech),"the second track, excludes Barack Obama speeches, but the message remains the same and the musical quality is not lost. "Our Colors Won't Run" is a motivating album depicting the need for people to unite as one, and fans of inspirational R&B; should definitely pick this one up.Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team
A warm, fresh take on Christmas favorites. It has the feel of friends gathered 'round the fireplace with their instruments, some warm brandy and a gentle snow falling outside.
If you need to relax to some acoustic guitar, this does the job perfectly.  It is enough to capture your attention without invading your brain.
Seems to me, this album has been misclassified as "adult pop".  Its target audience is the thoughtful working bloke (sorry, they sound British) who has a keen ear for a well written folk song.  Sounds like it ought to be picked up by fans of American and English folk music.  All the better if your politics are left of center, and let's face it, that is where most of the rest of the world lives.  Our own thinking is trending in that direction, now that we've learned the hard way how the Republican Revolution was nice for 1% of the US population but sent the other 99% down the economic toilet.  This is music for the next generation.
Remember all these songs so well.  On this particular album some of the songs do not sound like the original for example, in a godda divida. Overall a good collection of tunes.
I thought the mix of songs is a good combination to share with easy listening.  I would recommend to others.
Inspiring in music notes  good for those who love country ,will recommend for the young at heart and those who 's tired of profanity in music
Very good songs. I just wish that they werfe by the original artists. The singers are good on here but it is not quiet the same. I still liked it very much.
Country music gospel is the type that has a way of reflecting the past of most of America.simple in rhythm and easy toKeep time to .mostly a matter of heritage.
Jerad Finck's self-titled debut CD is a 12-song showcase for a newcomer with the discerning instincts of a pop-rock veteran. Whether delivering frantic, insistent rockers like "Another" or achingly delicate ballads "Movin' On," the CD is a model of pop balance and rock fire. While several tracks benefit from nuanced and deftly-charted string arrangements, the driving rhythm of "You" and the blistering guitar solo of "Whatever You Want" ensure that the rock in pop-rock gets its due. And with hooks as big as the great outdoors, combined with a solid, in-the-pocket rhythm section, "Jerad Finck" shows a power-pop sensibility that would make The Knack proud. Check out Finck's bold and utterly contemporary arrangement of "Paperback Writer" and you get a sense not only of Jared's craftsmanship, but also of the singer-songwriter's artistic confidence. Mainstream in its accessibility and sincerity, "Jerad Finck" is a pop-rock CD that is also original, honest, and a fine debut from a talented young performer.Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
An up and coming alternative/pop rock artist Jason Vigil and his latest album "Heart Gone Sober" is one you won't want to miss listening to. Vigil's vocals are powerful and strong while the band is pure and never overbearing. The entire collection has a great complementing mix between vocals and instruments while lyrics are exceptionally flowing.  In the title track "Heart Gone Sober," the lyrics present an appealing optimistic point of view. An acoustic performance, "Sad Month" is evidence of the talent of Vigil's solo performance. Vigil shows his ability to reach a higher vocal range in the beginning of "Come to Me" while the energy of alternative rock influence kicks in. If you like to listen to John Mayer or Matchbox 20 you will positively want to hear Jason Vigil's "Heart Gone Sober."Diane and [...] Reviewer Team
I'll offer another opinion to contrast with the reviewer who says this album is a One Hit Wonder. "I Tried" is a pleasant song with heartfelt lyrics. "Saying I Love You" was written by member Yeeun - a very good first song. Neither is intended to be a hit, rather to lend variety and balance to the several versions on this CD of their "Nobody" mega-hit.Honestly, I like the ballads Wonder Girls sing more than the big hits. Others you may like are: "This Time", "Wishing on a Star", "Take It" ... but my all time favorite is a song that goes by many titles - "Tears" (or Mianhan Maeum or It's Not Love or A Sorry Heart). Don't miss that one, Yeeun really sings her heart out on that!
"Island," a recently released album by Kirk Armstrong captures the relaxing ambience of soft rock and hints of country. As a one-man show, Armstrong really puts his musical talents to work. His vocals are soft and mellow and are able to glide through the phrasing of each melody. The harmonies are accurate and add flavor to the lead vocals. Solid snare drum hits keep the rhythm moving on "It's All I Ever Wanted" while the organ plays steady chord progressions. There is a nice incorporation of synth horns on "It Won't Matter," which play bouncy hits to this catchy upbeat tune. This album is well-produced, as the sound quality of both the vocals and instruments are clean and show great precision. Kirk Armstrong's "Island" is well worth hearing especially if you're a fan of musical groups such as the Eagles or Phil Collins.[...]
All the greats but...if you've been spoiled by all the covers of these great songs, you may be a bit disappointed.  These were recorded before the "wall of sound" effect became so popular. After hearing different versions with what sounds like a full orchestra backing them up, it sounded odd to listen to the original recordings with just a few basic instruments. But hey, if these songs weren't so great, there wouldn't be so many covers!
This is the first single from Korean group 2AM and their first single.  It is a slower, ballad style song with an accompanying instrumental and a more uptempo song on the single as well.  It comes in a booklet w/the single inside.  It has the 4 members of the group during recording of the song, photos of rehearsing and other things.  Nice collectible and a decent first single by them.
I had never heard of Beast before until one of the songs was offered as a free mp3. As soon as I listened to it I knew I had to have the entire album.The raw vocals of Betty Bonifassi and the groovalicious sounds of Jean-Phi Goncalves are unlike any that I've heard before. And not only are the sounds moving but the lyrics are well worth paying attention to. There is also very effective use of backup vocals - specifically a choir on Mr. Hurricane (which is my favourite track from the album)."If I can't make my eyes come back, I won't see where we went wrong...since you stole my arms and legs I've been rolling around on the floor..." - from Finger Prints, my second favourite on the album.I find it very difficult to compare them to any other band out there. She has some of the raw qualities of Tina Turner and early Alanis, but so far beyond either of them.Definitely preview Finger Prints and Mr. Hurricane, and if you like what you hear then get the whole thing. They also have a myspace page at: [...] if you want to check tour dates and listen to the rest of the tracks.
Lot's of energy and covers of songs from the 80's and earlier. Most amusing is the male vocalist with the fake French accent. Like Clouseau gone punk.
For a young band's first album, it's a firm foundation.  Many of the songs sound similar to one another and the lyrics leave a little to be desired at times, but the instrumentals for each song demonstrate extraordinary talent, and melodies are sound.  Guitarist/lead vocalist Jeremy sings well, but the standout tracks are the two that are duets with guest vocalist Seleste - "Empty Chicago" and "Lonely."  It's catchy, it's angsty, and it's loud - picture the offspring of Staind and Better than Ezra, I think. Recommended to fans of Goo Goo Dolls' faster stuff.
I've liked Jay Graydon since "Airplay" in the 70's so I expected this to be good, and it is. These guys run with the cream of the LA session musicians on a daily basis. That's why it's such a surprise that they elected to use MIDI drums and bass for this CD (a cost saving, I'm sure). While I really like the songs and the arrangements, I can barely stand to listen to the MIDI bass and drums - they make it sound like a crappy demo with amazing overdubs. I'm hoping Jay and Randy see fit to come back and let some of their LA session guys re-do the drums and bass - that would make this CD a five star winner.
Scene 29 is worth a listen.  The lyrics, the chords and harmonies are clever.  The arrangements are simple, which is what you can expect from two musical geniuses casually creating is a home studio.  The musical structure definitely invokes Becker and Fagen, but without their obsessive polish.  If you expect Steely Dan, you will find this offering a bit thin.  If you take it on its own merits, you will be entertained.  This is a fun collection of jazzy songs with wicked guitar solos.  Enjoy.
If you have ever heard of the band, Sister Hazel, then you've heard Ken Block before.  Ken Block is the front-man (if one had to be chosen)of the group.  For years and through multiple albums, they have been creating FAN-tastic, age-spanning, feel-good music for the masses...just on a smaller scale.  I happened upon them back in the early 2000's (I think) at a local concert venue in my area.  They were so good, I ended up seeing them in concert again on 4 or 5 occasions...one of which was a two day festival!Beyond the great music, they support many different causes and hold events supporting various charities, thus utilizing their fame to help others!  (Check out the 'Rock by the Sea' music event as well as the 'Rock the Boat' cruise!)Rock out to the first solo album by Ken Block, and seek out the Sister Hazel albums that came before.  You don't know what you're missing!
I was amazed at just how good this album is. The lyrics are very clever and tell a story. I love the way he uses his vocals as a true instrument. Sometimes an artist puts out an album that only has a few redeeming songs, but in the case of drift, every song is excellent lyrically and musically. The music is very good- a solid album that I truly enjoy listening to. I would go out of my way to hear him live.
I'm glad I discovered this album. I almost feel a little bad that I'm getting it for free because it's such good music. Ken's voice is great. This is my first review on Amazon and I'm leaving one because I really think you should support this artist and I really enjoyed the music.
I always check the free downloads because you never know what great new music one might find, and BAM; I found Ken Block. A really great find. Although; he's listed with Sister Hazel, and is being compared to counting crows; I thought he had a more Tom Petty kind of sound. That Rock/Country sound he does (but without the whiney voice of Petty). A good combination of music and lyrics makes "Drift" a winner in my book.
This CD has cought me off-guard.  I was ex[ecting maybe 1 decent song and the rest throw-aways (because it was a free download)..Man was I wrong,  this CD has like 6 good songs and no throw-aways.  This is a change of pace for me music wise but I really enjoy the sound (kind of a cross between Tom Petty and Hootie and the Blowfish).  If you get the chance, take a chance on this CD.
Band's third record - first released in 1976. I have to say that for a jazz rock CD reissue 'Dr. Aftershave' is actually quite good. Tunes I got the most out of were "Miles All Along The Watchtower", the intricate "Morning Sun", the ten-minute inspiring "Nothing Again" and my favorite off the disc - the almost Jethro Tull-like "Patscha Menga Underground". Saw a couple of familiar names as guest players - Christian Burchard (Embryo) and Roman Bunka (Embryo, Dissidenten).
This was the last by this band which started more as a psychedelic rock / proto prog band and eventually moved more and more into jazz/rock (starting with the McCoy Tyner influenced 'Gorilla' cover album). By 78 they were friends of Embryo (another German jazz rock group with HEAVY ethnic influences and probably the most famous Kraut underground band in the 70s) and there is an influence from that band here (this was, after all, recorded on the Embryo Schneeball label). The results are, to my ears, a much more focused band which by now were composing and playing much better than before. This album is in the jazz rock fusion mold which does not really sound like Mahavishnu, Return to Forever or Weather Report. It is as if they still had a foot on jazz and then rocked the tunes to give them a great energetic feel. Great flute and keys playing. As i mentioned the tunes are very well composed and interesting (try the mp3 samples). Great to see this available... something i thought i would never see!
I like easy listening instrumental music.  This is one of the better selections I made lately, there are a series of Instrumental Memories available.
Love the song, Sinatra had a great voice and a lot of good arraingements.Not the version I was looking for. No loss.  Glad to have it among my mp3 collection.
Back in the1980s I heard these guys live in performance and bought a copy of this album from them; that copy has become rather worn so I am glad to have a digital copy.  Good performances of mostly standard Celtic fare.Lady From Bendigo has special sentimental value for me and my wife, because I played it to her during our courtship.
As a trop rock junkie, I like John. When you write songs about the beach, salt water, drinking and partying... how bad can it be?
I love how this music calms my mind and senses, and actually puts me on relax mode.  =)  I even use it during reading session.
Enemynside is an excellent progressive yet classic sounding thrash metal band from Italy.  If this was 1988 and they were touring in the US they would get HUGE!!!  Their sound is classic Metallica meets Shadows Fall.  The vocals are clean and the lyrics good, but they truly stand out with their composition and musicianship.  Many tempo changes, breakdowns, galloping and riffing.  Their previous album was crushing as well but this one is better produced.  I wish them success and would hope that the US metal scene gets a taste of them soon![...]
I don't know much about Billie Holiday and was looking for a starter.  I was very pleased with this collection.
Many different sounds and vibes. They feel no pressure from big labels to conform. If you're looking for Pop love songs etc this isn't for you. If you like out of the box thinking artists I'd check them out.
Young and highly talented solo female artist Aisha releases her self-titled debut EP featuring soft acoustic pop music with artistic compositions. This gifted musician/songwriter showcases her vocal talents with sweet and delicate flair. Her articulation is polished and mature with lyrics that are pure and genuine. "Part of Me" exhibits great vocal range and the great control she has of her voice. "Shine" as an acoustic version is dreamy and gentle with strings and piano gracefully introducing the song. The radio mix of "Shine" showcases a bright and crisp piano and builds to a full band arrangement with an upbeat tempo. The CD features crystal clear production, as each instrument is well mixed with clean clarity that captures the essence of this style of music. "Aisha" features a wonderful collection of songs while introducing a gifted artist and is a CD well worth hearing.[...]
I have always been a Jamie Walters fan!! I have his other two CDs and his cut from The Heights CD. I really feel like people are missing out on this talented singer and songwriter. His music and voice put me in a relaxed mood and many of his lyrics really have his personal and unique stamp on them. I would highly recommend starting out with his other two CDs first (find here:Jamie Walters JAMIE WALTERSandRide Jamie Walterswhich will build your appreciation for him. The more you listen, the more you LOVE it!! This follow up CD has a slightly different feel but still worthy of a place on my Mp3 player and I've been enjoying it so far!!
I knew Johnny Cymbal in NY back in the day, but did not keep up with his career after he moved to LA and then Nashville.  Checking out all of these previously unreleased recordings was a revelation.  Clearly he had become a top notch "country" songsmith and singer during the late 80's and early 90's--the period from which this CD was garnered.  Though the proudction values on some are questionable, none of the material is less than impressive.  Two volumes make up this compilation which documents his work during the last few years of his life. There are some great songs and some excellent recordings. Check it out--I own it and I like it.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that some of the recording quality is imperfect.
I originally purchased this album via digital download on accident.  I thought it was a different band with the same name.  I was not disappointed though!  This lead singer has a really amazing voice!!!  I am glad that I stumbled across this band, I will definitely be looking for more of their stuff in the future.
Not bad at all, some nice guitar, pity the harmonies in Night Together aren't a third above and 5th below, the lead is in there, and the drumming on Cloud should be more like the original... the signature fills are not there constantly. Needs to be more beefy/echoy. Apart from that... nice!
Nice collection for the price.  If you like it, DO NOT get it from Amazon.  I Downloaded it 3 days ago and am still trying to find its parts splattered throughout my computer somewhere.  Have not yet figured out how to get it into my Media Player where it should have gone to begin with (I listen to it through playlists and shortcuts on my desk top).  Still waiting for them to call me as I requested.  They use the cloud to do it but I think their heads are in those clouds.
We all need different things from music at different times. I equate radio listening to freshening life's breath, chewing a piece of gum to cure  boredom, fatigue, even cover up the stink.A live show, put on by a serious artist and musician like Laura Thomas, is something else altogether. It's less a product, and more a thick, messy charged and beautiful act of human sharing.Thomas's heartache, anger, and commitment to life's double-edged swords are all carved out of emptiness with her amazingly elastic Southern voice, birdlike one moment, big, brassy and deep the next, then straight, then warbly, then whispering, then pure.The songs range from dissonant and hard ("It's Like Love," "Blazer," and "Fu**** Together,") to purely sad ("Why") to Aretha-like soulful ("Hold Me"). That last one I had on repeat for over an hour.Her act is brave, courageous and original, a force meriting your full attention. This is art, not audio gum.Replays of the album etch songs deeper and deeper, rewarding you with the consistent surfacing of new images, more acute and illuminating than some of the best contemporary poetry. You may find your own voice amplifying anthems you would never have chosen for yourself. I wouldn't condone "At least we're f***** together," as my life philosophy, but it sure felt good to belt it out with Thomas.An album worth many listens - and pouring over the lyric sheet.
What can one say about love songs, you either love them or not.  Many of the songs bring back happy memories I share with the one I love.  They are classic and having various artists on this CD helps keeps the mood going.
What an interesting mix of songs, from Ray Charles to Marilyn Monroe! Not a bad song in the bunch. What else is there to say?
I used to buy all kinds of Bass Music but it seemed like alot of The Bass Pioneers have split.  Well I always have been a far of Bass Music and this I am going to order.
The sounds of the late 1960's psychedelic movement are still alive and well! Don't believe us? Well, just listen to "Note-ified" the latest release by Mike Ringler and you may reconsider your answer. The CD opens with that staple fuzz guitar tone on the song "You Can Shine," a track that also features vocal work very reminiscent of The Byrds and Buffalo Springfield. Ringler also delves into the British sounds made popular by The Beatles and The Hollies with songs such as "Hope" and "We Know You're Right." There is also an excellent guitar solo on "Words Through Time," which has a cool Moody Blues effect to it. All in all, "Note-ified" screams of "flower power" and is a great album for any fan of that wildly colorful era.[...]
Love Kats voice. Surprisingly powerful pipes. Not usually my kinda music but Kat wins you over. Great album by a talented artist.
Rock Paper Dynamite's second EP reveals the beginning of their change in sound that will lead to the great EPs Railroads and I've Seen Days.  She's A Pleaser highlights these selections and remains a crowd pleaser at their live shows
This is a great selection of Leroy Anderson's work, a somewhat ignored composer. However, I found in this CD the same problem I found with other Jelani Eddington productions: the notes seem to be fused to one another and the choices of voices and effects lack originality. For some reason, he seems to have a hard time playing clean, crispy notes. I find Jelani's style not as pleasant and exiting as those of Bill Vlasak, Phil Kelsall, Tom Hazleton and others. Although I do listen to this CD from time to time, there is always something lacking that does not make the experience fully enjoyable.
Releasing their debut disc, "The 13th Generation," The Diviners stir up some artistic arrangements of pop/rock tunes. The chemistry between this four piece group is tight and shows they are a focused ensemble. This is a well produced album as you can hear the balance between the polished vocals and instruments. Keeping time to a steady beat "Heads & Tails" is a straight forward song with strong, solid guitar hits. "Mechanical" is just one song demonstrating the great harmonies this group can dish out. Easy flowing and hypnotic, "Soft" is complemented by soft strings while the lyrics are inspiring. If you're a fan of Coldplay or Snow Patrol you will definitely want to add "The 13th Generation" to your CD collection.Diane and the [...] reviewer team[...]
Full disclosure:  I'm one of Joan's biggest fans.  I won't say she can do no wrong, but I will admit that I love at least three quarters of her output over her entire, long career, including much of her most recent material.  She has returned to her roots with 2008'sDay After Tomorrow, after experimenting with various musical styles over four decades.  She is now championing the talents of younger singer/songwriters, and unfortunately, not writing very much herself (I'm one who considers her a fine songwriter).Now comes this really fun departure into the land of world music, reggae and dub -- a totally unexpected surprise, and I think, pretty successful.  I'm not familiar with other work by Rocker-T, but I do like this dance floor-oriented number, and its variations; it's fun and catchy, and captures Joan in truly unusual setting, for her, anyway -- however, this is a political, anti-war song at heart, so in this respect, Joan is in comfortable territory.  Enjoy!
For those looking for Shannon's original work, a better MP3 purchase would be "Let The Music Play (Re-Recorded / Remastered)", it has a great remastered sound to all the tracks.This collection stand on its own, however, by the tremendous influence that Shannon's dance track had on future hard trance and techno pop. Looking for precise Shannon vocals on this collection misses the point, this is a showcase on how "Let the Music Play" influenced these various DJs. Standouts are the Bit Crushers, Macutchi, Andrew Fonda, and the collaboration between Thee-O and Swedish Egil. (Also Sacha's remix has a cool synth sound.)Let your imagination play, and it won't get away!
Was glad to see this up here and glad to see Shannon is still alive and kicking.  This is a classic party song and it sounds as good now as it did back in the day.  Some of the remixes here are better than others, but that really depends on your taste.  I especially enjoyed the Swedish Egil remixes.
1. It Doesn't Matter What You Look Like2. Make Me A Servant3. He's Got Everything Under Control4. Take Care Of Your Parents5. Clap Your Hands/Make A Joyful Noise6. I Could Give Him Love7. God Our Friend Medley8. Kids Under Construction9. Sing and Praise Medley10. My Father's Angels11. God's Way12. That's When The Angels Rejoice13. Do You Dare?
With style reminiscent of John Denver and a heart for worship, Bill has been blessed with the gift of song.  His voice is pure and unaffected...at times soaring, at times intimate.  "This Heart of Mine", "Mom's Song", and "Come Into My Heart" are worth the price of the whole album.
I attended this show and wanted to have a copy of the music.  The memories fo the show are better than the recording but still a nice bit of personal history.
This release contains the lion's share of two shows. The first is from Wednesday May 10, 1978 at the New Haven Coliseum in Connecticut and the second from Thursday May 11, 1978 at the Springfield Civic Center Arena in Massachusetts. Many people seem to really like these two shows but I find them to just be okay. The sound quality suffers from a "Boom Box" feel and has a heavy thud. I have a hard time getting this to sound good on my stereo and it's hard to adjust the volume just right. Add to that, the mix isn't very good and really feels off. Bob's slide playing is way loud in the mix while Keith is nearly non existent. All in all, I've only played this a handful of times since it was first released in 2002.Some of the performances are very good such as Cassidy, Peggy-O, Let It Grow->Deal, Stella Blue and a few others but some of the jams I find a little flat. The Other One intro starts off nice but by the time they get around to actually playing to song, it's lost it's energy. Scarlet->Fire doesn't really have any jamming and is kept short unlike quite a few from this era that are nicely stretched out. Most of the jamming on these shows is confined to the Drums segments. The vocals are also off sometimes badly during these shows. I understand that the band was tripping heavily the second night anyway and these shows have achieved somewhat legendary status in Dead lore. Ironic, considering that this showcases what a lot of people consider to be some of the worst traits of '78 with Bob's slide, rough vocals, Donna screeching, sometimes sloppy transitions, little Keith and somewhat flat playing. If you like it, great but for me there are moments of greatness to be found but there's so much better from this era widely available elsewhere.
I prefer a whole show start to finish but these shows were done close together time wise and geographically and reflect the best of both shows, New Haven CT and Springfield MA.  My sister and some friends were actually at the New Haven performance live.
I am jonesin' on '78 lately - and it all started with a SBD recording of 5/14/78 that someone on Deadnet/Archivedotorg/or Deadhook turned me onto...HOLY SCHNIKES! 4 stars here b/c the band must have required just a little more percolating before producing that monster (which is one of my top 20).  But DP 25 still carries a similarly strong flavor, accentuated by a particularly tasty - actually, downright EPIC - Let It Grow, not to mention the savory balance of openers (MS 1/2 Step/Cassidy/TLEO).  Heck, these shows are fantastic and from a terrific Spring run that has a slightly different - jazzier? brawnier? less polished, yet almost equally bodacious? - feel than the legendary period about a year before from February through early June 1977 (You thought it was all May? - check out 2/26/77 (good SBD out there)).  Buy it (DP 25, that is).  I promise you'll love it.  If not, I'll eat a turnip....and I hate turnips.  Peace/Katie
Not typically a big fan of '78 -- always felt like it's a '77 fallen off; but it still has a lot of amazing shows, though, just seems the consistency is not as solid as years prior.But with that said, this show is solid throughout. Sound quality is superb. Highlights for the show include the Let it Grow and it's segue into Deal.Can't believe nobody has reviewed this yet. I'd check it out. Def. one of my favorite dick's picks of late. Donna do some crazy howling, though....
If you like the dead,you'll love this cd,jerry and the boys were rocking on this one I miss Jerry god bless you
I have just gotten into the grateful dead recently. This album was recommended to me by a coworker. I would recommend this album to anyone who is on the fence about the grateful dead. This onto the dead head side of the fence. Great album
The latest from Ms. Kristin Korb features more of her excellent upright bass and fantastic vocal performance. This release covers several American songbook standards in Kristin's own unique and original arrangements (check her smoldering take on Ain't Misbehavin') as well as a couple of new songs you haven't heard. KJAZZ in LA has been playing Tears of the Sun with its Cuban syncopation. Give a listen to the samples and you'll know if this groove is for you. Fun stuff.
I like these songs, I know, that might make me a bit more than strange, but, well, it's who I am. Good songs, good fun.
Others who attempted to license these songs had great difficulty, nearly impossible to. Even Collectables offered one hit, but "ripped" from a 45 single, for CD. I accidentally found this on Amazon, by pure luck! Surprised it's a 2009 release, but no sign who published it (binary files only). Around the Philadelphia area, Billy had about a half dozen worth of hits, recognized internationally, too. Mastering, at first glance, sounds poor, but I can fix it up. First time to hear "She's Almost You", in Stereo. Thanks, whoever!
I heard Sally Sain' Somthin' the other night crusing through Fort Lauderdale. OMG...High school...Philly 1968... deja vu. He will be indelibly side-by-side in my brain with Russell Thompkins and the Stylistics- good or bad.So where has Billy Harner been all these years? Shirley, with a voice like that we could expect more from him (and don't call him Shirley). Also just who is Billy Harner? No wiki, little to no googlebility. Inquiring minds want to know!
let me preface my review and say i am not a huge alt rock fan. Project H's album is a very solid piece of work there is so much energy in their music that even if you are not a fan of their style of rock you may find your self getting their songs stuck in your head.  If you are a fan of alt rock music i have no doubt that you will love Project H's music. I give their album 4 stars since this is not my favorite genre and 5 stars if you love this genre.
I adore this album, I bought it at a little art store in Sacramento when it first came out when I was walking around midtown Sac during the Second Saturday Art Walk.I wanted to make a correction: it was released in 2007, not 2009.
Musician extraordinaire, Jonny Boston, shines on his newest disc, "Boston Manor." Don't let the common Boston theme throw you, Jonny hails from London not Massachusetts and his writing style very much reflects his native area. "Boston Manor" sounds like a record that any top notch jazz singer would have put out, but with an English accent to boot. Hints of that genre can be found on songs like "Star" and "Hold Your Head Up High." There are also some hints of The Beatles on "Ocean Breeze," with its playful melody and great organ work. Not to be out done by his fantastic band, Boston Tea Party, Jonny is also a magnificent saxophonist and it shows. Pick up "Boston Manor" if you find yourself craving some classic jazz or another great British import.[...]
love love love this band. while these songs don't measure up against Smoke From ADistant Fire, I still can't get enough of Johnny Townsend. I think if they had used the same producer as  SFADF, the songs would be better.
Overall I liked this bit of music - a few of the songs I was not a big fan of.  Too much autotuning on a few songs so I had to tune them out.  Others are very good and make this a worthy purchase.
I bought this show back in 2006 off of Dead.Net in FLAC format and I still believe that this can be bought at Nugs.Net in that format. As for the show itself it's pretty good although I think I still prefer all the other '77 releases over this one. The first set is quite good starting with The Music Never Stopped and including songs like Bertha, It's All Over Now, Deal, Peggy-O and Mississippi Half-Step Uptown Toodeloo. The second set features good versions of Scarlet Begonias->Fire On The Mountain, Firend Of The Devil and a jam of Saint Stephen->Not Fade Away->Stella Blue->Saint Stephen->One More Saturday Night. There's even bonus filler here from the night before at the same venue, Scarlet Begonias->Goin' Down The Road Feeling Bad. This is a good show but with all the other '77's shows, this one, for me anyway, pales somewhat in comparison as the show never seems to rise above good. There's not really much here that I would call bad but nothing is really a standout either.
this show is the week before the historic early may run[new haven..boston..barton hall.. buffalo] which is considered by many as the dead's finest hour..it is an interesting release from our friends controlling the vault. i like to try and pick why they release what they do.....some obvious high point or special occasion, which makes the show somehow memorable. here it must be the quality of the playing, which is superb. even donna sounds fabulous.!! that said, i found this show to be very laid back and mellow ..it was like getting a show from 73 in 77..[except for mickey's "heavy" sounding drums].i like it... but it is different from any other release i have heard from 1977 and has few similarities to the shows that next week. this show is softer sounding while the others are powerful !!! so this one is recommended if you want some variety in your 77 collection or if you are a fan of mellow dead.....
This is one of those shows that took a few listens before I developed an appreciation for it. Upon the first listen, I thought it sounded strange. This show comes from the Vince/Bruce era, but at first I didn't realize that Bruce (piano) was present as he is really low in the mix for much of the show. In contrast, Vince (keyboards) spends most of the show being mixed a little too high, plus, he is favoring a peculiar accordion-like sound. It's the type of sound that might go well on a single tune, but is somewhat overdone when used on several tunes. Phil is very much driving the band & is prominent in the mix, but not distractingly so - as a bass player I actually like this. "Birdsong" is a nice addition to the set, as well as "Watchtower". The aforementioned accordion-like effects on Vince's keys actually sound really good on "Iko". Personally, I can do without 30 minutes of Drums/Space, and I sometimes find myself hitting the skip button for those.  Despite some oddities with this recording, overall I do like it, and I find myself enjoying it more with each listen. It's not a show that I would recommend to the uninitiated, but it's fun for those of us Deadheads who want to hear something that's a little different, but still Dead ;)
I'm normally not that into the later era of the Dead. Maybe I just haven't heard the "right" shows, but most of what I've heard from 86-95 pales in comparison to earlier material. Having said that, I went into listening to this '88 show with low expectations. As another review has pointed out, the mix in "Iko Iko" is a little bit off, but it is quickly corrected. Overall, I was surprised at how much more I enjoyed listening to this show than I thought I would. I've returned to this one a few times already, and I have no qualms in recommending it :)
When I first  started listening to the first set opener Iko I was not impressed. I thought the mix was muddy and the levels were not set right. By the time they get into Rooster (song 2) things start sounding good for the rest of the show. I think they were still adjusting the mix during the first song. All in all a good show and good sound quality with Jerry doing a few trademark mumbled lyrics here and there.
Let's face it, there's great Dead and there's iffy Dead. They didn't exactly hit grand slam homers every night they were on stage. And these shows were from a time when Jerry wasn't exactly at his best. All things considered though, this collection has some pretty great tracks. What's really remarkable though is the quantity of the collection. You get two nights of shows and they're pretty long sets. I've launched this album on my iPod at the beginning of a work day and haven't ever gone all the way through it.Although most of the tracks from these two shows are pretty good, I have to point out one truly remarkable track (not the good kind of remarkable though). It's truly the worst thing I've ever heard them do:Track #19: Hey Jude (2:39).I assume this was kind of an after thought, because it doesn't sound rehearsed and it's not in the right key for any of the guys. It comes at the tail end of a solid Dear Mr. Fantasy from Brent. You can tell Phil is trying to prop it up, but the rest of the guys just blow it. Listen to the preview. It sucks worse than words can describe. Worst...Dead...Ever!Other than that, it's two nights worth of decent sets. The playlists were very well put together and they did a decent job on most of the songs. There's a really nice run of Estimated Prophet / Crazy Fingers / Uncle John's Band. That's good stuff, and it pretty much makes up for the sucky Hey Jude. :)
While this show is great and the sound quality is good enough, there are some issues.  First, the opening song of Promised Land is missing.  Second, this particular show ends with Ramble On Rose.  The rest is filler from the following night's show and possibly another show.  GDTRFB starts somewhere in the middle.  At one point Bobby says "goodnight" to the audience, and then we have a bunch more songs.  So it is somewhat misleading for Amazon to list these as coming from 7/21/72 in Seattle.  But other than that it is a very good show.  I found it interesting where Bobby tells the crowd that Pigpen is too ill to perform and will be out for at least a few more months.  Sadly, he would never perform again and died within a year.
This is a great show.  Not a lot if heavy long jams (which are cool too, mind you).  The playing is so tight- Keith just fits right in and provides a nice backdrop for the songs.
music is great but the notes must have been written by someone from Chicago, Indiana or from Philadelphia, New Jersey
another superb release from 1973 highlighting the jazzier style the band developed at this time.[although just a little on the short side]. a some what stripped down version, with just one drummer and donna out on maternity leave..the first part could be called the kieth godchaux show as his piano is featured out front in the mix;;he is playing with alot of confidence here and it sounds great..1973 showcases a music style which is radically different from the earlier years when pigpen sang his blues based tunes...their sound here is softer edged almost acoustic and very laid back..garcia was busy around this time with several side projects that show nicely his musical interests including his work with merl saunders and the keystone sessions;; he was also doing some of his, old and in the way, stuff around this period of time.i think all this influenced the evolution of garcia's music and the bands sound throughout 1973.the set list features most of the short to mid length tunes from the early 70s,,,all played very well,,,there are only 2 long jams;; a great, playing in the band,,and one of my favorite, eyes of the world.. some really nice releases came out of this period;if you like this style of dead,try d.p.#1,d.p.#14,d.p.#19, and the winterland box from 73,which are some of my favorites!!
I don't understand Russian, so my appreciation of Andrey Gubin's pop songs is based solely on the sound of his voice and music, and not on the meaning of the lyrics.  That said, I find many of his songs highly enjoyable. "Vremya romantikov" is the album which currently has the most songs of his, and so it gives the best value.  This album contains the two songs which are my top favorites of his, "Zima-holoda" and "Zabitij toboj"; I think those songs are really great, even without lyric comprehension.
This show is from Feb. 4, 1970 - NOT July 4, 1970.  Great show, but get your date right.  the Dead played NO show on July 4, 1970.
great release from a famous venue in san francisco which hosted many big names of the time including , jeff. airplane, quicksilver, commander cody, big brother  as well as the dead and many others. this download features selections from several dates which really highlights the 3 singers and their respective segments of the show ;; pigpen,, jerry and bobby..to my ears pigpen is the strongest vocally followed closely by jerry then bobby..not a knock, just sayin'....hard to handle, midnight hour, and good lovin are the 3 best songs here, all sung by pig...hard rockin,,prime pigpen,;; which really defines the sound of the band from 69-70, although black peter is sung beautifully by jerry....the china //rider,and the st. stephen//nfa// st. stephen jam are excellent as well.....can't overlook billy, mickey and phil's contribution here as they lay down a smokin' groove throughout..this cd is a nice example of 1970 dead,, 4 1/2 stars really. enjoy!!
On Friday January 16, the Dead played Springer's Inn in Portland Oregon and returned on Sunday the 18th. This release features all but one song from that entire performance. The show includes cool versions of Cold, Rain And Snow, the only played for a couple of months Mason's Children, a great early Black Peter, China Cat Sunflower->I Know You Rider and a fairly long Turn On Your Lovelight. While not my favorite show of the year, there's some really great stuff on here and it fits on a single disc. I bought this years ago off Dead.Net in FLAC format which I think can still be bought at Nugs.Net.
nice release from springers inn showing exactly what the boys could do on a good night..the cd starts off alittle slow;;there is a groovy , masons children, then, a sweet ,black peter,,jerry sings beautifully.  the rockin really kicks into gear with one of the best early, good lovin',,your ears will ever enjoy!!! man....pigpen really whips everyone into a frenzy. billy, mickey and phil lay down a hellacious groove and jerry's guitar playing is awesome.!!also cool that we have the 2 keyboard version of the band here with both pig and t.c.! other highlights, a firey early china cat/rider,,,really hot...then finish up with a turn on your lovelight that will get you on your feet and leave it on....would be 5 stars if the show started as hot as it ends...  update 4/27/13 ...  this show was right between the 2 shows that will make up daves picks #6
This is a very clean show with a great set-list coming from the newly formed Brent Midland era. Jerry's vocals are pretty clean and he's in fine, energetic form throughout the disk.  A cool think is the vocals appear to be on a completely separate track, therefore you get an isolated, and very true sound of Bob and Jerry's vocals - rather unique.  One issue is the way the disk was produced. It takes out 2-3 seconds at the finish of each song with cuts right into all transitions which is dissappointing. Other than that, a very fine recording of a great show.
I never heard of Megumi Okutsu, but Mirai turned out to be pretty good. Hurray for preview clips. I'm more of a KOTOKO man, but Amazon doesn't have anything like that. Mrs. Okutsu will have to do.
Almost all the songs were good but a couple not so good. Four of them rated a five star rating. For the price of $3.99 I'm completely satisfied.
I never know about buying something I've never tried, heard, etc., but this is a beautiful album.  Too bad the cover picture doesn't look like it's going to be good quality.  I just couldn't resist the songs listed!
Cornelia is an artist with a musical canvas as opposed to a musician attempting to make art. Because her music is essentially art music it can be difficult to classify but for the attentive and musically literate listener there is another layer of pleasure in Cornelia's music that is often missing from the typical pop standard. This is good.The strongest song in this mini-collection is by far "Still You Pour It over You". The lyrics are engaging, which is not always the case with Cornelia; more importantly the composition to this tune is fantastic. The whole song is a olio of eastern musical effects such as drone combined with hip-hop/rap beats poured over by the reedy even ethereal voice of the singer herself. This song works both at a mental and emotional level.Unfortunately, this foray into rap doesn't serve her so well on the other three songs. The singers voice in "Everything" is totally dominated by the bass beats and while the collaboration with Tahiti of @AwkQuarius (I think) on the song "Livin' It Peach" is intriguing it doesn't live up to expectations for the same unavoidable reason: Cornelia voice simply doesn't have the texture to carry off this style of music. The songs are decent enough both from a sonic and from a compositional point of view; artistically they are unconvincing, even silly, as the Bjork wanna-be swan pose illustrated on the CD cover.In A&R; it's sometimes spoken of an artist's need to find their voice. Cornelia's has a voice both literally and figuratively. It seems to me she has the unusual problem she doesn't know what quite what to do with it. There is no underlying artistic vision. She reminds me of giant albatross above the currents of the world's oceans, but rather than soaring in delight wanders aimlessly. If I were to rate the artist I'd give Capsule five stars but if I were to rate this on actual execution I'd give it three. So four stars it is as a compromise. Cornelia is worth listening to and Capsule is worth buying more from an enticing expectation than a gorging fulfillment.
I discovered Jonathan Coulton's music about a year ago and have been hooked ever since.  Although I previously downloaded many of his songs, I happily purchased this one as well.  If you're just starting to get into his music this album is a great one to buy because it plays like a 'best of' and contains his best known songs.  Although the concert versions are understandabily not as high of quality as those recorded in the study, I really enjoy the arrangements and find some of them (like Mr. Fancy Pants) to be even better than the original studio versions.  It's also a great CD to buy if you saw him in concert and want to relive the experience.That said, all of the songs here are available on other albums or on his website so if you're not interested in hearing another arrangement of the material it may not be worth the purchase.  However, my experience is that the arrangements are just different and fresh enough that it's worth it for me, particularly as a big fan.
I love Jonathan Coulton songs, and so I picked this up. i didn't read the description and thought &#34;Best concert Ever&#34; was just a catchy name. But this is all live versions of his songs. I don't like live versions, but I still love the songs so it still gets a 4 star.
I like every song on this album, except perhaps "Tom Cruise Crazy." There are a lot of comedic singers out there, but many of the songs on this album could stand just as well sans humor given his obvious musical talent and great singing voice. I'd love to see him release another album with serious songs.I'll admit that a number of songs took a few listenings to grow on me, but some of those are now my favorites on the album like "I Crush Everything."The DVD video of his San Francisco live performance, the same one where the audio CD was recorded, was a really nice extra, especially for the price.There are quite a few inside jokes in the songs that you just won't get unless you are a gamer or a software developer. The video explains a number of them, but I still feel like I need to play my way through Valve's Portal to understand the whole "Cake" reference and "Still Alive." Still, there is something for just about every taste, especially Zombie fans in "Re: Your Brains", which should be the new Halloween anthem.
If you are a Johnathan Coulton Fan you already know how great He is. This a live Concert recording and so some of the songs are slightly different then you might be used to.Little Kids warning, some of the lyrics are not kid safe.
I've been following Mark Read's career since his days in the British Boy-band A1, and when they split several years ago, the other three members quickly realigned themselves as solo artists; but Mark, arguably the most talented as both a songwriter and perfomer, took a back-room approach to his post-A1 career, writing and producing songs for other artists, and only occasionally popping up in a club to do is own performing.  But now, in 2009, here comes Mark's debut solo album "Peace At Last" and I hope that it gets some attention from pop music fans.  Mark's writing is filled with powerful, Beatle-esque hooks, soaring choruses, and strong, confident vocals.  Favorite tracks for me include "Cat Out Of The Bag", "Lie To You", "Fallen From Grace", "Make Sense of It All", "Last Kiss" and more.  This is a very confident, smooth album - the only reason I knock off a star is that I heard some of the earlier, rougher takes of some of these songs on Mark's MySpace page, and actually prefer the earlier, tougher sound to the more polished ones that eventually turned up here (especially the first version of "Cat Out Of The Bag") - but this is still a great album - and I hope the first of many - don't take so long with the next one, Mark...
Very unique and authentic sound. The highlight of the album is probably Fable, but the rest of the tracks are consistently good.
The first song I ever heard from this guy was "That Moon Song" and I heard it on The Wake Up Sets on SiriusXM's station The Loft.  The host of that morning show has a penchant for playing what has been termed "sad b@st@rd songs."Gregory Alan Isakov has made an album full of these songs.  This is most definitely a headphone album.  The songs just glow and wrap you up in emotion. Strings, acoustic guitars, softly tapping drums and Gregory's gentle voice all blend together nicely to create one fine album.I don't know if this makes any sense, but the songs on this album sound exactly like what the album cover looks like.  If it doesn't make sense now, it will once you listen to the album.If you're a fan of Doug Burr, then you'll probably like this album.Key Track:  That Moon Song.
For the most part the songs are well done. Unless you are very familiar with the songs, it is difficult to tell the difference between versions(compare 28. Viva La Vida between this and Coldplay's version, the vocals are about the same and a slight difference is the violin).For others, the difference is glaring and can be off-putting at times(while the previews are different, try 23. You're Gonna Go Far Kid by the Offspring or 50. Paper Planes by MIA).I bought this because1. It's cheap2. It has a bunch of songsIf you're going on a trip, and you want to listen to music and won't have an internet connection (i.e. Pandora isn't available), and you don't want to spend $30+ on a bunch of single downloads, this is for you. If you'll have an internet connection, or have money to buy single downloads (or don't mind obtaining these from ... ahem... alternative means), I would not recommend this.
I have added most of these songs to my workout playlist and it makes a good addition... some of the songs are a bit to hokey of a remix, but over all it works!
I like the music these two made. It's too bad they split up. I wish they had made more music and videos.
I love to party to this CD.It's half early Santana and half newer material.Both are done very well.Great guitar player.He shreads on the one non latin blues track.If you like latin rock this is for you.
This is a nice update of some classics, the quality is a little off for such a new recording, but overall it is a good buy.The MP3 credit I recieved when I placed this order was really confusing to access, a little more information regarding how to access the credits would be a good thing. Why offer it if you can't get it, it makes me wonder.
"If there is an "indie formula," then Anton Sword and the We Ours' new EP, I Like Your Mind, certainly doesn't follow it.  But it doesn't matter; here are the facts: this is interesting, musically subtle, tasteful, original, witty music.  The sound evokes a more esoteric, reserved, mature iteration of Ben Folds.  The title track is sharp enough to draw blood, and like most of the record, is infectiously rhythmic and impossibly memorable.  This record is unapologetically kissed with jazziness, and fearlessly places the piano front and center, fully utilizing the melodic and sonic capabilities of the instrument like few bands can (or do).  The chords are richer, the transitions more fluid for being arpeggiated, the whole sound more gentle and subtle, and all in all, the record is better.The tragic flaw?  I can't shake the feeling that this group of musicians have more tricks up their sleeve than this very limited release would imply.  It sounds like they're playing their cards a little too close to their chest, as though they're holding something back, reluctant to play that trump card.  They shouldn't be. 8 out of 10"--Never Learned to Swim music blogThis short follow-up to Anton Sword's 2007/8 release, 'A Sentimental Education', featuring more recently onboard musicians The We Ours (including Kristin Mueller of Lucinda Black Bear on drums; Kristofer Widholm, ex-Morex Optimo on guitar) shows more experimentation with both traditional and progressive song forms, and is a tasty between-full-length treat for listeners desiring something from this unique songwriter and group.
Memorable songs taken from the movies, sometimes with bits of dialog that preceded the song. Hearing the songs recalls the movie itself. Nice sound quality. I only wish even more of the songs from their movies were on the CD.
These songs were written for the Fred and Ginger movies pushing some flimsy stories down the melodic highway. The voices brought the american songbook to life. If you hear Louis and Ella or Sinatra or Tony Bennett or B.B. King and Diane or Linda Ronstadt or Carly Simon or Peggy Lee and on and on; they all sang these songs with artistic gusto... The originals are timeless.
This is a collection of very early to early Ella Fitzgerald almost entirely from the Decca label. The dates of these recordings are between 1935 and 1945 -- except the last two with Louis Armstrong, which are from later, but I'm not sure exactly when.Ella Fitzergerald started her career as singer with the Chick Webb big band orchestra in 1935, and released several recordings with the band, mainly on Decca but also on Columbia and perhaps some other labels. Webb died in 1939 and Ella continued as leader of the band a few years before signing her own solo contract with Decca in 1942.She went over to Verve in 1955 and that's where she really became a star, recognized as one of the great voices of any age. Later in her career, she sang on many labels. Her recordings became very elegant, beautifully recorded masterpieces.This collection is from before any of that happened. It is generally a good collection of early Ella, but just be aware this was all recorded before she really came into her own. This may not be the music that you immediately think of when you think of Ella Fitzgerald. It is still very good -- just not the exciting, elegant Ella of later years.Because the recordings are so old, there are some sound problems in places. Some tracks have noticeable record needle noise, indicating the MP3 is an LP transfer. On two or three tracks, this noise is so bad as to be disturbing. There are also a fair number of tracks with distortion -- buzzing or crackling sounds when the volume gets louder. This isn't too bad on most tracks, but it can interfere with listening sometimes.As the MP3 Deal of the Day on October 10, 2009 at a price of $1.99, this is a great bargain and highly recommended. Just be aware of what you're getting. At the standard price it could still be good, but also be sure to do comparison shopping for other Ella collections from her later years, when she really did her best work.
This album brings you back to the days of the 80's and includes some newer music that I had not heard...nice!
As long as I'm on this planet, I'll be happy my world has crabapples blooming.I bought this CD a few weeks ago.  The tunes are all well-crafted and folky, with hints of the Pauls (Simon and McCartney).  On a first listen  I picked up a little "American Tune" and some "Mother Nature's Son".  The lyrics are layered enough to keep you thinking, without being too obscure (or even worse, sappy).  There's some tasty guitar work on "Tamara", and inspired cello, too.  Particular favorites are "Play the Man" (written for Stutzman's son, Latimer) and "War Stories" (an homage to his grandfather that might make you weep).I reserve 5 stars for eternal classics (Sgt. Pepper, Born to Run, Augustine's Confessions, Monty Python and the Holy Grail) but I'll give this a four.  I'd suggest you get a copy and let it grow on you.
From CD Roots: With a stripped down ensemble sound (featuring marimbas, bass, percussion, banjo, keyboards and guitar), Norwegian composer and vocalist Anne-Marie Girtz creates a completely unique recording, rooted in jazz, pop and folk, but beholden to none. Highly recommended!
Connie has assembled an incredibly diverse collection of relaxing music.  Each track reflects a unique ethnicity: some sound Asian, some Native American, some Celtic, etc.  Ideally, this would be a "sampler" album and that, for each of its tracks, there would be a complete album full of music of a similar genre.  Unfortunately, this will never be.  Connie G passed away on November 20, 2011.
A good album to.bring off the.bench. big influence by bedouin soundclash. Some songs lose me when they stray from reggae.
Just three songs into this CD and I was desperate to learn more about Benjamin r, wondering why in the world I've not heard of this guy yet. Robert Selvaggio, otherwise known as Benjamin r, has 'come out of nowhere' with his excellent debut CD, "The Other Side of Nowhere". My hope is that this release takes him somewhere big.With a solid foundation in producing and recording acts from Jewel to Puddle of Mudd, Benjamin r decided in 2007 to track some of his own tunes. 2009's "The Other Side of Nowhere" is the result - lucky for us! Benjamin r generally writes in the style of Crowded House, and sounds somewhere in-between Mark Kano (Athenaeum) and - believe or not - Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day (especially on "I Don't Need This Anymore", one of the strongest tracks on the disc). But for the more coffeehouse songs, he reminds me a bit of Elliot Smith (check out "Letters").True, Benjamin r's expertise as a recording engineer shines on this sonically pleasing debut, but it is the pop rock sensibilities that have won me over. The first half of the disc is remarkably strong, infusing a bar band rock sound with catchy powerpop melodies on tracks like "Tell Me I'm Wrong", "Falling Apart", and "History". The second half of the disc is not bad by any means, but it did not capture my attention as quickly. All in all, a very strong debut, and I hope to hear a lot more from the other side of nowhere.Key tracks: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 9Bill's Music Forum review
If you are wanting something a little different, try these guys.  The harp is excellent, and the songs are catchy.  The beatbox guy isn't the usual blues style of course, but the mix holds up well.  Mix in some cajun stylings with traditional blues and this is definitely a fresh sound.
Here is my idea of the perfect male jazz vocalist.  Just perfection.  These are old mono recordings remastered but the quality shines through anyway.  These tracks are what I refer to when I tell people what I want to hear in a jazz singer.  The only reason I don't rate it a 5 is because its not a recording made with current technology.
The album contains most of the selections performed by the singer during her show on the recent Holland America cruise circumnavigating Australia and the quality is excellent as it was then  The only drawback is that I do not have an autographed CD as I would have if I had been able to buy before her stock was exhausted on the Vollendam.
The first song "Will The Circle Be Unbroken", is a classic folk song.The following 4 songs are classic Carter Family bluegrass.The last song "The Moon Just Turned Blue" is a classic style country song.BTW, for those of you who don't know, June Carter was Johnny Cash's second wife and true love. They often performed together.I'm neither a music expert nor a Carter Family expert, just a music lover with very eclectic tastes. I found this enjoyable. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because it didn't knock my socks off.If you're not familiar with this type of music, this sampler makes it an affordable way to check it out.
This "Six Pack" starts out with one of my favorite songs and it belongs to Louis Armstrong - "What a Wonderful World" - nobody sings it like he does!2nd. Song: "I've Got The World On A String" is great New Orleans style big band jazzy.3rd. Song: "Georgia on My Mind" a song that we associate with Ray Charles, is done here in a different way, once again with Louis Armstrong's unique vocal stamp and jazzy style.4th. Song: "Jeepers Creepers" a popular, typical Louis Armstrong song. I'm personally not as fond of it (hence 4 out of 5 stars given).5th. Song: "Christmas in New Orleans" the name speaks for itself. What a great and not-your-typical Christmas-song song. Love it!6th. Song: "You'll Never Walk Alone", another song you've probably heard sung by different artists, is done in a soulful, slow bluesy kind of way, piano heavy as opposed to the whole band.I'm not a music expert, just a music lover with very eclectic tastes.If you're not familiar with Louis Armstrong, New Orleans Jazz, or Big Band styles, this "Six Pack" makes it an affordable way to check it out.
The Shreds' CD, Stranger, was engaging and bears repeated listenings.  Unlike some manufactured teen bands, e.g., The Jonas Brothers, this music seems authentic.  These musicians appear to be exploring their instruments with wonder and excitement as opposed to cramming the sounds they produce  into a pre-conceived, commercial mold.  This is how it should be for adolescents at the start of their love affairs with music, and not yet jaded and forgetting what drew them to music in the first place.The CD production sounds fantastic with ample separation of instruments, and just enough overdubbing to support the songs.  The playing is balanced between a loose, alternative rock, feel and solid playing around strong songs.  This extends from individual songs to the entire CD.  A moderate tempo rock song, "Give Me a Lobotomy (Please)" by Dylan Rodrigue, which opens the CD,  gives way to a more atmospheric, U-2-influenced, tune by Blake Severn, "Oggy March".  This sort of pacing, as opposed to, say, putting three rocking songs up front, continues throughout the CD.  The band  is confident enough in its playing, singing, and song writing to lull the listener in deeper with some breadth and variety of songs, as opposed to hammering out basic rock tunes over and over.Dylan Rodrigue is a good guitar player, very good given his age (15 or 16).  He has a lose style on rhythm that along with his Fender tone reminded me of Jimi Hendrix' rhythm guitar playing--not overly schooled, a little funky...  "Go" has a great lead wah wah guitar solo, but it serves the song as opposed to overwhelming it, and elsewhere any lead guitar is integral to the song and not just flashy playing.The Shreds are playing rock music, but their choice of chords sometimes are more interesting than standard rock.  In this regard, it will be interesting to see if they continue to expand the limitations of rock on future CDs.  On "Go" again, there is a short interlude after the first chorus and before the vocal comes in that sounds improvised.  It is so pretty and offers a respite from Dylan's kind of tortured lyrics.  Blood (the kind that has gotten outside of your body in various ways), loss, relationship problems, etc. appear to be themes which recur on the CD.  These weightyer lyrics give the music more depth and complexity, and adults and mature adolescents likely will get into this music..  Perhaps the songs speak to the difficulties of adolescence which we adult listeners have pushed far away in our minds.  But The Shreds are bringing us back to the reality and must be speaking most strongly to  their adolescent peers buying (or "downloading") the CD and going to their concerts.  They are an antidote to the Jonas Brothers.
I like relaxing albums. This one is great. The thing I don't like about it is that not all the songs flow. You'll have a really nice, soothing song followed by a slightly noisier or completely different type of song. Or, the song is just louder than the previous one. Bottom line, there are better albums than this one to relax to, but it's not a bad choice as long as your goal is not to fall asleep.
I came across Christa Wells when her album was available on Noisetrade.  I love the sound of her voice and her music is great.  It has a great sound and great writing.  It does have some Christian themes laced throughout the CD but is really a CD about an artist sharing what is going on with their life.  Really great overall with songs taht anyone can really relate to.
For the most part, this is pretty good.  Some songs are not that great, but for the price I would consider it a good deal. The song &#34;Fascination&#34; is not as labeled.
Post op is a nice companion piece to first two 4 out of 5 doctors cd's.  Out takes, rarities what ever you want to label these sound like songs (with a couple of surprises) that didn't make the initial released CD's for a reason.  I happen to love those first two so for me this closes the book.
This album almost got by. Recorded under the pseudonym of David Magdalene, this solid collection of songs by David "Khan" Johnson of the Key West band Pacific Orchestra veers from the tropical path of that band onto the dusty roads of Americana. Lush with pedal steel and Hammond organ, the music jumps from the beaches of LA to the crossroads bars of the midwest to the locked bedrooms where the light plays tricks on the wall. Not the greatest vocalist, Magdalene still fills his songs with a drama and sincerity that is more and more absent in modern music. This album was not promoted or marketed when it was released in 2002, and it almost got by. It's not too late for you to get a taste.
I used some of the songs on here for a baseball themed baby shower. The music is kind of cheesy, but when mixed in with other, less cheesy songs it's cute. These songs added to the overall theme and were a fun touch.
I came across this album after seeing the video for the song "Ice Cream Truck" (not on this album) and wanted to hear more music by Cazwell. This album isn't anything "amazing" but I'm definitely glad I purchased it. It's so much fun and I really enjoy it. Definitely worth a listen, you'll enjoy it if you don't take music so seriously all the time.
Colton Ford has journeyed a long way from his roots to release this album. It's hard to break into commercial music when you're not 22 and marketing to preteen candy-pop consumers, but Mr. Ford has released a carefully produced and very sexy album of dance covers.  His voice has found it's niche here, and anyone who enjoys tuneful glossy dance music will definitely enjoy this album.  It sounds as if he's expanded his general musicianship as well and seems to sing much of the backing vocals as well, though it's not always easy to tell for certain.  Congrats Colton.. Not my usual kind of ear-candy, but it's pretty tasty anyway!
Headline pretty much says it...bought this to have something playing in the background for trick or treat visitors and it did not disappoint.
All the songs are covers, most of which aren't too terrible.  In fact, whoever's doing the 'Thriller' cover is a pretty good Michael Jackson impersonation (don't hold out hope though for the breakdown, the voicer's no Vincent Price).  However the 'Time Warp' track is a miserable &#34;club&#34; version that's an entire beat too slow and basically 'the Time Warp' sung poorly laid over a Casio 'disco' beat.  It's awful.  However the instrumentals are pretty killer...and I guess the &#34;spooky sounds&#34; are alright?  Not what I bought the album for, so I don't care.
I enjoyed all of Nadia's trance music from years ago, and iiO was always one of my favorite dance groups, so I was looking forward to hearing a solo album from this lady who combines the sounds of Pakistan and Queens, NY.I was not disappointed. This is not the best album I've heard in 2009, but it's becoming one of my favorites of the year. Nadia/iiO fans should be aware that most of this is not trance or dance music, but more like "mellow alternative", yet it retains Nadia's trademark smoothness from her trance days. Indeed, her voice displays a powerful soulfulness on "Fantasy" that I had never heard from her before. Her vocal performance on that song and "Promises" really impressed me, and this whole album shows she has grown as a singer.It's the perfect album for some late night mellowing out at home, or in the lounge with good friends. A good "after party" album.  There is no bad music here, but my favorite cuts are: "Crash and Burn", "Be Mine", "Silver Lining", "Fine Print", and "Fantasy".
I debated about whether to buy the complete CD or the 1 song I heard (Love Story) at the closing of a movie I recently saw and liked.  When I first listened to the entire CD, I had mixed feelings, but after listening to it several times, I knew I had made a wise choice in purchasing the entire CD.  When I first heard &#34;Love Story&#34;, I couldn't decide if Ms. Ali sounded like Stevie Nicks or some other artist, but after listening to the CD, I realized she had vocals all her own.  I enjoy music that I can relate to and is good to play when reading or writing.  I would recommend it to anyone who love ballads and love songs, especially the songs Love Song and Not Thinking.
Great solo album from the voice of iiO. This album has several great tracks, including my favorites &#34;Triangle&#34; and &#34;People&#34;. This album from the highly sought-out guest vocalist is a hit! Add it to your music player and enjoy!
Being inspired by his appearance, I listened to the music of this album. Inpaticula is the name of the band, the man I mentioned is David Pfeffer who already had produced an album himself. "A little confession" is their first common released production. The seven songs show a wide range of their repertoire sometimes powerful sometimes soft. My favourates are "Just forget you" and "Trouble within". In any way, though their kind of independent music enhanced by David's wonderful husky voice isn't well known yet, this album and the second one titled "In the cold light of day" are absolutely recommendable.
A Kid From Philadelphia,: Mario Lanza: The Voice of the PoetsIt is hard not to be a fan of Mario Lanza. Once someone hears his voice,they fall in love with this enormous talent.  This collection represents him well.Mario Lanza was the most versatile tenor who ever walked on a stage. He could sing opera like the greatest tenors of all time. He was a master at "crossing over" from lyric opera to popular singing. As a result, he was a top recording artist and concert performer. In the "Great Caruso" he also showed he could be a global movie sensation. The movie about the amazing Neapolitan tenor actually was about Mario Lanza. It turned the Great Caruso into the Great Lanza. He exhibited all of his splendid qualities.His movies and recordings inspired me to write my recent book about Mario Lanza: "A Kid from Philadelphia, Mario Lanza, the Voice of the Poets." It is not a biography. There have been several excellent bios about him. This is a book from a fan. It exhibits his qualities, talents, passion and love for his art. I wanted it to be a "page turner" that would be impossible to put down while listening to the magnificent voice of Mario Lanza.  Listen to these recordings while you read the book. It will be an experience.Anyone who loves Lanza the movie star, the tenor, the popular singer and the human being, who did so much in such a short time, will love this selection.
This is soothing and easy to just listen and go into the comfort zone.  would recommend it.  Can relax or fall off to catch a quick nap.  Get it if you have the chance.
I noticed that Simone White's latest album "Yakiimo" had yet to be reviewed on Amazon.com, so I'll get the ball rolling because she deserves to be heard by a wider audience.Simone's musical oeuvre is minimalist post modern folk music. She didn't learn to play guitar until age 22 but her simple finger picking patterns underscore the power of her songwriting and she uses few, if any backup musicans on her recordings. Her music is ironic, tender,  mysterious, erotic and often disturbing. She sings elegantly crafted folk ballads that are unadulterated interior musings of an observer. Simone is a voyeur who observes with a keen eye. But she is also an sly exhibitionist unafraid of sharing her intimate observations with an audience of strangers. Those contradictions between the self and the other are what makes Simone White an intriguing musician and artist.On songs like "Bunny in a Bunny Suit" and "A Girl You Never Met" her emotional honesty can be a bit disconcerting. Simone's lyrics are provocative by design. Her expressive voice and the sparse arrangements of her songs make it easier for her music to get unsettlingly close to you. There is an awkward sadness that is often at odds with a shimmering sense of self discovery in her music. Simone's highly stylized YouTube videos reveal a photogenic and imaginative performance artist with a quietly powerful aristic vision.I've heard Simone compared to everyone from Lisa Germano to Astrud Gilberto to Mo Tucker to Cat Power to PJ Harvey. Her covers of songs by Victoria Williams and Elizabeth Cotton songs her musical influences to be even more diverse and unorthodox. Caveat Emptor: The cover songs are only available on the MP3 download of "Yakiimo" ($8.99) which has 15 songs and are absent on the compact disc which has only 12 songs and has a steep price tag of $24.98. Apparently Simone is marketing "Yakiimo" to the digital generation.By her own account Simone was born in Hawaii to a family of artists and spent her early years "playing in the dirt and moving from town to town." Her parents were hippies (rumored to be cultists) who lived a bedouin lifestyle. Drawn to the arts, Simone acted in plays and films, work as a photographer and wrote. Needing an instrument for the songs she wrote a cappella, Simone taught herself to play guitar. But other interests prevailed and it wasn't until she moved to New York from London in 2000 that she was ready to get on stage and play. She played at NYC clubs and bars. A chance meeting in 2004 took her to Nashville to record with Mark Nevers (Calexico, Will Oldham, Lambchop).Simone White is a distinctive musical stylist and won't be everyone's cup of tea but if you like musical eccentrics like Cat Power or Lisa Germano you'll probably like Simone. It takes a few listenings to appreciate the complex psychosocial themes Simone White explores with her music. I've been under the spell of Simone's sublimely dark existential gaze every since I downloaded "Yakiimo" a few weeks back. "Yakiimo" is one of notable albums of 2009.NOTABLE SONGS: Bunny in A Bunny Suit; Baby Lay Down With Me; Without A Sound; and Yakiimo.
I can't believe that The MBF Love LP has no reviews.  I guess I will get one posted.I purchased this download a couple of years ago (Can't remember when...) at the recommendation of a friend of mine.  It disappeared from my Cloud and I purchased it again.I really like MBF's style, beat and his voice.  I like to play this album in a mix up on my playlist with a variety of other artists and this album makes me &#34;Happy&#34;.  You ever have an album make you feel happy? This one does me!
A nice CD for Christmas time. Not big on variety, but plenty of nice festive background music in this style for the holiday season.
I never thought I'd see this album again anywhere!  Wow!  There are three "must-have" songs on this album.  Too Darn Hot, Mama's Talking Soft, and That's How It Feels.  To the adult the best description of these songs would be genius, fun, different, interesting--importantly they stay fun for a long time.  The kids would describe these songs as weird and creepy in an eye rolling way and an "ewe" way--secretly meaning they love it.  And you will too.  ;)  For the Very First Time is very nice also.
bought this album to get to know this artist.  I like a few of the songs, some are just not for what I care for but overall great for the price
I love several tracks off this album, however, I noticed track 10 - Stardust sounds exactly the same as the one played by Nini Rosso, but here it says Serge Valentino was the player. The two tracks are the exact same! Am I missing something here? Or is this simply a collection of trumpet music from various artists?
Hot and sexy little stories that get me in a naughty mood pretty quickly. I like that they're not really long because I sometimes only have 5 or 10 minutes to get in a mental/manual quickie. I like the diversity of erotic ideas, too.
Whitehouse releases their latest single, "Gonna Make It Up To You," brimming with Pop/Rock style and attitude. This song has many musical attributes which gives it character and will have you singing along in no time. Listen as the bass line provides a groovy, yet steady and solid rhythm. The vocals are straight up with clean and crisp clarity as the well written lyrics come to life. The excellent supporting harmonies compliment the lead vocals on not only the verse but on the chorus also. The chorus kicks in with a strong and solid punch as the instruments captures the energy and enthusiasm this song has to offer. Don't miss a chance to hear the latest release "Gonna Make It Up To You," as it will leave you wanting to hear more selections from this talented group. Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team [...].
This is someone to watch.  Great lines in these all original songs like 'save you from the burden of always being right' and who hasn't felt that way sometime.  Personal favorites are 'A Little Scar' and 'Catastrophe' but the others are growing on me.  The first time I heard them I thought they were pretty good, the second time I was more impressed, the third time I ordered the CDs for friends.
Well, Petula Clark is a great singer singing plenty of classic songs.  You can remember her Downtown, Kiss me Goodbye, etc.  No, this album does not match those songs, but I think this is what she sang before he became one of the top artist of the sixties.
This record is one of my favorite releases of 2009. I love how Pillow Army combine rock with strings, especially on "The Price" and at the end of "Codeine". I saw them live last year in Seattle and they were great. Very much looking forward to the next release!
Cello and violin are becoming more prevalent in alternative bands, but I think Pillow Army uses them in a unique way.  They're more integral to the sound and not just a background texture.  One of my favorites "The Price" has a distorted cello playing the main riff and the violin is used almost as a percussion instrument.  I also really like the lyrics which are intelligent and playful and talk about some interesting subjects.  They also do a great cover of Neutral Milk Hotel's "Oh Comely" featuring a cello and violin accompaniment that really sets it apart from the original.  All in all, an excellent debut and one of my favorite indie finds of 2009.
This is great album, as it has been digitly remastered and the songs sound great!! As and old rock and roller they don't makesongs like that anymore.pml.
It is literally impossible to review every CD that comes through WomensRadio, but it feels soooooooo good to present the first album review of 2010 - and who better to cut the ribbon than Holland-born Canadian singer/songwriter, Yo Vanderkley, or better known simply as Yo, with her 2009 release titled "Strange Life".To sum up "Strange Life" in one sentence, we would say that the CD comes with a halo hanging around it.  Ranging from the subtle jazz/pop introduction of "Every Second Tuesday" to the ballad, "Heel Vreemd" (translated to English as "Very Strange"), Yo's hickory smoke voice spins honest and upbeat tales of life, love and heartbreak.While emitting an emotional aura all throughout, Strange Life features several standout tracks, such as "Slow Kiss", which showcases Yo's strong blues/jazz styled vocals coupled with minimal percussion and contemporary progression to place the listener in a ballroom dance floor setting, much like that in "Beauty and The Beast", and sets them spinning into "high-caliber contemporary" oblivion."Lucky In Love" gets a little funky, and features a slide guitar, while maintaining strong pop sensibility with impressive, and sometimes metaphorical, lyrics, innovative guitar playing and a heartfelt approach to the ultimate human desire - love.  Short after follows a track titled, "Ella", which is another bright and cheerful number worth checking out.  It is probably the most likely song on the album to receive "anthem" status.  Boy could she dance, that Ella.Several times throughout Strange Life, the listener hears sounds reminiscent of The Beatles.  The title track of the album shows this influence in a light confirming Yo as a master of her art.  A master that writes with a hilariously altruistic perspective on life, suggesting through her lyrics that, "We should start at 95 years old and rewind to the night", and bold enough to mix it up musically with an almost Hawaiian vibe on the track.Our personal favorite, and instantly-claimed "Favorite Original Jazz Song of 2010", "You, Me And Your Horn" starts with a sexy bass intro and is brought to life through John McLeod's trumpet and Yo's smoldering hot vocals that fill the room like thick cigar smoke...picture musical notes gently floating through the clouded air, gently spinning on their axes as they effortless float on by."All in all, the strange life of Yo Vanderkley is one that is both intriguing and inspirational--one that is not to be overlooked." - Brian Ball, Music Editor
I'm torn in writing this review as I am asking myself just what else I expected from this lovely and talented lady that would allow me to give this collection the 5 star rating that it might deserve.  I say might because there is still something, something intangible, indescribable to me at this point, that knaws at me a bit and leaves me thinking in some way or ways this could have been better.  I don't know what it is, and I hate having to say that, as I really would like something more concrete to point to other than to just say that a 5 star rating is reserved only for the absolute best.  Realistically, if I had the option to use half-star ratings, I'm not sure I'd venture up into the 4.5 range for this collection.  Like I've tried to say here, I'm just left thinking that it's not quite as impressive and awesome as I'd like to see it (this collection) be in order to achieve those high marks.I do love Ms. Shepard's music, and have had the pleasure of seeing her live multiple times.  She puts on a very enjoyable show, one that I'd like to see again in the future if possible, and one that I'd love to be able to plunk down some of my income to be able to get on DVD, or better yet Blu-ray disc.  Yes, I know I could getVonda Shepard Live: Retrospective (Bonus Dvd)(and I have and enjoy it for what it is), but what I'd really like is a longer format recording of Ms. Shepard's live show/performance, one that begins with "Ladies and Gentleman, Vonda Shepard..." and ends with a rousing encore that sent the patrons that saw the live show home happy, and truly puts the bow on the package for those that get to watch on their home theatre systems.Perhaps that's a little of what I feel is missing with this album, but I don't think that is really it either, or at least not that big a portion of whatever it is that is bothering me here.Individually, the songs that are included here are good songs.  The live performances are good with the audience remaining quiet or being filtered out until the appropriate times, but then again in some ways the level of quietness leaves me feeling less energy and less connected to the performance than I expect from a typical live recording.The other thing I think I miss here is more interaction and more banter with the audience.  Call me spoiled if you will, but being a fan of Bruce Springsteen, I'm a bit more used to performances that are more in tradition with the revival style.  Performances where the artist is clearly connecting with the audience and bringing their energy into their performance.  I know Ms. Shepard does that, but none of that interaction exists here, or at least so very little of it, that it seems non-existent, so we get just under an hour's worth of live music that is in many ways hard to identify as being live.Rather than ramble on about each individual song (since I've already rambled enough here), please take your time to sample the available tunes and use those samplings to help make up your own mind about a purchase of this album.  For me, despite my own misgivings, this is a must-buy, but I don't pretend that would be the case for others.
By now, Pixelh8 has proved that he knows a thing or two about composing solid chip music. "And the Revolution" boosts that cause with a return to the artist's classic style, in addition to introducing some new aspects that make the album more than just a repeat of his past work. From happy, poppy chiptunes to intense, 8-bit glitch music, Pixelh8's style is thankfully still intact and worth checking out.A simple, beepy fade-in kicks the album off, leading into the euphoric ballad which is "The Girl from the Future". The second track, aptly titled "Contains Mild Euphoria", is more of that same style with its light, retro drum work and happy main melody. By the time the dance-style "Out On the Floor" rolls around, the album has switched over into "Revolution" mode, with the first (retro and vocoded) lyrics from Pixelh8 himself.While "Somnolence" satisfies with its cute n' cuddly melodic work, the ninth song "Current Affairs" exposes a different state of mind by means of a soft, techno-filter mixed with an interesting melody to create an otherworldly atmosphere.Tracks such as "Computability Love" don't do the album many noteworthy favors, but "You Were Born to Save the World" is where Pixelh8 really shines. This very clever track makes use of expertly executed orchestrated music blended with a simple GameBoy melody and steady 8-bit percussion. One of the most unique tunes on the album, it stands out as some of Pixelh8's finest work to date.The album closes with "Loading Dreams", a sweet-sounding farewell track that sounds reminiscent of old Commodore 64 tunes while remaining nice and noteworthy even still."And the Revolution" is what the title claims to be for this talented chip musician who chooses to call himself Pixelh8. If you're a longtime fan of his work or are just becoming interested in his simple yet satisfying chiptunes, you shouldn't be disappointed with this album. Here's hoping that future albums will deliver as well as "And the Revolution" has.
[Excerpted from VocalStandards.com Review]Daughter of an Icelandic guitar player, composer, arranger and classically trained as musician herself, Anna has been "fronting" for Julio Iglesias' tour and jazz singing her way around the world (mostly Europe) since the late 90's.Mj&ouml;ll has rendered a relatively small amount of recorded material (more please Anna!)... but that said, what Anna HAS published is damned impressive.A "mini" review......is about all that's possible right now. Ms. Mj&ouml;ll released an LP in 2009 -- Shadow Of Your Smile-- that includes seven core standards numbers and four Icelandic vocal jazz numbers. The T&oacute;nalj&oacute;n Records release is very well produced and has Anna backed by a superb array of top notch jazz musicians.AM's style is quite distinctive. A slightly smoke tinged sultry jazz base with a forward breathiness element ... at times Anna evokes Blossom Dearie, at other times Madeleine Peyroux, even Astrud Gilberto a bit ... but in the end AM stands on her own with her distinctive smokey, jazz club tenor.Sometimes I have trouble......listening to a lot of material from "breathy" singers -- getting worn out by the constant exhalation. Anna definitely has a breathy intonation style ... with only seven songs to listen to, it's hard to assess the wear-and-tear aspect, but my initial listening experience just seems to illicit a desire to hear more rather than any sense of weariness.Somewhat notorious for skipping my Icelandic language lessons ;-) I have limited appreciation for the last four tracks on the list (after listening to them for ambient appreciation I realized that three of the four are Icelandic versions of other tracks on the LP) but I do have some favorites off AM's debut LP.I really like the bossa nova numbers "How Insensitive" and "Agua De Beber" -- perfect song selections for Anna's vocal style -- as well the haunting and beautiful jazz trio rendition of Burt Bacharach and Hal David's "The Look of Love" ... the best number on the record in my opinion. Which is saying something because the title track ("Shadow of Your Smile") is sweet and sultry goodness as well.Rounding out the mix are standup versions of "Fever", "C'est Si Bon" and a fun jazztastic version of "I Get a Kick Out of You".Anna did release a jazz holiday album  in 2010 (Christmas Jazzmaz) with ten English language jazzy holiday numbers. I skim-listened to it a bit, but with the temp hovering around 100 here in Austin, I just can't bring myself to dig into it in the middle of summer. Jazzmaz is definitely queued up for this holiday season though.Until the weather turns cool, we'll have to make do with Ms. Mj&ouml;ll's very fine The Shadow of Your Smile LP. Good stuff but we need more, please Anna.Shadow of Your Smile - Anna Mj&ouml;ll(VS_Guy ratings: "+++" pluses are good; "~" for meh to middling;  "- - -" minuses are not good)1. I Get A Kick Out of You 3:22 + Nice and jazzy .2. How Insensitive 3:41 +++ Perfect song for AM's vocal style3. Agua De Beber 3:49 +++ More Jobim-styled goodness4. The Shadow of Your Smile 3:19 +++ Beautiful guitar ... beautiful vocals5. Fever 3:07 +6. The Look of Love 4:41 +++ Mj&ouml;ll's vocal style also lends itself to Mr. Bacharach7. C'est Si Bon 3:03 ++ Straight play but very well done8. Saman &uacute; og &Eacute;g 4:019. Vatn a Drekka 3:49 ("Agua De Beber" Icelandic style!)10. Minningin um ig 3:19 ("The Shadow of Your Smile")11. Tilfinningalaus 3:39 ("How Insensitive")
Many of us who are fortunate enough to live in the Brazos Valley of Texas have heard this nightingale sing. And sing she does. With the rise of the great american songbook Kelsey Taylor presents her own interpretation of the standards that make this album a real hit. If you like Diana Krall then give this album a whirl. I think you will thank yourself each time you hear the tracks.
This is a really good album.  It is very dynamic.  I love her voice and the passion in her singing.  Sunday is my favorite.
5.0 out of 5 stars RadioIndy Reviews: Crash Landing, February 4, 2010By  MikVacch Enterprises LLC "[...]" - See all my reviews(REAL NAME)The talented multi-instrumentalist Zallen, has put together a terrific collection of quasi-psychedelic pop/rock on his latest released album, "Crash Landing," that harks back to the days of classic rock, yet still retains a unique voice. "Mission To the Moon" is a fun number with enjoyable lyrics, solid lead vocals, a galloping rhythm, and vivacious drums and guitars. In "Out of Phase" we find more of an antiquated rock and roll beat replete with fiery piano chords and great guitar riffs which compliment Zallen's vocal prowess. "The Last September" is a sharp flowing rock song in which we hear how Zallen's voice delivers strong and melodic tonality. This album is for those who appreciate classic rock music with progressive modern touches and psychedelic expression. It is well produced and each arrangement has a nice dynamic balance between vocals and instruments. Fans of David Bowie or Muse will thoroughly enjoy the well crafted collection of songs of "Crash Landing" by the talented artist Zallen. Sean B. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
The music was definitely intense and emotional, but at some odd times during the tracks it felt like the chord progression could have gone a little further to come to a more savory end.  All in all, this is a good buy for background music to an intense activity.
If you liked their first work 'Unearthed' you'll LOVE this! Lot of epic tracks there!!!Maybe bad two things:- I'll quit the covers of Beethoven and Mozart and put some quiet homemade like their second work: 'Cartographer'- Looks like they put the songs randomly on the cd and click 'burn'. Some rush on finishing it...
This is a really nice, epic soundtrack. It's more cinematic than Unearthed and has less of the &#34;techno-pop&#34; sound that I really enjoyed. It's still a nice listen, though.
This soundtrack has some really good epic music in it. Some of the songs are more repetitive than I would like, but on the whole, it was well worth the purchase.
E.S. Posthumus have made few, novel CDs. This one uses the same basic idea, and that is both its strength and its weakness. It is like the other CDs yet no really new idea and execution. A slight snore.
This is, like, the epitome of all epic movie trailer music. I wish there were more artists that could produce this type of music.
After reading the reviews on this album, despite some that were not recommending the album, I forged ahead and expected the worst and hoped for the best. I was met in the middle. As user &#34;Huntress&#34; noted, the producers did not use an orchestra and it shows. While the album itself never lets up - it's a great driving album, let's face it... especially in a sports car on a twisty road... the album does indeed sound &#34;flat&#34; and very compressed in some instances. Where the music should be soaring and taking you with it, it feels strangled and you're left with that ... almost, but not quite... feeling.Overall, the album is good and if you can overlook the basic music inadequacies, you'll be happy with the purchase.
As stated in another review, the compression on this CD (yes, I ordered the CD because I wanted better audio quality than an mp3) makes the recordings that are very intense seem to overdrive my DAC thus compressing the music which now has no real dynamic range. Even the Telarcs, Mobile Fidelity, and Reference Recording CD's don't do this. You are stuck at one speed.... loud and compressed. You can not tell what instrumental timbre is going on. Everything is smashed together. Cartographer is much better.While I do like Manju and a couple of others, the unlistenable sound quality (someone fall asleep with the compression all the way and put the recording into overdrive?) makes it a tough call. I don't hate the music, just the way it was recorded to CD makes it almost unlistenable.My audio system is a little old: Von Schweikert VR4 speakers, Marsh P2000T pre amp with NOS tubes), Parasound HCA 2200MkII power amp, Art DI/O modified DAC and a Pioneer universal player as a transport. Speaker cables are Audioquest and interconnects are custom made with WBT connectors (I do have a draw full of MIT's, Monster, Siltech, etc., but these sound the best to me).I wish there was a remastered version of CD.
I was lead to Texan Heather McCready's music by the song "Neverland" which appeared on a radio music sampler. I couldn't stop listening to it and kept hitting the "replay" button. I just had to hear the whole CD.While the title track - and about half  of the dozen songs - are aimed at the general country (and even bluegrass) audience, this is a Christian music album with the balance of the tracks being songs about or directed to Jesus or God. Since my musical interests lie outside the Christian music spectrum, I can't judge those tracks fairly. But the secular songs are just great and I'll probably be playing the title tracks for years to come!McCready wrote the lyrics and music to all the songs and she has a gorgeously sweet voice. Her pristine vocals are accompanied by arrangements and instrumentation by Milo Deering, who seems to play most of the string instruments that accompany the singer.The opening track, "Sweet Days Are Ahead" is another great secular track and is perfect to start off the album, which seems to keep the slower songs for the second half.This is McCreary's first album on her Travelin' Girl label. If you are a fan of Christian music, you'll obviously love the whole album. For me its tracks 1 and 2 that I'll be listening to again.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
Found this band via recommendation from a musician I was already a fan of.  Those sorts of recommendations rarely work out for me, but this time it was a perfect match.  This band has all the things I like in a band: lead female vox, great guitars, enjoyable lyrics.  I'm definitely recommending them to all of my friends.
I use this in my youtube videos a lot.  Great overall instrumentals which evoke quite a range of emotions.  Just for nice listening in the background at home too!
This is John Barr's fifth solo cd release. As with all his cds he has presented songs that are well known and ones that need to better  know. All I Am is the first ditigal download of one of Barr's cds so I am unable to tell you the wonderful artists behind the arrangements and who plays what. I have never had the opportunity to see John Barr perform in public and cannot remember how I discovered his work, but he's one few artists I can listening to over and over again. His choices of material, arrangements and his interpretation make him on my favorites list on iTunes. The wide range of material include Ray Noble to Stephen Schwartz to Jimmy Dorsey to Julie Gold to Barr himself. Songs include: Somethin' Good (Not to be confused with the song from The Sound of Music), Absent Minded Me, The Very thought of You, The Journey.His other albums include: Anything Can Happen, A Different Corner, In Whatever Time We Have, A Small Affair. Recommend it.
I cannot stop listening to this wonderful new CD.  My favorite songs are Lonely Guy and Life on Mars.  The music takes me back to a more innocent time and could be referred to as 'feel good' music with killer hooks galore.  The vocals are amazing and should catapault this band quite far.  The Beach Boys inspired harmonies are sublime.  This music is uplifting with that 'sunshine pop' sound that I really love.  I hope you will enjoy this as much as I have.  Rock On!Erica
I am a Daisy troop leader.  Some of the girls do not read fluently yet.  I handed out lyrics of the songs for the girls, and even the girls that were not great readers could follow along with the first track.  The singer's voice and the melodies are very nice.  I intend to use this CD in some way at every girl scout meeting.
I bought this album to play during the third session of the &#34;...3 Cheers for Animals&#34; Journey. My daughter loves it! She's well on her way to memorizing several of the songs. I particularly like the Daisy-related songs.
Great melody ,arrangement, and lyrics make this a must have for rock ballads.  Listen carefully to the lyrics as it has a message for those with long marriage histories.
Good for most Monkees fans, although a little too Vegas-y for my tastes.  Not much here fans wouldn't recognize, but a nice add to your collection.
I've been following this band for the last few years and they just keep getting better.  On As You Like It, the Nonrefundables expand beyond their punk and ska roots and nearly everything works.  The beauty in the jangly pop of "I Want You" and "When I Believe You" is balanced out with anger on the wicked "Crawl Inside" and the heavy shuffle of "You Lie". The catchy "For You" should be a massive hit but won't be because radio stations are too busy playing overproduced pap.  While all of these songs are great, they take it up another notch on the raucous "Venom and Disease" and "A Work Related Mixer" with the latter sounding like something out of a Quentin Tarantino movie. Other tunes like "Chaotic" and "I Could Be the One" are reminiscent of their older songs and are also very good. The acoustic version of "Fourth of July", an older track that was originally released on their release, This Is Art, is also a nice surprise. If you've never heard of the Nonrefundables, do yourself a favor and download As You Like It. You won't be disappointed.
"LA Attraction" is the fifth studio album by US-based project "AOR", originally released in 2006 by "MTM Music". "AOR" is the brain child of French songwriter/guitarist Frederic Slama, exploring the musical fields of adult oriented rock and melodic rock. Much like the previous "AOR" albums as well as the ones that followed, "LA Attraction", is an all-star project featuring such authorities of the genre as Steve Lukather, Peter Friestedt, Tommy Denander, David Williams and Philip Brdowell amongst others.Musically "AOR" is positioned right in the middle between melodic rock and westcoast AOR combining the intensity of the former (guitars and vocals) with the subtlety of the latter (keyboards and rhythm section). "LA Attraction" is a fairly straightforward album that moves within the traditional-stereotypical by some-AOR forms. Though the songwriting is directly influenced by melodic rock radio highlights of the `80s, the overall songwriting structure is pretty conventional without any pompous moments.Having said the above, one has to recognize that "AOR" is one of the few contemporary melodic rock projects that can balance perfectly melody and groove (in very similar fashion to "Toto"). So beyond the well-expected guitar keyboard melodies you will definitely find some very interesting groovy-jazzy patterns which-if nothing else- make for very interesting guitar solos and various harmonies. If you enjoy the combination of melodic rock and west-coast AOR with substantial radio appeal then LA attraction should make for a worthwhile purchase.
I remember Merry Clayton, so I recently revisited this recording. My vinyl copy died years ago. She still commands your attention with that country vocal quality. It was worth the price!
I was not use to this style of singing having only heard him in Phantom and Les Miserable and not other than show tunes,
I enjoy Broadway/show tunes, and this album had a nice mix of them.  Colm Wilkinson has a very distinctive voice, and it was interesting to hear his interpretation of both show tunes and some pop music as well. Some of his interpretations are a little over the top for my taste, so I tend to mix his songs in with other performers for a break.
So hard to find Colm's recordings.  This one is beautiful and certainly captures his passion and expression.  Some songs seemed out of place with his voice or maybe overly expressive, if that's possible.  All in all, a very enjoyable CD.
NancyVery nice group of songs for trial run on my new Kindle Fire HD.Have enjoyed listening to this album.
I always have believed Colm Wilkinson to be a great artist and this CD proves his incrediable talent all the more. The music ranges fron his perfromances that people know singing &#34;Music of the Night&#34; and &#34;Bring Him Home.&#34; He sings with great passion which makes it a joy to listen too. I recommend this to anyone who is a fan of musicals as he sings music from other musicals such as &#34;Jekyell and Hyde&#34; and anyone who likes a range of genres. He is a tenor so all his songs are for that kind of voice but it is wonderful CD that never gets old.
Birthday present for a co-worker.  He started listening to it right away on his computer.  I think it made his day.
All tracks are danceable and not boring.  I own other CDs of Hannah Jones.  She does not not disappoint...a must have!
Introspect is a band out of Columbus, Ohio that I had the pleasure of seeing as the opening act for the Doobie Bros. They mixed original songs with excellent covers of classic bands like the Allman Bros and The Doors. They made good set list decisions based on the demographic that night being age 45+. Introspect impressed me to the point that I purchased &#34;Evolutionary&#34; between sets and I am glad I did. Their style is alternative with a nod to classic rock and a definite blues flavor. This band has talent and is capable of big things. They have great stage presence in the live setting. As a useless aside, they are also perhaps the tallest band I've seen in a long time. I'm 6'5&#34; and most of the guys could look me in the eye. Give this CD a try.
OKLAHOMAhaiqeemal hakeem muhammad II3/25/1989born in OKC&lt;OKmoved later to Dallas,Tx.singer--songwritersuccess with--NOTHING SWEETER.2010.BP OKC 64
If you like practicing yoga withMaya Fiennes Kundalini Yoga: A Journey through the Chakras, you'll enjoy having some of her music so readily available.  I find it good to use for my own practice and for meditation. As you would guess based on the title, all tracks have mantras which repeat (except for the track "Deep Relaxation" which still serves its purpose well).  If you are new to meditation or have a hard time keeping your mind clear, the repeating mantras can be quite helpful to say aloud or in your head.Her songs each tend to evoke a particular mood:  calm, energized, happy, relaxed, by using a variety of music styles.  The only disappointment was that the music I absolutely love on her yoga dvd's were not on these tracks.
Just as the title reads, this is a peaceful set of solo piano pieces. Soft, melodic, and yet nothing spectacular. It is a good set to put on when making a nice dinner or when there is nothing on the tele (when is there anyways?). Just sit back and enjoy.
Strong effort, catchy tunes, KC rocks !
Like many fans, I was quick to write off Kingdom Come as a Led Zeppelin knockoff when I first heard their self-titled debut album. Still, when I ran across used copies of a pair of their later albums - 1993'sBad Imageand 1995's Twilight Crusier - I decided to give Lenny Wolf and company another try. I'm glad I did, because this band has certainly come a long way since "Get It On" hit the airwaves.Twilight Cruiser is a surprisingly mature album. The band's (and at this point it's pretty much Lenny Wolf and a rotating cast of characters) early, Zeppelin-esque sound is still there, but it's tempered by a more melodic and emotional approach, not unlike what Harem Scarem or later Honeymoon Suite would bring. The best elements of the band's early sound are in place, but the overall sound is smarter, more mature, and more polished. If America hadn't developed a most unhealthy grunge fixation at the time, this would have been the album to put Kingdom Come back on the map. Oh well, I guess there's always Japan.The end result is that this album helped turn me from an early skeptic to an avowed Kingdom Come fan. Will it do the same for you? There's only one way to find out!NOTE: Twilight Cruiser was recently reissued by the band, and should still be available directly, so don't let some ambitious vendor scare you off your search for this album with an unreasonably high price tag.
Upon hearing the song "What You Deserve" on a television show, I went and immediately purchased this CD.  I've been listening to it for a couple weeks now.  Hands down, "What You Deserve" is the best song on the album.  The lyrics are meaningful, and the music haunting and beautiful.  I recommend buying the CD if only for this song alone.  The rest sound like variations of the same song as they're very similar.  Brightest Day and Fear No More would rank as my second and third favorites.  Overall, I really enjoy listening to this and am anticipating the release of their followup on 3 May 2011.
This album is unlike anything I listen to normally, but it is quite good. The first two songs are my favorite. Sign is by far the greatest song on this album and if you are not looking to get the whole thing you should at least buy it as a single. The intro is addicting, Ive listened to it repeatedly and it never fails to wake me up or pump me up. The whole album has a very retro pop feel to it and may take some time to warm up to. Once you do get accustomed to it, its very worth it.
I'm still learning to like this music. Different, yes, but good. I'm sure it will grow on me over the next few weeks.
I have to admit that I was a little leary of downloading this album.  Don't get me wrong.  I love the band, and Early Prayers was awesome.  But that's the problem.  I was worried I was setting myself up for disappointment.  Well, after listening to Sacred a few times, I have to say my fears were unfounded.  There are truly some great tunes on this album.  Personal favorites include Ill Repute, Uplift (love the vocals), Sacred for Sale (awesome), and Only for You.My only complaint is that Sacred can be a bit uneven at times.  Early Prayers flowed pretty well from one song to the next.  Sacred jumps around from one musical style to another.  Not that that's a bad thing, but it can still be a bit jarring.  That being said, it's good to see them exploring their creative side (and not milking their first album for all it's worth).  I just hope they don't decide to completely abandon their reggae influenced sound on future albums, because that is where they truly shine as a band.So overall, definitely satisfied with this album.  Looking forward to more music from the Seeds in the future.
This is a great album!  I used to see The Figgs back in the mid-90s and they were the best power pop band going.  The live show was really high energy and I used to leave the show after they performed if another band played after  them.  The tracks Gone Spent and Ravena are catchy as hell.
This young lady has a terrific set of pipes, bringing a fresh take on some old favorites. Give a listen to her versions of I'm Walking and Blue Blue Day.Recommended for those who like Wanda Jackson, Rosie Flores or rockabilly.
I've been listening to the Beau Band for some time, as I am a Cincinnati native much like they are. This album is one of their finest works and the harmonic melodies laid down by frontman Beau Alquizola are just amazing. I urge you to check it out.
All of the titles on this album were the versions used in the game. The same cannot be said for the other album available "Songs From The Wasteland - Fall Out New Vegas"
This is a good mix of some of my favorite songs from the game, the only thing that would make it better would be a full soundtrack.
Would have appreciated this a lot more if all the songs from Fallout 3 were included. Still, it's not a bad buy if you're looking to listen to some tunes from the game.
While not a perfect soundtrack (once again, those in charge of the soundtrack seem to think that listeners will not miss a few excluded songs), The Songs of the Wasteland is a wonderful shot of old-time music, perfect for relaxing to, or in the event of a global nuclear apocalypse, loading onto your mp3 player so you'll have something to wander to until someone gets a radio station up.Really the only sad part about the soundtrack is the length. Five songs is pretty small, and you'll have heard them all in about 15 minutes at the most. Still, for the price, it's an enjoyable listening experience. Just...pick up a few other retro albums if you're planning on making a raider hunting playlist.
I am always trying to find what's new in the Indian rock scene. I was blown away by how good this album is. The vocals and guitar are awesome - awaken is my favorite. The recording quality could have been better - that's why I am giving it 4 stars. This album came out in 2009, a bit surprised as to why they haven't come out with another album. More power to you guys....
Adventure Galley is a band that is poised to explode on the alt rock/indie scene.  Having just won the Toyota Rock the Space 2 contest on MySpace, this Eugene, Oregon-based group has it all....original music, solid musicianship, and infectious sounds.  Do yourself a favor and get your hands on this.  It gets under your skin and finds a permanent niche in your brain.  My favorite track, and the one that aced the competition, is "Addict".  "Knife in the Sail" is another solid winner.Flip Soft Pouch for Flip Ultra and Mino Camcorders (Grey)
I enjoy the variety of artist and tune's, I do not have to &#34;baby-sit&#34; this CD to enjoy the favorites.
Just heard Another Catskill Raga on RadioParadise.com and was pretty taken with it. Makes me want to purchase the whole album. This song is primarily a catchy combination of slide guitar and tabla. Surprised this hasn't had more notice here.