Gwen Snyder and Blueberry are one of those bands more people should know about. Want to feel cool? Download these tracks, and be the first in your town to be loving Gwen's music. Jazzy, fun, mysterious, and exciting, add these tracks to your music folder, and enjoy them in a mix. You will find, when in a mix, Blueberry really stands out and commands attention. Yeah, and it makes you dance. Get all the albums. They're great. If you are in New York City, see her play!
I don't know why this guy isn't hugely popular.  I found him on accident and I think he's great.  Similar to up-beat Bruce Cockburn type music but catchier.
Just what I was looking for to finish out a playlist I had started for a birthday party for Shakespeare.  I found the initial first group of songs on this website:  [...].  Finding this album on Amazon.com will make for a sweet ending to my party!  "With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come!"  Wm. Shakespeare
I have been putting together a nice smooth jazz christmas playlist for years.  Every year I add a few new ones.  I like to hear some jazz guitar, piano and sax.  I realized that I didn't have any nice mellow clarinet christmas jazz.  After searching, I came across this album.  Most of the clarinet selections are quite nice and fit in well with my playlist.  The clarinet sound is very good with an excellent timbre and good production quality.  I highly recommend these songs.  (I only bought the ones with clarinet - so I can't speak towards the other songs.)
Tracked down this band from watching Memphis Beat. Not going into a song by song detail - just that I love this music. That's pretty much my review.
This is a great collection of some well known relaxing piano tunes.  Oceans 11 fans will recognize Clare de Lune.  Overall it is a great collection of some low tempo relaxing piano compositions.  Very much recommended.
Timeless, great name for an album that will take you away. Great for relaxing or just feeling the music. I also found it great for background when working on something that requires focus and concentration. I listened over and over, while reading or during dinner, the name says it all, is just &#34;TIMELESS&#34;. Thank you Michael for bringing back this amazing art presented in the form of sounds play by your amazing piano talent.
I really enjoy this album. It makes me dream beautiful dreams when I nap to it, or if I sit and listen, I feel transported to another world where everything is well and beautiful.  He definitely has skill.  He plays very well.
Equity Digital is rereleasing pianist Michael Dulin's two earlier classical recordings at the same time as his newest release, "Timeless: Classics for a New Age" (October 19, 2004). Originally released in 1999, "A Nice Boy From Brooklyn" is comprised of "The Gershwin Songbook," Six Preludes, and eight Improvisations that were never written down by Gershwin himself, but were transcribed from live radio broadcasts from 1926 and 1928 by Artis Wodehouse. Dulin's mastery of the piano makes all thirty-two tracks seem effortless and showcase his brilliant virtuosity as well as his amazing versatility. A world-class pianist with a long career in classical music, Dulin makes all of these pieces his own, giving them a sparkling freshness and a feeling of spontaneity. He added some of his own embellishments to the improvisations, but otherwise, remains faithful to Gershwin's original scores.The extensive liner notes, also written by Dulin, give insight into Gershwin's personality with quotations from other artists and people who knew Gershwin, and then gives a history of many of the selections. "The Gershwin Songbook" was originally published in 1932, and is made up of eighteen variations and arrangements of songs that Gershwin used to entertain his friends in the intimacy of living room settings. Many of Gershwin's most famous and popular songs are included such as "The Man I Love," "Swanee," "Fascinating Rhythm," "Lady Be Good," "'S Wonderful," and "I Got Rhythm." The variety of styles is amazing - from bluesy ballads to full-tilt finger-flying jazz. Dulin's emotional range and tonal colorations are remarkable. The Six Preludes are quite short, and Dulin calls the firs three "his most perfect compositions." Of the six, I especially like "Blue Lullaby," a dark, slinky little piece. Some of the eight Improvisations are variations or arrangements of pieces from the songbook, so it is fascinating to see what Gershwin (and Dulin!) did to flesh them out. Again, Dulin's playing is fresh and flawless. Some of the titles in this section of the recording are "Clap Yo' Hands," "Someone to Watch Over Me," "Sweet and Low Down," and "'S Wonderful/Funny Face."If you are new to Gershwin's music,  "A Nice Boy From Brooklyn" is an absolute must-have. If you know all of Gershwin's music, this is also a must-have to hear the music as it was composed and interpreted by the composer himself. So much of Gershwin's music has been performed and recorded over the years, and most of it is improvised and arranged by the various musicians who play it, so it's refreshing as well as informative to hear the "real deal" - or, at the very least, how the music began and evolved during Gershwin's life. I give "A Nice Boy From Brooklyn" my highest recommendation. Great stuff!
beautiful classical music passages arranged for easy listening. very relaxing music to have as dinner background music or to nap to.
This is a beautifully crafted album. I'm glad to see it available on Amazon. If you haven't heard Deborah Liv Johnson before, start here. Then follow her through the years with her later recordings; all unique. Each song will touch you in ways most other music can't. Enjoy.
In the 90ies a co-worker gave me a toy stuffed rain deer for Christmas.  When you pushed the stomach the deer would sing this cut song.  After it quit working some years later I wanted to have the song.  Easily found it on Amazon and have enjoyed it very much.
My husband didn't think&#34; parting the waters&#34; was Jewish, he'd heard it before. It is very inspirational music with talented artists with good singing voices.On holidays-Passover now, it was nice to listen to Jewish music sung in some synogogues,as well. It can be hauntingly beautiful-I got it with &#34;Shabat&#34; album.It is hard to be Jewish in a largely Christian society-religious or not,where The Christian religion is pushed by media,prosylitizing for the Christian religion-instead of stating spring vacation they say,easter vacation, instead of mid-winter vacation,they say Christmas vacation.Considering, America is supposed to be a secular society with freedom of religion-it is disheartening but buy these Jewish albums ,which i downloaded. I can immerse myself in my religion or rather my heritage. i am a child born in Europe shortly after the Holocaust with my grandparents ,aunts cousins and most of my relatives exterminated in the most heinous manner, even though we have religious ,etc intermarraige in the family, I can never forgive the Christian motivated Holocaust. Because of their Christian religion, their Savior cannot return without the Jewish people returning to Israel and subsequently being exterminated to the last man,woman, and child-their Jewish savior ,Jesus, will not rise ,again-the Christian religion is abominible-how can a god be killed,anyway? Can the devil be killed? And if there is a God,how can a devil exist? Isn't God all powerful?
Excellent music from a little known group.  It helps that most of the music is about Mopars and has a mopar on the jacket.
Da Silva is a classical guitarist who plays Beatles music (and other pop standards.) He must be heard to be believed. I love this album and have the whole thing on my usual rotation of music in my car.
Love absolutley love this group. I think I have downloaded or own every song or album they have made.  Just go and listen.
I have been listening to some awesome 80s electro lately mostly at the gym and Man Parrish is one of the best.  Picked this up and tossed it on my ipod.  Boogie Down Bronx is the best song IMO but all the rest are just awesome too.
Sean Hayes does a great job having fun with this album.  I certainly enjoyed all of the songs and have introduced him to alot of my friends.
This CD is the best purchase I made in 2010.  I've listened to it over and over.  I can't get enough of it.  It's the firt CD I've owned from this aritst and he has been making music for over 10 years.  This CD was out in 2003, he has since had, I think, 4 more since this one and a couple before.  I now own all of his CDs and I cannot wait to savor each one of them.  I am listening to Flowering Spade right now and it's awesome.  I will say it's  little different than Alabama Chicken, it seems to have a little more of an upbeat feel to it.  All of the CDs are a different and I like that, but Alabama Chicken is, by far, one of my top 5 CDs I own.  Rattlesnake Charm, Little Maggie, and Smoking Signals are 3 of the best songs I've ever heard.  I just don't understand why artists like this are not played on the radio.  Often when I have the CD playing people want the name of the CD and artist so they can go buy it.
I heard Alabama Chicken on the Emerson College (Boston) radio station and liked the vibe, so I bought the CD.  What a treat this entire album is!  Sean's voice is so expressive, like he's singing to your heart.  Musically, it sounds like a group of very talented friends getting together for some serious play and hitting that magical place where everything comes together.  Little Maggie is a great rendition of a traditional tune and Walkin down the Line is a nice version of the Dylan classic.  The rest are originals, with Here We Are a standout for me.  Some sad love songs on here as well, for those times when you need a sad love song.  Highly recommended and I hope his work gets the airplay it deserves.
Very talented, obscure artist. Heard one of his songs on Pandora and had to check him out. Glad I did.  If you like folk, you'll enjoy this album
I have heard several songs by Sean Hayes, and consider them all good. A friend introduced me to Alabama Chicken, and I think its one of the best albums I have heard in a long time.  Sean does an amazing job of combining Bob Dylan and Bob Wills.  Every song on the album is great.
...then you'd have Richie Castellano & Andy Ascolese's "2 Part Invention." With 16 tracks clocking in at over 54 minutes, it's the perfect blend of catchy pop hooks, well-crafted lyrics, and radio-friendly rock 'n' roll instrumentals. I could totally imagine every track broadcast over the radio waves and out of my boombox speakers in 1997. There are many different styles present on the album and that's part of the fun: there's something for everyone!I discovered Richie from his membership in Blue Oyster Cult and, having seen him a few times in concert, decided to try out his solo material. While it's totally different from Blue Oyster Cult's hard rock and psychedelic style (and rightfully so, as Castellano only joined the band in the past decade, well after they stopped producing new material), it's nice to see an artist steeped in the traditions of rock 'n' roll yet capable of making something new and charming. I encourage you to preview the tracks and see what you think! Looking forward to more from Richie and Andy. Cheers!
You cannot go wrong with this download. You get a great sounding band organ that kids will love and adults will love it also. I own it and it is wonderful. Great for kids parties or adult listening.
I had the album on repeat the entirety of my son's first birthday party. It was carnival themed and this set the mood perfectly.
We purchased this music just before our son's carnival birthday party when he was 10 years old. With this music playing in the background, it gave everyone a real feeling of being at a carnival. Corn dogs, sno-cones, games & more...this just added to the day of fun!
Perfect sound for my purposes.  The kids love the sound, like the circus!  A full hour of music to enjoy.
Used it in a carnival/bazaar at our church this past Memorial Day. Put it the iPod, continuous play, and we're set.
I was surprised but I really like this CD...he does have talent and this is a nice collection of standards, a nice CD for a cocktail party or just sitting in front of the fire with a glass of wine.
I picked this up on CD format years ago from the hands of Ray Flacke himself.  This is still one of my favorite albums to put on and just relax to.  It's all acoustical, no lyrics or other instruments found here.  Ray Flacke has a way about him that is wholly infectious, both in his music and personally.  He's been a telecaster guitar player for decades, and his solo work is nothing short of incredible.  Do yourselves a favor and snatch this up immediately.  This was a self produced album, so more of a reason to give your money to the master behind this album.  Put it on, kick back with a glass of wine(or water if you're not into that) and enjoy.  You'll feel like you should be in a quiet candlelit tavern on an undiscovered corner of the universe, feeling your cares wash away as Ray does what he does best, seduces a guitar to it's weakining point, and making it his own, through and through.
Laura Kanani is one of the most talented singer song-writers that unfortunately has yet to be discovered. Her songs are clever heart wrenching confessions of the soul. Her voice is amazing and her range is unparalleled. The only downfall is that there is only four songs available! Listen, love, buy you won't regret it!
Eric McFadden is a guitarist jack-of-all-trades and Master of ALL of them!The greatest musician to ever come out of New Mexico, Eric currently calls San Francisco home, but truly, he makes himself at home on every stage he steps upon. Whether it be playing with his spectacularly eclectic Eric McFadden Trio, Stockholm Syndrome (with Jerry Joseph), or solo, McFadden gives voice to the full-throated sounds that can only emanate from a guitar when coaxed by a virtuoso. And McFadden fills those shoes very comfortably.This collection, with collaborator/mentor Stanton Hirsch, will captivate anyone who loves the majesty the guitar is capable of in the hands of those who play with their hearts and souls.
I enjoy piano from time to time,and Jim's Rise was the first one to make me notice him and his music.This one uses a nice mix with other instruments and even a few voices.His piano choices,playing,and use of other instruments,draw me back from time to time.Just nice relaxing,comefort music to let your mind go.this is one Of his nice ones.His other are good too,this one just fits my mood at this time.Keep going James!
Well, if you've listened to "Beyond, Beyond" you already know what a good few of these songs already sound like.However, the songs unique to this album are very good. This release is a lot more Drum N Bass heavy than most of his other material, but it's good stuff. This is coming from a guy who can't take to much DNB to.I L-O-V-E LOVE the song, "My Angel." The jingle moving up and down to the drum n bass beat is just so relaxing to hear and it's honestly the main reason I sought out the cd so hard.The song, "The Sweetest Sounds" is also a good one to me. It's another song that takes that mellowed out Drum n Bas road so present on this album.The self-titled song, "Beyond" is also excellent to. I love how chill that piano comes on in the song and how the rest of the beat works around it.
JUST THE BEST, IT JUST WHAT I WANTED. AND THE SONG YOU GOT TO BELIEVE IN MAGIC IS THE BEST . THANK YOU. SJL
Just bought this today, love all the songs I've heard thus far.  I will be purchasing more in the near future
I ordered Hogs in Wolf's Clothing The Groundhogs to get more of McPhee's wonderful British rock blues and move forward to complete my collection.  This is a large compilation of music and is a great buy, as one day soon, it most likely be out of print.  Get yours now and experience British Blues Rock at it's best.
I love Gregorian Chant music. I have a ton of it with a specific Play List with only Gregorian Chant music on it. You have to love Gregorian Chant to appreciate this tribute to Elton John. You can't be expecting to hear an Elton John sound-a-like album.I appreciate what modern Gregorian Chant vocalists are doing with some popular music and I sincerely appreciate it.If you love Gregorian Chant AND Elton John, you will enjoy this.I'm glad I didn't let the negative reviews posted here affect my decision to put this MP3 on my amazon.com Wish List.
This band is the most well kept secret in America!  Go see these guys live-they will blow your mind!!  Two lead singers, Kipp and Mark, share the microphone, to deliver tight harmonies, lyrics and energy.  This CD showcases some of their slower, more acoustic stuff but they do it all!! Any savvy collector needs to add the Garage Demos (Slow stuff/Fast stuff/and now Other stuff) to their collection!!
Love these guys, used to see them live back in the 90s when they put this out. Brings back great memories.
This is a relaxing, mellow album, that I was led to, strangely enough, via a website for Geico that featured the lead track Homecoming Weekend in a Small Town.The album doesn't get heavy play on my iTunes but I return to it enough.  I have learned that it is was a solo project, and debut, by John Wu who seems to have given up on music, which is a shame.
In many ways reminiscent vocally of The Sundays, but with the tranquility of the Innocence Mission... a fantastic combination.  The CD is beautiful and very peaceful.
Comparisons to the Go-Gos are inevitable, and it's not too far off...really super catchy pop-punk that would appeal to "real" punk fans as well as the hordes of teenybopper pop-punk girls. The 3 originals sound like The GoGos sped up with more energy, catchy hooks, and tight musicianship.  The Nena cover is a good choice, the band does it justice and Sheila's vocals deliver the goods. This is a great band to check out, especially if you're into bands like Fabulous Disaster, The Excessories, Halo Friendlies, Go Betty Go etc.
Ronald Roybal provides a hauntingly beautiful introduction to Native American and Southwest music.  Sunrise Song offers an ethereal greeting to the Sun, pure flute music unaccompanied by other instruments.  This piece captures for me the stark beauty of the American Southwest and speaks of vast, timeless spaces.  Walking in Beauty adds restrained use of drum and rattle to the melody of the flute.  This is a calming, quiet tune for meditation.  Eagle Dance Song opens with imagery of a eagle soaring majestically on currents of air and is pure flute.  Badger Warrior opens with drum, rattle, flute and bells - close your eyes and fall into a dream of older times.  Water's Breath is an inspired song of morning mist and dew on the leaves.  Drum, Rattle and Flute lead into Dance of the Butterflies with a gentle drumbeat throbbing like the heart of nature.  Arising with the Dawn combines Ronald's sensitive flute with the gentle tones of a Spanish guitar and is evocative of those first waking moments.  Spirits of Acoma offers another combination of flute and guitar and remembers those who came before, suitable for one of the oldest inhabited places in North America.  Jornada Del Muerto "Journey of the Dead Man" recalls the desolation of the trail through the Jornada Del Muerto Desert from Old Mexico up into New Mexico.  Guitar and flute offer a quiet meditative mood for Taos Vespers.  El Dorado opens with the gentle yearning of the guitar and the flute begins a faster tempo to begin the start of a quest.
This CD is perfect background music for ease and gentleness.  I use it in the classroom during brakes and before class.  It diffuses stress.
Give a listen to "Kisses in the Sun," "Mister Greenlight," and "Main Street" (the latter two are available in full at their web site, Echolyn.com). Strong Beatles influence; and "All The Rage" has a bit of Elliot Smith. Very nice stuff, all around -- my second favorite Echolyn CD after "As The World."
Chris McKenna is an incredible songwriter and musician.  This work, like the White Album, Songs in the Key of Life, and Sign O' the Times before it, is one of the those rare pieces of popular art which is strengthened (rather than burdened) by its lengthiness.  The breadth and scope of the music contained on Soundtown is astounding.  Coupled with a passion for crafting gorgeous melodies is Chris's gift for subtlety and minimalism in his production.  There is a warmth to the recording that is so inviting; headphones are a must.  The performances by all the musicians (including Chris himself on a number of instruments) are executed with a sensitivity toward the nuances of the songs, and Chris's fragile Beach Boy-ish vocal harmonies are as soothing and unpredictable as a distant swell of Jersey Shore breakers sweeping against the sand on a summer's night.This is pop songwriting in the truest classic sense.  Chris McKenna understands his craft and clearly has the utmost reverence for it.  The packaging is first-class as well; therefore, I encourage you all to seek out the compact disc recording.  MP3s are nice, but who doesn't like a bit of reading material accompanying their music purchase?Chris Mckenna's Soundtown is nothing short of an underground classic.  As eagerly as I am anticipating his next creative effort, any artist would be proud to achieve such an accomplishment even just once in the span of a career.  If I only had more than two thumbs to raise for this one!
Apryl has an amazing voice and if you like Alanis Morisette, then you will love Apryl. Highly recommend this album.
The best Jim ever did, I love the way he strikes the keys, when you here it you know it's got to be Jim Chappell
It's surprising how much I liked this album. If there was a category of music called "alternative indie electronica" then this album would be front and center. There is a clear New Order influence here swirling in the melancholic backgrounds, with an occasional whiff of the Sundays, and a dash of Sunscreem and Blondie, a veritable pot pourri of depressive influences that work well together.For example, consider the song "Kit Club Hotel". Any song that begins with 'You remind me of an open sore' deserves careful attention. So one isn't surprised when the lyrics end on a nadir: 'It's too late for me'. Good stuff.The album is released by Hybris, an independent Swedish label, and the frigid northern Scandinavian air is palpable throughout the album, like the foggy bleak backdrop of a Wallander episode. The Krister Henriksson version, that is, since Kenneth Branagh still reminds me of Henry V, and I expect him at any moment to trot into Ystad Police Station on a charger muttering "we few, we happy few, we band of brothers" under his breath.
I came across this album quite by accident when i was looking for another artist by the same name.  Upon first listen, i was quite surprised at the unique quality that this techno music had.  Most techno that i have heard, or listen to, doesn't have much of a purpose but to thump.  The thing about this album is that, even though its a completely instrumental track listing, i felt each track was telling a story as i listened to it.  Two stand out tracks that i can't seem to get tired of are "The Don Johnson Song! Baby!" and "This Song Makes My Dad Feel Sick".  Overall its really fun to listen to, and a nice treat for people willing to listen to upbeat and quirky instrumental dance music.
This cd is packed with beautiful music. The two songs that really touch me are "Such A Beautiful Day" and "Wave". Beth has a great voice and her keyboard playing is amazing.. If your a fan of Beth , then don't even think twice about buying this..just buy it. I hope she has plans for future releases.
This is some very uplifting music. Church is now using some of the songs to transition from one worship service to another since we have two. I play this CD constantly. I love it. It sounds really good on the Big Jambox. I definitely would recommend it.
When I first became a believer at age fifty I had already been exposed to the rather shallow and repetitive of most current "Christian Contemporary Music" and was not very enthused. I am surely influenced by my age and my childhood exposure to songs with deep meaning and memorable melodies. But, no one today writes with the reverence and awe that writers like Isaac Watts and John Wesley did.While there are always exceptions, I wanted to find songs that were both nostalgic and reverent in their approach to the gospel and to God. Mary Barrett's two hymn based albums "Take My Life" and "Hymns 2" are exceptionally well done newer renditions of some great old songs.This is my favorite of the two albums. My favorite song is "When I survey The Wondrous Cross" which employs a different arrangement than most people are familiar with, but is much prettier and memorable, I think. The cello accompaniment is wonderfully moving. My other favorites are "Amazing Grace", "My Jesus I Love Thee" and "Fairest Lord Jesus". The rest are songs that I have heard often enough that they don't appeal to me as much as those Ive mentioned, but they are very well done.Mary's voice is very pretty, yet somewhat self-effacing. Her performances are not centered on her, but rather on the object of her obvious worship. These are simple yet evocative new renditions of these old favorites. I highly recommend Mary Barrett to anyone who wants to hear these songs sung in a spirit of true worshipful and reverent awe.
This is a good classic trance type music. This reminds me of when trance first came out here in Chicago with d.j. Markski,  and by golly it moves the heart rythem and soul. his is good music for the nostalgic moment, working out or whatever the occasion mite be. Good work.
This is the trance album for anyone seeking a soundtrack to fuel an intense session of deep thought / introspection / hard work. Contains some very classic trance tracks woven together into a non-stop mix... I wish I could find more albums like this on the market.
Lou Christy worked hard to be unique in the highly competitive 60's music market, and he succeeded.  This is an excellent collection of his more popular songs, including Gypsy and Two Faces Have I.
I chose the highest rating because I love this music and CD.  It reminds me of my youth and brings back such wonderful memories.  I'm a baby-boomer and this is my type of music.  I grew up in the 50-60's era so that's why this is my favorite type of music.  I recommend it to anyone who enjoys this era and all encompasses.
There were (correct me I'm wrong) 3 famous  white guys who had several hits employing falsetto in the 1960's. Of course Frankie Valli is the most famous, and deservedly  so.But let's not forget Del Shannon or The great Lou Christie. "The Gypsy  Cried," "2 Faces Have I." Need I say more? Okay "Lightning  Strikes." Also includes  a funky version of "Stay" by Maurice  Williams.  Dig it and get it 60's freaks. I know you're out there hiding. Time to emerge from that closet. What are you gonna do, listen to Justin Bieber?
LISTENING BRINGS BACK GREAT MEMORIES. THIS GYPSY CRIED. LISTENING WAS LIKE LIGHTING STRIKING AGAIN. IT IS GREAT TO HEAR THEM AGAIN.
Great album full of great electronic dance beats with ethereal vocals that stitch it all together nicely. The kind of music that when heard immediately conjurers up powerful otherworldly imagery.A Day like this: The first track makes me think of soaring through the sky in a flying car during a thunderstorm.When its real: Perhaps my favorite track, i'm walking aboard a space-station while a star is being consumed by a massive blackhole.See alot: Great remix tracks that make a great soundtrack when reading my favorite novels. Sci-fi novels of course!Anyway I highly recommend the album to those who like electronic music, club music and fans of science-fiction. I look forward to hearing more from the band.
Tribute CD's are usually fundraisers for a charity and prove to be little more than an excuse for horrid cover versions by artists you've never heard of.&#34;FDR's Tribute to the Who: Who's Not Forgotten&#34; accomplishes one thing that makes it worth the cost of admission: It captures the spirit of the band it is honoring.Though I wouldn't say I love every single track, I didn't once skip to the next selection... and I genuinely was entertained all the way to the end. A couple are now regular fixtures on my iTunes playlist and a few more are growing in stature with each listen.
Katie Thompson has an amazing voice and I have been a huge fan since I first heard her sing more than 5 years ago!!!!!  Be prepared to become a huge fan yourself!
Yet another amazing ambient journey created and composed by Richard Bone. So far I managed to collect about 25 of his albums and this one is one of his best.This is a thematic and immersive work that is best experienced by listening to the whole album in sequence. All the tracks have a dreamy and in some cases a "warm" feel to them (e.g. The Seduction Of Dr Pasteur).If you like thematic works like this - you'd definitely like a lot of, if not all his ambient albums. Two later releases of Richards have a similar thematic structure and are well worth tracking down :  Ghosts Of Hanton Village and Sudden Departure
I recently discovered this amazing artist and have since bought ALL of his works, at least the ones I can find. This piece is very good and I can vision microbes floating around very serenely ;)
I'm a fan of both genres of music - Balkan/Roma and swing - and have long fantasized about finding a band that blends the two. Well, Fatima Spar und die Freedom Fries nail it. The swing parts roar and deliver the perfectly danceable lindy beat (Egyptian Ella), and the Balkan beat parts spin and jump right along (Kizilciklar Oldu Mu). And of course now and then the album slows down for a quietly charming bit (such as Kibirli Ceviz). I got this album, and I'm happy, and now I only wish I could see them live.
I am an avid Beirut and Gogol Bordello fan and I love gypsy / balkan tunes. I saw Fatima Spar and the Freedom Fries live in Brooklyn, NY and truly enjoyed their witty, fun sense of music and their dynamic stage performance. It took me a while to get their CD since it's rarely available in the US (I finally got a used on for &lt;$20, yeay !) but I got there ! I have been listening to it on a daily basis, and even my parents who are not that into balkan music kept asking me about the performers. The CD is ~50 minutes and features my favorite tune, Bosa Noga. I hope more organizers bring them over to US for a tour since they are so many festivals that host groups similar to them.
It's a beautiful calming music CD, which puts me immediately in a peaceful mood. I would highly recommend it for meditating, massage therapy, out just simple relaxation. I also love that the tracks are 20 min.long.
Keith Christmas was such an inspiration in the late 60s, with his etherial voice and dazzling guitar. It's so good to hear these songs again.
This is their first cd and it is still the best one! It is a blend of Russian folk and American rock and roll.
Such an amazing vocal anomaly! Cannot wait to suggest it to every one that I know! If you do not like this album then you need to seriously refine your musical knowledge and taste.
I saw Brandon Kelley in concert a few years ago when he opened for Corey Smith in Montgomery, Alabama and I was immediately a huge fan. His voice is beautiful and captivating. I can listen to this album on repeat for months and not get tired of it!
This album may be several years old but it is amazing!  Life Changes is my personal favorite, being about how life's changes can all be handled easily if you turn them over to God.  Windows and Doors is about how just because what you thought you wanted is not available to you one way doesn't mean that God doesn't have another path in mind for you.  I was hooked in one listen and you will be, too!
If you like Bryan Adams, you will really like this album.  The advertisement does not spell out who the singer is, but they really do sound like Bryan.
Heavy, fast and ferocious -the best words to describe this band.  This is a compilation that combines two demos, one from 1985 and the other 1987.  Listening to these songs, it's hard to imagine this band really goes back that far as the sound is very clean (for demos) and pretty heavy for being close to the start of thrash.  They remind me a smidgen of Exodus -just a little bit.  But I digress, these guys are great -if you're a thrash enthusiast, get this -well worth it.
maybe a word here and there. I think it's sort of funny-sounding when it's being spoken actually, but it sounds less harsh and quite nice when it's in a pop song. Sibiria are good singers and good melodists (that's sort of a real word?) and they make it sound very pretty. The members' voices gel very well together when they sing in chorus, and they can carry a tune like nobody's business. Some of the stuff on here is poppier and some is more ballad-like. It's really excellent stuff to listen to at work or when you're painting/drawing. I would also recommend checking out another Swede-band, Vapnet.
Beautiful music!  Calming and sensual.  It is one of our favorites!  I will look for more albums like this one.
The only reason I can see for the toy dolls not being well known is that they are very silly.  Check out some of their videos on you tube especially &#34;Nelly the Elephant&#34; and their very strange version of dueling banjos.  If you ever liked punk at all (not hardcore more of the Ramones/Sex Pistols type stuff) then you really should give this a listen and make up your own mind.
Wow!  What a wonderful flashback and memories of my teenage years!  Thank you for making it available!  It is just like I remembered my vinyl album and 45s.
Great meditation music. Great selections of songs. I recommend this to be used for that special quiet time of reflection of the day.
I'm a long-time Idaho fan and I have to say, I love this album. It's not as traditionally idaho-ish as most of their other stuff, more experimental and synth-influenced, but no worse for the wear. The album has a considerable range artistically, and unlike the other reviewer I totally dig the polka track. (It's not entirely a polka song, but you'll hear the tuba for sure.) I find TLG to be very listenable. It's got plenty of depth and texture to keep you stimulated if you focus on listening- if you don't, it's mellow and smooth enough to not distract you. I make an occasional 8 hour road trip from San Diego to Tucson and I listen to this album every time. Highly recommended for long desolate treks across open desert, breakup soundtracks, and indie movies (some day, it'll be the soundtrack to my own indie movie.) Buy it. Nuf said.
Both this video and the CD are incredibly well done.  First class musicians and entertainers (these guys are amazing live--they don't need all of the bells and whistles to make them sound good!).  Finally, the real thing.
Usually I wouldn't expect an EP of remixes to be worth the time, but this is a big exception.  I loved "Mainstay" to begin with, and each variation was totally original.  The quality of the remixes really surprised me.  Check it out; choose a favorite version- pedal mix might be mine.
I love this band, and had been looking for this CD in stores for a few weeks. Considering they have a relatively small fan base, and this is their first official CD, it was difficult to find in stores. Ended up ordering online, and I love it. You definitely have to listen to some songs a couple of times before making a final judgement, but if you like Ludo to begin with, you will certainly love this CD.
OK to be honest, I had never heard of Ludo until I saw them open for The Presidents at House of Blues in Anaheim a couple of weeks ago.  They ROCKED!!  So I decided to buy a copy of their album, I was not disappointed.Their quirky lyrics over the heavy ska/punk instrumentals makes for a great combination, and Ludo has quickly taken their position as a most played on my MP3 player.Great songs, lots of fun, mounds of attitude, and `I can watch Good Will Hunting by myself!'
I love this voice and love her talent and also love her face too..... so I'm glad I found her. They played the song "New Mercies" of hers on Pandora and I was hooked. I went to see more of her work and she's what this world needs more of. Someone that feels inside, filled with a gentle spirit and kindness. If you like that kind of music, you'll find a real treat here. Kinda like Nora Jones or that type of wispy beautiful music. Thanks Joe....
This CD culminates the highlights from only two albums created as a side project from Psyche singer Darrin Huss with various collaborators. Choose Your Weapon, Night Stalker and Dead Agent are like a mix up of Skinny Puppy, Chris And Cosey, and early Ministry, but somehow rawer and occasionally quite chilling in atmosphere.A serious industrial highlight, get "The Itch"!
I meet Dr.Draw when he came to houston a couple weeks ago and did a performance at a club down town. the second i herd him play i was mesmerized. His music is so beauitul its a mix of so much its just so beautiful. Everyone in my family from my mom my grandmother my brother everyone loves it. as do i. i recogmend this cd to anyone and everyone. and if you ever get the chance go see him live. its amazing.
I was at the Beaches Jazz Festival in Toronto, and Dr. Draw was playing.  I immediatly fell in love with his music.  It is not rock, nor jazz, nor anything I have heard before.  I love fiddle.
I have never heard such beautiful music!  I was walking in the mall and heard the music and thought it was a whole symphony playing and it was only him, I immediately ran over and bought his CD.  Everyone in the family loves it, including the small children.  I would definitely recommend this CD to everyone.
I was first recommended a song off this album, "Pushkin" from Youtube(which so happens to be the only song by Dr.Draw on the site) and I was immediately engaged and entranced by the techno/electronic beats mixed with the beautiful vibrato emanating from Mr.Dr.Draw's violin. I never would have conceived to combine these two styles of music, one whose history can be traced to 16th century combined with the machine drum and synth beats of the late 20th century. Do not get the wrong idea, this album does not display the exciting and frantic beats evident in the music of an artist like Deadmau5, but Dr.Draw creates a genre of it's own. The music in this album can be characterized by one word only: ethereal. An ethereal, ear-blowing experience.
And then comes the tunder! Blue hear, boy in his 20`s with violin. Dancing and playing like a God from fare civilization..Music...No words to add.Later, we spoke for about a couple min.Finaly I got some use of my Russian language and chat with Him. We stood togheter and there was that music in my ears..that young man is promising Star!Hug, and I left. Last look towords Him and silent violin took me again. Later in the car, I didn`t understood how I got home.I still play &quot;The City&quot;, I still dream about Alex(andria)..If you ever hear it, you will never forget it ! Eugen, may Force stay with you;slavjansky bratmisterno@myway.com
I just saw Dr Draw at the Washington DC Pride Festival and I can tell you he is truely mesmorizing.  He took a big empty square and had it filled with a cheering crowd by the middle of his first song.  I would also like to say that his rendition of Ave Maria was absolutely superb.
I was at (...) Pride in Atlanta, Ga USA.  We wondered up to a stage and Dr. Draw was performing.  He was absolutly great.  By far the most original osund I have heard.  I decided I had to buy his cd.  I searched ALL over the net and I LOVE it.  My favorite cd i have to date.  Worth the price, even if you have to internationally ship like i did.
Such a beautiful voice and the songs were wonderful...I went from wanting to dance to laughing to smiling.  I just plain enjoyed listening to these songs!
Somehow I stumbled onto this on Spotify. I've only heard it once, but found it to be especially charming and delightful music. Ephemerally pleasant, a kind of mind candy.
Almost no filler and every track is so much fun to listen to again and again. I love this album! :-) Olga Rajecka is so talented and she has such an amazing voice! Highly recommended if you like fun, quirky, dreamy female pop music with real heart to it.
I just listened to all the professional covers I could find of "Wondering Where the Lions Are" on yt and loved the variety. I'm a big fan of Cockburn's music from way back; even when I don't agree with the politics, he always serves up good food for thought. This album is a an excellent selection of Bruce's greats very well done. Play all the samples and see if you can't appreciate this tribute too. For under $7, it's a great deal.
You can listen to the ablum over and over again, it is what the name of the band is, a beautiful woman. The music is ambient and beautiful, the lyrics  GET THIS ALBUM IF YOU ARE GOTH and into synth music! can be corny at times with a thick italian accent, but loveable.
I think this is a fantastic album...I've owned it for quite a while and when I dig it out it usually stays in the player for weeks and weeks...I think that the reviewer who gave it 0 stars needs to listen again...I've also seen Virgil play live several times and can't wait to see him play again...and I'm gonna be dragging a bunch of friends with me. He's a terrific songwriter and one of the most compelling performers I've seen (and I see a LOT).
Martin Lane is a talented artist.  His organ renditions of popular &#34;oldies, but goodies&#34; is different.  I really like these types of instrumental numbers, and I like the selections chosen for the album.  (PS:  I'm over 50 years old, so this is my kind of music.)
Joe had left NYC for London when this album came out. I could no longer see him live at the Lady's Fort or Rasheed Ali's Ali's Alley. This album captures Wilson at his best with musicians he regularly played with. It is a joy.
this is a great album!  with a solid blend of dark drum and bass and hindi style and sounds this is one of the best albums i have heard in years.  up there with Talvin Singh's OK. great use of bansuri and other traditional indian instruments coupled with fat beats and heavy bass.  all without getting overly repetitive or boring (as D&B can get sometimes). what a pleasure!
Numerous artists and number 1 hits, great listening to anywhere you go or anywhere your at. A+++++ suggest to everybody.
Caterina Valente. A wonderfull singer in a wonderfull recording.I love it. I am sure you will enjoy hearing her beautifull voice.
I love this cd. It has various song hits from top artists in Italy. The selection is a great one and the sound is fantastic. Buying from Amazon MP3's makes it easy to buy and download. It is hard to find Italian music where I live so I either have to order them online or use a music service. Amazon allows you to preview and then purchase and download. My favorite way to purchase music. This way you don't have to waste time and money and get what you really don't want. If you don't like it then don't buy it but at least you can try it first. I love this type of service. Thank you Amazon. This cd has a great selection of songs.
I got wind of this group through watching a favorite TV show of mine and now enjoy their great sound.
I didn't buy the whole album just certain musics that I liked, hopefully later I'll buy the rest.  I heard this album at a friends house which I enjoyed very much.  It is different musicians singing Cher songs which makes it unique and enjoy to listen too.  Even though you may love the original version but you need to open your eyes and mind to hear the remakes.  The title says it all, it is &#34;A Tribute to Cher&#34;  meaning they are honoring her with their style of music and I am sure the Cher is greatly appreciated for these musician.
I've seen these guy live 4 or 5 times.  They put on a great show, and their cd hasn't left my cd player since I got it.  Stand out tracks include, AOK, Another Night, Shine, and Faster.  All of the songs are catchy and fun to listen to.  You will definitely find yourself singing along to this record.
I wasn't familiar with this album until recently, though I've been familiar with Audience's other albums since they came out in the early 70's.  It's a lot like their other work except the songs are shorter and there's a bunch of them crammed in here.  Obviously the band took the approach of expanding on their songs after this album.  Nonetheless for anyone who may be familiar with Audience's other albums, this one offers up a very enjoyable listen.
My vinyl audience collection is finally complete thanks to Lilith Records. Very good quality sound. Too bad it did not have liner notes. Saw them twice in Winnipeg 4 years ago, something that I thought would never be possible. It even came with a bonus CD of the first release by Audience, which I didn't need since I ordered it from an Amazon seller years ago.
One of the rare "like 'em all" albums and far more diverse and funky than AJ's other two albums.  AND the cheaper of the four.  Highly recommended.  Faves: "Crooklyn" and "Cobra."
Again, Iron Maiden shows no signs of fading with the second single from A Matter of Life and Death" Different World. This single itself contains the two tracks previously only available on the 7" vinyl single for Benjamin Breeg. For a collector, this is an easy buy, low cost, fun to listen to. With the loud crunch and reasonable speed, this is a great opening track for the album. Upbeat and good chorus. Pick this up, you will like it.
A couple of their best songs here. Finding copies of these BBC radio legends sessions before now was difficult at least in the US.
I came across a couple of these songs years ago, and could never figure out who they were by until now... I wish I had known way back then as I feel like I'm late to the party, and everyone's buzz is fading as mine is just getting started. This is definately a novelty album to add to any rock collection. I rarely find myself liking entire albums these days but this was too good to pass up!
Heard one of their songs on kcrw.org and bought both their albums.  Amazing drumming and electronics.  Highly recommend to anyone.
Can't stop dancing....I dare you not to hop up and down, twirl and bop.  Not possible when you have Munday in your house, and car, and gym headphones!
El Destrcto needs to start making more records. Shakey sing a-long country punk that helps the drinks go down. Not as wild about the more punkish surf tunes, but when it's on it's as good as rock and roll gets.
In 1950 I was a sophomore in high school. Brings back a lot of memories, Don't know what could make any better. Roger
Lynn is a great singer songwriter. Her style is a beautiful mix of southern rock, blues, and New Orleans groove. Great music, great songs, and great musicians on this album.
I love this album! The sounds is mellow, but dynamic. It makes for good active listening or background music, I use it at work a lot when I want to listen to something instrumental.
I happened to catch this band in Rock Hill this summer as an opener for Delbert McClinton and I must say I enjoyed the Blue Dogs even more than the headliner. Their music puts you in a mellow mood and many of lyrics have a saucy edge that gets you nodding your head as you relate. As a SC native, I can appreciate the signature blend of blues, country and rock that the Blue Dogs sing and hope to see some newer offerings from them soon.
This is one of the most awesome cds I've listened to in quite a while and definitely one of my favorites!
Sunset Mission is my absolute favorite Bohren album, hands down. There was a five year gap between Midnight Radio and Sunset Mission, and while several years is a standard wait time for a new Bohren album, this period also included a lineup change when their guitarist left and they added a sax player. The shift in musical direction seemed profound, for here we have one of the greatest jazz albums of all time, and it's not even technically a jazz album. Comparisons to Angelo Badalamenti, The Necks and perhaps Barry Adamson were all legit at the time. Today we have more of this, coming from Brambles, Povarovo, Dale Cooper Quartet, and Kammerflimmer Kollektief. But none of these artists, and none of Bohren's subsequent works, came close to the smoothness exhibited here.Now, later albums such as Black Earth blended the claustrophobic doom of Midnight Radio and Gore Motel with the jazzy haze of Sunset Mission, indicating that Bohren's style hadn't really changed much at all. But for a brief moment, the paranoid, depressive, slow-motion death march that characterizes much of their music was put on hold. Here was that moment, captured on a single album, with powers both soothing and ominous, with clarity and originality exuding from every note of every track.Sunset Mission is the album you don't want to start with when listening to Bohren, for it will make you want more, of which there is none. Bohren's music is very much its own species, and this is the mutant of the gene pool. And like a human born with fully functioning wings, you will wonder how it managed to stay so isolated, and why it didn't come to define its whole population from its creation forward.
I was referred to this band by a friend and was further intrigued by the band's claim to be 'doom jazz'. My curiosity piqued, I gave them a listen. That label is apt because while the music doesn't fill me with dread, it is completely enveloping and heavy in its own way. 'Sunset Mission' is my favorite album of Bohren's, offering a album-length block of the group performing at their best. The music is very minimalistic but it sounds as if every breath through the saxophone and every brush of the cymbal is precisely planned. I listen to this album most often on stormy dark mornings and when I want to relax at night.
This music is so sexy, so dark, so spacey, so restrained... you can't not love it.I can't tell, but I'm pretty sure there are 5 musicians making up the group, and damn do they gel.I heard about this from Jeff Caxide, the bass player from Isis. I know him. We're friends on Facebook. Super tight like shoelaces yo. He was all &#34;Dude, this is some good ish.&#34; And I was all, &#34;Yeah, ok. I'll check it out.&#34; So I did, and dude, this is some good ish.Best uses: Solving crimes in black and white. Snoopin about a shady back-alley club on a rainy night, at the request some shifty and familiar lookin dame (pro-bono, cause she's hard up for dimp), on the one year anniversary of your brother's murder.Also good for bein' naked with your lover: Candlelit room, roast ham dinner, reruns of Dr. Who, naked; Post office, mail, broad daylight, naked.It's always good, just as long as you're naked and/or trying to solve crimes in black and white at some point.Seriously though, buy this.
This album is amazing.  The first track "Prowler" sets me in the perfect mood for reading or watching the rain come down every time I put it on.Light some candles or incense, turn on a lamp and pour a glass of bourbon.  This "dark-jazz/noir-jazz" really gives you that 1930-40s late night inner city feel.  Not for fans of hard-bop or west coast jazz who are looking for something darker, but for fans of ambient music looking for something with a lot of mood and personality.
Listening to this album is like shooting yourself out of a rocket head-first into a dark and rainy film noir scene. You dust yourself off and find yourself in a long dark leather trench coat and realize you smell a bit like alcohol, you're an old washed-up cop on one last adventure in this horrible city...
Renee Margot is a great vocalist who mixes dark vocals, a compelling story within, and wonderful background music that feels like Gothic trance. Vampire was her first single and was a huge hit in Geneva where she originates from.This single album is great for grunge nights in the local goth-bars and even better for Halloween weekend if one is so inclined. It also was wonderful for World of Darkness games; again the music is dark, esoteric, and dancy.
The first time I heard about her was in  Deep dish album (George is on ) and she has two new songs in Sharam's latest album (Get wild )  and she was amazing  and I told myself I should  keep remembering her name because she is promising and unforgettable . Then by coincidence I found this album without any marketing from her record company, even It was not available anywhere.Beautiful voice and amazing songs and a priceless album , plus you will hear the original edit for deep dish (Say Hello)I believe she will be a chart topper sooonGet the album now.
The world needs more singer/songwriters like Anousheh Khalili. This album is one of my absolute favorites. It has a kind of airy stadium echo sound -- you can tell it wasn't a big budget production making this -- which might be a problem for people looking for a "pop" polished sound. I hope we won't have to wait long for more Anousheh Khalili (or maybe Estella's Muse?).
It is listed as classical variations, and sounds a little jazzy.This is a very neat CD on these classical pieces. There is a beat to each piece, with the drums. It is all piano works.It is not worth $9 in its music, the music is so different from what it was originally it is not worth anything.Interesting CD, not a bad quality recording.
This album rocks like few others i have ever heard.  Imagine Van Halen's song "Eruption" for 40 mintues while Dio suddenly gains the vocal talent of Chris Cornell and wails out over the solos.  Pure metal sweetness.
Valley  of the damned led the emergence of power metal in the metal scene in Europe and North America. Power metal wasn't a popular branch of metal that vibrates through listeners' ears, until the release of the song "Valley of the Damned," and latter the album under the same title. Valley of the Damned is still considered to be one of my favorite power metal albums existed and made in the 21st century. A great album with numerous fascinating innovation, creativity, and imagination that overlaying each element to create one unique musical genre.
Holy Cow!! i don't think any one could ask for a better album from this band. All of the songs are amazing and Valley of the Damned (the song) should be played everyehere. I can't get enough of this album and i have it on repeat whenever i do play it. Anyone questioning if they should by this, DON'T! It is well worth every single penny.
Valley of the Damned was my second Dragonforce CD and from what I hear on their later albums, this is the best one. I was never really cared for power metal, but Dragonforce changed that for me. If you are trying to get into power metal, I'd say get this and a CD by Rhapsody or Hammerfall.The speed makes this album a little more unique compared to other power metal artists. Though this album is leaning a little bit on the repetitive side that doesn't make this a bad album.For a Dragonforce fan, I give this a 5. For a Power Metal fan, I give this a 4.
this band i had been paid more attention to their frist album after i heard their demo.they have a great speed solo and good allocation of instrument lay out. eash parts are perfect.i can say that they have a Rhapsody's style lyrics and speed. But use the metal style to play.so, it is a new trying and they are walking a right way.i like it!!
Excellent album.  The only thing that I didn't like about it was the way the vocals were recorded.  They seemed a little muddy.  Boosting the mids on my stereo helped a little bit, but they still felt drowned out.  Overall a great album (that's not as quite as cheesy as Inhuman Rampage) by a great band!
The musical techniques, tempos and time signitures on this album are just phonominal. They are out of this world music. Even though the tempo may be at about 220, they do not hesitate but push that tempo to the limit by playing sixteenths on their guitars and drums. The music is very well written, and even though you will constintly have guitars blasting and drums pounding, it isn't like some death metal bands out there who play random notes and have a singer who sounds like he is constipated with rabid weasles attached to his armpits while his head is on fire. It is completly different. The music is modern, fits nicley in the Power Metal genere, but also has a singer who is a tenor, with a wide range and also brings an 80's feel to the music. It is great music, and I recommend it to all rock lovers out there, no matter what genere of rock you like the best.
This reissue is simply awesome, the vocals sound amazing and there is no more echo effect on ZP's voice. It appears as though he completely re-recorded the entire vocal track on the album. The guitar effects also have drastically improved. I haven't watched the DVD yet, but I'm sure it'll be similar to what came with Ultra Beatdown DVD. If you're a Dragonforce fan buy this reissue. If you never heard of this band, by this and EVERY other album of this band, keep your mind open and you will love them. This is a great fix and a reminder of where the tale of this band began. The next album won't be around for over a year, so take what you can get. If you're reading this review after the 2011 album release, still buy this CD because it is a must have for your collection.My first experience with Dragonforce was Valley of the Damned back in 2004, just before sonic firestorm came out. It was played on a heavy metal music channel provided by cablevision. Although I found the song to be amazing, even then I thought it needed better production.I immediately looked the band up online and found out it was their first album and the second was a month away. Not being able to find 'Valley' anywhere in stores, I downloaded it off the web (i know its bad, but I had no choice). Listened to that album at least three times a day for the entire month until 'Firestorm' came out, which I bought day one and was once again blown away. This band instantly became one of my favorites among Helloween, Blind Guardian, Amon Amarth, Fear Factory and Ensiferum. Needless to say, I loved Inhuman Rampage and Ultra Beatdown, during the promotion of which I was finally able to see the band live and got to meet them and sign my shirt!!!
The very first time that I heard Dragonforce play I was absolutely blown away by their furious speed: and it's not just speed with direction or purpose either. These guys are fast, but they all stay in time together, and they don't lose themselves in the music despite how fast they play. I realize that a great number of people dislike progressive metal because of the keyboards or the singers' voices, but if you don't mind either I would highly recommend this band. The lyrics are, admitedly, somewhat cheesy and I always think of things like the Diablo games and such when I hear Dragonforce, but they play at a skill level that is soaring far above 99% of the artists out there today.
Having already owned and listened to the original version of this album, I must say I am very pleased with this reissue. The songs are 'remixed and remastered.' Whereas the original album had a relatively poor production quality compared to their recent works, EVERYTHING sounds better this time around. The instrumentals and vocals sound great - crisp and clear, no static or bumps like the original. Highly recommended for fans of DragonForce and power metal in general.
THESE GUYS RULE.I don't see how anyone could give this cd less than 5 stars.If you know metal then get this cd and you will see whati mean.  I didn't think anything could outdo Awakening theWorld by Lost Horizon until i heard Dragonforce. Blisteringspeed with unreal song writing can best describe Valley of theDamned. Do yourself a favor and get this cd.
I will be honest.  I bought this album as a joke.  Their name, the d&d-themed lyrics, and thier look seemed completely irrasistable for a good laugh.  I laughed a lot...and then the laughter stopped.  Why?  Because this is the fastestest, most musically talented metal band EVER, thats why.  Herman Li is an incredible guitarist.  More than incredible, he is a god of his art.  And that's not to say the rest of the band is chopped liver.  They all rock.  I've actually come to love the cheesy lyrics, and I often sing along.  I listen to this album every day, and so should everyone, as far as I'm concerned.  Buy it.  Love it.
The debut album of Dragonforce was a breath of fresh air for the power metal genre at the time it was released. All we had at that point were bands like Edguy and Stratovarius who, while they were great, weren't fast enough to satisfy some of us who wanted super speedy, positive feeling music, so when Dragonforce came along, a lot of us let out a sigh of relief and grabbed this disc as fast as we could. Now, I'm not saying I was one of those people, cause my infatuation with power metal didn't come until a few years ago. I used to be into death and metalcore, but sometimes we all gotta move on to greener pastures. However, I have been a DF fan for several years now.I own all of DF's CD's, all the reissues of course, but I used to own an original copy of VoTD, before the reissue, back in 08 probably. I loved the album but I thought the production was just a bit too muddy. I knew how much potential these songs had, but the production was so poor on them that I knew they'd never get the recognition they deserved. However, I still loved the album and considered it to be Dragonforce's best CD to date.Fast forward to present time and we have this beautiful little opus, now fully remastered and with a bonus track. How could you not pick up this album if you were a big fan of the original?From the epic chorus of the first REAL track, 'Valley of the Damned', to the pure epic-ness of 'Heart of a Dragon', there is never a boring moment with this disc. I also feel this is the only Dragonforce CD that doesn't feel like you're listening to one really long song. That's not a bad thing by any means, I'm not dissing DF in any way by saying that, but their later albums tend to bleed into each other. Every song is epic battle music, something that makes you feel good about yourself. With most metal, it makes you angry and want to fight or kill something- with DF, you feel like you can do anything, like you are alive and powerful... Well, at least I do.Every song on this album is great and I can't complain about any of them. Where Dragons Rule isn't as great as the rest of the album but it's nice to have it on the disc. The bonus DVD is cool, there's footage of them recording VoTD and you get to see Sam drunk, but the real prize is the live video of the band performing Valley of the Damned in Tokyo, a video that I believe captures one of their best performances of all time.Bottom line is, if you like Dragonforce, buy this reissue. If you liked the original VoTD, buy this reissue. If you are curious about DF, buy this. You just can't go wrong here.
The first Dragonforce Album. A must have for any Powermetal lover or just anyone who loves melody and people how know how to play their instruments
I don't think this world has yet seen a faster band....... At least in power metal.  First off, I want to state that this band sounds a bit like Rhapsody + Lost Horizon.  Valley of the Damned reminds me more or Lost Horizon's first album - Awakening the World.  And boy did that CD ever "awaken the world"!  There are next to no keyboards on this album (Valley).  Many of the songs are about 6:15 long, but the first track is the shortest I've ever heard at 0:13.  You are getting your money's worth for 9 tracks.  The title track is a wonder - one of a couple over 7 minutes.  Revelations was released as a demo when the band's name was Dragon Heart.  That song is also pretty good.  Every song except for thae ballad, Starfire, is hyper speed.  By that I mean about the speed of Father Time by Stratovarius.  Imagine the speed of Rhapsody's fastest songs and Skylark's fastest songs with an even faster bass.  That's how fast this band plays!So how good actually are these 8 songs?  I love 2, 3, 4, 6, and 9.  Revelations isn't as good as these, in my opinion.  Starfire is so hard to get into because its so much slower than the other songs!  I'd say that its an okay ballad.  Track 8 is like Starfire in quality.I don't think the production for this album is that great, but the writing talent makes up for it.  Think of how we still love Images in Worlds by Dream Theater (is that what its called?  Can't remember.......).  Its because of how good it is - not the production.  I would recommend Dragonforce to about anybody.  There aren't any bands who sound like Dragonforce.  Some power metal bands I've heard include Hammerfall, Helloween, Brainstorm, Blind Guardian, Grave Digger, Primal Fear, Sinergy, Manowar, and Falconer, to name a few.  Nobody sounds like Dragonforce.When you get the time, go read some of my other reviews and say if they helped you or not.
This is the beginning of DragonForce (minus the demo they did when they were called DragonHeart) and to tell the truth, this is WAY, WAY better than Inhuman Rampage! ZP Theart is very confident in his voice and sounds like this is his billionth time recording when this is really one of his 1st times. Sam and Herman...what can I say that hasn't been said? These two are monster guitar players and as always, are kickin some major hindquarters during the album. This album has a different drummer than the later albums (but at this speed, who can tell the difference?), Didier Almouzni is a very good drummer but this will be his only outing with the 'Force. Dave Mackintosh takes over after this album but both are crazy, but amazing drummers. I personally like Dave better because the fills in later albums are much more intense. Vadim is a boss as usual. He's just one of the best keyboardists around today, with Jordan Rudess, Michael Pinnella, and Jens Johansson. This album is probably my favorite album from these guys so far and I think this is best cover art they've ever had!On to the music!1. "Invocation of Apocalyptic Evil"- Just an intro to the title track...nothing special.2. "Valley of the Damned"- A very energetic track! This is perhaps their most epic song (excluding the mighty "My Spirit Will Go On"). The guitars in this one aren't over the top/too busy like some of their later albums. They have nice riffing and melodies on this one. Props to ZP on this one! I love the way he sings this one and this one is probably the one I like singing along to the most (save for "Black Winter Night"). Great anthem from these guys!3. "Black Fire"- Very intense riffing on the intro and the intensity only continues throughout the song. ZP's vocals get more emotional and passionate even with all the speed! This chorus is one of the best ones on this album! I love this song because even though some of their songs might blend together due to their speed, this one has a unique tone and quality to it that makes it identifiable. The breakdown in this one is pretty intense. Very good tune here as well.4. "Black Winter Night"- One of my all time favorite DragonForce songs! The intro already sounds cool, but the song gets even better! I heard this version of it first an thought it was pretty dang awesome! But I recently looked up the demo version of this one because of Brandon B.'s review. I have to say in terms of this song, I agree that this chorus sucks compared to the demo version! I like this song regardless, but I think it had a MUCH better chorus on the demo version. I also think though that the prechorus would make a much better chorus than either of the two different choruses. The part "On the endless seas of madness..." would be the best chorus. But oh well...This song is just great no matter how you look at it and it is one of my absolute favorite songs by this band. But for the record, the demo version is better. :p5. "Starfire"- This has to be their best ballad. I've heard two of their other ballads and well...they became a little too guitar oriented. This one is nice and piano driven with the guitars coming in for some solos here and there, but this one flows better than their later ballads. ZP and Vadim are the stars of this song and they really shine brightly here. The acoustic guitar solos are also very nice. Very, very nice song here, guys!6. "Disciples of Babylon"- As far as DragonForce goes, this is one of their most unique songs. While you'll probably think is sounds normal at the beginning, the middle where all the solos usually are is what makes this one unique. The metal band fades out and then a beautiful passage with acoustic guitar, piano solo, and drumming comes in instead of the rapid fire solos we normally get. This instrumental sounds more progressive as it moves around into different grooves, has softer parts, the electric guitar eventually comes in, and yeah, this song is just very unique in the solo part and it's more original than the rest of their songs. Great song!7. "Revelations"- this song is filler. It starts off unique, but it turns into a song that is WAY TOO similar to the title track. filler.8. "Evening Star"- This song starts off slow with ZP and Vadim. And then Herman and Sam and the crew come in and do some some fast-paced metal stuff. The 1st riff in here sounds like "My Spirit Will Go On" but on that note, not even close to being as cool as that song! This song is pretty cool during the chorus and a few riffs, but really, it's not an essential song from here. I like it a lot tho.9. "Heart of a Dragon"- This gets the award for cheesiest song they've done...it's really not that good. I think it's one of the biggest let downs because this album is filled with great things (except Revelations) and this is just BAD. I don't like this one at all.10. "Where Dragons Rule"- After hearing the previous song with the word "Dragon" in the name, I thought this would be Cheese fest part 2. Actually, this song is good! I love how it starts with Vadim. I love the piano intro and how it progresses and unfolds into another fast song. This one has a pretty good chorus even if it is about dragons haha. I'm satisfied with this bonus track. This one ends the album right. If the previous track ended it, I'd be unhappy because that'd be a terrible ending to an amazing album, but this one sets it right.Verdict: This is probably the best DragonForce album (If this isn't the best, then I think Sonic Firestorm would be the best. I haven't heard that one yet, but I will). I recommend this to any fan of DragonForce, HammerFall, Stratovarius, and other power metal bands. If you've heard DragonForce before, buy this album. If you haven't heard them before, start here! If you like super fast speed metal, these guys will not disappoint! These guys are some of the most talented musicians out there. I suggest picking up this album before any other one.also: I've heard all of this and "Inhuman Rampage", about half of "The Power Within", some of "Ultra Beatdown" and one song; "My Spirit Will Go On" from "Sonic Firestorm".here's my listing:best: "Valley of the Damned""The Power Within""Inhuman Rampage""Ultra Beatdown"I didn't put "Sonic" in there because I've only heard one song. But yes, this is my honest opinion so far. This one is their best and I suggest buying this one!
For any DragonForce fans out there who don't own this CD, I would say it is a must.  There is a lot of diversity in the song selection and tempo of the tracks.  For a debut album (albeit a re-mastered one), I don't think it gets much better than this!
dragonforce is the fastest awessomest band ever u can't touch the speed they play all those lames death mtal bands liek morbid angel corpse cryptobituary and hatebreed eternal only wish they could play ths fast death metal is horrible and takes no talent power metal is real dragonfiorce rules but manowar if even better if u can belive that.
I love these guys.  Recently discovered, I've got all 3 albums.  Valley of the Damned is my favorite, and gets better with each listen.  These guys are so fast it's almost unbelieveable, but don't let that fool you, it's very creative music and very catchy.  If you love speed metal with a medival feel you'll really dig these guys.
There were no flaws in the disk and the music is awesome.  I've heard all of Dragonforce's music so I decided to buy this and was not let down.  It also came secure in the packaging.  If you haven't heard any of these songs I suggest you do so, that way you'll know what you're buying.  I love it so much &#60;3.
What an insane album.They are so fast that it was almost like listening to a death metal album! Yes you read me right, this POWER metal band's sound was akin to DEATH metal.  And by that I mean it has that DM &quot;wall of noise sound&quot;.  Plus the drummer was from a DM band so that would explain a thing or two.  But enough about DM I'm talking about Dragonforce here!This album bleeds energy and talent.  The guitarists must have spent time in an loony hospital in another lifetime (maybe even this one) because like I said before they are completely insane.  Solos usually go on for 2 minutes but because of their manic playing it doesn't end up sounding boring in the least.  The drummer is also out there.  I don't believe I've heard this style of drumming on a power metal album before.  There are also some keyboards but they don't really add much.  The vocals are sufficient enough but they could be better.With the exception of a ballad (a not so bad one at that) the album doesn't let up the speed much.  The songs could have ended up all sounding the same but fantastic melodies keep this from happening.Dragonforce are on the verge of becoming THE power metal band of this decade.  If you like hyper fast metal that makes you feel like exploding do yourself a favor and purchase this album.  You will not be dissapointed.
I started listening to Dragonforce this year and I have to say their music is awesome. All of the Albums are good, Valley OTD is really full of gems. The more you listen to it the more you like it thats the way all of their music works. F$%& the haters really. Black Winter Night is probably my fav song on this Album but I'm sure you will find your own. I think its about time for you to enjoy dragonforce if you have not been, what are you waiting for?
"Valley of the Damned" (2003) is the debut album from epic power metal band DragonForce. DragonForce has two standout guitarists, Sam Totman and Herman Li, and you won't find more solos for your money anywhere. DragonForce plays faster than anybody else out there, and it gives them their own distinct style."Valley of the Damned" is up there in quality with any of their subsequent releases - there are a handful of great songs on here. Lyrics tend to be in the upbeat, fantasy-themed (although not as egregiously fantasy-themed as most power metal bands), battle and overcoming evil veins.Nobody plays power metal as fast as DragonForce. Given, they haven't evolved much between this album and "Ultra Beatdown" (2008), but this is a great debut, if you like any of their other material, you'll like this.
Valley of the Damned is such a great and classical album its fast, and Damn ZP's Vocals are freakin awesome along with Sam and Hermin's Guitar Rifts the drumming is very outrageous to Didier done some great drumming when he was with this band to bad he is not with them anymore cause he was a great drummer, Diccon Harper did a great job on the bass to. The whole damn album is great from the sound and the story's that the song tell is awesome.all n all a epic classic
I've loved Depeche Mode for 16 years, and anybody paying tribute to that group is pretty cool in my book.  Great mix for anything requiring lots of energy.  The remix to &#34;In Your Room&#34; gave me chills.
It's fun and delicious. All of the songs bring you back to a time when music was great. It's very different these days.
So bad, it's good. Brian Evans croones his way though several songs you've probably heard before. He doesn't hold back. He infuses each song, including the 80's hit "Jump", with all the delicious tackiness of the genre. He reminds me of William Shatner, sort of doing a self parody. Come on all you people who gave it one or two stars, you know you loved it.
"All One World" is pianist/composer Anne Trenning's second album to date, and what a breath of fresh air it is! Blending classical influences with a love of Celtic and folk melodies, Trenning has created a warm, inviting collection of mostly original pieces that range from lively and joyful to a bit more reflective and pensive. Some of the pieces are solo piano, and others include other (mostly acoustic) musicians and wordless vocals. The variety of styles showcases Trenning's versatility as a composer, and yet the album holds together as a seamless whole.Of the twelve tracks, the first nine are original compositions and the last three are arrangements of traditional melodies that includes "Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming." The title track opens the CD; a lovely piano solo that seems to reflect the thoughts in the liner notes about working for peace, being kind, and respecting the earth and all living creatures. "Ben's Song" is more orchestrated, with piano and strings - a lovely waltz. "Walking Through My Tears" is one of my favorites. Obviously, this isn't one of the more upbeat pieces, but it's not a heartbreaker, either.  A simple, heartfelt melody with a gentle accompaniment are all this piano solo needs to convey genuine emotion. "Clarecastle" opens with an atmospheric keyboard prelude and then becomes a dark piano solo with synth washes. Suddenly, the tempo changes to a lively, happy-go-lucky dance that swirls and leaps for joy. Flutes and piano soar, making this another favorite. "The Road to Dunlavin" calms down a bit - a beautiful, wistful piece for piano and guitar with string washes. "Dusk Until Dawn" is a gorgeous piano solo - again very simple, but deeply touching in its sincerity. "Maggie Rose" is a gem. Piano with gentle keyboard opens the piece, and then it opens up with light percussion, flute, and piano - very Celtic. Of the three traditional pieces, I like "La Valse Des Jeune Filles," a traditional French piece, best. The piano is simple and childlike, with warm voices, strings, and guitar in the background, keeping the mood one of innocence and wonder."All One World" is an exceptionally good choice if you enjoy classical, Celtic, and folk music. Anne Trenning's musical voice is both strong and gentle, and she knows when to let a simple melody sing on its own. Recommended!
One beautiful song gives way to another - great to listen to while sitting in front of the fireplace or on the patio as the sun sets.
All One World is an incredible album showcasing the talent, work and artistry of Anne Trenning. Featuring diverse standards in music, All One World reaches out to listeners with heart-warming lyrics to paint vivid portraits of a confluent and peaceful world. The tracklist includes Ben's Song (2:49); That the Night Come (4:39); Walking Through My Tears (3:19); Clarecastle (5:19); The Road to Dunlavin (2:38); Dusk Until Dawn (2:35); Maggie Rose (4:12); How Fair My Love (2:59); Give Me Your Hand (5:20); La Valse Des Jeune Filles (2:46); Lo How A Rose E'er Blooming (2:22); and the title piece All One World (4:26). Anne Trenning's All One World is very highly recommended for its deft manipulation of a folk and Irish styling combined with a superb mastery of truly classical works and an inspiring influence of blues musicians.
This CD is fantastic! Mike is an amazing artist. I loved every song on it and I can't say that very often about any CD.
It's so hard to find genuine talent out there these days when you're constantly battered by a hoard of bad music from almost every angle.  That's why I was so pleased to be able to get my hands on this CD and Dave Cieri's music in general.  He is an amazing piano player and his melodic songs breeze their way in and out of a guy who obviously has full command of his instrument.  One of my favorites is "Armistice Day" which has Dave Cieri playing a sad but beautiful song as a Jessica Goodkin sings like an angel to the music.  If the song is about the World War I armistice it does the memory of those who died great honor.  The amount of music styles he covers in one CD would impress anyone from jazz to blues,classical to funk- it's all there. This is a CD you'll have in your late night rotation for a long time.  Keep up the beautiful music Dave.
Nobody can play like Sally Harmon.I first encountered Sally's music on the radio, driving to work.  For the first time in my 50+ yearlife, I needed to call the radio station to find out what they were playing and buy the CD.Rich and beautiful music, best you will find.
Sally Harmon can really make the piano talk!  We listen to he music in the car and at home.  We just love her music.
I heard this CD in a little store by the ocean & knew I had to have it.  They weren't selling them there, but I found it on Amazon.
She is a magician on that keyboard.  Beautiful music and great selection of songs.  Recommend the album viciferously.  Also purchased other albums of this lady and have enjoyed everyone.  This is NOT elevator music.
Of course I checked the samples first, they seemed okay so I downloaded the entire album.  No problems.  All four tracks play nicely and completely.  Now I have 44 versions of "Something Got Me Started" including 39 different live recordings, and two of these four are on my favorites list.  Definitely value added if you like club versions.
This is an amazing, fabulous, and just out-of-this world album!!  Congratulations guys and hope to see you in the U.S. sometime soon... we need your music!!!  "I Amar" just blew me away... you had me hooked after only seconds into the track... can't wait to see what else you can come up with!!!
Little man with the candy cigar...the entire album is worth it just for this song. The rest is fantastic as is all Jo Stafford albums.
Great songs, some of which are downright fantastic. Good beats. Good lyrics. Some songs are more playful, some are more serious. I'm very glad I bought the whole album when I couldn't find individual mp3s for purchase. Otherwise, I would have missed out on some awesome music.
I discovered Cake Bake Betty through pandora.com with her song "One by One", and I'm happy to say that the rest of the album is just as good. "Songs About Teeth" is an absolute joy to listen to - it's filled with beautiful piano and acoustic guitar melodies, and very strange (but entertaining) lyrics.Two of the songs ("Backbones" and "Bears") aren't really songs - they're more just random sounds and noises for thematic effect I suppose - but they don't take away from the beauty of the "real" songs."The Charge" is probably my favorite song on the album. Its piano chords and violin accompaniment are brilliantly refreshing to listen to. If you're a fan of off-the-wall and heavily instrumental music (some parts reminded me of the Dresden Dolls and the Decemberists), then you'll love this album.
The music is pretty and the singer has a girlish voice, which makes it extra awesome when she sings about things like cannibalism.I don't really know what to compare it to, but I think that Pandora spit this one out at me because I like The Dresden Dolls and Jenny Owen Youngs. The only reason that I think that it is comparable to those two, is that it is pretty, but dark.The lyrics are interesting and the music grows on me the more that I listen to it. I think my favorites are: The Spine Song, Dear Mother, Jesus and Austria, One by One, and 64 Little White Things.It's cool. Check it out.
Cake Bake Betty is such a fabulous artist that deserves wider recognition. Her songs are catchy, memorable, and completely unique. While her voice is soft and feminine, her lyrics are anything but, offering a sharp, interesting contrast. Her songs use a wide variety of instruments and each song has it's own unique tone and feel. Cake Bake Betty really is a musical gem. Definitely worth a listen. One of my absolute favorites.
If you like the Ventures like I do, then you'll enjoy this album by Bob. Hey, why not, he's one of them!
This is a nice collection of famous tunes played beautifully on the piano with some violin backing.It is extremely well done and a pleasure to listen to.  I see no reason one could not enjoy dancing to it as well.  Sometimes the simple arrangements are the best.
Todd Snider is a storyteller like no other!
without calling this album "mature" , its great from start to finish with the the usual sing-alongs,tight music,and i still feel assaulted by the drums and heaviness , winding down with the ending tune.guys that are hard on ben,come on,cut the guy some slack,while he said we become what we hate, give him credit for becoming maybe a tad more serious/open but still rockin'.As I listened to this almost everyday for the last 8- 9 months encompassing my divorce-------holy crap! I think it is one of the best from these guys...it has some dumb juvenile songs and some in your face"deep" ones also... the last 3 songs are damn near incredible.....the last song....I reiterate--------------------awesomeness....Im a fan of all of their stuff but I consider the "newer" stuff--this one,emo  and tcd....as great....and better...
This is an excellent album of string music. The Strolling Strings is a fantastic group of musicians. Thanks to all the men and women who perform this great music we love.  If you liked this album try this one also by the USAF Strolling Strings: The Strolling Strings 50th Anniversary Vol. 2 and this one On Wings Of Song
I concur with Boz "Pumpkin Lover."  Along with 20 other very talented musicians, over 36 hours were spent at taxpayers expense recording this album.  None of us will received any additional compensation outside of our military pay.  When a major symphony, like The Chicago Symphony records music, the members are given royalities of some kind, beyond their regular symphony salaries.  The company producing these album for sales had nothing to do with the actual recording of the music.
The song &#34;Nightvision&#34; is incredible! The album opens with a great cover from the I'Dee's called &#34;Move on automatic&#34;. The single &#34;Dangerous to me&#34; has the makings of a typical disco pop track but it has a cool sound to it. Other tracks are very enjoyable and the album is well produced. But the most beautiful element to Nightvision is Ladybird's incredible voice! Just mesmerizing!I highly recommend if you love dance pop with a very uplifting sound to it and a cool retro vibe. Ladybird's second album is even better called &#34;5 moods&#34; but I always skip the two &#34;male guest vocal&#34; tracks.Other awesome discopop/Eurodance artists like Ladybird are Sophie Monk and Ann Winsborn.Another wonderful female Latvian pop artist like Ladybird is Olga Rajecka.I really wish that Ladybird had made more than just two albums because her talent for singing is just mind blowing.And it's not just that, she has a wonderful personality and a good heart. Good vibes all around! :-)Plus Ladybird is one major babe! OMG!A fun interesting tidbit: Ladybird learned how to sing by just listening to American music on the radio.She had no previous vocal training before becoming a pop star.
One of the best bands of the mid-90s instro-surf movement. One of the things that bugged me about many of these bands was the yawnworthy retro-sweetness (and slowness) of their music. These guys have got power and energy in spades and I'd put them up there with the Nebulas, Man Or Astroman? and all of the other great neo surf acts. I've got this on vinyl and almost every song is fantastic. Also,I'm REAL impressed that Amazon has this, as itunes doesn't. Makes me feel hopeful that they'll step up their game enough for me to eventually walk away from itunes forever...!
It is completely different from the current version of halestorm but still very good in its own right. just dont expect a balls to the wall rock cd be open minded and understand they were still very young when they made this.
This is a very different cd from Halestorm. If you used to their stuff they got out now you may not like this. Lzzy's voice is so much different in this. It is back when she was just a kid starting out. So if your not a die hard Halestorm fan you may not like this. But it is definitely pretty good.
Great 50's & 60's party CD.  Particularly popular with the Fraternity/Sorority set.  Spans all generations from the swing era to present.
I think this is a great collection of music, a real fun CD to listen to while driving.  I really love this CD.
In spite of herself, Diana and her music reach those who may be on the verge of forgetting about it all together as Gary Tesca has created a dynamite set paying homage to the legendary diva - but it is not what you think.To even broach the subject of  "forgetting" Diana Ross is not to even hint that such a legendary diva and her timeless music could be forgotten; it is merely to suggest that to put a different spin on the music as those who remember Diana fondly in their sixties, let's say, recall these songs in all their majestic orchestral glory as they move into their twilight years with a newfound appreciation.There use to be a station in Massachusetts which still may exist called WJIB which caters to the 60+ Crowds for which these renditions would be well-suited. It is awesome to hear the majesty of "Muscles" here. Some of the original templates work so well within the context of this format there seems to be only one or two missteps - one of which is his rendition "Upside Down" which somehow seems a bit bizarre considering it is a funky song being done almost in a wedding-orchestra fashion. Overall, The set leans towards many of Diana's British hits and is a welcome addition to your catalog.
The Lush Orchestra lives up to its name on this album. I heard their version of 'Stranger in Paradise' on the radio over 10 years ago and hunted everywhere for it. These recordings have that spare, romantic sound you only hear in old movies. Cary Grant entering a supper club will come to mind. And no cheesy drum kits here- just simple, sweet interpretations done right.
A slice in time of a group of talented friends doing what they loved to do. Great way to remember an earlier time.
If you like to hear Polynesian music occasionally, then this album is for you!  Growing up this was the only Polynesian album my family owned.  We wore the record out.  I never bought another Polynesian record as an adult.  But, those haunting tunes still ran through my head.  So now over 40 years  later I find this album and it brings back all the memories of home and trips to Polynesia.
Holy Moses - - I can't believe I just found this again!  Many of my days were spent biking the Cape Cod Rail Trail from Brewster to Nauset Beach, listening to this album and Musa Ukungilandela between '88 and '92.  On cassette tapes in a huge, clunky Walkman! Couldn't understand a word they were saying but I quicky grew to love the tunes and the mysterious words and ton of expression Sipho and Johnny sang them with. I just got my first laptop and figured out how to download songs and burn to cd (yes, at 48 I'm a bit behind the times).  For the heck of it, I typed in "Juluka" not expecting much, if anything.  And I found EVERYTHING! Can't wait to listen to these again. Give this long-ago band a try and maybe you'll be hooked for life, too.
I have owned and enjoyed this album for years. Take time to listen to his words. It may take a couple of times through to hear him growl out his lyrics. When you are done and you have heard his heart, ask yourself, "Did Mama put it all in the jar..." Enjoy!
This is typical 'classic' Lemon Jelly, but possibly the pinnacle of their 'chocolate box' happy pop. If you listen to this song and you don't smile, there's something wrong with you. This song is what the 5 star rating was invented for.
This is an excellent overview of Lowlife's catalog of releases with great alternate versions of some tracks to keep it more interesting for existing fans.My introduction to this sorely under-appreciated band was the former compilation "From a Scream to a Whisper" on vinyl. There are a few essential tracks from that older compilation I wish were on this one (e.g. "A Sullen Sky," "Big Uncle Ugliness"). However, the trade-off is that the older comp stopped at 1989 (about halfway through their career together), while this one does a fair job of sampling from just about every release they made and does so chronologically. Thankfully, with AmazonMP3 now you can reconstruct the older comp or augment this one with the other tracks if you so choose :)One thing of which to be aware: I've noticed some flaws in the rip of "Ramafied" which I hope Amazon corrects. I'm reporting them now.I'm so happy that Lowlife has *finally* been given the remaster and re-issue treatment they have deserved. I hope a new crowd of fans comes to appreciate them as much as I and others do.
I've been searching for this for over 4 years. I had the cd back in 95 but sold it so I could buy some vinyl. What a mistake that was, these tracks have haunted me for s years as I struggled to remember the cds name. All I knew was the cover art, black with a white butterfly. I'm very happy to have this back in my life!
Just like The Fireballs were good without Jimmy Gilmer, The Buckaroos were great even without Buck Owens. This collection of mid 60's country is half instrumental and half vocal, but all great examples of the "Bakersfield Sound". These guys won Grammys, played at Carnegie Hall, and were proclaimed Country Music's #2 band of all time by CMT. The sound is very clean, bright, twangy, toe-tappin and just plain fun. The Buckaroos were consummate instrumentalists. Expand your musical horizons and check out some of the best music from the 1960's. I grew up on Alice Cooper, Kiss, ZZ Top and Deep Purple...and I love The Buckaroos.
These tracks are exactly as I remember them from the original PIP Records albums, and combined with certain tracks from the other album "Smash Flops" (namely, 1/3/5/7/9/11 & 12), you'll get the complete original Sherman & Larsen... um... experience? My only complaint is that tracks 3 through 16 are completely mis-titled! So, if you've downloaded this album and think some of the songs don't go with the names, you're right. Here, therefore, are the correct titles, in order:1 - Watch World War Three On Pay TV2 - Fill Out The Policies, Mother3 - The Annual Get-Together Of The KKK And The NAACP4 - Guillotine Days (vocal: Sharon Randall)5 - Fifty Million Commies Can't Be Wrong6 - That Big Sporting House In The Sky*7 - It's Fun To Be Hazed8 - Oh What We Grow (In Old Mexico)9 - Send The Girls Over There10 - I Saw Adolph Today (vocal: Sharon Randall)11 - The Richer They Are (The Slower I Cure Them)12 - Why Don't They Leave The Slums Alone?13 - When Amelia Earhart Flies Home Again14 - I Wish I Was In Chicago (On St. Valentine's Day)15 - Little Rock, That All-American Town16 - Sleepy Cape Canaveral Moon17 - There'll Always Be Forty-Eight States18 - The Authors Speak! (Pithy Insights On The Madness [etc.])Tracks 1-12: Previously released as "Sing A Song Of Sickness" featuring The Crown City Four.Tracks 13-17: Previously released on "Smash Flops" featuring The Characters.Track 18 is exclusive to this compilation.You're welcome.(*-Oh, before I forget... the version of "That Big Sporting House In The Sky" on this album omits the first verse. Check "Smash Flops" for the complete song!)
A musical m&eacute;lange of bad taste, impropriety and social embarrassment from Milt Larsen and award winning Richard M. Sherman includes satirical songs based on terribly unfunny subjects such as Watch World War Three on Pay TV, When Amelia Earhart Flies Home, Sleepy Cape Canaveral Moon plus 14 others. Bonus "Authors Speak" included. Funny! Lyrical!
As usual....quality music from The Church.These guys just keep on keeping on.  Their music never changes....and it is always good.
Artie Traum has worn more musical hats than most artists ever dare to.  I think among the greats, only Bob Dylan has released more styles of music (including a few inventions of his own).  Traum's album continues in the vein of beauty, with a most precise production.  If you don't know Artie Traum's music, and you are reading this review, you have stumbled upon treasure.  You will be hooked.  Give a listen to the samples here on Amazon.  If you love quality music; or are a Dylan, The Band, The Dead, Happy Traum, etc, you will love Artie's music.  Also give a listen to "Remarkable Friends" by Artie Traum here at Amazon.  Depth and beauty on one album.
It was so hard for me to find this band. Great electronic music with some variety to it. Real edgy and fun.
Nathalie Manser is a gift to this planet and creates other worlds as she radiates beauty and sound in a cosmic union through her cello.She is by far one of the most talented musicians and each note brings the listener into deep passion and heart,signaling transformative cellular resonance from beginning to end. a musician's musician as well! kennedy
I saw Roxanne Potvin at the Bayfront Blues Festival in Duluth Mn in 2009 and immediately started buying her music.  She has one of those nuanced voices that you don't expect to hear from someone so young and dewey.  Go ahead and try it.
It's an okay vocal warmup. If you're a beginner, I'd suggestSinging for Dummieswhich comes with a CD you can warmup your voice with.
I really enjoyed this CD. Great music and a voice that's incredible. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes Jazz or Gospel music.
Yeah, very much this is an Awesome single by an Awesome band. Lemon Jelly delivers again in a thrashy, dance, (downtempo you can actually mosh to lol), or if that's not your thing, the old skool vibe on &#34;Baby Battle Scratch&#34; brings great nostalgia to the ears of any old school(Kurtis Blow, Sugarhill Gang, or Grandmaster Flash)hip hop heads. Hey!
Not a bad compilation of the most popular and familiar surfing music from the 60s. Good solid beats that made up a nice spinning class
Mark Heard left our earth to be with  his father in heaven in 1992. It was definitly too soon. Thankfully, he left a plethora of his music for us to enjoy. While Mark was still alive, I got ahold of this album on cassette. I wore it out. In my opinion, Mark's best work was when it was just him and an acoustic guitar. The Acoustic album captures his best acoustic performances on one compilation. They are all standout performances but I found myself really liking the track called Well Worn Pages. It is a story about an elderly man that has lived his life and has seen things come and go. The only constant in his life is his bible. It helped to keep his faith alive and strong. Most Mark Heard fans love his later work but there is something about these tunes that just grab ahold of me and I can't let go of them. I searched for years to find this on CD so I am so glad it is now available digitally. I highly recommend everyone to let their ears listen to the soothing acoustic style of Mark Heard on Acoustic.
This is a "Where are they now?" follow-up to Beleza Tropical. Beleza Tropical was my favorite of David Byrne's Brazil Classics series. Most of these artists are the same ones who were on the original Beleza Tropical 20 years ago. In the meantime, they have gotten even better, and they have discovered synthesizers in a big way. Lyrics are provided in translation, and they are good as well. This is great party and driving music. Highly recommended.
These guys are so versatile that you don't get bored listening to their CDs. They are all great musicians and songwriters... the keyboard player really rocks. I love the sound of a well-played Hammond B3.
I remember this album from my youth. My parents had this album and I played it a lot when I was 12 (1962). I was glad to find it here. Ivan Ditmars was an outstanding organist. If you want a really traditional Christmas album perfectly played on organ with chimes, these are the recordings you must have!
Sandler and Young are two singers who's baritone voices are very complimentary. A Frenchman and a Texan. If you like music that is ear candy, these two gentlemen provide it. They made their music a decade ago. No matter the age, you won't be disappointed.
I've always been a fan of both Lacuna Coil, and the Vitamin String Quartets.  I was skeptical because the Tribute to Evanescence wasn't very good, but this one was great.The selection, and arrangement of songs were well chosen.  The Orchestration itself couldn't be better.
micky please make a hole cd of rock n roll -this cd is great -as a vocalest you are the best hands down long time fan adrian kancir 1000 south church street hazleton pa 18201 also i loved the demos from you for the justus cd-micky dolenz we love you  sincerley the kancir family  thank you
This was an interesting choice by Micky. A re=recording of 4 Monkees early classics:1.) (Theme From) The Monkees2.) Last Train To Clarksville3.) I'm A Believer4.) ("m Not Your) Steppin' StoneSung to Newly recorded, yet exact to the original music tracks. Almost a Karaoke song but still sounds awesome. Never does he change a key of the original. The arrangements are exact. With a more mature Dolenz on the mic! Definitly different but welcome difference! Can't ever gp wrong with the golden voice of Micky!
It may not have been a very long CD but it was good. I passed it along to my cousin and she enjoyed it as well.
I WAS REALLY SUPRISED LISTENING TO HE HOW ALBUM. EACH SONG SOUNDS LIKE A DIFFERENT BAND. THEY HAVE THEIR OWN SOUND.
I have been an a-ha fan for a long time, but have not really had much interest in the solo projects from Pal and Magne.  I saw this album was available, and previewed the songs--I was surprised to find how pleasant and interested the songs sounded even in 30 second snippets...so I took a chance, and I must say that I am delighted that I did.First, the obvious: Mags does not have Morten's voice.  Mags' voice sounds like the guy down the street who can't really sing, but he can carry a tune while he plays songs on his beat up guitar.  His voice is thin, reedy, and scratchy by turns.  But here's the amazing thing--you rarely care.  And here is where we get to the good part: the songwriting.  Mags is such a genuinely special songwriter (a fact that gets lost next to Pal's brilliance sometimes) that all his tunes and lyrics are so strong that you find yourself constantly surprised by how pleasurable the music is.  And his voice fits in, somehow.  He is singing his heart out, his voice cracking and aching with passion and emotion, alternatively giving a Thom Yorke like wail or a soft Belle and Sebastian like whisper as he pleads.The music is excellent, with strummed and plucked guitars, piano, and strings.  The production has been careful and ranges from good to excellent.  The craftsmanship here on display is not to be dismissed.The songwriting here is simply amazing.  When I was listening to the record for the first time, I immediately thought that this was a record full of songs RTC (ready to cover).  And it is--except that after a few listens, you find yourself falling for this remarkable little voice, loving it.  Any band looking for a few little known gems to spice up their repertoire could literally pull any of these out of a hat and have an instant fan favorite.  I know there are probably tons of a-ha fans who would love to hear Morten get his hands on this material--I know he could do a spectacular job on the interpretations--but I must say that for me, I am becoming more and more enamored of the songs as they stand.  Now instead of the guy down the street, he sound more to me like a good friend singing to you.  No, he'll never be confused with Josh Groban, but he's your friend, and you'd probably rather be hanging out with him anyway.Earlier reviewers have pointed out that Kryptonite and 2cu Shine are standouts.  I would agree that they are excellent songs, but I must say there is not a bad song on the disc.  I keep finding new pleasures--it is like walking around in a lovely garden that hasn't been tended in a while.  At first, you just keep criticizing the gardeners for not tending things better...but then you keep coming around corners and finding quiet glades full of flowers and shade, deep pools of dark green...and soon, you are enchanted and realize that you wouldn't want to change a thing.I unreservedly recommend this to people who are fans of indie-pop, for folks who like Belle and Sebastian, for folks who like Coldplay at their most intimate and Travis at their most melodic.  Give the preview a spin...it is worth your time, and if you find, as I did, that Mags is a genuine surprise, then buy this disc.  Believe me, you'll find yourself buying several copies to give to friends!
I got this simply because it was Davy Jones music.  I'm really glad I got it, the songs are different than on any other record, and I really do enjoy them.  I play it at home on the computer, and also on my radio in the car.
This collection is just what we were looking for.  It's the perfect background music for our wedding since it manages to be both modern and classy.
Another great album from the VSQ. Great for a social event background music or background music for the office or a cup of coffee with friends.
Chris Cornell has been a powerful force in the music industry since 1987 when his first single with Soundgarden was released. He helped shape two genres of music, he is a legend. And my favorite singer of all time. This is a collection of orchestral (strings) arrangements of some of his greatest gits ranging from the bands he has played with to his solo career. This is a great compilation, I love it!
This collection is nothing short of pure smooth sentual listening. Great cover songs done masterfully. I've long been an Ace Canon fan - but this is a level of pure listening enjoyment.
I teach waltz. I listen to a lot (A LOT) of waltzes. Ray Anthony's interpretations are completely satisfying to dance and listen to. Not schmaltzy or what I call "pink cloud" waltz like some other "famous" orchestras. Clear, crisp, not cheezy. For dancing - YES!
This recording very effectively captures Michael's ability to captivate his audience with songs of humor, joy, and melancholy. He shows an uncanny sense of timing and mood. Quite possibly one of the best live recordings I've heard from any artist. Purchase this, and you'll be privy to one of the best-kept secrets in the music world.
I love Dubtribe and this album is my favorite.  It's all chill groove with smooth funk sounds that come together perfectly.
This is a big improvement from her first album! 5 moods captures all her talent here and all of the songs on 5 moods are very catchy & colorful. This is fun, exciting pop! Upbeat, full of soul and beauty. Ladybird's voice is remarkable as a pop diva. Ladybird shines with tons of personality, cool style and irresistible charm. Her voice sounds somewhat like Meja, a very talented Swedish singer. If you like colorful bubblegum dance pop with lots of personality, you will probably love Ladybird! She is quickly becoming a favorite sensation for my fun female pop world.
Nokie Edwards of The Ventures just may be the most versatile of all the rock icons of guitar playing. As demonstrated here, these are the fabulous sounds of Nokie's Grammy-recognized work on Greenhaw Records with Art Greenhaw of Texas. Rootsy, gutsy, raw---this great stuff sounds like it was recorded in the glory days of the Cavern, if only the Cavern hosted American country, folk and rockabilly! This album has a terrific sampling of American music---from the country-folk blast of "Orange Blossom" to the twanging history of USA anthems like "America". Chet Atkins here with an attitude! And some of those great combo sounds of garage band guitar and surf guitar that is performed better here by Nokie than by anyone else--ever! Western swing outfit, The Light Crust Doughboys, are terrific backing instrumentalists and vocalists. Tom Brumley on here is the ultimate steel guitar player. A Five-Star classic, as is all Nokie's Grammy-era work on Greenhaw Records. Don't miss the Vol. 2 in this series.
I don't know what it is, but Melanie's bitter-sweet, melancholy narration breaks my heart.  I was left behind, too.  Maybe that's the connection -- the sadness that the ONE person who loved her the way she was is not with her still.  I love her treatment of the song. Thank you, Melanie, for that!
Love this Cd, especially Always Hear The Harmony! My favorite on Arts Cd and the Cd Always Hear The Harmony Art composed and directed for Engelbert Humperdinck. It was from not understanding a few words in a song Engelbert sang in his show that I met Art and have since purchased many Cds. Hes a super nice guy.
Art Greenhaw is the modern-day leader of The Light Crust Doughboys. This is some of his earlier work, some of the best, freshest new songs on the planet in the classic country and rockabilly mold. Here's exciting, sometimes raw and combo-driven American roots music that's dynamic and destined to become "classic". You'll hear here some of the first versions of Art's original music which have gone on to become famous songs recorded by Engelbert Humperdinck, by Trini Lopez, by Jewel Akens, by Ann-Margret, by Nokie Edwards of The Ventures, by James Blackwood, and by many others. With this album, you can be on the ground floor of the making of a musical legend. Art is carrying on the tradition of the greatest American singer-songwriters like Neil Diamond and Bob Dylan and Paul Anka and Peter Paul & Mary. According to magazine and newspaper  articles, Art's biggest influences have been The Ventures, The Jordanaires, The Blackwood Brothers---and you can sure hear these sounds in his music. Guitar-driven and pop-harmony driven, this is essential rockabilly, country gospel and surf-styled music for the 21st century by one of its greatest players. Search out this and SONGS FOR ALL GOD'S CHILDREN album at all costs.
It's no surprise that Art is a Grammy Award-Winner, and 8-time Grammy nominee. His vocal range is one of the angels. And that is teamed with the talent to be perfect in every instrument that he picks up. He is a true musical genius!
This is a great album. I have Vorpal's other albums as well (Digressions and the jaw-dropping The End, available for free from cockrockdisco.com) and can't pick one over another. I usually play all three in sequence and get about two and a half hours of some of the most innovative, interesting music out there. I love a lot of electronic music (that isn't too clubby sounding) but most of it gets stale after a while and I have to put it away for a few months to appreciate it again. Vorpal doesn't get old because every time I hear it I hear something new, something different.Great for all moods and occasions. And it annoys friends and family, which is a huge plus.
This is a re-release of a demo tape (yes, a cassette) from 1984 or 85.  You can enjoy every crackle and caught conversation like you were there in the room.Amidst an environment of 80's electro-pop, hair metal and the second wave of punk, Dexter Romweber and &#34;Crow&#34; were banging out rockabilly classics like no one had ever head them before.  Even rockabilly bands like the Blasters, who played with the punk bands followed closer to the classics than the punks.  If the Stray Cats had rabies they might sound like the Flat Duo Jets.  Dex was a crooner with a genuine fire and madness but not something as campy as the Cramps.  The sound is distinctly hot and lo-fi as Dex always banged out songs on an old black Danelectro and Crow pounded away on a simple drum kit. There simply are none truer than the stumbling, screaming virtuoso that is Dexter Romweber.  This tape changed my life.
I just "found" Park Hyo Shin..I like a lot of artists but he has become my favorite...no matches!He has a voice that is beyond description...the songs are lovely and the musicians are exquisite.
I am so happy to find this in MP3s because I have one of his long plays and can't hear it on my friend's iPod.  I am so happy and recommend it to all who like great music!
I love this group and have listened to this CD so many times I'm surprised it still plays! We met these guys in Sturgis SD in 2008, and enjoyed them live and have been enjoying their music ever since! We even got them to come to Houston TX for a few shows
Every track is unbelievable.  If you like Sugarman 3, the Meters, Booker T and the MGs, you MUST buy this record.  Simple soul formula--sax, organ, guitar, drums.  No 40 minute obnoxious solos, no trippy "acid" jazz, no "fusion", and no super complicated chord progressions--just instrumental soul bliss.  Two to three minute individual masterpieces."Ladies Choice" is a bit of curve and a little jazzy for my taste, but I'm not complaining.  I'll take 10 "Ladies' Choices" over contemporary soul any day.I IV V at its absolute best.  A+++++.
This is amazing.. Daft Punk-like, yet its own breed. Corporate Crimewave have done a very eclectic and emotional set in this album. Pick this up... I couldn't find the CD and this amazon download setup is perfect way to get it. Legal and its NOT ITUNES!! Thanks amazon
This is a bit more post rock than the last few albums.. I wish they made more like this one..
I heard cut 3, The National Side, on a Paste magazine CD and I liked it enough to buy the CD and to my surprise that is now my least favorite. Best on the CD is Fiona which echoes in a sad way the fighting in Northern Ireland. The vocal is clear, plaintive with an achingly beautiful Irish violin carrying the melody and puntuating the sadness of the song. My 18 year old daughter has Ixcatan on repeat for days at a time. It used to be my favorite as well. It relies on a bass that together with the lead singer's indifferent, matter of fact delivery drives home a note of fatalism that is haunting.Overall this is a CD for quiet contemplation with not one mediocre cut, very highly recommended
I cannot remember which song I downloaded as a free MP3 but after listening to it, I search the Internet and, at the time, there was not much out there... however, I later bought the album [America] and it has been one of the best music purchases I've made in a few years.Favorite songs on this album: Mexico, Quiver, and I Need You Tonight ... of course, The National Side...'Coming from Belfast, Ireland via Minnesota - I am glad you made it here to the USA. Awesome music.
How does Amazon not offer this?Romantica comes to us from Ireland via Minnesota."The National Side" and "Ixcatan" are among the best tracks, but don't miss "Drink the Night Away", either. These guys are amazing.
This is SUCH a good CD.  Heard Ixcatan on Pandora and haven't been able to stop playing it!  Heard some of the other songs and I just HAD to buy the CD.  No regrets, this is an amazing album that deserves so much more notice!  Ixcatan is still my favorite song, but Mateo is a close second!!  I just can't get enough, the best music I have heard in a long while!
I was in a record store in Philly a few weeks back and Romantica was playing in the background. I just had to ask the owner what was playing because I loved it. He told me, I bought it, now I can't take it out of my CD player. Best group nobody ever heard of is the best review I could possibly give. Buy it, you won't regret it.
This takes you right back to the series.  I love the tracks for this album.  They are mostly indie beats that should be heard.
A great soundtrack compilation that is enjoyable even if you don't know the show. It's like a soundtrack to many of your life's moments - angry with the world, sad but happy, really sad or downright rambunctious.Almost all of the songs are great, but there are some stand out gems:We Used to Be Friends by the Dandy WarholsI Know I Know I Know by Tegan and SaraNo Sleep Tonight by the Faders
It's a great soundtrack from start to finish and it's from a great television series as well sucks it got cancelled
I have always wanted this CD and recently gave in and purchased it. I was NOT disappointed and listen to it ALL the time!
This is one of the most beautiful albums I have ever heard.  It makes me happy, brings me great joy and a smile on my face.  I own lots of mediation/yoga music since I teach yoga, and this album is special.  It is a great combination of kirtan music with chants and English lyrics, it is East/West fusion at its best.  I will be looking out for this artist for a long time to come.
This music is great for the practice of yoga, for working out on the elliptical or just for listening. Buy it and pass the good word!
Yea this is a pete Namlook Review. The "AIR" Album. He has well over 5 or 6 Titled "Air" Ambient Albums but they all compare to this first one. This is some of the softest Ambient music and yet it feels like I could listen to this anytime and I'm sure This is going to be the beginning of my Love for Pete Namlook. Who is the most prolific Ambient(Electric) Album producer of his kind. This Album is going to be played by me allot.
10 years ago, this husband and wife duo released this album.The xtra oridnary guitar work of Pete and vocal talents of Maura Kennedymake this a must have for your colletion.I would also recommend Guitarslinger- a fairly recent release showing off petes mindblowing guitar and electric Uke talents.They are still making great music, headlining shows and capturing new listeners where ever they perform.
Every band has recordings that they haven't shared with the world.  And if you're Steely Dan, your threshold for releasing material is pretty darn high.  Mr. Fagen and Mr. Becker are known for their studio zeal and perfectionism, so it is doubly a treat that we get to hear some fairly raw and unfinished material.  And yet, how awesome is it to find this gem of a recording -- it's "old" Dan, mostly without the help of their posse of studio musicians, and it's got the vibe of the early recordings.  It is biting, visceral, smarmy, desperate, sentimental, darkly sarcastic...Listen to the tracks.  Then listen to them in conjunction with the polished studio tracks.  The transition took me for a ride, allowing a little more insight into the writing and arranging process (and yes, The Dan were masters of both).  It will probably take you for a ride as well.  You will crave more.  You will wish some of the tracks weren't 48 seconds long (WHY?!?).  You will want to get out there and write.The Dan grow(s) on you...or perhaps you grow with it.
Alquimia takes you on a journey to an ancient world of druids, bards, mythological heroes and maidens yearning for their lost lovers- the ingredients of Celtic legend. On "Forever" her warm, evocative voice is combined with the arrangements of English composer Mark Powell to treat you to a selection of original and traditional songs.The album ranges from the romantic to the mystical. "Down by the Glenside" features Alquimia's multilayered choirs and Mark's colourful orchestration. The Enya-style "Serving Girl" and "Cantus Firmus" contrast with the plaintive "Bushes and Briars", with its simple piano accompaniment to Alquimia's emotive vocal."Singing Bird" and "Carrickfergus" are reminiscent of Norah Jones, and the romantic "Lass of Glenshee" takes us to the ancient Scottish Highlands, while "White Knight" evokes dreams of Arthurian legends.As an extra, the CD includes 12 MP3s for your computer, iPod or MP3 player. The MP3s feature more intimate versions of the songs with voice and guitar. "Forever" is presented in a stylish digipack with a 12-page colour booklet containing photos and lyrics to all the songs.If you enjoy the music of Enya, Loreena McKennit or Celtic Woman this album is definitely for you-"forever"!
If you once lived the club/underground scene and still like to groove, then this one will get you popping. I only wish there were more albums/artists like this on the contemp Christian artist scene. Best are "Bound" and "Pounding"
I so enjoy B.J. Thomas, his voice. And songs. I would definitely recommend this album. The songs are great. It just takes me back to another time.
If you are a B.J. Thomas fan you will love this album.  What a voice.  What a price download for only 5.00.  You can't beat that
Regional artist, Peggy Lea Keuler,  does a spectacular job of composing the lyrics and music anddoes her own publishing.  Some of these songs just stick in you head... very nice.
What can I say. Jim Morris is crazy and this is a TropRock classic. Makes you dance, order boat drinks AND smile through all the antics. Listen closely to &#34;I Live in My Car at the Don Cesar&#34; It's a 4-star hotel in Tampa/St Pete, FL.
Jim Morris is a song writer that will put you in the mood to lay back and relax. His songs are as enjoyable as listening to Jimmy Buffet
I love the song first made popular by the Mama's and the Papa's titled.."Dancing in the street". So, if you're like me, and you need a particular song sung in a variety of ways, done by a variety of artists! "Under the Covers" will not disappoint! and dont just purchase one song, buy them all! it's not only a money saver, but music to your 'uncovered' ears!
I have about 5 different Big Band collections on cassette and CD.  This collection is my favorite.  I can't put my finger on why.  But I think it is the up-tempo nature of most of the songs on this compilation.  The quality is about right for me--not amped up or exaggerated by remastering.  Yeah, the sound quality is not as good as stuff recorded 20 years later, but I can easily live with it.  I stumbled across this album looking for the signature Big Band Song: Sing, Sing, Sing.  It also has my tie for favorite big band song: I Can't Get Started by Bunny Berigan.  I also enjoy Skyliner by Charlie Barnet.
It's 2 and a half hours of music, that's what i call getting your moneys worth in the music industry. I must have missed him in his prime, but i'm making up for it now. Living next door to Alice is a world wide hit.
What a great trask this is from Tina Ann's highly underrated "Situations" album from 2003.This track is easily her best, and Valentine does great mixes. Shame it wasn't commercially released. It's awesome!It's Eurodance meets trance meets pop!
I love this song.  In fact, I love all of the songs sung by Deborah Harry.  She, and the group Blondie, are my favorites.
This CD is truly amazing. Dorothy Loudon was a wonderful singer and the music is great!  Loved it.Amazon is the best shopping place to go. They are fair and the Support is really great!Thank you!Carol Chrzanowski
I'm not sure why this is my only second Nelson Rangell album. I've had his 1992 &#34;In Every Moment&#34; CD for years. This album is at least as good.A must for Smooth Jazz, &/or Saxophone fans.
Saw this on Broadway (as the second half of "Falsettos") and loved it; have listened to the cast album so often, I'd have worn it out if it had been vinyl.  Powerful, emotional, loving, surprising, funny, tragic--all appropriate descriptions for this album.  {ProfJonathan}
For Johnny Mercer fans, this collection of songs that he wrote, and sings, is as good as it gets. I strongly recommend it!
I bought this CD for a musician friend who wanted to hear the definitiveversion of One for My Baby which is recommended in Gene Lees recent biography of Johnny Mercer. I am a huge Johnny Mercer fan as well as he was very complex emotionally but created lyrics for most of the great American songs we all have come to know and love.
This CD is a treat to own! Johnny Mercer was a very good singer-something not many people recognize! I would highly recommend this CD for people who enjoy great music by such composers as Harold Arlen (That Old Black Magic," "Come Rain or Come Shine") or Henry Mancini ("Moon River"). (Yes, these songs are on this CD.) I would agree with Joshua (another reviewer of this CD) when he says that some of the songs have a distinct `70s sound to them-but, then again, who cares? All the songs are performed very well-and if you like that `70s sound you will enjoy this album even more.The liner notes are well written and there are a few very good photos of Mercer and some of his assistants at the time these songs were recorded in 1974. The sound quality is excellent.Johnny Mercer CDs are not too easy to find; he didn't make many albums. This CD is an excellent portrait of Mercer's work as a singer. He was a very talented lyricist as many people know; now we can appreciate his fine talents even more as we hear him sing the wonderful lyrics he wrote! A BUY!  GRIN
I find this album quite ideal. In contrast to the other listeners, I enjoy the peculiar arrangements. The Rhodes piano, the heavily fluted horn section, the wah-wah guitar - all make for a (dare I say "funky"?) relaxing, yet sophisticated sound, which is, despite is uniqueness, hardly "dated." As I earlier stated, I find the arrangements smooth, relaxing and sophisticated - just the way Mercer tunes were meant to sound. And to those accused the band of disco leanings simply because a few of the tunes were done in a lively, horn-heavy, 4/4 time signature, think again. Remember, Bobby Darin did "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby" in a very similar arrangement 13 years earlier! A 10 star album.- Chuck
This is a wonderful album for those who love easy listening music. Kudos to the artist and songwriter Scott January of 40 Miles Out for creating such a delightful album. It will take you back to the music of the "good ol days".
This band does amazing covers of songs that are well known, and I have never heard such original lyrics and outlook on life as in their original songs. Beautiful accordion, harmonica, guitar, flute, drums, and vocals.  The man singing Squeezebox Blues blew me away. A definite five star album from people who are literary geniuses.  I cannot believe they're not being introduced as today's Beatles!
The fact that this has only gotten 2 reviews is a sad, typical statement in itself. The radio fed masses have zero idea...
I'm not big on words when it comes to Jazz music.  I just think the world of this lady and her music.  I've listened to this album dozens of times since I bought it a few years ago and it never seems to get old.  Just love it.
One of my favorite songs from the 80's - I love the German version even better than the English version.
Frank Mills caught my ear back when I was 16 years old riding the school bus.  I, meek and reserved, shushed the entire school bus so I could listen to his song.  Surprisingly, they complied, and from that moment on, every time Music Box Dancer played, they gave me my moments of pleasure.  When I discovered he had entire albums, MULTIPLE albums, I purchased every one.  Last year, desperate for digital versions of my favorite music, I tried converting the albums with a hunk of junk I now use as a boat anchor.  It didn't work.  When I saw this was available as MP3 through Amazon, I snatched it up (I'll pay the electric bill twice next month...PROMISE!! ;)  )  The music is better than ever!  The only song I don't care for is On the Move.  The rest are awesome, although Ski Fever has less piano playing and more big band sound.  I would like to point out Frank Mills does have books and sheet music available that are well worth it.  If you like this album, look for the ones that have Breakaway (also called Classical Rock), Storm Warning and Ballet Russe.  As an FYI, Happy Song and Peter Piper are also songs that have that Music Box Dancer feel to them.
I can't even tell you how nice it felt to hear that voice again.  I hadn't even noticed she'd released a new album.  As soon as I saw she had, I bought it, and have subsequently been on a Cindy Lee jag-- listening to all of her work.This is a small collection of great CLB songs.  The stuff is fresh-- in Cindy style, she's definitely trying new things.My favorite songs are "Cry Me a Jordan," "Beloved Stranger" and "Feel Like I Owe Somebody Something.""When Did Jesus Become a Republican" takes you by surprise, but it's a great song and does a nice job of asking a question that nobody seems to be able to answer.A very nice addition to the Cindy Lee collection, all of which are fantastic.I sincerely hope that this is a sign of more Cindy CD's.  She's vastly underrated, and so talented. I've seen her perform many times, and I know that there are so many Cindy jewels out there, I'd love to hear some of those songs again some day.
I play this album more than all my other Frank Mills albums because it has a couple songs I don't own.  My favorite is by far his Concertos 1, 2 & 3, but his Kitty on the Keys is pretty cute, too.  I will say one thing about Frank Mills: if he likes a musical phrase, he's prone to repeating it in other songs.  There are a few unique songs (Ballet Russe), but most of his music bounces off his Music Box Dancer successes and mirror that song in tenor.  I do have one complaint, though, and that's the sheet music that I bought for Concertos 1,2 & 3 is not the same as the song.  Bummer.  Song rocked.
Even after 5 years, Merge in 1994 still dressed for success in releasing great bands!  Showcases early Merge artists such as Breadwinner, Angels of Epistemology, Wwax and even the Squirrel Nut Zippers!  The 5 year comp is just as badass as the 10 and 15 yr compilation in my opinion!
This album is filled with alternate takes of songs from Your Blues, recorded during Dan Bejar's tour for that album, and in some cases (particularly "New Ways of Living") the alternate takes actually surpass the album versions.  Even when they don't, they offer fresh versions of incredible songs during one of Bejar's most impressive periods of songwriting.  Highly recommended for a fan of the band, or any indie rock band, really.
This is a must have, especially for the following songs: Ths Town, Cry To Heaven, Nikita, Shoot Down The Moon and The Man Who Never Died. These songs I am referring to are simply amazing...
Very good ablum & great CD; good purchase all around.
Elton's career has had its ups and downs, but this album came at a time when he was in top form. It followed Breaking hearts (featuring Sad songs say so much, Passengers) and that in turn followed Too low for zero (featuring I'm still standing, I guess that's why they call it the blues). Both of those albums contained some fine album tracks as well as those major hit singles and some lesser hits, and this album followed the pattern. Gus Dudgeon, producer of Elton's albums from his classic 1970 to 1976 period, returned to that position for this album.The biggest hit here was Nikita, which by making the UK top three, was Elton's biggest UK hit for nearly ten years, although he'd had plenty of UK top ten hits in between. Nikita also made the top ten in America. The follow-up single from this album, Wrap her up made the top twenty on both sides of the Atlantic without capturing the public imagination to the extend of its predecessor. Both hits featured George Michael on backing vocals. A third single from the album, Cry to heaven, became a minor UK hit. By that time, anybody who wanted the song probably had the album. Other great tracks on the album include This town, Tell me what the papers say and Candy by the pound.When one thinks of Elton John's albums, this one isn't usually among the first to come to mind, but that's only because Elton recorded so many great albums. There is much to like about this album, which was expanded with this re-issue to include The man who never died (the B-side of Nikita), a live version of Restless (the studio version of which was the B-side of Wrap her up) and live versions of Sorry seems to be the hardest word and I'm still standing. This may not be the place to begin a collection of Elton's studio albums, but no serious Elton John fan should be without it.
I remember when this came out, I think there was a problem with promotion for this album because he was switching contracts (from mca to geffen)  It's a shame because it was probably his most consistent and listenable  album in the 80s.  Excellent mccartneyish melodies and harmonies in  'Breaking Down Barriers', 'Fascist Faces', sinister L.A. rock blues in  'Heart In the Right Place', experimental classical suites, good singing  &amp; writing, make this his best since 'Captain Fantastic'.  It sounds  like they actually took some time in recording this record, overall the  musicianship and arrangements are excellent, and the guitar work would not  be out of place on a steely dan album.  (Actually some steely dan members  do play on this album)But at the time, pap like Air Supply, Juice  Newton, and overall silliness were riding high on the charts, and EJ was  perceived as a fading dinosaur, as was ELO with their similarly neglected  Time album.  He didn't get this creative again until &quot;Made In  England&quot;.
21 at 33 was an omen of something great to come.  And that was, of course, Elton's 1981 release The Fox.  This is, probably tied with Tumbleweed Connection, Elton's least commercial album.  But this is no Tumbleweed.  Instead, Elton seemed to be showing us what he could do, going from the rollicking Breaking Down Barriers to the synth-extravaganza that is Nobody Wins (the album's low point) to the beauty of Carla-Etude.  The introspective Elton's Song is one of the albums strongest songs, despite a few moments of lyrical stupidity.  Elton still wasn't writing every song with Bernie at this point, but with the exception of Chloe and Breaking Down Barriers (both with lyrics by Gary Osborne) the John/Taupin compositions are the best on the album.  The sound of this album is so unique, it's become one of my favorites.  Somehow he's managed to put a little bit of everything into these nine songs, and they flow.  Sadly, this was Elton's 80's peak.  It's all downhill from here.
I Luv this album! We start with with"Breakin'Down Barriers"&then we sway to"Heart's In The Right Place"YEAH! "Just LikeBelgium"is cute."Nobody Wins"was an overlooked 45 & I dig it!Another anthem!"Facist Faces" Side 2 starts with the instros"Carla/Etude"Next:"Chloe"(What cha gonna do 'bout me?)"Heels ofthe Wind" is a dancer. Followed by "Elton's Song"Very Sweet &touching, We conclude with "The Fox" Like it or not! No.I Love it!~~~of corse!!!
I'm not sure why this album, which I originally purchased on a cassette that I completely wore out wasn't a huge hit. EVERY song on this album is fantastic. Released in 1981 on vinyl and cassette only, this album, which I now own on cd is brilliant. I own everything Elton has released over the years and I have to say this album is right up there with Captain Fantastic and Goodbye Yellow Brick Road. The songs are complex and upbeat for the most part. The few ballads are gorgeous. If you like Elton John, you will love this cd. Standouts include "Breaking Down Barriers" and "Just Like Belgium" and "Chloe," but I LOVE every song on this cd and still listen to it regularly. Buy it and you won't be sorry.
I always loved this album, thank God its now a CD.  Glad I found it again.
I had this album when it was just that.. a vinyl album.. Wore it out front and back.. I love everything about it.. every cut, every lyric, every note... I missed it for years, then found it again here at Amazon and just can't wait to hear it agan.
I have this on vinyl, and had been wanting to find a copy on CD... This is one of my favorite EJ albums!
This collection from 1981 has nearly gone unnoticed, probably due to the lack of input from Bernie Taupin.  It is filled with great uptempo, complex arrangments like, "Breaking Down Barriers" and"Fascist Faces".  "Just Like Belgium" is one of Elton's most upbeat romantic songs since the mid-seventies and "Carla/Etude/Fanfare" (which runs into) "Chloe" is a testament to Elton John's creativity.  However, the best song on the album and the only single, "Nobody Wins" beats out the rest for arrangment, lyrics and heartfelt tearjerking.  Amazingly, this single is omitted from all collections.  I wish someone would explain this mystery to me.
This album rates in my opinion as the best of all Elton John's albums and it continues to amaze me that it is not being re-released on CD.The album is a fine mix of pop and easy listening tunes with tracks like &quot;Nobody Wins&quot; and &quot;Facist Faces&quot; offset by &quot;Carla/Etude/Fanfare&quot;, &quot;Chloe&quot; and the classic title track &quot;The Fox&quot;We only see the rare appearance of &quot;Fanfare&quot; and &quot;Chloe&quot; on complilations.If you find a copy then grab it!
"The Fox" can simply be categorized as two different efforts delivered on one album.  Titles 1 through 5 are reminiscent of some of the weaker efforts that Elton John produced in the late 70's.  However, tracks 6 through 10 are emotional and moving pieces that have withstood the test of time.  They are reminiscent of some of the best work that John has ever recorded.  Tracks 6 through 10 will stir your emotions as you listen to some of the most poignant, classic and soulful music produced in our lifetime.  "The Fox" is a must buy for your music collection!
Obviously by the time this album was released, Elton's magic was somehow disappearing as far as sales &amp; popularity were concerned. However it's a lame excuse for the performance of this album in sales based on it's contents. Perhaps it was because this was the first U.S. album for a new label for Sir? Anyone who has had the pleasure of listening to this album or who is even lucky enough to own it knows what I mean. Beethoven is a distant cousin to Sir when it comes to the beautiful masterpiece of Carla Etude. Makes you wish Sir would record and entire cd with him on the piano accompanied by an orchestra (although &quot;live in Australia&quot; comes close. Some of the other pop-rock tracks on this album are musical gems to be discovered with great pleasure I might add. Breaking down barriers is as demonic (piano wise) as &quot;burn down the mission&quot;. &quot;Heart in the right place is so spiteful &amp; downright nasty, &quot;nobody wins&quot; becomes a classic Elton single (one of the rare not written by Sir but he makes it his own), &quot;... faces is scary but so downright bitchy (the vocal arrangement &amp; effect is so haunting), &quot;chloe is perhaps one of Elton's most beautiful but not most successful love singles, &quot;the fox&quot; is such a great melodic rendition of Sir's 2nd best talent his &quot;Vocal Extraordinaire&quot; is highlighted here as in so many more songs. This album is worth it if only for half of the songs mentionned previously. &quot;Check it out&quot;
Look we all know these guys suck, and they ruined some great tunes, but lets face it these guys put their heart and soul into this project and there has to be something said for that.Life is about being happy and having fun, and thats what you hear in this CD. SO how can it be bad? Yeah they screwed up the songs and they sound bad, but its not about that.If anything it helps us realize how good the goo goo dolls really are, and thats what I find good about this CD.This CD sucking has just helped me to not take for granted the great originals that we all know and love.I would never buy this with your money. I would buy something illegal like drugs or sex with that money before I wasted it on this crap.
I realize most people today would find this CD old and outdated.but for me that is not the case. I love these beautiful old hymns as sung by some men who most assuredly must have encountered the living Lord Jesus Christ at the feet of " The Old Rugged Cross.". Their voices blend in glorious harmony as they sing about their Saviour.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to  hear spirit filled gentlemen sing the old hymns in lovely harmony from their heart from someone who have met Him at the foot of the Cross.
havent heard in a decade, so I decided to buy and enrich my musical life. Beautiful sampling and deep bass is delightful.
Celebration has been around for a little while, now, and I've been a fan for years. Let that taint this review as it will.The bottom line is that Celebration isn't for everyone. The band will never be played on mainstream radio, and they'll never have a top 40 hit. Not with albums like 2005's debut,Celebration. And the new album,Modern Tribebuilds on the buried, piercing vocals and frenetic compositions of its predecessor.Imagine taking Sonic Youth and Blonde Redhead and putting them in a cage with a wolverine. That's Celebration. The new album just kind of adds a little violence. You wouldn't want 'em getting tame, now, would you?
As the 1950's came to a close, Louis Armstrong decided to pay a lavish jazz-filled tribute to the golden era of popular song from the 1920's to the 1940's andthe crooners who gave it its sophisticated charm.  This album is a snapshot of atime when popular music was at a crossroads: romantic crooning would surviveas nostalgia, but with a dash of fresh young talent; the big bands have dwindledto a plentiful few; folk music have made its time-honoured comeback and finallyrock and roll had rose from a big time fad to a powerful world class music genre.Take Blueberry Hill, the song was a big hit for Gene Autry and Glenn Miller, andfollowing his version from the early-1950's it have became a hit again--this timefor Fats Domino in 1955.  With Satchmo In Style, Armstrong would choose fromthis American Songbook repertoire where other slick versions includes It's All InThe Game, Jennie (A Dream Of Lilac Time), Listen To The Mockingbird, IndianLove Call, Spooks and You're Just In Love.  Backed with a harmonic orchestralarrangement, the session also feature Louis Armstrong parodying bebop in TheWhiffenpoof Song, and with four additional bonus tracks added, you get to heara different take on When It's Sleepy Time Down South, where he plays them allin his inimitable style--Satchmo Style!
Best &#34;unknown&#34; in the biz right now. Also an amazing live performer-I suggest you purchase the entire catalogue-All of his stuff is superior to most of what you're listening to right now.
It is quite rare for a "young" artist to produce a debut album as ripe and versatile as FLAMINGO STAR's "I Wouldn't Wait No Longer". Much more than being merely an entertaining listening experience, this 17 song extravaganza has a lot to offer for lounge and dancefloor aficionados alike. Matthias "Hit" Becker shows us how refreshing and amusing such a crossover album can be, without disintegrating into a conglomeration of individual tracks. The thread may be tangled but never frayed or even torn. The keyword here is "Soul". Because that's what it is all about - regardless of the combination with either Pop, Latin, Disco, Lounge or Indian sounds. Funk and Soul are the roots from which everything else sprouts....Hope you will enjoy this CD as much as I do!
While "Getcha Some" was a strong single from Pleasure Center last year, I have to say that "You've Got it All Wrong" is just over-the-top HOT! I like some of the mixes better than others on the EP, and likewise, any dance fan is bound to find a couple amongst the set that they'll really enjoy. Cory's awesome production plus Jennifer's deep and strong vocal make this a must-buy in my book.
I have a love/hate relationship with labels that issue these compilations. On the love side this one is a reasonably complete survey or Thelma Carpenter's early recordings, including her first with Teddy Wilson. Moreover, the sound quality is surprisingly good and the price makes it a bargain. What I hate is the total lack of context of the music and with whom the tracks were recorded.Some of the missing information can be sound, but is time consuming. I managed to track down with whom and the general eras that these tracks represent. The ones in this album cover her first decade. The Teddy Wilson tracks are from 1939 and include later performances with Coleman Hawkins circa 1940, and with Basie circa 43 through 45. She picked up with the Bud Freeman tracks right after the Basie recordings.Here are the orchestras backing her on the tracks:Teddy Wilson: tracks 1 and 2Coleman Hawkins: track 3Count Basie: tracks 4 and 5Herman Chittison Trio: track 6Bud Freeman: tracks 7, 8,  10,Earl Sheldon: tracks 9, 11, 12,Eddie Sauter: tracks 13 and 14Mitchell Ayres: tracks 15 and 16Luther Henderson: track 17Ames Brothers: track 18, and track 19 with Garland Wilson and Ames BrothersGarland Wilson: track 20Avon Long: tracks 22 and 23Lehman Engel: track 24Cab Calloway: tracks 25 and 26Some of the tracks sound dated, especially the earlier ones including the Teddy Wilson recordings. Fortunately, there are superb examples of Carpenter's singing and some excellent backing ensembles in this compilation as well. I wish that there was a more complete, wider career retrospective of her work. However, until that surfaces this collection is a good foundation for her fans and a hint at the richer and wider music and acting career that she enjoyed.
I really like Chris Joss's version of the Superman Theme!  I was searching everywhere for a good disco, funky version of the theme but was only finding bad midi and low quality versions out there.  Then I found this and it's great!  It's an excellent arrangement and high quality recording.  Stays true to the original melody well making it groovy!
If you liked the Carpenters and their music you love this album, Probably you have some if not most of these tracks on other albums and welcomed the opportunity to have so much that you like in the one place. If you did not like the Carpenters you would not consider even listening to far less buying this album. Personally I think that Karen Carpenter had one of the most beautiful and distinctive voices of her generation and the musical arrangments were innovative and way ahead of their time.Judith Durham and Dusty Springfield are the other two female singers of these decades who stand out along with Karen for range, depth and voice.Alex
I'm thinking that after twenty one years of keeping the Carpenters legacy alive, Richard decided to create, at the label's request, one more and possibly final collection of Carpenter's signature tunes with three tracks previously unreleased here in the States. There are some songs missing, "(I Want You) Back In My Life Again," "Beechwood 4-5789," "Those Good Old Dreams," "You're The One," "Where Do I Go From Here," "Goofus" and "Now," but those songs are available on their respective albums and other comps.The three tracks included are "The Rainbow Connection," "Leave Yesterday Behind," and "California Dreaming" all from 2000's Japanese release of "As Time Goes By," an excellent album just recently released domestically. For those of us interested in Richard's skill as an arranger/ producer, "As Time Goes By" offers an excellent study of Richard's reconstruction ability. One such track is "Nowhere Man," a marvel. Recorded around the same time as "California Dreaming," Richard built an elaborate string arrangement around a surviving mono acetate reference disc of Karen's lead.Richard likes to remix songs he feels work best with a little updating. There will never be a total agreement among the Carpenters fans regarding this, but if the original mixes is what is wanted, all of the original versions have been remastered and released on their corrosponding albums and are all still currently available. Personally, I side with Richard on the remixing and a curent cd, a terrific remix project, "By Request," is available in Japan and on this website.A surprising version of "Solitaire" is included on this anthology, the single mix really isn't all that different, save for the inclusion of a pipe organ and electric guitar introduced a few bars earlier in the second verse; the clean sound due to this "take" being pressed just once, for a 45. The album version has been so overused that if you listen carefully, you can hear where the master was beginning to degrade, especially in the last verse of the first chorus. Overall the very best versions of the Carpenters signature songs have been collected to create the most comprehensive collection to date, one wishes a track from Richard's first solo album and Karen's only solo were present, and the remastered sound is as excellent as the recently released recompiled boxed set.
One of the greatest vocalists of her time. Karen Carpenter was a gifted singer with a beautiful voice.  Her music playing in a room can change the whole atmosphere to an upbeat one.So sad she left this world at such a young age.
If you are a Carpenters fan, this has all the best songs Karen Carpenter sang.  It has all the upbeat and all the sad songs.  Love the album.
We were very happy with the quality of this album and the purchase overall. Excellent transaction once again with Amazon.
A SUPER ALBUM TO LISTEN TO. MUSIC IS UPBEATAND RELAXING. THEY WERE GREAT ARTIST.IT IS AGREAT EDITION CUT BY THEM.
I'm completely transported back in time by this 'album'. It's a great collection of their most favorite songs, spanning much of their career together. I would consider it a 'must have' for fans.
Brought back memories of the voice of an angel.Great selection of songs. We miss the Carpenters and their contribution to the Musical World, I as a former Radio Broadcaster, love the classical tunes many were included in The  Carpenters Gold.  Laurie Hartmann
I loved it - great selection of hit songs of the 60's and 70's .  I would recommend it for the Carpenters fans.
Without a doubt,Richard and Karen Carpenter were  America's biggest stars in popular music of the 1970's.Richard's conciderable talent of writting/selecting then arranging material,merged with Karen's incredible vocals created a catalogue of pop music at it's best.From 1969-1981,The Carpenters were a mainstay of top 40 radio,selling tens of millions of records worldwide.The hits from "Close to You",to "Top of The World" to "Goodbye to Love" to "yesterday once More" and so on are ingrained into our pop culture and collective consciousness.Twenty Seven years after their abrupt end,Their albums still sell,their songs are still radio staples,and there is an ongoing movement to have them inducted into the Rock and Roll hall of fame.Not too bad for a couple of middle class kids from Downey,California.While I agree with some of the frustration towards Richard's nearly endless remixing and rereleasing of the Carpenters catalogue  into compilations,It's his right to do so,since it is his music. We don't have to like it or buy it,but it's his to tinker with. However,even though I enjoy the original album and single mixes more,There's something to be said for having a nice summary of "the best".This two CD set accomplishes it very well.Yes,most of them are NOT the mixes that were heard when stylus met groove all those years ago,but really,this set isn't ment for those who already own all the albums.It's for the new fan who just heard Karen's voice for the first time,and wants to hear more.Bam,here it is.All the hits,some of the best album cuts,a few suprises.A nice way to introduce someone into lifelong fandom.Sure,a few keyboard passages are different,a guitar solo edited here,or a new background vocal track there,but the most important element,Karen,is still the constant.Unchanging in her ability to send shivers up your spine,put a tear in your eye,or bring a smile to your face. Having just listened through the set again a few days ago,I still throughly enjoyed it.Yeah,I noticed that some things sound a bit different than i'm used to,but the casual newbie,won't.All they will notice is that voice,and the beautiful woman it came out of.When I think of Karen and the fact that she left this world WAY too soon,I find myself thinking of a quote from-of all things-STAR TREK II: The Wrath of Khan.At the end of the movie,after Spock's funeral (don't worry,he got better),Dr.McCoy says of his departed friend "He's not dead.Not as long as we remember him." We remember Karen Carpenter.Thus,she is not truely dead.This album (as well as any of the compilations past and future) helps to keep the memory of that smile and that voice alive.Long live the music.Long Live The Carpenters!
Karen Carpenter has one for the greatest voices of all time and these song will transport you back to lava lamps and free love.
Glad I found this cd. I lost it a long time ago, and couldn't find it again. Some of the best stoner rock around.  check it out. Fat and chuggy!!!
Hey!! When is &#34;wrestlin' my ladyfriend&#34; going to available for downloading? That's the record that got me into the band. 155 & &#34;dope fu&#34;?? Come on somebody-anybody get it happening! Oh yeah this record is just as mandatory as the first. So grow a pair and pick this up!!:)
There is a sweetness and an honesty these guys play with.  Their music always makes me smile even though I think they are trying to be sad :)
Mike Strickland has a nice touch in the way he plays, and he doesn't overdo the whole &#34;new age&#34; take on classics. Relaxing for me, and for our infant.
I could listen to these music for hours and not grow tired.  It just makes the whole day better.  I highly recommend it.
Heard one song, looked at the album's contents and had to have it.  Beautiful quality and perfect sound.  Wonderful music by a talented artist.  worth every penny.
These guys rip! This is a must have if you like music to groove to! And its realy realy fun.
I found these guys while listening to iTunes radio for another artist, but every time I looked up to see who was playing that cool song it was these guys.The only way this could be better, is with Bacon
If your looking to have ur ear buds listen to some psychadelic rock funk jam then pgroove's sweet oblivious antidote is the album for you to purchase next. As someone who jams to this band on a daily basis it is my favorite piece of work by them. There is not one band jam in this album in my opinion its amazing from start to finish. With three weeks, tsmm, sundog, robot waltz, and teakwood beatz it brings you thru a groovy experience. If you have never witnessed a show by these guys please come out and support them at the best festival of the summer this year at Wakarusa 2011 in Ozark, Arkansas you can find out more info by looking at [...]
If you are a fan of jam music or just a fan of chillin, buy this album you wont regret it. One of the most underrated bands out there
Charlotte Martin is my favourate ever artist.... and I am not just saying that... she really has a voice that can send shivers down your spine and haunt your mind well after you have finished listening to the song. Also the very best thing about whatever charlotte Martin sings is that, unlike many other songs that come and go, it is very hard to get sick of her vioce and the songs she sings, and all of them are enjoyable, unlike many albums where it is just 3 or 4 songs that are goodMy favourates on the album would have to be.elderly women behind the counter in a small town.Cherry Coloured Funk.Obstacle 1.Chocolate.Just like heavenand constant craving
Too many cover albums simply rehash the original songs without adding anything to them. This disc is a nice exception.  Martin has chosen a wide range of songs and adds her own unique style to them. Hearing "Just Like Heaven" redone as a piano ballad is a treat worth the price of the disc alone.
This is a great collection of American music played by actual soldiers.  The men and women of the United States Air Force Band are not only amazing musicians, but brave defenders of our country as well. The music on this album is not just typical patriotic fare but some really great country and Americana songs as well. This is a great mixture of fun music you can enjoy listening to and feel good about.
This is an outstanding album. Somgs like Decided, The World Thinks, and Break My Skin are my favorites.  Check it out!
I had already played this album through Rdio before I bought it here, so I knew that it wasn't really the "Demos, Interviews, And Lost Songs" of WhiteHeart. As the other reviewers have commented, it is indeed their original album with no modifications. In my case, however, that was exactly what I was looking for; you can't find the original self-titled WhiteHeart album anywhere.I did this as an Amazon music download, which was fairly uneventful (although a bit too time consuming, in my opinion...downloading a downloader never made much sense to me). Music went right into iTunes no problem and sounds great. I have a pretty eclectic taste in music, and the album as a whole adds some great material to my collection.
This is a great album. A very unique take on bluegrass, what I'd call dirty bluegrass. It's raw and gritty and aggressive. Think "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" with a kick in the pants and gravel in the throat.
The City of Prague Philharmonic always offers a lush sound to their music, but more than that, they often sound exactly like the original version of the music that they play.  These selections are wonderful to listen to.
Tiesto's In Search of Sunrise series is one of my favorites out there in the trance genre and his ISoS 6 is just as wonderful as the rest. Very east to listen to, relaxing but with a nice beat. However, this digital version is just a few songs from each disc (there's two), so you won't get the full feeling of the two disc set. I'd highly recommend to cough up a few extra dollars and buy the disc format - you won't regret it.
Just listening to tiesto's fresh new album brings imagery to mind immediately. Other artist try so hard to speak through their music that by saying everything they say nothing. Tiesto's simple beats bring vivid imagery to mind immediately with a constant change in musical atmosphere.Where others fail to create meaning and atmosphere, tiesto succeds and it's no wonder, he's had years to perfect his craft. You won't find remixes that sound like the original with a different beat, Instead you'll find a fresh new look at trance and what's its capable of bringing into the listener's mind, Both musically and visually.
Heard this in a movie and have been searching ever since and was happy to find it on amazon music
America includes some very well known latin american tunes such as Drume Negrita, Guajira Guantanamera, Obsesion, Besame Mucho, Tu Mi Delirio,  in refreshing arrangements, and Edsel Gomez piano provides a certain spirituality to every note that he plays; every note is really special and enjoyable; just relax and listen closely. There is always an exquisite dialogue and interchange between the piano and the guitar.It might seem impossible to have a jazz Guajira Guantanamera; but it is possible as evidenced here. It might seem impossible to have innovative arrangements of Besame Mucho, Drume Negrita and Obsesion as well, but this recording proves otherwise. While these tunes may be standards, they are truly jazz in this recording.  The recording also includes jazz standards, again in a very refreshing and innovative fashion. Overall, this is very special music, an all star selection of tunes.
Humming Urban Stereo has always followed its own path in the music world. If you're looking to listen to music and appreciate how they put tunes together. This is the group. They do have actual songs where the band members are singing which are equally just as good if not better.
This group is phenonmenal! I listen to this disc constantly, and I wonder why The Aquatones weren't as big as as they should heve been. Every song on this disc is terrific. The disc should have included "I Wrote A Poem" that features Lynne Nixon singing in the background.
Great album, great songs, some I had never heard before. Easy download. I now prefer Amazon for my music. And most everything else I buy online.
I cannot believe how many times i keep playing this CD over and over. some somgs are silly yet cute.
Raulin Rodriguez is one of the kings of bachata. It you love bachata, especially the traditional flavor with emphasis on lead guitar in addition to singing, then this album is for you.
I am quite impressed by this album! As if Lotus isn't completely amazing by themselves, these remixes are ON POINT!! DJ Harry rules! HIGHLY recommended!
This is the first new stuff by the EG in a while and it's amazing. All synthpop fans can enjoy the EG.  They have been around since 1994 and have a lot of expirence that is evident in their music, weather it's new songs like Suffer, Flame, or Dead Hearts or covers like Voices Carry (only on the CD version) or Here Is The House (only on the Digital version and the song can pe purchased by itself).  Inshort the EG will give you a good musical time with any of their CD's.
This is the first new material I've heard from the Echoing Green in a long time and, wow... "Suffer" is a very good song. I love the frantic build up that leads to the very melodic last minute or so of the song with Chrissy's angelic vocals. AMAZING!For the rest of the EP, I really like the Antique Toys remix of "Suffer". I like it when someone can take a great song & make a remix that isn't just the original vocals laid over a generic *thump* - *tss* - *thump* - *tss* trance beat. The rest of the remixes to be found on here are kind of hit or miss for me. I did enjoy the songs "Flame" and "Dead Hearts". Good stuff. And the cover of "Voices Carry" was great.Overall this is a very good EP. I can only hope that sometime soon we could possibly get a brand new, full length album from the Echoing Green..
I heard Maureen in concert at Wolftrap a few years back and she was awesome!  This 2007 version of "The Morning After" is simply wonderful!
This compilation is a solid representation of New York House during the early 1990s. There is not a single song here I do not enjoy! The songs are soulful, warm, uplifting and danceable! Dancing bliss! I recommend this compilation!
This album rocks! It has quite a few cameos including Cameron Stone on cello and mixes by Vincent Kwok. Electronic meets eclectic. Lots of good intention. You can hear it. The music is deep, the lyric powerful and her voice is stellar.
This is great for when you're in the mood for a little down tempo relaxation.  Even though some of the tunes are quite bouncy (Warrior, 8 ball) it doesn't harsh your mellow trying to wind down from  hard week.
This is a very hard to find album containing many great songs, my favorite of which is '8-Ball'. I first heard the album on DI dot com, searched everywhere for it and finally found it here on Amazon!  Thanks Amazon!
This is the type of music I enjoy.  I put it on my Sandisk.  What a great way to walk.
I love Mariachi! My sister Wendy, my cousin Sandy and my caretaker Cynthia's granddaughter Adriana also love Mariachi. I highly recommend this album to them.
Tara Z is fire this is the most played song on my Nano, I love it and feel it in the clubs.
This was an excellent purchase from a great SKA group!! Love all the music and wish I had purchased sooner!
These arrangements almost sound Broadway-worthy.  The arrangements definitely have the scope of a major production.  The songs just sound "big".  The tunes are catchy and the lyrics are clever.  This is probably the closest I've seen to a modern "horn-rock".  I would definitely recommend this album to anyone that likes ska, rock, or really just good music.  I want to get more of their albums.
That's just the way it goes in a ska band!Great album, very good for dancing in the car :P
I love the BDP. I heard them for the first time at a bar called &#34;Rabb's&#34; in Ruston, LA and was immediately hooked. Love the acoustic style (even when there is electric guitars in it), excellent lyrics, and the melodies were made to sing along.
If you are a fan of Jack Johnson, Sublime, Slightly Stoopid, Pepper, or anyone else along those lines, Bag of Toys is another band you'll be adding to that list. I discovered the band through a friend of mine and bought Nooner the very next day. Their laid-back acoustic sound and rich (and often relatable) lyrics make their music perfect for a nice relaxing listen, be it by yourself or with some friends. Their sophomore album Afternooner delivers the same great tunes; I highly recommend both of their albums to any fan of the acoustic surf-rock genre.
Looking back, 5  years ago when my buddy brought this CD back from his trip to the WC i had no idea. With MP3's and digital media these days, you almost forget what it means to have a great CD. As much as i enjoy the digital copy of Nooner.....I love dropping in "Nooner" for a ride down to the Keys. This is what debut albums are supposed to be!
This music puts you on the beach, sunset, cold brew, beach fire pit, and just enjoying the waves rolling in and good friends.  As others have opined on Bag Of Toys reviews, their music evokes the sounds of Jack Johnson and other acoustic surf rock bands.  The lyrics are edgy at times and pack a punch other times, but all them time pull  you into the spirit of the beach.  These guys are great.  Buy the music and enjoy.
I won't lie. I haven't actually paid for music in I don't know how long. ATLEAST 10 years. I just bought this. Amazing singer.
Hut his real talent shines out in his original work. This isn't any exception. In general tracks may not be as pop-ish as his covers can be, but they're extremely enjoyable to listen to, putting it mildly.Jake's one of the few cover artists I follow on youtube and enjoy his original work just as if not more than his covers.
I bought this CD a few years ago and it immediately when to the top of my most played list and has stayed there! Nothing is more romantic than the music on this CD and if you want a great 'date night' CD playing in the background that is a bit more upbeat than easy listening - this IS the CD for you!Highly recommend this CD and this artist.
This wasn't one of Jason Statham's most well known movies, which is a shame as it truly highlight his acting skills beyond his typical action roles.  The same could be said about the soundtrack, Trevor Jones did an outstanding job on the score but unfortunately it too seems to have gone unnoticed.  To me it is reminiscent of Vangelis' Bladerunner, music that adds just a touch more to the plot.  It is a shame that both Statham's performance and Jones' soundtrack will never get the recognition either deserves, but that should not diminish the fact that both were an A+ effort!
I love the message of every song from Tyrone's Albums.I think there are great messages for every soul in his music.Congratulation Tyrone. I love your music.You rock!Jose.
Close:Live At McClain's  This is a very good live recording. It captures the intimate feel of this small coffee house, McClain's so buy it.
Five Star ChristmasCharles Hammer has great guitar skills, and this classical album allows his efforts to glow for the holidays. Very enjoyable Christmas classics that will fill the room with happiness. What more could you want. Well it has that too.Charles was a Avery talented and gifted man, and he was always glad to see you after one of his many live performances. He is missed, but his great talent lives on in his series of great guitar music.
It's difficult to find recordings by We Three so this is a real treat.  If you like Italian music done with real style and perfection then you will love their recordings.
sasha has the voice and they got the beat to make this album worth the money.i dig jahcoozi and i dig bln.
I just got home from seeing Orin and Sasha live at Decibel Festival in Seattle. O.M.G. They TORE IT UP! They did the last set of a LONG night, starting around 1am and they didn't just _guide_ the crowd up to their feet, they reached out and YANKED them up high! Very nice... VERY VERY nice.If you like the studio mixes, wait until you see them vibe off of a live crowd.KILLER!THANK YOU GUYS!
A staple for any Ohio State fan prior to "The Game."  Going to college in Michigan, my friends thought this album was both hilarious and catchy.  Even if you hate the Buckeyes you have to respect the dedication of a band willing to go on stage dressed as Woody Hayes.Their lyrics are pretty crass, but undeniably clever.  Anyone who refuses to chant "Wide Left" during "The Ballad of Mike Lantry" literally has no soul.
Probably the greatest album in the history of mankind.  Has been known to cure cancer.  Also, infuriates people who lost the Civil War.If you don't like it you're (A)a Neo-Nazi (B) a whore from Michigan (C) a fan of the South Eastern Circlejerk or (D) all of the above
Wow!!!  A good friend of mine turned me on to this group which I never heard of before called,"The RAH BAND". He passed on two songs of theirs, one called, "Clouds Across The Moon" & the other "Messages From The Stars". He knows I like music that's not pop top 40, so with that said I listen the these two songs he turned me onto & I just love them!  What a nice surprise, to hear music that was fun, dreamy, & with good vibrations.  So, I decided to purchase the best Of The RAH Band & I was so pleasantly surprised.  Each track is just as good as the last.  I would strongly recommend this cd if u like music with sort of a soft, dreamy, dance, pop rock,  glam, 80's sound.  I am very happy with my purchase!
The introspective lyrics and fast pace in these songs set an at once somber and exciting atmosphere, and at $8.99 for the -complete- album of almost 30 tracks, it's a steal compared to the fragmented and incomplete album on iTunes, in which the total cost of buying each song amounts to over 25 dollars!Favorite tracks: Another World, Colour of Love, Life is a Distance, Lost Little Robot, Ambush, and Mantrap- The Seduction
Love this album! Great beat and fun lyrics! Lyrics have to do with old slasher movies. Kind of like a game to try to figure out which ones.
Quite awesome.  Remixes are excellent in this collection.  I adore the Dr. Channard (Funker Vogt Remix) on Disc 2. This album brings back club memories.  Defiantly worth the price for 29 music tracks.  I wish Beborn Benton would come out with new content soon!  I highly recommend this album to any synth/futurepop goer.
Valerie is an obviously intelligent singer-songwriter with a lovely voice, who deserves to be a major star, but there's nothing fair in this world. Valerie's music is easy-listening pop-country, but she definitely has a style of her own.What is particularly appealing about this album is the theme. Perhaps Valerie intended to write all the songs herself, but, realising that there were a number of classic songs which fitted her chosen theme, she covered these rather than release anything sub-standard. The result is an immensely satisfying album, in which the whole is greater than the sum of it's parts, and the covers blend well with Valerie's own songs.You can, if you look, find other versions of some of the famous songs that are superior, taken in isolation (nobody can compete with Joe Cocker's version of With a little help from my friends, although Valerie's version is better than most) - but the point of this album is that it all fits together so well - and Valerie always sounds as if she means what she's singing about.This is a masterpiece from a lady who only rarely releases an album, but who is definitely worth a listen.
I love all of the Kitsun&eacute; Maison compilations, this one is definitely GREAT!!!  I've added about half the songs to my &#34; * * * PLUS&#34; mix!!!
I randomly discovered this album on Pandora and HAD TO HAVE IT! It has tons of amazing remixes of many of my favorite songs. Amazon.com is the ONLY place I could find where I could purchase this French compilation. All of the others are great as well ( I think there are 10?) but this is my favorite.
I have been in love with kitsune maison for a while now. This label seems to never let me down when it comes to new music
...what I am hearing on this electronic music compilation.If you also like real chillout music you should try the following:Dolomiti Super ChillDolomiti Super Chill: Late Summer 2009If you are into Caf&eacute; del Mar, Buddha Bar etc. these ones will be the ones for you!
I love the scene that loves itself.  I love to shoegaze.  I love over the top sounds.  I want more of this stuff.
The meditation is great because it's just the right length of time to get refocused during my lunch hour so I can deal with the rest of my work day. Also, the music only version is really enjoyable to listen to just as a New Age album. I highly recommend this album.
Truly one of my favorite CD's, if not the best I've every heard. Every song is a joy to listen to and stirs me up to worship our great King.Perhaps my favorite part of ANY song is from this CD called "His Forever":Jesus, friend of sinnersI love to tell the storyRedeeming love has been my themeAnd will be when in gloryNot death nor life nor anythingCan ever separate meO love that will not let me goYes, I am His foreverSome of my other favorite songs are: Grace Unmeasured, Surrender All, O God our Help in Ages Past, and Jesus Thank You.I'm going to recommend this to all my friends, because it has simply been a great blessing to me. 5 stars!
I have to admit, the first time I listened to Worship God Live, after I downloaded it from SovereignGraceStore I was not extremely impressed. If I recall correctly, I actually told my wife that I was disappointed with the cd. The second time through, as I learned the words, I began to worship along with the congregation and worship band on the live cd. That same day I played it a third, and then a fourth, and then a fifth time through. That fifth time through, track ten, "The Perfect Lamb of God" finished what tracks 1-9 had begun: I was brought squarely to the foot of the cross:The light of day was cloaked by nightAnd heaven closed its eyesWrath unspared for countless sinsThe guiltless crucifiedHands of kindness driven throughBack on splintered beamThe holy curtain torn in twoAtonement made for meInsults mock the Son of GodThe angels are restrainedBut all the cup must be enduredFor sinners to be savedCan grace prevail in such a dayOf scandal and of scorn?But with a cry "Forgive" You claimTraitors as Your ownAs You drew Your final breathMy debt was satisfiedAnd love divine in glorious mightWould vanquish death and rise... Love unrivaled here displayedCalls my heart to praiseThe perfect Lamb of GodI found my heart in the place that I covet to be, humbled, seeing little but God's love in the face of my sin. Then track eleven, "Grace Unmeasured" hits and I am forced to stop everything I am doing and sing and cry unashamedly with all my might and out-of-tune voice, "Grace amazing, pure and deep that saw me in my misery that took my curse and owned my blame so I could bear Your righteous name...Grace! Grace paid for my sins and brought me to life..."Over the more than 50 more times that I have been ushered into the presence of God with this live album recorded over two days at Covenant Life Church, I have found similar experiences to be common places. My understanding of this album is that it is the best-of the song-writing efforts of some of Sovereign Grace's most talented songwriters, so there is absolutely no filler among the 14 songs. Each and every one of them is in the top 40 of my most-played tracks according to iTunes (among more than 6500 tracks in my library which I've been listening to for a lot longer than this album).All songs are written to declare God-glorifying truth and to elicit the proper response. The lyrics alone will lift your heart in praise. Never is truth declared for the sake of being theologically correct. At the same time, the songs avoid singing praises to God for some unnamed reason. The songwriters preach truth that then leads to praise, and more often than not, this is a cross-centered truth: Where God's love, mercy, justness, holiness, righteousness, wrath, goodness, and patience are most clearly seen.There are only a handful of albums that I can recommend with as much enthusiasm as I do this one.
These are the best Beatles imitation I have ever heard. Even the vocals sound very similar. At first, I thought they were the real Beatles. But the music quality was in stereo and it was way too good. Then to my surprise,I found they were not the real Beatles, but very similar in every way. They even toned down the music quality to fit the 60s style recording. Yet, the sound quality is much, much better than the original Beatles recording.The producers and musicians went to great lengths to remaster the Beatles songs as faithfully as they could. In fact, for most of the songs, they sound distinctively better (mainly due to higher sound quality) than the original Beatles.  The guy who sings for Paul McCartney sounds JUST LIKE HIM. Even the chorus is virtually indistinguishable from the original Beatles.I recommend these songs for Beatles fans who want better sound quality (stereo) version of the original Beatles classics.
I found the album everything I hoped it would be.Even the order the songs appeared was exelent.  I do recommend this to anyone that loves the Beatles.
Listening to this band is like listening to the original Beatles making new versions of their songs. I highly recommend it to any Beatles fan
This album has so many songs from the beginning to the end of the Beatles being together.  Nowhere Man is on it and that particular song is very hard to find on alot of the Beatles albums.  Absolutely loved it!!
I found this CD online while I was looking for music for my wedding. It has a lot of choices for different styles of classical music and pieces with different instruments. A great place to start if you need beautiful traditional music for your wedding.
Will Taylor played at my wedding reception and was phenomenal!!Please savor and seek out this great Austin artist.He is a genius who has worked with all the Austin greats. He is a legend in the making and I am honored that he played for me and my hubby!
The Bards are by far my favorite Irish / Celtic / Scottish duo!  The fun they had creating the album is apparent in all the tunes.  Their awesome bits of humor entwined with old favorites and new songs is uncanny.  While great musicians in thier own right, combined they are perfect.  Sit back, light up a clay pipe, throw back a cold ale and enjoy the merriment of this album.  AND..... AND.... Just maybe these two will set some time together and treat us with a new album some day!
These guys can make any song fun. I love them.'If I Had a Million Ducats' is one of my favorites.
I own most of this band's discs, acquired from various Texas faires. But, easily, this is my hands down favorite and stays in my car visor, for commutes and road trips out to faire. Andrew and Marc have a special gift for music, especially if you enjoy odd instruments and fun ditty's.
I love this cd! All 18 songs were on it. You need to make sure you don't get the limited edition Dragon*Con version. Love Marc and Andrew to bits! So much fun!
We love to play this album in the car. My son, age three, particularly loves the frog kissing song, number 18 on the album. I was just singing it to him while getting lunch together today. It is so nice to have music that I enjoy that I can listen to with a toddler around.
It is an awesome CD. Worth having in your collection.  They seem to have as much fun playing as I did listening.  Check out Marc Gunns new CD"Don't Go Drinking With Hobbits". It is even Better!!!
These guys are absolutely great!  They write and perform great songs, as well as traditional songs.  It is a shame they are no longer together (at least most of the time, lol)!  This cd is well worth the money - even if there was only one song on it.  I love the Bards and Marc Gunn on his own.
This CD is one of the most fun ones I have heard in a while.  Lots of songs that are fun to sing along with and that make good drinking songs.  They are also good songs to play for your friends to get a great chuckle.  One of the tracks is about whether or not Virgins taste better than non-Virgins... from a Dragon's perspective.  Its this sort of tongue in cheek humor that is a hallmark of good taste that comes from all of Marc Gunn's albums and this early collaborative work of his is a classic. If you collect Celtic music, this one should be in your library.
Absolutely Love this CD.  I have almost all of the Bards CD's.Andrew and Marc are wonderfully talented musicians.I highly recommend this CD.
The Brobdingnagian Bards are such a wonderful part of the renfair experience!Even though they don't play live anymore, I can still enjoy their wit, humor, andlovely voices and beautiful music through their albums.  Whether you like traditional or parody, this album aims to please.  It is just the right mix.  I own several of their albums.  This is one of my favorites.  I go on an adventure without leaving myhome whenever I listen to the Bards.
I loved the music. First, I like all of Ken Davis works but this was one of the best because of its tranquility.
Despite the other review on here I totally disagree, this remake is nearly perfect to the original (which isn't for sale here).  I wouldn't call this a cover, it's an attempt to copy the original as much as possible.
great cd broght back the 60s music and memories denise is one of those songs i know where i was in 1962.great sound on all tracts nice stuff for us older guys .cant think of a better way to take trip down memorie lane.thank amazon for helping me find this music. i rate this cd 5 stars.
I think most people who knew Sam from the 80's would love this CD. To me it some of his best work.
musical fruit cake is a wonderfully creative album put together by number of Graduate mathematics students.  almost every song contains mathematical or scientific references,  often in the form of puns.  song finite simple group of order two is probably the best known song by this group.it is a love song, and by some counts it contains so many as 70 or 80 mathematical references.I first discovered this group while in high school calculus,  and I have had the pleasure of rediscovering them every year or so on my computers media player. while there are many versions of the songs posted on YouTube from public performances and covers, I highly recommend purchasing a copy and showing your support for a little known group of geeks who put together something quite amazing!
Excellent cd, excellent everything. If you are into rock you will love this album. Though it is their first EP, the actual Undeniable album Kazy just recently came out with is even more amazing. I know the leader of the band (rich) he is an amazing guy who is putting everything he has behind his band. I actually work for them on a website of theirs, they are just an amazing band.
Some of Monte's best work. In my opinnion he is one of the most talented guitarists of the day and this album really highlights his talent.
This underground artist from Argentina probably won't remain "underground" for much longer.  Great lyrics, flawless production, and the re-mixes, while completely different from each other, are excellent and hold their own.KooLTURE also appears on the "Philanthropy"- the Charity album- check out the track "Fanatic boy".You can't stay still listening to his tracks--it simply can't be done!
I've been playing this over and over. It's amazingly catchy and makes you want to dance. I heard them on the Hank and Mike movie and had to check them out.
Heard you guys on Hank and Mark.  Spent the whole movie searching for Dee Guitar tabs.No luck.  I'm not good enough to figure it out by ear. You guys are awesome.
I bought this album back in 1987 when I was working at the Bowling Green KY public library. I played it until it sounded scratchy and it got lost in one of my many moves as a student. Now I'm getting it as an mp3. This was the first album that got me started in New Age and folk music. Somehow it always manages to match my mood, no matter what the mood is. It floats, soothes, uplifts and delights.I first HEARD them in 1986 at a concert for Dan Fogelberg. They opened for him, and after they came on, my friend and I didn't hear anything else. I got the album after that.
I love the &#34;Classic Years&#34;!!!  This album offer great music from a great artist.  I would definitely recommend this album to anyone who loves the &#34;Classic Years&#34; too.  ;)
I just received this CD in the mail about a week ago- and have been listening to it like a nut since then. I got their newest CD first- and completely fell in love with their tunes. Now I rotate between the two discs... Bascom Hill really is an amazing up and coming band- they will definitely go down in history....
I'm beginning to love all of Bascom Hill's music, this record is a must buy... But then again, so are all their CDs!
You will love this music- awesome band from middle America. Very easy to listen to and great soundtrack to everyday life!
I think track 8 is mislabeled. The label has it as Valse de Bombache, but it is not at all the same song as the Balfa Brothers' Valse du Bambocheur, hence not a duplicate cut. The correct title for this song done by Pitre is Valse de Orphelin, I am pretty sure.Austin Pitre's singing on this collection is great! I prefer this ragged but right sounding version of Les Flammes d'Enfer to the one on his Swallow 45, which is available on Austin Pitre: Early Essential Cajun Recordings. It's loose but in a good way! The scorcher, though, is Track 8! It's Pitre on fiddle with a wailing drummer, bass, and electric rhythm guitar. Interesting, too, are Pitre's remarks to the dancehall crowd asking them, in French, not to make any requests because they are recording for a man from Massachusetts and a man from New York, presumably Ralph Rinzler who recorded this and other field work following the 1964 appearance of Cajun musicians at the Newport Folk Festival.The Edius Naquin pieces are all historic, some going back to colonial days! La Ville de Monteau, for example, is about Napoleon Bonaparte being mocked by brave French soldiers garrisoned in Louisiana. This was before the Louisiana Purchase.The Valse de Platains sung by Rodney Balfa was recorded pre-World War II by Happy Fats, who was a popular source of yet another beloved Balfa tune, Les Veuves de la Coulee.The sound quality is quite good for mid-60s field recordings, and the songs are a lot of fun. Highly recommended, as is Volume 2 featuring Bois-Sec Ardoin, Canray Fontenot, Isom Fontenot, Aubrey Deville, and Adam and Cyprien Landreneau!Volume 2 begins with the black Creole French sounds of Bois-Sec Ardoin on accordion and Canray Fontenot on fiddle. Very bluesy sounding! We are lucky to have these recordings. They recorded in 1966 for Dick Spottswood's Melodeon label, Blues du Bayou, which was later re-released by Arhoolie Records as La Musique Creole. Here Canray sings Bon Soir Moreau (not Hack a 'Tit Moreau, which is a different tune) and a bluesy Jug au Plombeau about the life of a vagabond. Bois-Sec does Eunice Two Step and Quoi Faire, standards originally recorded by his cousin Am&eacute;d&eacute; Ardoin in the 1930s.Isom Fontenot, a marvelous harmonica player, is featured on La Betaille dans l'Arbre, accompanied by Aubrey Deville on fiddle and Preston Manuel on guitar. Some few more of Isom's tunes can be found on Arhoolie's Folksongs of the Louisiana Acadians. Then Deville and Manuel are featured on a jaunty little tune, Le Vieux Bouef et le Vieux Chariot.The rest of the songs are by Adam Landreneau on fiddle and Cyprien Landreneau on accordion, with Dewey Balfa on triangle. You catch a little bit of talk after the first song, Rosalie, explaining that it's an old, old song Adam learned from Louis Lafleur. The emotional highlight of the album, for me, is the sorrowful tune Les Pini&eacute;res, sung high and loud by Adam. This is hard hitting stuff!Adam and Cyprien Landreneau appear on Arhoolie's Cajun Fais Do Do and Swallow's Cajun Sole, but Rinzler caught them at their strongest and best on these recordings! The set ends with a couple of more lighthearted songs, Treville n'est Pas Pecheur, and Danse de Limonade, a comical song in which the singer lets us know that he got drunk last night so today he's asking for a glass of lemonade (or a dose of cure it all tonic Kary-On!)Bois Sec and Canray played in many dancehalls but the music of the other musicians was played in old house dances and veill&eacute;es and social parties. It's social music from a time when people had to entertain themselves, what Dick Spottswood calls pre-industrial, obsolete music. Well, it can hardly be obsolete if it gets across the dignity of the culture in such a compelling manner! This set of 2 albums are on my list of essentials. I would not want to be stranded on an island without them!
who doesnt love a hidden track? Big Ass Truck is the best unknown band from Memphis, had reuinion show this year that I would have flown across the country to see had I known about it.
Sylvya Nuvonska has a voice that is killer.  Here she is in Surface Underground.  She is no longer with this band.  She moved on to Scarlet Sins which released a self-title before disbanding in 2009.  Now she is involved in her solo project When Forever Dies.As with anything she does this is rich, sultry, melancholic and full.
Great CD  Love the bass work on it. It is hard to top beach music tunes or groups. It is a genre of music all it own. Love it!!
I'm bald and years ago when I heard Christine's song "Bald Headed Men" on WKSU in Kent, Ohio I really got a laugh from it. Then her song "What was I Thinking" is a title and theme that touches so many lives so many times. It is really good. This is a good "feel good" about laughting at life.
You have my word, you won't be disappointed if you purchase this CD. Kurt goes with my wife every day to and from work, and he sings at top volume in my truck as well. We love this CD!! Every song is so soothing to listen to. Kurt is such a great musical talent!!D & J Peterson.
If you have never heard the Kurt Jorgensen Band, you are really missing out on some amazing talent.  When Kurt goes to work on his guitar, my god, he's mesmurizing.The combined sounds these guys put together can't help but grab you.These guys are every bit as good as DMB has ever been.Kurt's talent is right up there and the vocalization and range of sounds this band puts together will NOT disappoint.
I know what you're thinking. Who the hell is Mustasch and why should I possibly care? Mustasch was this year's WTF band from the annual ProgPower USA festival. It seems like every year there's a band on the lineup that nobody knows and that totally blows everyone away. This is how I discovered bands like Mercenary, Freak Kitchen, and Devin Townsend, and this year it was Grammy-winning Swedish hard rock heroes Mustasch. They're not really prog, and definitely aren't power metal, but seeing them live was a phenomenal experience, and one that had me racing for the merch tables as soon as their set was complete. That's where I grabbed their 2007 album Latest Version of the Truth.Mustasch rocks. No wait, let me rephrase that. Mustasch flat out ROCKS! If the Cult's Ian Astbury got roaring drunk with Zakk Wylde and Tony Iommi, the resulting chaos would sound something like this album. Mustasch has this pure, pounding hard rock sound with plenty of Sabbath-style stoner groove, some seriously powerful vocals, and good lord is that a string section?!? Oddly enough, the orchestral elements really work here, and add emphasis to the already powerful rock sound.I suppose by now it's painfully obvious that I love love LOVE this album. You just don't run across this kind of unbridled rock often enough. If you like hard rock along the lines of Black Label Society, Brand New Sin, Black Stone Cherry, later Corrosion of Conformity and Entombed, the non-artsy Cult albums, and old school Black Sabbath, you need some Mustasch in your life. Check out the samples provided above (start with I Wanna Be Loved and Bring Me Everyone) and you'll understand why.
mustasch are another scandinavian band that just rocks.almost all of the really good hard rock and heavy metal acts are coming from that region and this band will blow you away. all there albums are great but this one and the new one, sounds like hell. feels like heaven are the standouts. rock n' roll peoples!!!
Love the alternative of gospel music & & I just meditate as I listen. This was a good purchase for me.
Big John Annas is an old friend.  He gave me an autographed copy of the LP, which a studio guitarist friend, Skip Silverman, proceeded to borrow and never return.  John and I went through some mad times together in the '60's in Syracuse.
I have to listen to this album at least once a day! Such unusually beautiful a and intricate harmonies and musicianship never cease to excite my spirit!
Excellent album! Excellent band! These guys have their own flavor of prog. A great fusion of jazz, blues & rock. Worth buying.
It's easy to run out of superlatives for this album but it is an important piece of work with The Atlantics combined with the infusion of Martin Cilia's song writing skills - not to mention his prowess on the guitar.One note:  Somehow the track listed as &#34;Reef Ride&#34; is titled incorrectly.  The song is called &#34;Reef Break&#34;
We love the style of Benny's playing and his interpretations of the Standards.  Great background music. If you like piano and Jazz you'll enjoy this album
This new Peter Thomas CD has far more to offer than just a rediscovery of his best soundtrack works for international movie productions.The music assembled here truly enchants the listener. With an unbelievable sense of harmony, sensitivity and wealth of ideas Thomas leads uns into a jazzy, melodically swinging world of music. In an exceptionally gentle and loving way the artist here unveils his inner self. Peter Thomas never presented himself with more superior ease and more intimate  - on this cd Peter Thomas' grand artistry impressively displays itself.The first impetus to this production had come from no less a person than George Clooney. His close friend Quentin Tarantino had recommended Peter Thomas album "Kriminalfilm Musik (Crime Movie Music") to the moviestar. Those soundtracks to old German Edgar Wallace-movies excited Clooney so much that he decided to use five of those tracks in the soundtrack to his first self-directed movie "Confessions Of A Dangerous Mind" (starring  a.o. Julia Roberts and Drew Barrymore). The tracks which Clooney used, originally stem from the movies "Die seltsame Gr&auml;fin", "Der Zinker" und "Das Verr&auml;tertor"  and are fine examples of the timeless quality of Peter Thomas' compositions.But not only the American market discovered Peter Thomas in 2003: In German cinemas the updated and compiled version of "Raumpatrouille Orion" was a surprise success. A rare feat for a 36 years old tv-series - and one more proof of the ideal combination of sight and sound in this early German sci-fi production. So this new cd features two rare tracks from the Orion series and other works for sci-fi movies (such as "Perry Rhodan")....and just like the good old spaceship Orion will forever travel on the wings of Peter Thomas' sounds through the depths of the galaxy, the extraordinary  tracks of this new album will take us on a journey through time and space.
No Problems and great band.  Not sure if I listened to this yet but I love the Lovehammers! Go get it!
I use this album every morning with my exercises and meditation time.  Very nice album.  I hope he writes his music and sells the notated copies one day.
This band is a Christain Rock Band.  They are awesome.  I have listened to this album through at least 5 times and it keeps on getting better.
Every song on this CD brings out soul. Rebekah is an awesome vocalist. First song hooked, and she does not disappoint through the whole CD. 5 stars +
I cannot believe this album has no reviews and has been available since 2005.  I admit I was a little late to it as well not finding it until about 2006 or 2007 after falling in love with Rebekah's debut Remember to Breathe.  After listening to this album, I knew I would be a lifelong fan of Jordan's work.  the trouble with fiction is a complete departure from her earlier effort as this album reflects her work as part of The Dreaming Ferns.  This is a softer, acoustic EP that showcases more of Jordan's beautiful voice as well as reflects her growth as a songwriter.  Songs like "Sweet Here After" and "Art of Losing" show remarkable beauty and insight while "Lovely Life" and "Happy" are wonderful celebrations of life.  However, what first drew me to this album was finding her nearly unrecognizable rendition of Fleetwood Mac's "Dreams."  This is an incredible work and deserves much more recognition.
What a beautiful voice, but there is much more here. Devon plays a fine guitar, the rhythmic accompaniment is well thought out and tight. The lyrics are sweet, poetic, friendly, and kind! The chord progressions are complex and jazzy without being over the top.This recording is difficult to match. I highly recommend it.
I always think that the best way to write a music review is to quote heavily from the lyrics. It doesn't give you a good sense of the music itself, but can any written review really do that? Hey, you're right here on Amazon -- if you want to know what the music sounds like, preview a few of the songs. So here's one of my most favorite bits from "Keep Your Silver Shined," just one of the beautiful love poems to life that appear on this beautiful album. If you like it, just know that the music is at least as good.Back home I've got a couple friendsWe drink together on the weekendsWe keep our nails trimmed and fingers tough.I've got a felt hat collection,A dresser drawer to put my pants in.What, oh, what more could a woman want?I want an overhaul for my guitar,A clawfoot tub and a shiny car.Piles of fruit and a fully stocked bar.Money for a flight out west,I want cute shoes and a vintage dress,New houses for all my relatives!I want to land in a tugging hand:A youthful band with a youthful plan.I want to wait and take my time,All my time, and keep my silver shined.
This is great "Women's Music Festival" music!  If that's what you're looking to hear, buy this album!
I love this CD. I got it for free a long time ago in a mattress expo at a State Fair. I got to meet the guy himself but didn't think much of it at the time so I said hello n moved on.This is a great cd for when you are tired or it's your bedtime but still can't will yourself asleep. It starts with an intro, but I always skip that. The second track is mainly a breathing and muscle relaxation exercise. He makes sure you keep a slow steady pace with your breathing, which helps me relax and wind down immensely. Meanwhile he has you clench or flex certain muscles, hold it, then release, one at a time to of course relax the body. I usually fall asleep before this twelve minute track is over.The third track, "Mind Relaxation" relaxes, well, your mind haha. Again, I fall asleep before this track so I am listening to it as I type. He talks you through relaxing thoughts like being on the beach, feeling the sun on your face, feeling the warm water in a bath, feeling weightless or floating, etc. and like the last track, asks you to breath slowly.The rest of the tracks are all relaxing soft music, so if you wanna skip the exercises and just relax to the music, that works well too, because they're all really well produced.This CD can seem really cheesy with the voice and music, but it works like a charm every time for me.
I've been using this non-narcatic CD to help me go to sleep for years.  The only problem I have with it is the new recording studio.  The CD gets grainier as you add nights.  But, the CD player I use it on is not the greatest hunk of player technology in the world.  Make sure you copy your disk.
I was given a copy of this by a hotel that I stayed at often and I loved it!  When I lost the CD I came here and bought the download.  I have NEVER had a CD like this.  I NEVER get to hear the last part because I have always fallen asleep before hand!  Now THAT'S  awesome!  Good sleep, no drugs..  And I wake up more refreshed that when I don't listen to it.  WELL worth the money.  It WORK!
Originally received this on a hotel stay. Had become a staple before I gave it to a friend working a night shift. Glad to have found it on Amazon, as I've struggled with falling asleep since childhood.
From melatonin to other drugs and multiple cd's. This one seems to have worked nightly for the past 5 years. Sounds ridiculous I know. Though it still works for me as nothing else can anymore. By the end of track 3. I'm out.
I received this CD at a Crowne Plaza CD years ago and was so upset when it finally wore out - My daughter also loves this CD - We often skip the relaxtion exercises and go straight to the soothing music - this is great for kids, babies as well!
I got a copy of this CD while staying at a hotel several years ago.  It was amazing how easy it was to fall asleep to every night.  Over the years, and several cross country moves, it has been misplaced.  I haven't missed it until recently.  I have been struggling with some insomnia and none of my usual tricks have been helpful.  I thought how nice it would be to have my relaxation CD back.  So I googled and came across a few tracks on you tube.  I was excited when in the comments someone said I could download the entire CD on amazon.  Best $8 I have ever spent, though if I had been thinking I would have only downloaded tracks 2-8 and saved $1 since track one isn't necessary at all.
I was given a free sample of this CD from Crowne Plaza and I must say that it really helps me to relax and fall asleep. There are two tracks that deal with mind and body relaxation exercises, which can be useful if you have the time and will to do them. However, I will often just play track 4 and close my eyes when I need to sleep and I can honestly say that I still have no idea what tracks 7 and 8 sound like.Having insomnia can be an awful thing, and while this certainly isn't a cure-all, the CD is a very effective sleep aid.
I bought the album for its title song, because my wife is taking hula lessons and her class is performing in a talent show and this is one of the songs they will be dancing to.  So she can practice to the music outside of class.  The rest of the songs on the album are even better than the title song.  Most of the best known hapa-haole songs are included on this CD.  The arrangements are first-rate.  I had forgotten what a great voice Andy Williams had in his prime.
The 50s and early 60s offered a great many singles and LPs that conveyed music from around the world in a pop or easy listening style. Sinatra never did a crossover album but almost everyone else did. Nat Cole, Mel Torme, and Rosemary Clooney, and Peggy Lee had latin albums. Dean Martin had an LP of Italian songs. Bing Crosby had songs or entire albums of French, Latin, Irish, and of course Hawaiian music. Hawaiian music crossed over especially well for great ballad singers like Bing and Andy Williams because the melodies are so lovely.  I'm not always a huge fan of Andy Williams but he really had a great voice. Notice how he navigates the high notes on the Hawaiian Wedding Song. The song selection is just right - all classic ballads. He doesn't try to vary the mood by throwing in any swingers or mid-tempo numbers.  Its ballads straight though. It works because the song selection is so strong. The arrangements are just right too: understated backing rhythm guitar, with judicious use of strings, chorus, and steel guitars. No worries about over-arranged glop here. Bing Crosby's excellent Return to Paradise Islands with Nelson Riddle offers more variety by mixing ballads and mid-tempo numbers, but this low-key offering from Andy Williams is a worthy companion from the same era and genre. This one really grows on you. If you don't think you like Andy Williams, give this one a chance and you might change your mind.
This album has a feel to it, that speaks to me. Claudine just has that special somethingthat no other singer has, that is her's alone. Sensual, loving, caring, you can feel it. Myfavorite album of hers.
Delightful in everyway.  The Big Band sound is alive and well.  I listened all the way from New Orleans to Los Angeles.
I first heard of Mike Schmid on Pandora. I fell in love with the song "Born Yesterday". This album is just haunting and lovely the entire way through. I would give it 6 stars if I could. It is a tragedy that this mans music is not being played on the airwaves when tepid crap pop fills them.I guess this is why I quit listening to FM. Thank God for Pandora and Mike Schmid.
Mike Schmid songs are like wrapping yourself in a warm blanket on a rainy day. They make you feel that good. Mike's songwriting is flawless and why this talented young man's music isn't on the radio, in films and TV shows is beyond me. You will feel lucky to have heard it. I know that I am!
I created a Pandora station to get a sampling of songs by Tonic Sol-Fa before purchasing this album. I liked so many of the songs I decided to buy the whole album. The music is upbeat and there is a wide variety of styles on this album. Love it!
This type of fusion is not for everyone, I suppose, but if you are into music that is very well written and even better played, then this is for you. I was a guitarist for 15 years is a hard working regional band and I know good stuff when I hear it. There are intricate time signatures, tasty melodic compositions and plenty of over driven crunch in this more than satisfying offering from three excellent musicians.
Jeff kollman is one of the hottest guitarists around. Shane Gaalaas is beyond amazing in drum skills and Barry Sparks can whittle a bass neck in his sleep. As a guitarist myself I have enjoyed Jeff's work for several years. From his early beginning with the heavy metal band Edwindare to all his solo projects; his project with Mogg and Way of UFO entitled Chocolate Box. This guy is beyond underrated and his guitar skills are phenomenal.Live at the Baked Potato is just what it is. Live, raw, and smoking hott. This potato is literally to hot to handle.
For any fan of Robert Lamm, this album will help to fill in the apparent gap in his life in the 90s.  The music of his band Chicago was basically nonexistent save for a big band album and christmas album and about thirty greatest hits albums.  The creative forces in Chicago spent a lot of the 90s on their own making some interesting music - Champlin, Scheff, and of course Robert Lamm.  Had things worked out, some of this music could have continued the legacy of that group... perhaps it has in another parallel universe.  If you are a great fan, or even a casual one, there's good stuff on here that warrants a listen...  a solo version of the lost Chi song "Sleeping in the Middle of the Bed Again" would be the highlight.James Alexander
I was looking for new music and found a reference to Gazpacho.  I came to Amazon and saw that this album was only $5.  Based on the price I felt like there was not much to lose.  It's the best $5 I've ever spent on music. Five star reviews are thrown around fairly lightly, but here is an album that absolutely truly deserves five stars.  This is a true masterpiece of music.  As is often true with music of this type, it takes quite a few listens to really catch on to the rhythms, the lyrics, and the nuances.  For those who are patient, this music pays off in a big way.  This is one of the best recordings I have ever heard in my 40 years of listening.The musical styles found throughout the record are amazing - progressive, middle eastern, classical, celtic, gospel.  These are all brought together to create music that is stunningly beautiful.  Put on the headphones or turn on the stereo, lay back, and listen to each note and each word.  It will grab you and not let go.  If you love music, of any type, get this record, be patient and you will be rewarded.  (And then buy Tick Tock for another experience. Amissa Atropos is also an amazing record although it is missing the different musical styles and intricate rhythms of Night and Tick Tock.)  All the best music seems to come out of Europe these days and this band from Norway has just about topped them all.
The little-known Gazpacho, from Norway, produced the finest album of 2007 with "Night".The recurring rhythm, which ebbs and flows through the entire album, has the effect of masking the complexities going on here.  With each listen I find more and more to like - the true hallmark of any great music.After more than a year with this, the album is like an old friend.  I can always rely on it to give me a little thrill, with a hint of melancholy.Do yourself a favor and listen loud with the lights off, on a good clear night.
These little known Norwegians have created a complete madman with this disk aptly titled 'Night'. Its shocking how little known they are. Night is a concept album beautifully broken down into sonically textured layers that flows evenly into an abyss of light melancholy. The musical arrangements are magical. Every note played has carefully earned it's place in this masterpiece. This is one of my favorite albums in terms of production along with Albums like Tool's Lateralus and Pain of Salvation's Remedy Lane. This is an audiophile's dream come true. The amount of attention to detail paid here is crazy.. A must have for anyone who pays serious attention to his music.
Gazpacho I'm finding are a band which revel in playing the subtle complexities - you wont find a Dream Theater type technical showcase here. Instead, you get moods and built up melodies against a backdrop of nicely placed intricacies of rhythm and tone. The vocals are probably the quirkiest thing about the material - plaintive and almost delicate, graceing the music that pillows it so well but neither overpower each other - rather they complement and support throughout. Its great music for long car trips, listening parties, goth lovemaking sessions, etc...Its a great addition to anyone's collection regardless of the genre you are a fan of. I would rank it up there with David Sylvian's "Gone to Earth" in terms of desert island list.
Forest Sun has an amazing talent. If you like singer song writer genre, you will enjoy this. I always picture myself sitting in a nice cozy bar in Nashville listening to them live sipping on nice cold beverage. The lyrics the music are beautifully done. Especially in this song For the Story.
After the various O brother and O sister compilations, it was perhaps inevitable that an album with O Christmas in the title would follow - but it's well up to the standard I hoped for, as well as including some wonderful surprise new singers.First, the expected - Rhonda Vincent opens the set with a magnificent rendition of Christmas time's a-coming, which seems to appear on every bluegrass Christmas collection (including the one by Patty Loveless), but rarely appears anywhere else. Some day, a rock band will discover this song, record it and take it to the wider audience that it deserves.Other excellent performances from established names in bluegrass include The friendly beasts (The Johnson mountain boys), Go tell it on the mountain (Cox family), Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer (Lynn Morris), O Christmas tree (Rhonda Vincent) and a medley by Doyle Lawson and Quicksilver.I was also pleased to see Jeannie Kendall's name here - this was not a surprise as she also appeared on O sister 2. Jeannie uses her unique voice to sing Smoky mountain Christmas.Perhaps the biggest surprise is the quality of the recordings by some of the new names that Rounder have chosen to introduce.You've heard Winter wonderland and Here comes Santa Claus many times, but the Shankman twins (two sisters that are new to me) sing them with such entusiasm that really captures the fun of Christmas. Unquestionably, these are among the finest recordings of these songs I've heard, maybe the best of all.Another interesting new act is Open road, who also do two songs - Christmas is near and Blue Christmas (this is given a completely different, uptempo arrangement - I'm not sure if it really suits the song, but it makes a nice change and is very well done).This is an outstanding album of all-new recordings by singers and pickers who clearly enjoyed themselves. The general feel is very upbeat, making it suitable for playing at any time over the Christmas period. It deserves to win many new fans for bluegrass music.
Just push play, sit down and let you feet start clicking or get up and dance. This is a great bluegrass Christmas album!
I saw this CD listed for $150.  A bargain.  You should buy 2.  Better than whatever you are listening to these days, guaranteed.
great album from two song writers that are often overlooked. songs that most people know but did not know who wrote it.
Why am I the first to review this, 20 years after release? Reality is so weird.Cashman & West were three songwriters (with Gene Pistelli) who came together in the mid-60's writing songs that wouldn't be in style for another half decade. Their only Cashman Pistelli & West release seems to be "Bound to Happen" (1967) which included their own "Sunday Will Never Be The Same", later a hit for Spanky and Our Gang.  CP&W; contributed the only two pop songs on the Soundtrack album "For the Love of Ivy" (1968), then changed their name to The Buchanans and had a hit with "Medicine Man." Pistelli left to form "Manhattan Transfer" in or around '70 and Cashman & West moved forward to produce all of Jim Croce and then themselves.This album includes those early single hits, jumps into the full ten minutes version of "American City Suite" and speeds along for the rest of the seventy minutes with great flowing acoustic pop songs. Their music is optimistic.
Where are the big annoying ,hard rock,hair bands? Thankfully, they're nowhere on this collection. It's genuine pop, those guilty pleasure songs, you want to own, but find it hard to admit to your friends! It's okay to listen, sing, and boogie down, if only in your bedroom late at night, in the dark!
This cd was the hit at our limbo birthday party. I'd looked multiple places and was unable to locate a cd with different versions of the limbo song. This has 3 plus lots of great party songs.
wanted upbeat soccer music for grandaughters soccer video to go with all the action. works great and they love it.
back when I was in college in the early 70s there were several electronic pop records released and Popcorn was one of the best.  Buy this song and sit back and enjoy a trip down memory lane, you can almost smell the popcorn.
My introduction to electronic pop, and it was a huge hit in its day introducing much of the world to a new sound, fun to hear 4 decades later.It still brings a smile to my face.
Its so much Gummy you'll scream.  Its the famous "gummy gummy" bear song with techno loops and dance'n beats in 8 different languages, plus Karaoke!!
I just discover this group today.... and man......the sound  is awesome words can't explain what my ears are hearing. I am so thrill to have found this music it truly sooth my soul.
Electro-jazz at it's best! This is the best selection of electronic music and jazz mashed up that I have heard in a while.
i recently discovered Petteri Sariola from YouTube surfing & have been totally impressed by his live videos !!!without a doubt, he follows in the Michael Hedges style of playing & has evolved his own "Slam" style of originalright hand guitar techniques into a tremendous one man show... Sariola possesses a great groove to his guitar playingas well as possessing a very pleasant singing voice & a pleasing stage presence- he even writes 'n' sings good lyrics in English !having listened to his first 2 CDs, i definitely prefer "Silence" as my favorite of the 2 as it has a softer,more emotionally accessible vibe to it's production & presentation...he is my new favorite acoustic guitar player & this CD is my current favorite =Check out the YouTube videos & listen to the Amazon samples & decide for yourself.
Took me back to my younger years when I was more full of vinegar - or beans - my last training with an active unit of the Army.
Michael Buble is so awesome! We saw him 3 times in concert, the best in Radio City in NY.  Our son who is 9 yrs old and our daughter is 6 yrs old love him as much as we do!  He is the absolute best in the standard songs and his songs.  He is a very inspiring artist because of his many talents: sings, plays instruments and comedy.  All his concerts are the best and we love his music and have purchased double in cds so we have them at home and in the car!
Ohhhhhhhhhh....Michael so beautiful! Listen on my tablet while reading on the beach...Perfect. Love it and it has 13 songs. A great buy.
I am a Michael Buble fanatic. I have his other CD's and am always listening to his music. Call Me Irresponsible doesn't disappoint.
Only one problem-I thought I had ordered a DVD!  The voice and music are lovely.
Great collection of songs. Found the album by accident while on vacation and can't stop listening to it. Well done.
He is a timeless, full of character and whit, and a voice smooth as silk. I wish I could own everything he sings
I've been into crooners lately, and Mr. Buble is one of the best around right now.  Heck, he's pretty good and holds his own with the all time greats, as well.This album is simply great to listen to.  The songs are put together well, and there's no doubting the talent behind the singing.Overall, the album is a winner.
You can't get any better than Buble.  His new songs shine and his remake of old standards offer his own unique take on yesterday's hits.
Buble is smooth, has a great style and sound. For anyone who likes the crooners or big band Buble is a great addition.
What can' this man sing? I love the smoothness of his voice and the way he delivers a song. Wonderful.
I like good music and this is good music,I recommend young people buy this kind of music go for the soul ((0.0))
He is simply fantastic, love his voice, the style of his music.  Loved that I was able to find him and his other albums
Christmas specials got me listening and now I'm hooked.Excellent album, glad I purchased it.Five more words required here?
Aretha Franklin (born Aretha Louise Franklin, March 25, 1942) "is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and pianist. In a recording career that has spanned over half a century, Franklin's repertoire has included gospel, jazz, blues, R&B;, pop, rock and funk. Franklin is known as one of the most important popularizers of the soul music genre and is referred to as the Queen of Soul, a title she was given early in her career."And wow, these are fine examples of Aretha's music! Aretha sounds great on these cuts; there's not a bad song in the lot here. "Chain of Fools" has Aretha swinging and swaying as she sings this R&B; song to perfection--and she handles complex tempo and key changes like the pro that she is! "Chain of Fools" hit high on the pop chart, too. The music makes this an electric, timeless number and although there's a backup chorus Aretha never really needed backup--her talent carries her through every time. "Think," a soul tune that also hit the pop chart, is simply amazing; Aretha hands this with panache and she belts out those lyrics and uses her voice to practically shout out a few notes which makes "Think" a tour-de-force. "Respect," Aretha's signature song, is one of my very favorite Aretha tunes; Aretha never sounded better and she delivers this as effortlessly as if it were mere breathing! "See Saw" from 1968 is very well done and the track set ends with Aretha Franklin performing a cover of Ahmet Erteg&uuml;n and Betty Nelson's "Don't Play That Song (You Lied)." What a way to end the track set!Aretha Franklin has shared so much of her gift with us and we are all better off for it. Aretha's fans will have most if not all of these songs already, so I think this music is best geared toward casual fans and newcomers just discovering the exceptional artistry of the great Aretha Franklin.
I would buy this for all my family K.D. Lang is one fine singer when she sing's Hallelujah you stop what ever you are doing and listen with your heart!!! Every one should buy this!
Smooth as silk vocals that ooze into your consciousness like honey. She has a talent for creating one size fits all music; in the background or at full volume it is hard to ignore, drawing you into a warm and comfortable place.
EXCELLENT!!!!! I use it as a ringtone and it puts me in a good mood every time it goes off.
I am very impressed with the quality of these recordings. The vocal range and discipline needed to sing these in a live environment is substantial. Especially for "over our heads" and "in time"If you like Zero 7 at all you will enjoy these without a doubt and you should get them.If you are exploring new artists with your pepsi points I would suggest "In the waiting line"After you fall in love with it go get the fantastic "Simple Things" CD with the original versionEasily one of the best down-tempo style bands around!!!
If you are a Zero 7 fan, than this is a must have.  Good quality live performance of four songs.  I love their music whether live or not.