Horrible, the dre instrumentals sound like something I could make on my crappy casio keyboard that I couldn't pond for $40.
I'd give the album 4 stars.  But I've given this version 1 star because it is missing the entire 2nd half of the album.  Go look at the CD version on Amazon, or the iTunes version.Amazon, where's the rest?
"The Forewarning" is the best track on this cd by a mile. Again, Coaxial does a great job of putting together a really edgy, yet down-tempo track. However, just like the first album, the other tracks' musical value is completely shattered by implausibly poor rapping. The rapping on their albums might not be so un-listenable if it weren't for the particularly grating voice of the lead vocalist/rapper; his voice just does not blend with the music at all.I'd say give "The Forewarning" a serious listen, just like "Illusion" on their other album. But as for the rest...I can hardly listen through an entire song. The style and voice of the lyricist completely ruins it for me.
IF you are like me and bought the first Speak no evil and loved it, then I wouldn't advise getting this. I just listened to the samples and they sound horrible, Rap rocking and electronics thrown in, what happened to the band that sounded like Alice in Chains or Soundgarden I don't know but this ain't them do yourself a favor skip this and get "No Pleasantries" By "UPO"
For selling censored mp3s without labelling them as so.I want more than refund.
100% agree with other reviewer, these mp3s are censored and should be labeled as such
This album sounds like it was made in his garage and he talks too much.  Bass is okay, but way too little of it.
How does crap like this even make it onto amazon in the first place?! This isn't a tribute to the late and great, it's an insult. Well not exactly, but still I can't believe it's even posted as a tribute the 2pac
If you remember the song "Funky Poodle" which was an LA hit in the 80's, the only way you gan buy it, is to get this hodgepodge compilation.  There are a couple other fun tracks...Funky Comidina and Bust a Move, but the other tracks are really bad.  It appears the music supervisor for this film searched through Itunes garage bands, or maybe recorded these "gems" himself, just to make some quick cash.  Do what I did.  Buy the album and be ready to hit "delete"!
This should have been labeled as being a clean version!! This is misleading... I wanted the original - not what this is at all.
First off, this album is great.  The only reason I scored it so low was because despite the fact that it states that it will play on itunes it will not.
If I could I would  give it a 0 he can't rap and he always says the same stuff he just wants money don't wast ur money or time
I find this music offensive. Why people would get it I just don't understand. There is so much good music that has been produced throughout the years, that this is horrendous. Thank you for removing it from my order. (which had been a mistake)
I bookmarked this in anticipation of picking up several tracks. I've now listened to the previews multiple times (over multiple days) and haven't pulled the trigger (or One Click) yet.A few seconds of "King" and I went to town. "TI vs TIP" and this album just don't live up to that standard.
May_03_2013Songs has a lot of distortion, the record company did not put a lot of effort on sound quality.Poor sound, a lot of distortion, I am disappointed.First Album is better, but is not available on Amazon.Explicit lyrics, I hate That. The new Mc Cejas Album is worse on explicit lyrics.
I just downloaded "Just Like Romeo & Juliet by the Reflections.  It's only 89 cents, but it's not the original hit version as released on 45 in 1964.  If you want the original version, do not buy it.
I agree with the previous review. Of the three free tracks, only track 10 is working.
The free songs from this album are nothing but static.  I have notified Amazon about this problem and they have done nothing to fix it.
After giving a quick listen to a few of the previews clips I thought that this album might have some potential. Unfortunately, what I got was a huge ear full of overwhelming disappointment. Wow, what a total waste of money!Like many DJs, "DJ Godfather" has quite the ego. Unfortunately for him, he simply doesn't have the musical or mixing chops to back up his inflated ego. As another reviewer mentioned, all throughout the album are sound clips like you hear on the radio announcing that "you are listening to DJ Godfather". Really? To say that these egotistical sound clips are annoying is an understatement of epic proportions.Mix-wise the whole thing is a mess. He'll start off with a funky beat, get a decent build going, and then instantly change up to some lame-ass tune just before it starts to get good. If you're going to mix rock and rap together, then do it well! Too bad DJ Godfather can't pull this off, as there is absolutely no musical consistency to his mixes. He combines different genres of rock and rap that totally don't belong together at all. Just one of the many examples is when he goes from some God-awful Foreigner tune, to a rap tune, to a Eurythmics tune, to a 38 special tune, etc, etc. The fact that he uses totally played-out top 40 pop hits disguised as "rock" only makes his mixes that much more unbearable. All the while he uses the same old cliche air horn blasts and stale, old drum beats that hack DJs have been subjecting us to for the past 20 years.His transitions (if you can call them that) from one tune to the next are just painful to listen to. Some "transitions" are a dead stop (with no payoff), some are just clumsy and awkward attempts to bring together two tunes that should never, EVER be mixed. My favorite "transition" is when he'll have two songs going at the same time, both in different keys and in totally different beats, and then let them play together for way too long. Like I said, just painful! And good luck to anyone expecting a crowd to dance to this noise. I made the mistake of leaving a few of these tunes in my playlist at a party once, and wasn't surprised to see the dance floor empty right after the tune started playing. I quickly skipped to the next tune in the playlist, and then deleted the entire album the next day.If DJ Godfather really considers himself to be a rock star, then rock is truly (and thankfully) dead.
I remember many of these songs from back in the day.  Unfortunately, the recordings are re-recorded with new music tracks or live versions of the tracks that do not sound any good along with a few obscure tracks from known artists thrown in as filler.  The recordings strangely remind me of Radio Disney's Kid Jams but with adults and old school hip hop music.  If you are considering a purchase, be sure to preview before you buy this.  You would be better off spending 99 cents on an original version of one of your favorite tracks on this compilation than if you purchased the entire 50 Hip Hop Classics collection for 99 cents.
It's hard to think that this album and Vessel are made by the same group.  This one is just a mediocre rapper singing mediocre lyrics that sound like lots of other mediocre rappers.  They clearly grew up and matured in the time between this album and Vessel, but Vessel is an ingeniously crafed piece of work that sounds completely original and is such a pleasure to the ears.  Forget this album, just buy Vessel and enjoy it.  Oh, and their live shows kick a**.
I don't think its funny. I think its offensive. I really don't think they are very good at rapping. I've heard a lot better.
This song cuts off at the end. There is more too it. Would like the full version hope amazon can help
1) Don't buy this2) Go listen to all your old Gang Starr records
Then tattoo a swastika on your forehead and change your name to Mabel.Seriously, though: Don't support this release. It's poor from an artistic perspective, and its origins are less-than-scrupulous.
Do not support any thing released from 7 Grand aka Solar. It was his plan long ago to capitalize off of Guru once he passed. This man is vile. He took advantage of Guru and actually got this far. I am sure there is still so much that has not come to light yet. Whatever you do, DO NOT support any of this s***. I dont even think we can trust to buy any of the Jazzmatazz releases because the profits go to Solar! Please do what you can to let this be known.
This cd will never sell out. Nobody will nor should they buy any garbage being peddled by Solar who's just trying to make a quick buck off of Guru's death.Solar needs to exile himself into the Siberian plains and never be heard from again.
Never ever support this and shame on you Amazon for having this for sale on your site !!!!
I truly can't believe 7 Grand Records GURU's record label that he owned with Solar would put this out close to 24 hours after his death... This is the most atrocious act of using someones death to gain profit that I've ever seen. Solar and whats left of 7 Grand Records is an abomination to Guru's name, family and legacy. I'm assuming none of the profits from this release will be given to the Elam family nor will it be donated to a reputable charity unlike Solars wifes fraud charity she has going. Solar is a liar, cheat, thief, bully and world class dirtbag. Don't support this release.
Don't buy this album if you are a real hiphop or Guru fan, don't buy this.
Look, Listen, and Learn.  Whenever these fake ass rappers try to sell albums.. DON'T BUY'EM!  What a complete fail for everyone involved including me.  Country Crap Rap is more like it, i've heard better country songs and I can't stand country.  So whoever decided to create this waste of plastic can easily use this as target practice.  It's not gangsta and it has no business being on the market, besides to take a dump on.
Let's be perfectly honest about this. It's a RAP CD, not bluegrass at all. If you like bluegrass music but not rap music avoid this at all costs. The background music is great but the rap is....just that - Rap. Don't expect anything more than another profanity laden rap CD.
What a joke and an insult to bluegrass music.  Bill Monroe is tunring in his grave.  If you don't know who Bill Monroe is then you don't know what bluegrass music is.  You can't mix(C)rap (it's not even music) with traditionally great bluegrass music.  Artists actually play instruments in bluegrass music!!  The musicians are actually talented (see Bele Fleck, Sam Bush, Brian Sutton, Del McCroury Band, Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder, Alison Krauss & Union Station..and the list goes on...)  I couldn't find anything that was even close to the bluegrass sound.  There is no place for profanity in bluegrass music.  It is PURE MUSIC!!!  Stick to your crap rap and leave bluegrass music alone!!!!
Do not buy this! Its speed is like slowed down and it totally dubbed wrong!!!
Yeah, I give this ninja  -5 stars. I wouldn't listen this blasphamy if was spun by "DJ" Dougie Fresh. How could somebody come out with the same name as an artist that's still actively alive and performing? This cat has got to be the most unoriginal swag swiper ever. Wick, wick, wick WACK! Will the real Slick Rick please s*** on this ninja?
Do not buy three seconds it is a waste of. 90 centsWarningI like the song but it don't give you the real song jk the song accualy really sucks tehe ha do not buy
Boy, this is just awful. Some chick with loose ties to Sarajevo (genocide anyone?) pairs up with some dopey would-be "producers" and out comes this vomit. Not one hook or memorable section but I'm sure these jokers would claim they meant it to sound like that. Please leave ProTools to the professionals guys!
This was ordered for my nephew and I sent it to him. It doesn't appeal to so I ask him and he said he enjoyed it.
This album is pure doo doo. This guy has no flow can't rap and is plain stupid. He's like an autistic kid heck an autistic kid is way better. Dangerous B more like Dangerous bad. Save your money and buy something. Anything is better than this.
I didn't realize this was a cover when I bought it, that's my bad.  But unless you have kids or don't enjoy some of the offensive language, this song isn't for you.
These people are no good... the lyrics are lame... the only good thing about this song is the beat...... not worth your money!! at ALL!!!!
Subliminal became a mix of pop and "mizrahi". Seems like without Ha'Tzel it doesn't worth much.Going after the money? Making it a commercial project? Where's the educational part they were talking about, if they flow with the current, all of a sudden?!?
This song is not the original song, it has a DJ yelling in the background!!! Buy the original version track 1 from the Don't mess wit Texas album.  $1 gone done the electronic cyber drain with this crap version.
I bought "she makes me wanna die". It sounds like the remix from Replacement Killers from the 30 second sample however it also has a very poor rap interlaced with the track. Rap is fine but this is just bad.
Song sucked. Waste of money. Amazon shouldn't list this artist on their site. The original version is far superior. Disappointed.
I was looking trying to purchase the original version and bought this horrible whistling version. It is not vocal at all.
Bought  and took it off my playlist the same day. Trust me, you don't want to hear different people singing a sing you know and love.
Be careful!  There are bunch of these albums that are NOT the original artists!  I bought one earlier on my phone using Amazon MP3 (without previewing) and was badly disappointed.
I have bought a lot of songs from amazon and never had a problem but the recording quality of this song is horrible. I am sure its not the problem from amazon but the production quality itself might have been the issue.
So where do I begin?  His inability to keep with the beat, having ZERO flow, what would usually be a musical backdrop filled with decent hooks being filled with what sounds like an epileptic cat walking across a piano, is all pieced together like a poorly wrapped regift at Christmas, and I have only one word for it...Masterpiece."Surely you jest?" you may ask.  But I feel Mr. Groff is a genius with a "j". From the mindless rambling of "Night Terrors", to all the goings on and whatnot of "Black Death".  He is a modern day Captain Beefheart, and this my friends, is his "Trout Mask Replica".The naysayers will be proven wrong by history (or should I say in this case, HISstory?), and this will be the evidence they need to see that there really is "The Other Side"
I love Nick and the GAC. Saying that I was stunned to hear Nick trying to rap, especially on "Spiritual". This cd is so beneath his talents and it sounds like it was recorded in the 80s on a reel to reel with noise added in. Don't waste the money.
The worst purchase I  have ever made from Amazon! Thought this was an original recording, turns out to be a live concert, HORRIBLE!
I just found J. Hexx through the Horrorcore2 website.  Horrorcore is kind of like death metal lyrcs put to a hipp hop beat.  Hate it!!!!!
This is listed as old school hip hop when did this trash even become hip hop no good rhymes auto-tune and recycled recycled beats
E-40 was one of the hottest rappers in the 90s. However his low budget take on quantity instead of quality is very upsetting.I downloaded about 3 songs out of 30 because they were the only songs worth my purchase. Furthermore, this album is 30 dollars, and over 98 percent of the songs are horrible. He did this last year with graveyard shift. But the quick cash grab has got to stop. E-40 if you are reading this, please stop with the low budget Roland beat machine beats. Invest into the album and get a producer that is going to tell that not every song and rhyme you spit is not hot.PS Where is D-Shot?
except for two three songs on 60, 60 songs for nothing , e-40  is well and truly buried, same d-shot is not in this LP
My name is Nicki Collins. I'm a mother of two, I work as much as I can, this year I will be enrolling in Nursing School. I received a message from a person by the name of EMZ MEHTA on facebook. He informed me he was friends with RickyG. He tried telling me that my children's father was molesting our son. I was already aware of the cyber stalking RickyG UFOABDUCTEE had been doing to my ex a couple years prior to us splitting. After I informed EMZ MEHTA to please leave me alone, he began to make comments on my looks, and asked if I had a boyfriend. I asked him kindly to not have any further contact with me. He continued to use rude and vulgar language with me. I had to block the weirdo.Since then RickyG UFOABDUCTEE and his friends off the internet such as Brennan Lundgren have taken pictures from my facebook and posted them online. Then using my name and picture they create various profiles on youtube such as this one here ---->[...]Please, if anyone has this mans real name contact the Springfield Police Department at 541-726-3714 I'd greatly appreciate it.No this is not a prank I'm an actual real person with real feelings.
It's my fault for not paying attention...thought I was getting the movie. This is just alot of yelling and cursing. May be ok if that's what you like. As I said, my fault for not paying closer attention to what I was ordering......although it DID turn up in a search for a MOVIE.
Waste of money the song is only a minute and a couple of second long.  Its basically a ring tone and when I previewed it it should have more details.
Its freakn horrible its not even the whole song i could of just listened to the preview over and over if i wanted to hear that. Im going to ask for a refund!
This is sick and misleading, as are most of Amazon's results for Planned Parenthood. News: this is an image of what an illegal abortion looks like, and you are responsible for it if you take legal access away.
Really poor recording and the singer hasn't got a good grasp of technique. I have sound effects more exiting. I do like Amazon's downloading opportunities though and the service was quick and easy just very poor recording which isn't Amazon's fault.
Not what I wanted. will not listen to it. I will try to find what I am looking for....will return.
It's not that i really hate it, but it's not what i wanted to order. I wil send it back and try to get the right one.
I really only downloaded this song to do one of those stupid videos but I was interested to hear what the rest of the song sounded like. It's probably the worst put together song I've ever heard in my life. It sounds like some 8 year old was playing on daddy's and found a program called pro tools. Let's see.....there's NO lyric content, the only part you could dance to lasts for 10 seconds and as a whole the entire song is off time. In short, this song sounds like a fragmented sentence.
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no  I HATE THIS SONG NO NO NOOOOO NOO NOO NNNOOO NOOO NOOO
Gucci was trying to imitate Drake. Almost every Song was about girls. I expected so much more from this artist
This particular copy of the song appears to have a lower quality than every other song I've bought from Amazon MP3. I would suggest buying directly from the YG album
Like the music you listen to on hold at the bank, this was something quite disappointing. Lyrics are basic and childish with little credit. Odd.
Its more of a mix tape with most songs only having one or two verses. Big BG fan. Wish all the songs were complete
Garbage! This what hip hop has become. This guy is trying to sound like every popular mc out there right now and did a horrible job at doing so. Just listening to the snippets made me want to fast forward if this was a cassette deck. No skills, no originality, no word play. I wouldn't even call this guy an mc. Go back to the lab and do your homework. I wouldn't suggest purchasing this album or any singles. Walmart wouldn't sell this crap!
Jus stop! The art form that is rap has been decimated by dudes trying to make a quick dollar rapping about women and money because that's all these simple types know. Go home put in "All eyes on me" by Tupac  n take lessons.