Take this review with a grain of salt, as outside from E-Roc and Lil' Raskull I am not generally a fan of any that Grapetree has to offer. That being said, I think this album is one of their worst productions. Perhaps it's his rapping style, perhaps it's his slower beats, but I would strongly recommend that you preview this album before picking it up.
BusDriver is my favorite west coast artist period. If you wanna check his stuff out don't bother checking this. Its extremely experimenal, that I understand, I like experiments, but its just not enjoyable. Busdriver should've kept this LP to himself.
This album is pretty boring. Nothing really innovative about the beats.Not that 1. I either expect T.I. to be dramatically different or innovative, or 2. to be truly entertaining butit gets old when you like 1 or 2 of someones songs and the rest just bore you to death.The beats are standard pop-rap style as are the lyrics.T.I.'s flow is pretty decent, but his lyrics just say nothing. Not as bad as lil wayne, but still just lackluster.I am sure a lot of you will disagree with me, and thats understandable because i usually prefer aartistic form of hip-hop. But even when i want to shake it a little, this album still disappoints for me.
Waste of money not 320. It sounds muffled in a system, buyers beware.I do not recommend. Should have to advertise bit rate.
I must say that I like Z-Ro and I had this particular album screwed and chopped. This is a good CD by Z-Ro but it sounds a lot better to me screwed and chopped up. For those people from Texas and Houston, TX, y'all know what I'm talking about. I gave this product only 2 stars because I thought the album was chopped and screwed and it wasn't. if it was chopped and screwed i would have gave it a 5 out of 5
These are live tracks...not the original studio recordings or radio edits.  Feel very misled.  Didn't listen to the previews (my fault -- that's why I gave it two stars instead of one but NOTHING indicated this was s live album.  Knew it was to good to be true.  Would be AMAZING if these were the original recordings.  Oh well...
This compilation has a lot of memorable songs on it, but not how you remember them. Most are remastered/re-recorded and sound cheap, cheesy, and not like the original--and having the songs the way you remember is kind of the point of a compilation like this. I only previewed and did not buy it; I need to weigh the low price and convenience of having all these songs against the low quality of the reproduced music.
track 5 alone which i listened to on itunes as it was rated as the strongest track,and graphic content on track 2 and 3 that should put it out of the realm of christian music...amazon please check before you categorize :) hip-hop/rap Yes, christian based on explicit lyrics No, my poor score is not based on musicianship but wrong genre listing
I will start this by saying I am a fan of Too $hort's past albums. In fact I wake up to Gettin In every morning with my alarm clock. There are some decent songs on this album but I wish I would have previewed it more before I bought it. I would stick with some of his old albums if you want some good songs.On a side note I usually buy my music from iTunes and tried out 2 cds from Amazon's MP3 downloading and it was pretty easy. Everything imported nicely into iTunes and I am very happy with that.
Good songs, s***ty production. Songs are poor quality.  Sounds like it was mixed in a basement.  Get a different album.
After the violent incident that took place @ Red Rocks @ a Schoolboy Q concert, one must wonder what kind of violent gorillas are fans of this clown's music. Music glorifying delinquency and breeding violence. Whatever happened to non violent/criminal rap acts like Common or De La Soul??Give me a Beach Boys concert any day over this overrated crap~! At least their concerts don't attract this punk-a$$ element that would not be so brave if they weren't packin heat!
This mixtape did not include all of the songs.  I originally listened to this in undergrad and lost my copy.  I found it here and purchased it (first mistake), then noticed all the songs were not included (i.e. &#34;Workin' em&#34; and &#34;Georgia Bush&#34;).  Unfortunately I can not receive a refund.  However, I will always look to Amazon.com initially to find products I am looking for.
i been a huge stevie fan since his first hit song addicted. and i loved his second album as well but... i just bought this album and listen to every song and i could say honestly.. that  this album is his worst:/ i loved stevie slow jams talking about love and mix it with some  club bangers but.. this album feels strange and it doesn't feel like the stevie hoang we use to.  there is like 2 or 3 songs i like in the album.  half a chance, no good and i'll be fine. if ur a true r&b lover and u listen to stevie from the start im pretty sure u feel the same. for this reason im going to give it 2 stars
I know the base for the song is O.R.T. sung by Mary Elizabeth McGlynn, a fantastic vocalist and voice-actor.  What the shoddy, generic hip-hop music is that's layered over it, I have no idea.  I also can't seem to find any details about "The Iris Project" unless it's some sort of educational charity.  I gave it two stars because "O.R.T." is great, but I have no idea why this specific version exists or how it can be sold while having no apparent link to Miss McGlynn, Akira Yamaoka, Joe Romersa, or Konami.
Around 20 songs, maybe 3 are worth l listening to. I like Juicy j of 3-6 Mafia, i like French Montana. The two together should be perfect. Not quite, these guys have two different styles. Is that 20 words?
Didn't care for it.
After all the hype I decided to buy this but the first 30 seconds is the best bit. So I'll just keep looking on Youtube for videos. :(
Whatever recipe they were using in 'the kitchen' left a bad taste in my mouth. Listened a few times and it's just not listenable. The production quality is average at best as the vocals are drowned out by the beats at certain points. There just weren't any catchy hooks, beats, or witty lyricism I'm used to.  The songs that did have good lyrics like All as above so Below, had the same melancholy music playing in a loop ad nauseum. Possibly the Hiero group needs to filter out some of the members and let the prominent members shine like they did on Souls of Mischief. I found the song talking about "merch" to be a little offensive to the listeners.. that's purely a sales term and to brag about how they are making money off selling t-shirts, preying on the fans was a bit insulting.. that's just me. They had plenty of time to put this album out, I view this as failure.. let's hope they can team up with better producers and work on those lyrics.
It would appear that 2013 is the year of Blu. In addition to re-releasing York in March, Blu has also released a couple of EP&#8217;s with Madlib and MED, and now he has hooked up with Nottz to release his latest EP, Gods in the Spirit. Unfortunately, this isn&#8217;t really a cause for celebration. Although both artists may be talented individuals in their own right, their collaborative effort does very little to impress. On the contrary, Gods in the Spirit is anything but impressive. There is very little chemistry between the L.A. spitter and the Virginia native, and this awkward vibe is felt for the entire 24 minutes.Don&#8217;t get me wrong, Nottz is a wonderful producer, and his beats on here are great throwbacks to some of the classic Boom Bap production from the 90s. However, it does nothing to compliment Blu&#8217;s style, and this is ultimately where Gods in the Spirit fails as a collection of music. Blu&#8217;s work with Exile is so acclaimed because he is capable of carrying himself over his production with ease. He&#8217;s not a very aggressive emcee, and he&#8217;s pretty soft-spoken, so when he&#8217;s forced to switch his style up in order to accommodate a different production style it sounds forced and uncomfortable. In addition, I found that the production occasionally overpowered the lyrics, to the point where you couldn&#8217;t make out what an emcee was saying, and ad libs were basically a waste of breath.With that said, though, there were two instances where Nottz was able to alter his production slightly in order to create something that sounded more fitting for Blu as an artist. As a result, &#8220;Creme of the Crop&#8221; and &#8220;End of the World&#8221; are easily the best offerings on this project. The production on both of these songs is laid back, smooth, and carefree, which is a sharp contrast to the heavy, aggressive production found on the remainder of the EP. Unfortunately, Blu ruined &#8220;End of the World&#8221; for me when he included some extremely homophobic lines in his third verse, which completely dissolved any love I had previously harbored for the song up to that point.Which brings me to my next complaint; there isn&#8217;t much here conceptually. Most of the lyrical content found on Gods in the Spirit is your average braggadocios rap, and majority of these songs fail to arrive at a point. I will say, though, that &#8220;End of the World&#8221; is clearly an exception. At the beginning of the song, the listener is led to believe it&#8217;s a song about love, but Blu switches it up to the discussion of racism and other sociopolitical issues. This is where my initial love for the song came from, but it kind of fell apart in its closing moments. Furthermore, Blu also had an interesting idea with the EP&#8217;s opener, &#8220;Boyz II Men,&#8221; but it just wound up being annoying.Finally, as if everything else wasn&#8217;t enough, Blu decided to smother these six songs with an abundance of guest artists. For starters, we have Nitty Scott MC and Rashad providing hook support on &#8220;Boyz II Men&#8221; and &#8220;End of the World,&#8221; respectively. In addition, you get guest verses from the likes of Versis, ScienZe, Homeboy Sandman, and Aloe Blacc, among others, and Nottz even makes an appearance on the EP&#8217;s closer, &#8220;End of the World (Remix).&#8221; There isn&#8217;t a solo joint on here, and this did nothing to help my distaste for the overall product. It&#8217;s chaotic and disjointed, and the end result never feels like a Blu project.Standout Songs: &#34;Creme of the Crop (Feat. Versis & ScienZe)&#34;Overall Score: 4/10 - I wasn&#8217;t impressed with the early leaks for this EP, and that did not change when I heard Gods in the Spirit for the first time. Nottz may be a good producer, but he fails to bring out the best in Blu, and actually winds up bringing out the worst. Instead of his usual laid back, smooth persona, we get an aggressive, unnatural emcee who sounds uncomfortable and uninspired. Gods in the Spirit never found its groove, which makes this a hard project to recommend.
If E-40 had retired after Grit And Grind, all of his albums would've been good. Instead he went on; he's released an unprecedented twelve in just the last four years; and hasn't put out a good one since. This Block Brochure continues the three-part series, which, like most album sets, should've been edited down to one, with three more albums it would be deadly holding your breath trying to find a good song among. The original three had at-least some. These three have hardly any. That's thanks almost exclusively to an abundance of weaksauce hooks.marcellee.com