If you are a fan of Kaysha you will enjoy this c.d. Elizio's tracks consist of Zouk, R&B, and Funana... and the blend works.  I enjoyed 5 of the songs of the C.D. so I would recommend the c.d to others.  The best tracks are the ones that feature other artists.
Its a similar cd to Back on Dayton Ave. Its got remixes of the same songs and some new songs. A decent cd though. But by far its not the best from Dayton Family. The older stuff is better like FBI, Welcome to the Dopehouse and Family Feud.
I like how they rap in english and I think they would be twice as famous if they always did that.Anyways this was the first album I heard from them so.
Basic, cutely sampled dance rhythms. My complaint is that the tracks are a bit musically repetitive - there's less build up and break down, fewer chord changes than I was looking for.
I was introduced to Sparxxx with his album "Deliverance" and became an instant fan.  This song, if somewhat catchy, has none of the Sparxxx I enjoyed.  It's very cliche... Nothing new here.  I still hold hope for a resurgence and become a fan once again.
Honestly this is a great piece of art! I wish Dose woulda made another album similar to this cause it was the perfect balance between the unique crazy style Doseone brings to the table as well as that classic rawness you get from 90ies Hip-hop. I wish I could give this album more than 3 1/2 stars, but frankly not all of this album is jaw dropping. it falls short with songs like "Voluntary Passive Euthanasia", "2 Ton Can of Wupass", and "Neapolitan". The lyrics are technical and intricate on these tracks, as Dose always is, it's more the production that falls short, and his cadence on "Voluntary" is just very hard to listen to after awhile. This albums jaw droppers/strongest points are "That Ol' Pagan S" (My favorite) "Etherial Downtime", and "Civilization". A little better than average album, certainly better than average MC'. The only thing that woulda made the lyrics better would be a more effective delivery by Dose, but then again he's always had his own way of doing things! Buy Hemispheres. Also check out ElCh3
I have all three of The Lacs CDs. This is my second favorite with 190 Proof being by favorite and Lactology being my least. I think all are good, but it really seems that with each CD this group is finding their rythem and getting better and better. If you are a fan of 'The Lacs' then try this, otherwise listen to 190 Proof first and after you become a fan, come back to this one.
Too much rap! Great if you like the black stuff. Not like the other album like it way better. 190 proof
My husband loves The Lacs.  The first CD he got was Keepin it Redneck, it was more country.  This CD is more rap but is still good.  If you haven't ever heard of them and like country then you should buy Keepin it Redneck.  But if you know them and are wanting to hear different things from them then you should listen to it.
NOthing much special here except it contains a rare full length version of RHYMES TOO FUNKY by COMPTONS MOST WANTED. They released half of this track on their debut album ITS A COMPTON THANG but the only place you'll find the full version is on this album. Other than that track the rest are sub-par to average raps.
I got this item being that I am a Tech N9ne fan and a fan of most of the stuff coming out of strange music. I didn't like this album all that much, there are some ok songs on it but nothing great. I would recommend getting the Kutt calhoun, Krizz Kalico or Tech N9ne albums instead.
Much respect to TI for his production skills, I like a couple of his tracks.  A decent album, waaaaay hyped up right now.He's a good rapper, I wonder why he spends so much time rapping about how good of a rapper he is... maybe that's because its what sells and its what a lot of people into hip-pop wanna hear, hahahaha.
The album aight, i dont like all the songs tho.  I might be the only person that dont like "Swagga Like Us".  That song is cheezy as hell, ALL of the verses were weak, yep even Jay and your beloved Lil Wayne.  I dont even f*%k with the South too often, but I do like T.I..
I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR DUNA'S MAC N MURDER FOR A LONG TIME NOW BUT CAN  ONLY FIND IT ON HERE UNDER MP3.  IS THERE ANYWAY TO GET THE HARD CD?
Supreme is a cool beat maker and funny guy on YouTube.  The beats are not bad but there were a few of the stock MPC samples used in a few.  After purchasing the MP3s I realized the current price is a bit much.  CDs are $10 and the MP3s are almost $9, but you get no tangible product, linear notes etc.....Anyway, supremes videos on YouTube make up for it and he's always humble with sharing information.
Has there been an artist in the recent era whose level of being able to CONSISTENTLY produce good vibes has fluctuated as much as that of Turbulence? Considering the fact that he exercises the same level of prolificacy as his ultra active peers like Sizzla Kalonji, Anthony B and Jah Mason (as well as so many others), the very fact that his is SO noticeable is unique, in and of itself . Meaning that when you make SO MUCH music, the likelihood that something would be so much above or so much below the majority of the rest of it on a virtually regular basis (meaning he is CONSISTENTLY INCONSISTENT) is downright odd. For example, take the very familiar case of Sizzla: Sizzla's music, for the most part will come at a similar level, regardless of the type of tune he is recording and he will eventually build forwards to the BIG tunes and subsequently the albums forthcoming as well. Anthony B, as of late, has been the same as he now works primarily towards slinging together well solid singles (which is what he has been doing for his entire career, arguably more than MOST of his peers), eventually landing the big one and simultaneously releasing his albums at the same time. Jah Mason would be a different case, himself, although definitely nowhere near as different as Turbulence. The Mason is like the others, including Turbulence, in that he will work with virtually any producer with whom he seems to vibe well enough regardless of where they may be on the planet, but what he does is has music which, for the most part, has gone unheard by most (which says a bit to his status in the game as DEFINITELY one of the most talented underrated artists that you'll find going today anywhere) of his fans. The result in his case is that when he does release albums from such a wide basis of producer, for the most part, whether good or bad (more times good), it has a VERY fresh vibes to it and some of it, at the time of it's release, could be well over a year old by the time the album reaches. There are other very active artists, names like Luciano, Fantan Mojah, Natural Black and Lutan Fyah come to mind (and I suppose I would leave Luciano off of that list in terms of younger big named artists), but, for the most part, their level of 'quality control' they tend to exercise is about as much of a staple to their music as the music  itself. Turbulence is just a DIFFERENT type of individual all around. Of course, for fans of his (myself DEFINITELY included) it makes it quite difficult to select something and not select something of his can be quite difficult. The aptly named Turbulence, is about as talented artist around these days and when you choose WISELY of his material, the results can be AMAZING.But they haven't been AMAZING in quite awhile now. In terms of albums (which is why we we're here) SHOCKINGLY in his now nine years of releasing albums, Turbulence hasn't released an album for UK Reggae giant Greensleeves (which may change any year now) but has for virtually EVERYONE else in the business. As, despite his obviously streaky results, the now twenty-nine year old (I THINK) Kingston native remains amongst the most active on the scene (touring CONSTANTLY) and an obvious a favorite amongst the producers all over the world (to an almost RIDICULOUS degree; I get new riddims from every Reggae producing corner on the planet and the name probably most often present is that of Turbulence's (Mason a lot these days also)). Album-wise things were a bit more consistent at the beginning of Turbulence's career with three of his first four releases coming via his home base label, Philip `Fattis' Burrell's Xterminator (same label launched Sizzla and Luciano), the first two of which, his self titled debut and ESPECIALLY Rising forecasted an artist who with his straight chatting style and at times BEAUTIFUL singing voice, came across as a more marketable and overall gifted version of label mate and mentor, Sizzla (Sizzla's staying point, of course, being his lyrical ability where there is no comparison between him and. . . Pretty much ANYONE). Lately, however, things have DEFINITELY been a bit more of the `hit or miss' style as far Turbulence albums go with a bit more misses than hits. Albums like Stronger Than Before (which I liked), Do Good (not so much, especially not these days) and ESPECIALLY the United album, probably his weakest album, period, really didn't do much damage on the scene and in retrospect none have really stood up to the (relatively short) test of time well AT ALL. And for every album like that, you can go back into his catalogue and find more surprises like the Future album, the HUGE Join Us album (which I (and I alone) still regard as his finest piece to date back in 2003) and Hail To The King which were very good. So what do you do to get things back in order? Maybe a fresh start? No! Turbulence's latest album, Love Me For Me becomes his second straight (and third out of his last four) release for a label and producer with whom he has already linked previously for an album or more. Love Me For Me comes via the UK based Love Injection Productions, best known probably for their work with exquisite UK roots vocalist Roger Robin (but they have also done two pieces for Mykal Rose lately as well). The label, ran by Rowan `Spider Ranks' Johnson also put out what is, in my opinion, one of Turbulence's most underrated albums to date (and probably the MOST underrated after the Join Us album), Words Of Wisdom from back in 2004. That album, grew on me SO STRONG and continues to maintain a place on my players having previously gone unnoticed due to more popular releases such as the aforementioned Hail To The King and Triumphantly from around the same time (Songs Of Solomon would have been around the same time too, I believe).  Unfortunately, just as he had done with  the United album, Turbulence fails to live up to the standards set previously with the producer (United followed Join Us and Triumphantly, both produced by hit-maker Kemar McGregor), although it is CLEARLY a better album than United, but still not up to what should be his standards. It is COMPLETELY average.It seems odd now that, following a 2008 where Turbulence released no official albums for the first time in his career, that it was now more than a year since Love Me For Me dropped. The album which was pushed on the strength of a relatively successful title track remains his latest release more than a year later and one which most likely fade into obscurity (it actually already has). Getting things started on what is, by my count, Turbulence's eighteenth studio album to date (not counting an (BAD) album, Perfect Combination, he had alongside Richie Spice) is a tune EASILY amongst the class of Love Me For Me, Rising. I'm calling it the album's finest tune overall and I'm giving credit where it's due as Turbulence rides the CLASSICALLY vibed lover's riddim with a tune on a lover's cadence (DUH) but is a powerfully socially conscious tune. The one tune that probably stuck with me the most here, Rising features all that is good with the artist as he employs both a nice singing tone and a chanting vibes as well to create a very inspirational vibes in the face of a gloomy outlook. Large opening. The vibes stay relatively high for Love Me For Me with the second track here, previous single from Love Injection's Saga riddim, Love Is The Way, a surprisingly hard edged tune (despite its title) which definitely scores. Love Is The Way MIGHT be the best tune, lyrically speaking, on the album altogether and it, again, features the various styles of the artist (he BRIEFLY lets his vocals fly full on once or twice later in the song which is always impressive). The first sign of trouble doesn't actually bubble until the almost woefully frantic tune Bupsie (Boopsie) comes in. This one is chockfull of tired Dancehall/Hip-Hop clich&eacute;d lyrics and points which, although definitely forgivable, as the album turns out, it has more than enough of that (in more ways than one) without  Bupsie. A hot and cold start to a hot and cold album.The main difference between the Words Of Wisdom album and Love Me For Me, to my ears is the much harder edge put through here. WoW featured tunes which, although they may not have been at the absolute highest level, when stuck together just created such a nice vibes and tunes like All Mine, the title track, Repatriation and the closer Rasta Man essentially book-ended a whole heap of very nice tunes (like Raspect Due). No such luck here. First the bad. Be Angry made me angry (mission accomplished Turbulence). It sounded as if it could have been a real WINNER, but it is vibed to an almost unnecessary Hip-Hop/R&B; type of riddim (which isn't bad in itself). Slow that one down a bit (and its not the 'ANGRIEST' tune as it is) and the results could have been amongst the best here. The tune immediately following Be Angry keeps me angry. She Loves Me features so much good things from Turbulence himself, vocally and lyrically (very impressive there, especially the first verse) but it so much so could have shown off even more. And, especially on a lover's vibe which has become his forte' through the years, Turbulence isn't allowed to shine because he is given another Hip-Hop (Spanish guitar infused) riddim, which on its own may have been pretty good actually, but not here. Come Over? Another pretty angry sounding tune with lover's rock style lyrics. At this point I was almost tired of it (with six tunes to come) but in the case of Come Over, its actually `better off': I don't care what you put behind this one, it probably wouldn't have worked either way (so why not Soca!). I remember listening to an earlier album of Turbulence's which intrigued me SO much on its title, Songs Of Solomon, but it turned out to be a VERY average (bordering on BAD) lover's album and the title Love Me For Me is, at least in sound, just as out of place as that one! Keeping the unfortunate streak going later on is the tune Pure In Heart, which is FAR better that any of the recent tunes which I mentioned recently here but still isn't top notch (still ranks fairly high on this album, however). And Dem Finaley doesn't help much either and it isn't because it is a Hip-Hop track or anything of the sorts, it just doesn't have a very appealing sound to it and coming behind what it comes behind, it was just up against a rock and a hard place, which is where it stays. So what's good? Well the title tune, although, I've heard quite mixed opinions on it, to me it was pretty good. Love Me For Me the tune (unlike the album named after it) is a downright SMOOTH which Turbulence rides very well. The tune finds Turbulence unfortunately having to break away from his special lady because she seemingly only `jumped on' because of who he had become and what he can provide her monetarily. Say what you will, but the R&B; tinged tune (see, I don't hate them all) worked for me and is probably the second best tune I heard on the album. Another out of the Reggae-ordinary tune which works for me is the song How. See, in this case that type of pacing works because lyrically speaking the message here is one of a critical nature (asking how do we maintain positivity in such a negative world) and unlike a few others here, like Dem Finaley a similar track, its worth `saving' lyrically so as to just not care what's going on with it (the opposite of which is Sorry which has a BEAUTIFUL Reggae backing, but is just so UNEXCEPTIONAL, its hardly worth mentioning aside from the riddim and Turbulence`s misguided but LARGE vocals). And ending things for Love Me For Me is the very nice What Friends Are For. My eyes widened I'm sure as every time I see the word `friends' for a Turbulence tune I think back to the (WICKED) tune With Friends Like These (Rising album) and while What Friends Are For fails to reach those levels, it is still quite well done to end things here.Overall, as far as ranking Love Me For Me in Turbulence's downright OBESE catalogue of albums its going somewhere in the lower middle. It's not as good as the aforementioned Triumphantly, Stronger Than Before or Born For This, but its every bit as decent as the Notorious album and better than Songs Of Solomon, United or the X-Girlfriend album. Right in the middle. Nothing special about it. I will say, however, that I would like to see Spider Ranks and Turbulence try it again in a few years hoping maybe they could continue what they started on Words Of Wisdom. Track down that one instead of picking this one up from an EXCEPTIONAL artist who seems to have an exceptionally hard time staying consistent, making it exceptionally hard for those of us who stay on it to remain on the Turbulence bandwagon (And I will say that singles since this album have been better so, stay tuned).
Esto Esta Bestial En Estilos Es Uno De Los Cds Del Underground Muy Buen Mezclado y Con Artistas Que Ya Ni Estan En El Genero Pero No Le Quita El Estilo Al Cd.
ATL Artist .GUCCI MANE , OJ DA JUICE & TIEC TOCC  ARE WORTH EVERY PENNYVERY GOOD MUSIC I Got them all on Amazon and Im Very happy with my product.
I often find myself speaking about the popularity and the presence of producers, engineers and players of instrument, as it, of course, isn't up to the level of the vocal artists. While this certainly isn't a problem (and actually, amongst the MOST popular producers, they're sometimes more popular than some of the acts they produce) there remains a relatively healthy cast of characters, in and out of the studio who, in my opinion, comprise an even more unknown and underappreciated group of people who are very instrumental to pushing the greatest music in the world. When I think of people who might fall into this category, the initial and definitely one of the most CRUCIAL is Jeremy Harding. Now, Reggae heads INSTANTLY know who Harding is and just how RIDICULOUSLY important he has been to the entire promotion of the Dancehall community, locally and worldwide as he has, very quietly, been one of the most important figures in the history of Dancehall. Harding is, of course, the owner and operator of 2 Hard Records and is the person most credited with having discovered Dancehall superstar Sean Paul, whom he also currently manages. And if his work with Sean Paul wasn't enough (and it was) Jeremy Harding was also the mastermind behind the SCINTILLATING Playground Riddim which birthed hits such as Sean Paul's Infiltrate, Nike Air by Vegas and the unforgettable Who Am I from Dancehall ace, Beenie Man, arguably one of the most IMPORTANT Dancehall tunes of all time. Another person who would fall into a similar group would be Cordell `Scatta' Burrell. To overstand the impact that Scatta has had, you have to overstand just as much what the people he has helped have gone onto do (therefore you have to know who they are). Burrell was once the actual producer and builder of music at the once (and still) reputable Kings Of Kings imprint, headed by Colin `Iley Dread' Levy (who would also have a case for being included here). As the music man at KoK, Scatta would have been very important in launching the respective careers of artists such as Norris Man (he worked on Persistence and the subsequent album named after it), Chrisinti and Ce'Cile (he produced both the Coolie Dance and Martial Arts riddims). Also, on his account, apart from KoK, Scatta successfully helped launch the careers of Dancehall upstarts Aidonia and Einstein. There are also names such as Andrew Henton (without whom we wouldn't know Tanya Stephens as we do today), Sheldon `Calibud' Stewart and quite a few others which don't ring as strong on paper and by word as do those of some of their more well known (but not necessarily more SKILLED) peers in production.And you also have this group of producers who kind of exist as 'Jack Of All Trades' types who have cut their musical teeth LITERALLY doing any and everything in the studio (even getting in the booth and singing in some cases). This is, generally, the natural progression of a producer on almost any level, however, there are some individuals whose past are SO interesting yet seem to go SO far underneath the radar that it becomes . . . well kind of disturbing actually. Such is the case here. The very fact that the name Paul Henton does not resonate with all but a few hardest of hardcore Reggae fans worldwide is very interesting. The producer/arranger/engineer/musician has such an amazing past that I or anyone with a halfway decent collection of modern Reggae could probably draw on ANY of their albums and see his name credited, in some way, shape or fashion, with having had something to do with at least ONE tune on it. `Computer Paul' as he is called has had his hand in SO many projects that you simply have to be in awe by what he's done in his travels. Internationally speaking, the producer has worked with the likes of Afrikan pop star, Akon and he also worked on Jimmy Cliff's I Can See Clearly Now and the tune Bad Boys from Inner Circle, two of the most well known Reggae songs of all time. Also, for me personally, Computer Paul was on board on (at least) two of my favourite creations. One of which was quietly (apparently his style) one of my favourite Dancehall riddims in semi-recent history, the Forensic, back in 2003 or so. That very STRANGELY vibed riddim was BIG for me and although it doesn't stand so well in terms of by comparison to bigger riddims of it's time, it definitely worked with me. The other piece that (I know about) will infinitely and indefinitely keep Computer Paul's name relatively fresh in my memory is the tune No Time To Gaze from Sizzla's album Black Woman & Child. Should you have that album (and you should), go and thumb through the liner notes of it and you'll see Paul incorrectly credited as piano/keyboard player on a few tracks as P. Enton. No Time To Gaze, depending on the day you ask me, may just be my favourite Sizzla song of all time and, on any day; it's definitely at least top ten. Just last year, having for quite awhile had his very own imprint, Boot Camp Records, Computer Paul brought another tune which may help to keep his a name which will continue its presence in my players for years to come (as if he needed the help) (and he didn't). The vehicle for this tune was the LOVELY Wonderland Riddim which was definitely one of my top ten favourites of 2008 and one which I was so happy to see make it to an album form as, again, so many of Paul's project either don't make it, or not much of a big deal is made about them if/when they do. The Wonderland is an absolutely beautiful track! It's not much in the way of `revolutionary' or proverbially `changing the game' but it plays to its undoubted strength which is just being one of the smoothest and simply well done pieces you would have heard anywhere last year (and in the last few years). Computer Paul, ever the professional, also stocked the Wonderland with a very interesting artist selection including a few of his own favourites and a few of my favourites (one in particular) which serves one of the best riddims of 2008 very well, ultimately.The keyboard sounding vibes which play across this one-drop is just so nice. It definitely doesn't sound like something you would hear coming from the BRILLIANT Kemar `Flava' McGregor's catalogue or a few other producers, and that's a good thing as it retains a bit of it's originality in a genre oft-criticized for not being so high in that department. Attempting to distinguish themselves on the Wonderland Riddim album first is the up and coming girl group MBC [Make Boyz Cry]. I believe the sometimes impressive group is Paul's and Boot Camp's own discovery and they are actually his artists and he always seems to get the best out of them to my opinion. While I'm not prepared to call their effort here, One More Try "the best", it is a pretty good tune and you can well expect to see and hear more from the trio in the future (especially if you're Japanese, apparently). Up next on the Wonderland is another underrated and underappreciated individual, VETERAN singer Anthony Red Rose who taps in with the somewhat basic but still relatively impressive Cities Don't Sleep. This tune was interesting because I liked it initially and it tended to fall more and more out of favour as I spun it more and more. Right now, however, it's still pretty nice with a nice story telling type of vibes and we'll forgive Red Rose and Computer Paul for the autotune. DYCR and Singing Melody bat clean up on the opening here and do so, in my opinion with the most impressive tune of the opening lot, Love Is The Answer. This tune didn't grow on or away from me at all, I liked it almost instantly. The thing about DYCR, and especially on combinations, is that you, the listener, or you, the other artist, have to simply keep up with him on your own because the riddim won't help you and Singing Melody, ever the veteran doesn't even try. Instead the two deliver a very `natural' sounding combination which reminds me of something that so many, so unfortunately, seem to forget: In all questions and matters of life, the answer is love. The tune is the highlight of an otherwise adequate opening.As I mentioned, the Wonderland gave me one of my favourite tunes also from 2008 from a most unsurprising artist, Lutan Fyah. His piece across the riddim, the BRUTAL Lead Me To Your Door, was one tooth achingly SWEET tune! The song ranks quite high, if not at the top of Fyah's lovers tunes to my ears (also up there is the BIG Venus) and you'll be doing yourself a pure disservice if you don't at least check that one tune from the Wonderland. Fyah leads a stretch of three very familiar artists right now which includes Natural Black and Norris Man. I didn't HATE Black's tune Joy & Pain, but it DEFINITELY isn't amongst my favourites from the riddim and even more definitely not from the artist himself. Norris Man's The World Is Love, however, is far more appreciable, as after a very rugged beginning it REALLY gets going and proves to be one of the stronger tunes on the riddim altogether actually. I'll also throw into this pack, although his is a few tunes down the line, Stevie Face with the anti-violence, Morgan Heritage vibed How Come. Face is actually a Boot Camp artist, I believe and Computer Paul helms his forth coming sophomore album, Tell It Like It Is and you can be pretty sure that How Come will feature there as well and on that album, as it is on the Wonderland, it'll probably ALSO be one of the best tunes going in. Looking up and down the tracklist, another thing really stood out as well as far as the artist selection. Wonderfully, especially in this time, the Queens are REALLY prevalent on the Wonderland riddim. After MBC, next is the potential PACKED Nikesha Lindo, who delivers the very nice R&B; vibed You Don't Have To Leave. If international ears ever get a hold of her music, Lindo may just be a big star, she has that type of sound definitely (also, incidentally, Nikesha's brother Kashief also checks in nicely on the Wonderland with I'm Ready Now). The big voiced Rovleta Fraser of Stephen Marley fame also comes through on the riddim on her tune, It's Strange. Fraser is an artist who doesn't ALWAYS have to do her best because her `pipes' can ultimately `save' her if need be, however, that's not necessary here as even though It's Strange isn't her best material in my opinion, it isn't far. The tune is very nice. (CUTIE) Tina Nunezz also makes an appearance on the Wonderland with the sexy, Caught Up. Nunezz is another of a whole heap of young songstresses who seem capable of attracting mainstream attention someday and I think the "mainstream" audiences (whoever they are) would absolutely love Caught Up, even though it's not one of my favourites (not bad though). And speaking of MAINSTREAM, the very definition of mainstream success for a female in Reggae also voices the Wonderland as Lady Patra hits with the actually pretty nice First Nite. Not too surprisingly Computer Paul also played a rather instrumental musical role in Patra's earlier sensational career and him having her back for this project was an excellent touch and one certain to grab a bit of attention, one way or another. And the last female to grace the Wonderland is the underrated former Shocking Vibes member Twiggi who goes inspirational and maybe outdoes the lot of her femme peers on the riddim with the WONDERFUL You And You Alone. Twiggi was (I THINK) supposed to have an album last year that never materialized to my knowledge, but I'm always happy to see her voicing tunes and You And You Alone is a very nice example of exactly why. She's always top notch. And also, check up and coming Timmy B's SOLID declaration of his own arrival with It's My Time Now. And, always the nice touch, Twiggi's tune leads into the official closer which is a beautiful clean version of the Wonderland which places a bow on this nice gift of an album.Overall, I'm not proclaiming either the Wonderland or its album to be the best of their kind but it is WELL solid. I would particularly recommend if you tend to favour the more romantically vibed pieces, but just general Reggae heads can also definitely apply. The Wonderland also looks well in respect to Boot Camp. The label is one which doesn't typically get a TON of attention and, in retrospect, the Wonderland didn't get so much attention either, but there is something awfully powerful to be said of CONSISTENTLY making good music, whether or not the hits roll in as consistently. The Wonderland was one of 2008's best riddims altogether, it had a HUGE tune in Lutan Fyah's Take Me To Your Door and I'm sure the world is going to love Stevie Face's album also. Now don't you think it's getting a bit ridiculous that Computer Paul isn't more well known???
I had never heard of this EP, I just happened to find it on Amazon. It was ok, but nowhere near the kind of fire that I expect from Prince Po. Best song was Then & Now with Prince Po's former partner Pharoahe Monch.
They have songs that span the late 70s all the way through the early 90s.  I think it would be more effective, if they chose a subset of that time range.  For an 80s baby, Salt n' Peppa is all that ... but some of the other songs are unknowns.  For a 70s baby, Ice Ice Baby is too &#34;current.&#34;
Pretty good Keith Murray album, but the main problem that I notice is that most of the tracks are like 2 minutes and less, or just barely 3 minutes.  The lyrics were pretty raw, and the album is guaranteed to squash any of the mainstream rap albums that are out right now.  Most of the beats were mediocre, but acceptable and blended with Keith's style pretty good.  Honestly, he could have simplified this album to 14 or 15 tracks.  As I mentioned, there are too many incomplete tracks that he could have merged with other ones to make complete songs with.  But I can also say that it's one of the best rap albums that I've heard in years and I do appreciate the effort. Overall 3.2/5
I was really excited when I first heard RJD2, but after downloading it from amazon I grew tired of the constant repeating all the way through the album. I'm just being honest.
DJ Godfather put in some work into this one, but it didnt quite go too well... i had purchased his other album "Im the Ish, The Mashup Mix" and THAT one was the 'Ish!!! this album however tried to be up there, but fell short just a bit.  great music, but the music was quick mixed in some parts (hence the name Mashup) but i was expecting a follow up/comparison to his other album.  still though, this was a good album.Love-Hate The Mashup Mix
Some hot tracks on here for the trunk and that lovable flow we all love from him.  A little bit too much love slow songs towards the end but overall its straight.  Cant wait till his next major label album!
theres only a few songs on here but these are still good. the funniest song on here is American where he makes a joke out of us die hard americans lol
I really like Ryan Lewis and Macklemore's two recent albums and so I figured I'd give this one a shot.  It's not nearly as good.  It's an early album and it shows.
It's bits and pieces of songs. It's decent enough with good beats, but not really worth $9.
I've been a fan of Mr.Maril for awhile. While some of the tracks are okay, I've heard better work from him. Being his first album to be marketable. I didn't expect a whole lot, but I expect more to come from him. He has great potential, him and Hessy make a great Duo. One thing about this album is it seems to quiet, the vocals don't seem to be greatly mixed either. But it's still a badass album to have on your collection if you like ICP, Twiztid, Prozak, Tech Nine and others.My favorite songs are Phantom, Otherside and deep in the woods.This group is worth a try if your looking for up and coming artist's to add to your collection of music. Just waiting to see if they release another album as this was released back in 2009.
Is a fairly good album but still too $$$$$ for what it is.For me is like a Street Rap Singer on a wall street budget!  hahahaOver all: OK
Kudos to everyone involved in this project.  This is really a good CD, and the concept is fantastic.  What it lacks, in my opinion, is a really good lyracist.  In the hands of, say, a Jay-Z, this could be a mainstream album.  I am just not interested in hearing any more about Tone-z's ass crack, sorry.
I both grew up an listened to this legendary jam but it sounded so different not to put down Ahmaed because we all change as we get older either way no matter how I felt I guess the kids need to grasp the same feeling that this jam makes any O.G. feel when it first came out so that being said purchase it you wont regret it because we all grow old an it's nice having a jam that takes us down memory lane
The Rapping Sucks D*** But I Downloaded It For The Bass Which If You Choice To Use Amazon You Wont Get, Every Song Ive Downloaded Form Amazon Sound Good But It's Like The Sucked The Bass Right Out Of The Songs So Download These Tracks From Somewere Else Exo Got Links Use Em. I Love Amazon But F*** Their Downloads There Music Sounds Crapping And Their Movies Look Crappy So Yeah!
Scarecrow is still lyrically nice, but the production and lack of polish hold this album back. His voice is hard to listen to and the beats are very outdated. Nevertheless, he brings the ruckus on "Psycho", "Not All There" and "Come Back To Hell". Even though this isn't his strongest showing, Infamous stays true to his distinctive style of horrorcore. At this point he needs to get laced with some DJ Paul & Juicy J production, which might happen soon. Not even sure what to say about "Wow"...
To be the first album of Nick Groff is well, when compared with the second that he released "Spiritual War" is very light, in it collaborate Zak, Aaron, The Constantinos (Mark and Debbie), among others known people. Who likes rap may it like, who does not like rap may seem a bit boring, but it's interesting to see his progress, if you're doubting between this and the second, I recommend the last one because is  more brutal and more for people in varied musical tastes. I give it three stars because like Rap album is perfect and has songs that really deserve to be heard.
This album is a fun enough listen, but nothing special. I consider myself a bit of a junkie when it comes to pretty much anything, surf rock, roots reggae, & island style music in general. And this year is looking to be a pretty stacked year for this kind of music.  With that said, I've already purchased quite a few CD's by other similiar bands this year already(I don't want to pull fans away from anyone so I won't mention names here) & this one is just so so.  It's has a couple great songs, a couple bad, & mostly average ones.The Movement in an attempt to branch out or "mature" there sound a bit have created a very atmopheric album.  They've incorporated there keyboard in a way which reminded me alot of The Doors.  I know that sounds weird, but now that I've put it out there I think you'll hear it too.  As result most of the album sounds to self indulgent, they just sound drawn out.  The songs just blend into eachother with very little tempo change. They do try to break that sense up a bit but with the exception of the opening track "When The Feeling Goes Away" & "Something To Say" the other ones just didn't sound right in this album. They were more suited to there earlier work.In closing as I said this is a pretty average album.  For big fans of this band I'm sure it'll get alittle backlash, but will be received well enough, but in comparison to other albums I've heard, it just doesn't stack up.
well... this album is a strange one for me to review as in all honesty this man is one of my all time favorites as The Chalice is one of the greatest albums ever, period. That said, I found History Will Absolve Me to be a little lukewarm... After hearing Crocodile Tears I was pumped for the angry side of woods... Then it happened... the tempo died and slowed down never to regain the momentum. I'm wanting the BFGs, Mind Control and Crocodile Tears billy woods... come back and destroy the landscape my man.
Funky tone to it I love it ,and the why the artist expesses it to the listener. Anew sound to the industry keep up the great work.
This kinda music isn't for everybody.....but if you're a Boondox fan...ICP fan....(ect) than I think this is a disc you should cop....but definitely not for the sensitive!!
Heard one song on the album.  Loved so I bought it.  All the rest have a different feel the that.  Wasn't what I expected.
It's a departure not in being Bass 305&#8242;s final album but in that they're departing from their musical roots. Not enough to justify such a dramatic album title though. The only signature sounds they've totally abandoned are the corny hip-hop samples I was hoping they'd rid themselves of long ago and the robotic voices I was hoping they'd never stop using.The audiologist guy even comes back, and in fine form, on Tone, one of the album's two best songs that were both previously released on the second Bass Explosion compilation. Also back are audio samples from Nasa space missions, though the one used on the album's Introduction, an astronaut simply counting down and blasting off, reeks of artistic laziness.Laziness plays a major part on the entire album; the end of a gradual (album-to-album-to-album) progression. The mastering is flawed. Some tracks sound louder than others. Some tracks, like Industrial Computer and Cyber Bass Woofer Test, the latter of which could've been the background to a proper Introduction, sound more like filler than passable content.Mark Watson, or "Magic" Mark from the first Bass Explosion compilation, leads with a saxophone on three jazz songs; four if you count the "Electro" (filler) mix of Ocean Dance. Hence the musical Departure from mere "bass" music. But those songs sound disappointingly out of place on a Bass 305 album. The Cyber Travel opener, on the other hand, sounds about right.305.1, a metallic techno song on which the audiologist from Tone gives a lecture about loudspeakers, is outstanding, with a chorus section almost as angelic as Does Life Exist. It would easily be the best song on the album if it weren't for the way it rhapsodizes itself two thirds in. China Doll and Dominican Moondance, despite their traveling titles, go nowhere.marcellee.com
I expected much better from dumbfoundead. This album is far too much of a poppy ego stroke to the man for me to like it.
Coming out of South FLA, I am a musician, big critic, and fan of music from the scene of the reggae/rock community. Better known as Dub Diezel ;). Just bought the EP here on Amazon not wanting to wait to get my hands on a physical copy. Some will not know but 3 of the songs were re-worked for this EP and I think the fella's and J-Wiz did great. Zech's sister, I believe its Zech Sister originally opened the song "Just Another Gangster" though I believe she is the one who is still featured in this new version. I think "2000 miles" has been re-worked quite a few times actually. I have an old raw version of it and then the version the guys gave ThePier.Org awhile back. Most definitely think this one is the best of them all vocally and what better than to give props to the king of reggae/rock Bradley Nowell (Sublime). "Pants Hanglow" along with "Just Another Gangster" were given to the fans by the group off their website awhile back, and "Pants Hanglow" they've slowed it down just a bit, and I like the added elements with more infused Hip-Hop.Our boys in Hor!zen definitely take pride and give props to our beloved state of Florida. That's one thing I've always been proud about with these dude's. Especially considering our neighboring country of Jamaica brings in so much talent to our state and musical influence, which the F.L.A. doesn't seem at times to get enough credit for producing great bands in the scene like our friends in California.Through different line-up changes, they have added a horn player. The Sax defiantly gives that soothing, sexy, but still tight tough edge added with the dubby delays and reverbs of the guitar with bass and drums. I think our FLA brother's have a good team backing them up and are heading in good directions for getting their music out to a wider audience. If you don't already have their previous EP "Bottom Out" grab it as well, trust me you will not be disappointed. These new tracks obviously haven't had enough time to grow on me yet, but hands down Bottom Out some of their best work to date, with tracks like "Killa" "Licka Shot" and "Youths Dem Ball" my favorite 3 of the 6, though the other 3 are good songs too! If you go to ThePier.Org you can download a free unplugged EP titled "West End Live". Here's the link  [...]Anyways, this is worth the $4.95, It's not expensive and you are receiving 5 sic new tracks from a talented group of musicians. Kudos Hor!zen, digging the new tracks, and will be at the next show I have an opportunity to attend.
It gets old very quickly and it is stupid that I have to type 15 words to write a review!!!!!
I needed this track for a project I was doing. It's not my cup of tea but it brought humor to my project.
Two years after their first collaboration, OnlyOne (of Sandpeople) and Furtado Yuen have linked up once again to release this new five song EP. My main issue with short projects like these is that if there's one or two weak songs then it drastically brings down the quality of the tape. Unfortunately, this new EP suffers from just that. Out of these five songs only one of them feels truly complete. The others feel like they were thrown together in couple of minutes.The best song on here, hands down, is track two, "Monsters Ink". It was the only song released prior to this EP's release and it's the only one that feels like a complete song. You have OnlyOne providing the first two verses, Al-G providing the hook, and Chase Moore providing the final verse. Tracks one and four, "Back" & "Spaced Out", have OnlyOne just spitting rhymes the entire time. Neither song is terrible, but he does have a few misfires and with songs like that every bar needs to hit hard. At times it felt like he was saying stuff just because it rhymed regardless of if it made sense.Track three, "Riding By Myself", also follows the hook-verse-hook-verse format, but it definitely isn't as strong as "Monsters Ink". Like the other two songs I previously mentioned it suffers from a few, very bad, misfires. Then the final song, "S.O.A.P.", has OnlyOne coming up with a bunch of phrases that can be applied to the acronym. It would be wrong to deny that it is creative, but it doesn't feel like it served any purpose. I think that's this EP's biggest problem, none of these songs feel they truly went anywhere.For me, OnlyOne proved on Police Brutality that his strongest material is when he's spitting that raw, honest material. Songs like "Angels & Demons", "Justified Street Actions", and "Whatever" are what solidified me as a fan. I feel like this side of him has been missing from a good portion of his recent material. Furtado Yuen, on the other hand, came through and delivered with five extremely dope beats. OnlyOne has a very playful style to his delivery that makes even his weaker songs fun to listen to and the fact that these beats feel perfect for him just makes everything better.Standout Songs: "Back" & "Monsters Ink (Feat. Chase Moore & Al-G)"Overall Score: 6.5/10 - Look, I'm a huge fan of OnlyOne. His disc on Police Brutality is one of the most listened to Sandpeople projects on my iPod, but the truth is that this is a very weak effort. It truly sounds like it was thrown together in a few days and it doesn't do a good job of showcasing just how lyrical he really is. Plus, it didn't help that he recycled a lyric from his Cult Classic mixtape last year. From "What I've Got To Say": "If I get a life sentence, shoot the judge. You only get one life and I spent it doing drugs." From "Riding By Myself": "If I get a death sentence, smoke the judge. You only get one life and I spent it smoking bud." It just shows how much effort was put into this. Hardcore fans of Only will be able to find enjoyment out of this, but if you're new to him this isn't where I would suggest you start.
Album ain't bad I expected more from Gucci.If you listened to State vs radric davis,Mr zone six,jewerly selection,I'm up,Trap God,Trap back you know he's capable of making good music.I feel the album was rushed maybe due to his legal problems.Some of the hooks and features are weak.Beats on point that's Gucci though his beats mostly always on point.He needs to stay away from the auto-tune the dope beat saved that second track.Not a bad album his mixtapes he made before the album were better.This album is probably slightly better than trap back 2.But weak features and stupid hooks,and the auto-tune tracks hold it back.It does have some bangers though something you can listern to in the whip.
I was expecting a classic album after Gangsta Gibbs dropped COLD DAY IN HELL & BABY FACE KILLA. Those two mixtapes/underground albums are straight fire! This album seemed to be mixed with a lil heat and some leftover material. GIBBS never disappoints but this one is strictly for FREDDIE GIBBS hardcore fanbase. Swoop up STRAIGHT KILLA NO FILLA, BABY FACE KILLA, COLD DAY IN HELL or download MIDWESTGANGSTABOXFRAMECADILLACMUSIC. These are GANGSTA GIBBS at his finest
montezumas revenge didnt feel like a hiero album but i LOVED IT! through and through....kitchen? hmm....not on that level. nothing really stands out. i need a few more plays tin discover a track. and to me thats too much work. first couple plays i should have been hooked. oh well. support support support for independent hip hop.
PRODUCTION: 4/8VOCALS: 6/8CONTENT: 5/8ENJOYMENT: 5/8GRADE: B-Nice lyrics and unexciting hooks over lackluster production, as simple as that.
I appreciate when artist use their gifts and skills to promote the Gospel of Christ, that deserves well over 5 stars!!! I don't own the cd but listening to the samples sounds like there was a lot of thought and creativity put into this album. However, it doesn't strike me as an album that I must have to ride to or workout to for that I give it 3 stars. I would likely purchase it for someone else that liked it or make a donation to support the cause. I'm sure the next album will be better.
Not sure about The King. I haven't found a song yet I can play without wondering why is this guy is so popular. I'll give it a few more listens and come back to ya.
This is nowhere near the quality of vengeance is mine.  There are a couple really great songs. But overall it feels rushed through. Rhymes over soundclips or uncomplicated choruses.  I had hoped for better from such a talented artist
I was a big fan of Nottz' You Need This Music and ever since Below the Heavens I check for everything from Blu, even if he records it on his laptop mic and it sounds terrible, so I had some high expectations for this EP. I think the beats are dope and I think Blu is doing what Blu does, i.e. rap his ass off, but they're not really gelling here. I think there are two problems at play here, 1. Blu is the type of rapper that needs beats that let his voice do the work and Nottz gave him some busy, pretty dense beats, and 2. Blu shouldn't invite any guest rappers onto a project that is just 6 tracks long with one being a remix. If Nottz had given Blu more of the simple beats he's rapped on himself over the years and maybe did some rapping on a couple of tracks along with Blu instead of having Blu's buddies, I think this could have been a lot better.
I thought the album was good, but there was one song I didnt like too well because ; i heard somebody talking about the devil. I'm just not into that stuff. I still love three 6 mafia though. Mafia!!!!!