There are plenty of good nerdcore groups around making some excellent music, but the high points of this album are, in my opinion, the best of nerdcore.  It has low points (which is why I only marked it 4 stars instead of 5), but the high points are oh so high.  Before listening to this, I would never have considered a song about Ping Pong to ever be on a constant playlist.  In terms of negatives, the music can get repetitive as many of the songs sound somewhat similar.  Honestly though, the highlight and focus of this album isn't the music, it's the lyrics which are imaginative and clever throughout.  The tracks Ping Pong Song, Coded and United, LEDs, Obey the Moderator and Sick Day are the standouts in this manner.  Wheelie ranges from anguish in a very self referential Just Forget It to laying down the law to new members of internet forums.  He flips the virtual middle finger to work and discusses living as a robot 500 years in the future.  It's a dizzying journey, and I'm glad Wheelie Cyberman is continuing to make music, even if it isn't with this band anymore.
Mullyman comes pretty tight for his debut album. I heard him on a Clinton Sparks mixtapes and he was tight so I had to check this out, plus he from my home town.  With 19 songs, 1 is a classic, 1 is almost a classic, 1 I skip, 3 ar eok, the rest are good.  Although he isn't the best rapper form Baltimore, he is up there and takes a shot at one of the tightest around (not just in B-More) Bossman.  Guests are some big name rappers and some local rappers, and they pop up on a ittle over half the songs.  Production is decent. B Ill does 10 songs, Mullyman does 3, Beats of Nature, Clinton Sparks, J Funk, 3rd Infantry, and another one of the tightest rappers from Baltimore, Skarr Akbar, all do 1 song.  A nice album for fans of underground rappers to have in their collection.#1 - 8#2 - 8 (f/ Memphis Bleek)#3 - 6.5#4 - 5#5 - 7 (f/ Clipse & Fam Lay)#6 - 8.5 (more of a ladies song, but tight)#7 - 8.5 (f/ Geda K)#8 - 9 (deeper song -- f/ nik Stylz)#9 - 8.5 (f/ Freeway & Black Lo -- also on Clinton Sparks "maybe You Been Brainwashed" album)#10 - 9 (a B-More anthem)#11 - 9 (about going through Growing Pains)#12 - 7.5#13 - 8.5 (f/ Comp, Backland, Sonny Brown)#14 - 9.5 (f/ Cell Spitfire, Pitts and Ghostface Killah -- tight beat)#15 - 8.5#16 - 8 (f/ Bless)#17 - 8 (f/ Omar Little)#18 - 10 (CLASSIC w/ great "Rocky" music for the beat)#19 - 8.5 (remix of #9 -- same verses diff. beat -- f/ Freeway & Black Lo)Kevin Muldrow -- Baltimore, MDCheck all my reviewsCheck other B-More artists out:BOSSMAN -- he's the $h!+North East Kings -- they tight, Bossman & 4 others (Jonny Cash, Heavy Gold, Dollars, and Tony Manson)Skarr Akbar & Da Bloc. Ent. --- they real tight tooTim Trees -- he's pretty tightB Rich -- he's pretty tightNature's Problem -- they decent (Hulio & Ostro)Tha Minisrty -- they pretty tightComp -- he's pretty tightChae Fontaine -- he's tight
This album is real good.Type of album you bang in the whip with the windows down.Playa Fly his the truth.Him and lil white have similar styles,but playa fly is a better lyricst.Must have if you like that trunk rattling down south gansta rap
YOU KNOW FLIP MAY BE VERY MONOTINOUS WITH HIS CONTENT BUT I LOVE HIS STYLE AND HIS BRASHNESS AND HE DON'T HOLD BACK AND JUST LAYS IT DOWN. I LOVE HIS FLAVOR REGARDLESS I JUST GOT ALLOT HIS MATERIAL AND HE MAKES GREAT DRIVING MUSIC.
i got this CD pretty quickly from the factory itself..the package that it came in could have been a little better becuase when i opened it the edges of the CD were cracked and fallen apart..but the CD was NO WHERE NEAR damaged in anyway..this CD is slapp..im very happy wit wat i got.
I like his flow and can hear the Rakim influence in his flow. He sounds like him a little. Again another solid album that Bronze was involved in. This cat came back with a vangance. I gave it 4 stars because 2-3 songs are tired for me, but the lyrics make up for it. H-Raizah is gansta.
think of Pharcyde, Damian Marley, Gym Class Heroes, mixed together and you get an idea of Grand Analog, if that sounds interesting, check it out, I dig it, its refreshing. couple fillers but worth it.
uhmmmmm...the other reviewer who posted about "not much halloween going on here" obviously, did not listen, at all.I can hear a lotta lotta halloween samples, from the disney halloween album to a vincent price spoken word album I have in "magic dub." marvel as your party goers get into the groove & then duck as a shreak goes through the grooove!so you'll get a whole lotta halloween and a big fat plate 'o dub as well. what a great concept! holds true for mbm fans too, I think they are one of the few who could pull it off. I think it's the best tino corp album out there, I'm gonna buy it on vinyl so I can get some extra thick basssssss.
Young Noble (1 of the 3 remaining Outlawz in the group) and Hussein Fatal (formerly of the Outlawz) come together and bring a nice album.  Noble has been by far the busiest of the Outlawz putting out albums with Fatal, Layzie Bone, Edi Amin, Dead Prez, and JT the Bigga Figga over the past few years, and this is probably the best one of those.  While Hussein Fatal has been under the radar recently releasing a few mixtapes but not much else as far as I know.  With 14 songs on here, Noble is on all 14 and Fatal is on 13 of the 14, guests are on half of the songs, and are mostly good.  Of the 14 songs, 1 is almost a classic, 5 are ok, and the other 8 are good, a few being real good.  Production is pretty good as well.  J Silva does 10 songs, P Silva and Cozmo each do 2.  A must have album for fans of the Outlawz.#2 - 9 (tight beat)#3 - 8.5#4 - 8 (f/ Daz Dillinger - also on his "Gangsta Party" album)#5 - 9.5 (great beat)#6 - 7 (f/ Edi Amin & Matt Blaque)#7 - 8.5 (good beat)#8 - 8.5 (nice beat)#9 - 7 (f/ Francci & Erin Thompkins)#10 - 6.5 (f/ C-Bo)#11 - 6.5 (Young Noble solo)#12 - 7.5#13 - 8.5 (f/ Yukmouth)#14 - 8.5 (f/ G Dub & Big Syke - nice beat)#15 - 8 (f/ Kastro)YOUNG NOBLE - Rufus L. Porter - b. 3/21/78 - b. Altadena, CA moved to Montclair, NJHUSSEIN FATAL - Bruce Washington - Montclair, NJcheck all my reviews
A Book of Human Language was damn near perfect, so when I heard ace and mumbles were back together on this album, I bought it immediately.  Very good album all around, but my expectations were a bit higher.  This is a mumbles production, and FEATURES Aceyalone, but he is not very prevalent.
I understand people's concern, but the 8 Diagrams [Explicit] version is also available on the MP3 site; you just have to look for that one.  The "censored" version should be labeled [Edited] or something...
I don't know where or how he comes up with his lyrics, but GENIUS!"I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual I bleed." Woww...Great Album
Downloaded quick , no issues.I liked the album better when it first came out, and I was younger.*
This unfortunately will probably be the last album by Big Mello seeing as he died in a car crash. This album is his best work since Southside Story. I felt that The Gift wasn't as good as his other releases but he comes back with a vengeance on this release. Songs like Hey You, Just Sex and Slow Your Role really help pull this album together. If your hesitant to buy this release don't be. You won't be disspointed with this.
tHIS IS SO UNDERATED MAN The west coast has truly been black balled by the devil, This a long beach hit right here lil bam representing the LONG BEACH rollin 20's going hard
I can't say I'm a die-hard NBN fan, but I purchased this &#34;Hi-Five&#34; because it offers their best sing-along hits at a great price.
Hello!  I am the producer of San Franpsycho, as well as the composer of the music on the album.  I noticed that our unnoticed album of seven years didn't have any reviews, so I decided to add a bit of a footnote for anyone who stumbles over this collection of work.  It was originally supposed to be a concept album, but certain ingredients were too expensive to leave on the menu.  Though missing a lot of commercial sound clips that supplemented the subject matter of the album, weaving the tracks together like a movie, the album still for the most part achieves its objective: psychologically there is no difference between the serial killer, gang-banger, and terrorist.  They are all sociopathic.  The sociopath becomes the thing that threatens him or her in order to eliminate the threat.
this is a tight ass joint right here with the classic west coat flavor, foesom keeps it L.B.C style for sure
This is a good buy for any Bay Area Rap Fan "Goin Insane" "The Bad Hand" are good songs Ad Kapone goes off in this album.
This man has the gift of spoken word. He is not afraid to talk about controversial topics in the church. He tells truth and I do not mind being corrected by his words.
Nice tune to mix with. Al B. Sure, makes this a good one too. I Liked the song a lot.
I purchased this song since I hadn't heard it since 2000 or so.  While the lyrics are still funny, this song had been reworked with a completely different style.
He's a great rapper (been a fan since '06) but his message is off the mark.  He is angry about what he sees which is understandable but takes a very narrow view of the causes for the problems.  His call for a violent overthrow of society is surprising considering his intelligent command of words.
I gave this album 4 out of 5 stars because Anonymous is a talented rapper. His delivery is hard and aggressive with a nice flow. The beats have a unique sound to them. The 4 last songs all tell one big story. I've never heard another rapper do something like that.
Spice 1 comes out hard once again.  Has a few great songs on this one but also has a few below-par songs (which I think he's only made less than a half dozen on his fist 6 solo efforts).  Nevertheless it's a good cd and a must have for Speezy Ace fans, as usual he doesn't let you down.  Production is pretty good and handle by a number of producers, G-Man Stan (4 songs), DJ Squeaky (2 songs), and Pimp C, BLACKjack, Payback, Sean T, DJ Darryl, and Beezie 200 all do 1 song.All he needed was some airplay on the east coast and he'd have sold over 15 million solo records.  It has 1 classic, 2 near classics, and only 1 weak track and 2 that are ok.  He's been puttin' out quality cd's on major labels since late '91 and made his first cd in '88 so you know he's got longevity & skill.#1 - 9.5#2 - 9.5 (f/ Bad Azz)#3 - 9#4 - 8.5 (f/ Bun B & Pimp C {UGK})#5 - 10 (classic song and one of my personal favorites w/ Young Noble & Napoleon from the Outlawz)#6 - 7.5 (f/ Michelob, 40 Glocc, & Bad Azz)#7 - 9 (f/ Pimp C {of UGK} & Black C {of RBL Posse})#8 - 7 (f/ Reefah - has a rock beat to it)#9 - 5 (f/ Sean T & Crime Boss)#10 - 8 (f/ C-Bo)#11 - 8#12 - 7.5 (f/ MJG)b. Robert Lee Green in Texas around 1971 - moved to Hayward, CA"Can't fu*k wit the East Bay G"Check out all my reviews
this is one of the best cd's spice one has ever made, some of his newer stuff isn't so great it's like he has lost his passion or something I don't no but this is bas as hell
This is honestly one of Keith Murray's best albums.  The lyrics were fire, and the beats were high quality.  The only major flaw with this album would be the fact that he recycled a few songs from his last album and switched the beats to them.  Example: "You ain't no gangsta" from the Intellectual Violence album has the same Keith Murray lyrics as "Gangsta" from the Puff Puff Pass album with the exception of the featured verses from Smigg Dirtee and a different hook.  He recycled several other verses from his previous album as well, and that was a slight disappointment to me.  But other than that the album was great.  The lyrics were about real life matters and issues along with some fun stuff and some gangster content as well.  The featured lyricists on this album all had decent lyrics as well.  If the mainstream wasn't so one sided, Keith would have had at least 2 hit singles from this album or 3 even.  Recommended tracks: "The Rain", "Gangsta", and "No Matter Where You Be."  Overall rating 4/5
A friend of mine referred this album to me. At first I was reluctant to buy it because I never heard of C-Born Nacirfa and I really don't like rappers from Houston, TX. But man I'm so glad I bought this album. C-Born recaptures the elements of hip hop with flawless creativity. His style is unique totally untypical of Houston rappers. The production is on point. His lyrics are cleaver and bold, demanding attention. C-Born keeps it versatile with interesting subject matters, unlike the typical party and dance or the so called gangsta thug nonsense that currently floods the airwaves. This is exactly the kind of music that needs to be propagated especially in times like this. If you like artists like Immortal Technique, Nas, Dead Prez, Common or Mos Def then you will love C-Born Nacirfa. I recommend this album to anybody who still has a longing for real hip hop music. Don't sleep on it!!!
This is the third mixtape released by Young Jeezy and DJ Drama.  The first was "Trap or Die" (personally 1 of top 2 mixtapes all time), followed by "Can't Ban the Snowman", then in November of 06' DJ Drama released "I Am the Street Dream (Gangsta Grillz Special Edition)" which was a prequel to his second studio album "Thug Inspiration".  I actually think this CD is one of his best works...It's raw and uncut, but you can probably find the original mixtape for about 5 bucks at one of these mixtape web sites!! Try (...)
This is such a well rounded album:  lifestory songs, rugged street songs, horrorcore, throwback hip-hop.  You can listen to this record from beginning to end.  Good production by JP Tha Hustler, and good features by other GRE artists (who I think are all gone from the label at this point).  My favorites are "Boys In A Box" and "Kill You."  Insane Poetry has been legendary since 1992's Grim Reality album.  They don't disappoint on this one.
Fan_3, now known as Fannius III, has returned with her solo comeback single "Girlfriend (I Can)", a summery beach hip-hop track with smooth guitars and production that fits right over the happy-go-lucky melody and sing-along worthy chorus."Girlfriend" is lyrically Fan's best single to date with clever lines such as "If you could be my heat/Then I could be your Fan/If you could be my stereo/Then I could be your jam", while proclaiming she likes "long walks on the beach in the sand" and bakes "chocolate chip cookie cake". While the lyrics sound a bit like an e-Harmony profile or a Myspace 'about me', the cheesiness is fluffed over with Fan's laidback, chill personality that you can't help but like. (which unfortunately doesn't quite show in the unnecessarily sexual video)Overall, Fan has picked a great song to re-introduce herself to the public, though it is not without inevitable flaws. And I'm positive that when Fan finally has her day and releases her solo record, things will start looking very good for her future.
After hearing 2005's "Be With" I have been anxiously engaged in waiting for a full length release form Koushik. The Canada native whose music sounds like a cross between label mate Mablid (Yesterdays New Quintet, Madvillian, Quasimoto) who admittedly inspires Koushik, The Beach Boys, and My Bloody Valentine, proves with 'Out My Window" that patience truly will achieve more than force. All warped and wrapped into one dusty package, the end result is a digital form of sunshine; the music radiating a joy and sentiment of a child-like innocence. Armed with dusty break-beats and folk guitars (as well as tons of other instrument samples, including horns and rhodes) Koushik creates an ambient funky-jazzy-pop-ish world, inhabited only by a few, if any. Where Koushik's vocal capabilities may fall short a times, the musical arrangements are more than sufficient for one's full listening attention. Hazy and alluring, "Out My Window" is one grand listening experience.
"Out My Window" is complex and innovative, but not in a distracting way as some more experimental electronic albums sometimes are. It is clear that a lot of time and thought has gone into this album, and I am very impressed by the maturity of the sound given that this is, as I understand, Koushik's first full-length.The subdued nature of most of the songs is hides their complexity, and they survive repeated listens very well. Most songs work best as background music.I can't say I like all tracks, but here are the ones I kept from this album: "Be with", "Lying in the sun", "Nothing's the same", and "In a green space".
awesome sound, brings back memories of the 90's. Just filling space for my "20" words needed to post....really is that necessary
Great songs loved how you can really relate to the kids of today and situations that they are facing through your powerful use of words and beats...powerful music, encouraging music message that stands above alot of others music that is out here for my kids. I have a daughter that is in high school and she listens to Capone everyday her younger sister that is in middle school has memorized some of the songs. Great music keep it up.
After his last album i was hesitant about this one but I bought it anyway and I like this Cd alot. Most songs on here will bang in your trunk and the lyrics are not bad either. Besides the new Luda this could be the album of the year and he puts Shawty blo in his place
I've had this album for 3 years and keep coming back to it.  To the 127 reviews already up here, I can only add that if you like it once, you won't get tired of it.
T.I. hits another home run, but the best songs are front-loaded and the later songs are nowhere near being on the same level as the first half of the cd.
Although its far more of an argument and a discussion that you're likely  to hear amongst hip-hop heads in hip-hop circles, I think it also applies to dancehall: The ARTFORM of DJ-ing (MC-ing in hip-hop) is truly an underrated and overlooked one. While it will inevitably lead to the TIRED argument of the `golden age' and things being so much worse in these modern days than in yesteryear (which I vehemently disagree with, DIFFERENT, not WORSE) its still something that is interesting to look at as the actual DJ wordplay art form is definitely being paid attention to less and less. Part of the fault, at least in my opinion, is definitely due to the current state of dancehall as a whole. ALWAYS a very trendy and follow fashion type of style, dancehall has developed trends which aren't very conducive for producing the type of story telling and just downright INTELLIGENT type of lyrics which we've previously seen. Instead, what we get are these RIDICULOUSLY violent pieces which, while honestly in their own right, are complete brilliance at times, it  somewhat limits itself to just a few artists who are capable of scoring in that type of high-tech vibes and BIG sounding riddims. Can the dancehall heads imagine someone like Vybz Kartel, Busy Signal and ESPECIALLY Aidonia being given a riddim which is strictly for the lyrics and the dancing portion of dancehall MOST OF THE TIME? Certainly you've seen bits and pieces with Kartel over the years but one of the WICKEDEST tunes I've ever heard Aidonia voice was Stand Up Front (which he also turned violent incidentally) over the rebirth of the Duck riddim a couple of years ago. Truly we definitely have the artists to accomplish a return of the ORGINAL DJ style should the vibes come back around and not in terms of finding any and every riddim at least ten years old which did ANY damage at all and sending it back out in a new package, but making MODERN pieces which afford the artists the same opportunity to be brilliant as some of those older pieces. There are a few artist who I feel today are still keeping in time with the very talented and PURE DJ style sans the gimmicks more often than not. Check an artist like Assassin, who although he doesn't score as many hits continuously as his aforementioned peers, more than ANY of them he could have fit into any era of dancehall. The same could even be said, at times for the aforementioned Busy Signal as well and others like Beenie Man of course, Baby Cham, General Degree, newer artist Erup as well and even Sean Paul.But maybe if its not the vocal artists who catch on, maybe it's the producers changing themselves? There are producers such as Don Corleone, Ward 21, of course Dave Kelly (and Tony Kelly) and even Stephen McGregor (at times, although even his more lax riddims tend to have more than a little edge to them) who seem to understand, first and foremost, that the focal point of `dancehall' would of course be the `dance' part, so, although you will hear the gun busting on some of their pieces, you're FAR more likely to hear the hype (not overly HYPE) and just downright SMART riddims from them which serve as very nice backgrounds for some of the genre's most talented lyricists to really deliver well crafted lyrical gems. And now,  I guess I have to (re)add a name that I'm pretty familiar with, one that I just hadn't been paying too much attention to, DJ Karim of Stainless Records. I'm not exactly the biggest fan of mixtapes at all, but I can recall several years ago the Stainless mixtapes being amongst the most in demand in the entire genre (which even years ago, probably around 2001-02, would have STILL been a big deal with as many dancehall mixes as were available then even). And I would say that I still recall hearing quite a bit of fuss and attention about his mixes up until as recently as just a few years back. But, apparently Karim took his attentions away from just making mixes and established his own label (alongside his younger brother), the aptly named Stainless which is based up in Florida and, of course, specializes in dancehall music of the same variety which fed his mixes years back; simply hard, efficient and yet BEAUTIFUL riddims which really allow the artist to present some of their finest work and doesn't, at least not obtrusively, lend themselves REALLY to the more hardcore side of things (in terms of violence that is). As a producer, Karim and Stainless' biggest creation to date probably came back in 2006 as he helmed the BIG Inspector riddim which (had literally like a thousand people voice it) is probably best remembered as the heavy bouncing riddim which backed Sizzla's big controversial hit, Haffi Get It (and if I recall correctly, Greensleeves picked that up and released it on its Rhythm Album Series as well). And now, apparently as the label has reached an even greater level of successes and consistency, Stainless Records essentially rebirths the Stainless mixtape, this time as a well done and just FUN compilation, Dancehall Episode 1. Of course the `Episode 1' portion of the title would lead you to believe that there will be future episodes (and considering this one dropped almost a year ago, maybe even pretty soon we should see Episode 2) which is a good thing as the name Stainless once again becomes one to pay attention to outside of just the production field (and if you live in Florida apparently Karim plays out often). I'm rather confident in saying that in terms of 'official' compilations, Dancehall Episode 1 is probably the best dancehall compilation that I heard in all of 2008, period. While its not something packed and backed with BIG hits from all over the place, it's a piece done almost strictly for the modern dancehall heads who maybe long for that era of just a few years back when the gun busting was held to a minimal and reserved to only just a few of the top acts. Dancehall Episode 1 is just top vibes throughout, no one (or hardly anyone) gets attacked and like most halfway decent compilations, it may also introduce you to a name or two that you weren't previously familiar with.The way the album is set is that it features primarily two of Stainless' most recent riddims, the Pepper Spray and the Sour Diesel and it has a few twists and turns here and there as well as a blast from the past to end things also. Getting things Started on Stainless Records' Dancehall Episode 1 is one of the aforementioned twists and turns as (SEXY!) Kingston native Danielle offers what is definitely one of the bigger hits on the album altogether, Beat It, over one of Karim's latest creations, the Analog riddim. Beat It was a pretty nice sized video for Danielle (had a very nice video as well) and its just a very hype (and X-Rated) tune. Danielle is an artist who has been around for awhile, but is pretty much unknown outside of the local scene. But, with  tunes like Beat It and Brown Girl In The Ring with Beenie Man and Turn Him On (a SEXY combination with Ce'cile) she's definitely getting her name out there and she definitely has SKILLS as well. Nice tune.  Up next is my choice as Dancehall Episode 1's best tune overall, Sean Paul's EXCELLENT She Want It which marks the first appearance of the Sour Diesel riddim. The riddim is a somewhat old school tinged (and by `old school' I mean like circa 2000-02) bouncy piece which eventually just adds a KILLER small keyboard which sets the ting nicely. It just so happens that, to me at least, that time Sean Paul was about the time I came on board and started listening the artist. Now, of course with his popularity in the stratosphere, it may be long forgotten and overlooked, but when at his absolute best, Sean Paul has a downright LIQUID-ish flow and he melds himself to the Sour Diesel for a wonderful result. BIG TUNE which would have definitely fit well on Sean Paul`s first (and best) album, Stage One. Completing the opening of Stainless' Dancehall Episode 1, fittingly is the first of three efforts from young DJ Ice Cold, More Flex More G`s. I've never really been too impressed with Ice Cold and the first tune here really doesn't do anything to change my mind, although you have to stay tuned on that one, because he does much better later. All in all, good start to the album.Besides Sean Paul, there are quite a few other names present on DE1, as DJ Karim definitely links some of the heavy hitters to go alongside the up and comers. The biggest of those names would definitely be Sizzla Kalonji who comes in twice, riding both the Sour Diesel and Pepper Spray riddims. His first tune, Serious Things on the Sour Diesel is the better of the two tunes. Its certainly not the best Kalonji you'll ever hear, but its definitely a nice changeup as he offers a bit of consciousness on the riddim. The same could be said about his No Dutty Heart on the Pepper Spray as well. TOK also takes two spins here with Get Me Horny on the Sour Diesel and Dem Badmind on the Pepper Spray, respectively. By the slightest of margins, I favour Dem Badmind between the two (although the first verse on Get Me Horny, from Bay-C, is WICKED) and I favour it on the entire album as well as it definitely ranks very well alongside pretty much anything on DE1. Spragga Benz also checks in with his tune Down In There over the Pepper Seed. Down In There, although pretty well done for what it is (kind of gimmicky on the melody, however), is the type of song you might've expected to hear from the artist about a decade ago. But I don't grudge Spragga for definitely having fun with the tune, which is clearly what he did there and, again, its not a bad tune at all. Unlike his popular peers, Busy Signal only gets one tune on DE1, which is a shame because his tune, Bamn! on the Pepper Spray, is easily one of the best tunes on the album and a genuine master class as well. Busy is definitely a young artist showing all of the characteristics of some day being amongst the most SKILLED artists the dancehall has ever seen and Bamn is just another fine example of that, as he deals with the somewhat complex wordplay on the tune and makes it look almost too easy. Big tune there. The aforementioned Ice Cold full on leads the charge of the younger artists and when he returns for his second and third efforts both of which are much better than his first. I would probably best describe Ice Cold as a poor man's version of Busy Signal. He doesn't have (at least not yet) the dexterity that Busy does (few do) at this point, but what he does have he puts on full VIBRANT display on the tune Wiggle And Crawl the best of his three songs. I can remember hearing the tune from sometime in 2007 and I wasn't overly impressed with it (I'm still not), but it is DEFINITELY the type of tune which shows a real potential and he can definitely build on something like that. Ice Cold's final effort on DE1, Seh Dem Bad on the Pepper Spray is also pretty good, and again, it shows a real promise from the young artist (who I believe was initially a find by Gadaffi and is now an official Stainless artist (which would explain why he gets three tunes here)). I guess I should also mention Franz Capone's tune Ballin, which I don't really like too much (it also received a pretty nice push), but I mention simply because it features Wayne Wonder, which is always a good thing. As Dancehall Episode 1 winds down, we get two very nice twists to end things with. First is a remix of Beat It by Danielle who, this time, brings Vybz Kartel along for the `ride'. The tunes are pretty different as where the original is, of course, just Danielle, the remix is mostly Kartel with Danielle chiming in (and getting something of a shortened verse later on) throughout. While I still favour the original, I'm a big Kartel fan as well and the remix works for me as well. Ending things for DE1 is the aforementioned blast from the past as Sean Paul returns with his tune, the somewhat conscious Sufferer over the Inspector riddim. I don't recall hearing it previously when the riddim was making its rounds and it `s really a shame because, even though Sufferer is very ODD (it sounds like he is making it up as he goes along) and its not what I would call Sean Paul at his best, it still scores as simply being `something different' definitely. Very nice addition and a very nice way to end things.Overall, I'm definitely interested in seeing if DJ Karim and Stainless continues the Dancehall Episode series. Since this album, Stainless has remained active dropping, most notably, the FBI riddim (which sounds a  bit like the Pepper Spray) and the Cropover riddim (which is an electric bubbling piece with the SLIGHTEST tinge of a Carnival vibes) which could go to fill the tracklist of a possible Episode 2 (and other riddims in the label's history such as the KNOCKING drum and base sounding Takeover also). As it stands, however, Stainless' Dancehall Episode 1 is a compilation recommended for hardcore dancehall heads. I'm not calling the second coming of anything and I'm not even saying they couldn't have selected better practitioners of the craft; but in this time it seems as if the dancehall is turning into, first and foremost, its nice to see someone not forgetting to make DANCEHALL music for the DANCEHALL itself. Well recommended.
Just when we thought Vanilla Ice couldn't get any more white, he drops "Vanilla Ice Is Back!."  The Nostalgia Critic already thought VI went transparent when he released the movie "Cool as Ice" ([...]), but this album makes Vanilla Ice go Super Nova.To be fair the album is a fun throw back to some old songs, and it's funny to hear Vanilla Ice sing some songs that a Black Hip-Hop artist should really be singing.  I bought this thinking it was his new album "Wisdom, Tenacity and Focus", but I found it is not out yet.  I was a little disappointed, thinking WTF!!  His last album "Underground Platinum" wasn't the best hip-hop album ever, but it was not bad.  It was a good album that made me rethink what VI is, and was.All the songs on this album are not bad; they play well and sound well.  It's just getting past VI singing some of the songs he sings.  Some of the new "Ice, Ice, Baby" tracks are cool, but mostly makes you wonder how many time he can re-release this song and get away with it.  I am not disappointed I now own this CD; it's a fun album that shouldn't be taken seriously.  I think VI should have just waited for "WTF" and not release this album; this is a step back for him when he needs to keep going forward.Even though it's a Step Back for him, it's a fun trip down memory lane for old VI Fans, and maybe that's why he released this.  Buy it, and just have fun with it.
If you are from Texas or especially Houston, TX and like that old school Fat Pat, this is another great, classic CD to jam, You will not be disappointed with this purchase at all. I'm happy with this Fat Pat album and his greatest hits album as well because most of the songs on that album or on this album as well with a few different ones, I believe.
This is one of the only versions of this song available that is not edited for profanity.  All electronic copies of the original 1994 album and the Rhino re-release that iare currently out, on iTunes and Amazon, blank out the profanity.  This 2008 recording does not.  Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately, there are differences between this recording and the original.  The changes are not significant but the pacing and the rhythm are not the same.  If you are looking for a copy of the song for nostalgia's sake you will want to keep in mind that this is not the song you loved from back in the day.
This album has alot of song's heard on the solo artist's albums and some I have never heard before. None of them are true classics, but there's some bangers on here and for $0.18 a track this is easily the most satisfaction I think you can get for rap on amazon.Other Thoughts: Buy Dogg Food, before you buy this.
The only bad thing about this album is that there was not a follow up. At least not that I know off.
I enjoyed these songs when they came out and enjoy listening and reminiscing to the good ole days of yesteryear
I used to buy all kinds of Bass Music but it seemed like alot of The Bass Pioneers have split.  Well I always have been a far of Bass Music and this I am going to order.
As a fan of Young L now I came across this and put it on my ipod, really good CD, but definitlycheck out his newer mixtapes, theyll blow you away
I was suprised, this  was a pretty decent album from the rich boyz, romeo definetly stepped his game up with his rap skills. He was on beat and rocked it and his voice got better. after game time his voice was just horrible to listen to. Lil D was the real reason i bought the album when he spit that verse on we roll big. C-Los is pretty decent but i kinda get tired of hearing him. The lil kid Young V ruined the whole album it made it lose the hardcore feeling despite the fact they don't cuss. You can't make it kiddy and street at the same time. Master P probably just put him on the album because thats his son. It would have sold if Young V wasn't in the group. Personally i wouldnt play this album with people my age around. I just love No Limit so Ima sucka for their music no matter who it is.
MP3 sucks, get the LP if you can find it, and  GREAT LUCK at finding the cd and IT DOES EXIT. These dudes formed another group called the BOYS from MIAMI 92' . You can get it on cd and it sounds just like this album gettin off.
One of the first to represent atlanta, in the late 80s. Good bass, and great lyrics!!! Vary hard to find so it's worth the money!!!
I wanted something clean for a party. Sound quality is pretty good and the selection is well worth the money.
Jenuine J.A.'s latest rap record "The Burden of Proof" is a great throwback to the early sounds of that genre. Jenuine isn't exactly a hip-hop artist as his songs rely more on his lyrics and the instrumentation than just beats. The opening track, "Dyin' to Floss" says it all, as you can hear how Jenuine wants his words to be heard and not lost under a sea of electronic drums. His struggle to be heard is evident throughout the disc as he lets listeners in on his personal hurdles in becoming a successful rap star. Just listen to "What's Your Plan?" and you will feel what he has gone through. The title of "The (Lost) Art of Storytellin'" is a truthful statement about where most rap songs are at today. They rely more on abusive lyrics, instead of just telling a story. If you want to hear rap music the way it should be done, you won't be disappointed when you hear "The Burden of Proof."Shaun H. and the [...]
I remember this CD FROM WAY BACK WHEN MY BUDDY FROM DALLAS TX handed me this game and told me peep this I put it in the player and the rest was history, I miss the days when the west coast ruled the scene the west had the nineties sowed up When rap was real and grimy. Peace to the bay area my family running wild to southern cali. YADDAH!!!
I found this on accident and laughed. Long, loud, and hard. Then I previewed the music and laughed again. Long, loud, and hard. And then, I bought it. And put it on my ipod. And now I listen to it. A lot. Someone else is laughing at me now, but that's alright cause I've got Shikamaru on my ipod.
This albums good but I really want one more album from Nine. He was one of the best rappers in the 90's and yeah, people ripped his style off and made a lot of money but whatever. Rap is absolute garbage now, and it needs a savior.  I truly believe Nine can do it. He needs to come back harder than ever. Spill your life on top of some hardcore beats that at one time ripped through base tubes and sub woofers. quick, tight and hard. Bring hip-hop back. Let the new generation know what its all about. Hip hop is not about some fake riding around in a leased Bentley. Hip hop is Nine. And its time he takes his stand.
Pop it in and turn up the sub-woofers as you chill out to Hip Hop/Rap artists showing their grooves on the newly released disc, "Ruff Life Presents." Rufflife Records produces an outstanding compilation of invigorating gems by performers of Dallas, Texas. Kicking off the CD, "Intro" instantly introduces to the listener the abundant shades of energy this disc has to offer. Vocals are tight and right on the mark while the synth sounds balance well throughout. Synth horns and strings bring out the tailored feel of a club mix on songs like "To The Topp." Some of the lyrics on this CD are explicit and sometimes erotic, as on "So What's Up." "Commercial #1" and "Commercial #2" is an added plus as the voice of the artist promotes this well crafted music. Soft and subdued, the female vocals on "Smile" interplay with the male word play. You'll be diggin' the moves "Ruff Life Presents" has to offer from these creative and original artists. WARNING! EXPLICIT LYRICS.Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Sideways drops some of that yoch town game for the y2k. Saucy beats and flows feat.Mac Bonez & more .dope tracks are 1,2,3,6 & 9
This CD is enjoyable all the way thru! Mar'z is an exception lyricist and stays true to who he is. A must have for any real Rap fan. My favorite tracks are "Hits we Take" and "Price Point". I first listened to Mar'z when he teamed up with Big Left (La Coka Nostra) on the Aftalife album. I also purchased the UGP album! Another hard hitting album that keeps your head bopping! True Hip Hop from the Bronx! Pick this album up!
This set of music was an interesting set.  I enjoyed 3 of the five.  Give them a listen, they may just grow on you.  I'm not one who typically enjoys music that sounds a bit like rap, but, hey!  They did a good job!
I bought this off Amazon a while back. Even though I have a Zune pass with unlimited streaming music, a ton of other MP3s, I keep coming back to this release from Cage which I got as a free download. The style is a cross of rap and rock and alternative. It reminds me a bit of early Linkin Park and POD. Less hard than Linkin Park, but harder than POD, and a bit more on the alternative side. "I Never Knew You" I could put on loop and listen to for hours, but the rest of the songs are worth plenty of listening to as well.
FYI all, the Cage this album is by, is the stage name of a rapper/hip-hop artist named Chris Palko. This is an EP he released to promote his new '09 album. It's still interesting, quite engaging music nevertheless. Great for lying back and playing loud. Kinda reminds me of Linkin Park's 'Reanimation' remix CD. In some spots, even of the later, lighter work of NIN, the 'Spawn' Soundtrack, even.And oh, the Heavy Metal band by the same name is apparently still out there, un-sold, staying true to Metal. Peace Out.
I'm really liking this album. It continues the direction Boards of Canada were heading in Geogaddi, but with more emphasis on beats.
Wow, this album is something else. The overall mood of sunny beaches and nostalgia, the imperfect-yet-perfect beats, it's a great sound. This album has been getting a lot of attention in certain circles, and it's obvious why - this is a very cool and fresh album.But all is not perfect when you whittle it down to one person's opinion. For me, this album both impresses and dissapoints, and I think it's because the first couple of Lone's songs that I heard were better than half of what's on this album. Of Lemurian's 17 tracks, 7 are short interludes, most with no beat at all. This isn't a bad thing in and of itself - those tracks do capture the theme of the album, but after hearing the more exciting ones, these seem boring by comparision. Each one is begging to be lengthened and remixed (and would actually be more fun if Lone had done so).I suppose that I personally was expecting a more beat-driven album, and less of a mix-and-match experience ala Boards of Canada. I'm not really disappointed - quite the contrary - but I didn't get what I was expecting from Lemurian, and I still think I'd be more satisfied if I had. Here's hoping for a 'harder' 2nd album from Lone!
Hip Hop Classic. I remember the first time watching the video. I wanted a Drop-top Mustang GT. Same color with some Cerwin vegas in the trunk
Well constructed, clean and dynamic instrumentalsThis is more lively than I usually like... but very goood! It's a little short though imho
Just as I mention in the title when I buy an album even a mix version I find it annoying when they insist on inserting radio style jingles.jeez we bought the thing and I know who created it so please stop DOING THIS!Dont get me wrong get mashup mix and worth buying but just really annoying!
The lyrics on this album are bonkers......the only set backs were a couple of the early hooks, Dice Dinero's verses, Pac 10's verse and Royce the 5'9's horrendous verse where he gets outshined by everyone on the song.Mykestro and Crooked I have hot verses and the U gang is nuts! Fire album!
The solo debut album by J-double-R, "Hip-Hop Rebirth," is one collection of genuine hip-hop tunes that exudes intelligence and current-day relevance. Powerful beats fused with poetic, politically potent lyrics provides a perfect platform for J-double-R's pure talent to manifest itself. Opening with the gripping title track, listeners are immediately introduced to J-double-R's raw and hard-hitting rap style. "Changes (feat. kissroyale)" is a lovely collaboration focusing on the remarkable change and progression symbolized by the election of Obama as president, and displays unforgettable musical hooks. The slower-paced tune dubbed "Inner Thoughts" stands out as an exceptionally well-written and representative of J-double-R's sheer creative intelligence. Topped off with seasoned production, fans of honest, genuine, and prudent hip-hop will thoroughly enjoy this CD. Xavier and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Nice album although i would love for it to have included the Aslan remixes of Infinite Potential and Inbetween the Eyesockets. If anyone knows where I can get these 2 remixes please respond.
It was great
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend because she absolutely loves twenty-one pilots and she loves the CD! It reminds Us of older Muse!
I like this album. Not as much as their other album Vessel, but it is still a pretty good one.
I need to check out their other CD.  This one is solid, &#34;FALL AWAY&#34; is the standout track in my mind.  It seems like they are still finding their sound throughout the CD.  But there are some unique and awesome tunes on here... but a few that seem a little too far off base, and sloooow.
This EP represents the first efforts (to my knowledge) of Macklemore AND Ryan Lewis, &#34;...and we danced&#34; and &#34;Fallin.&#34; With Ryan Lewis as a producer the sky is truly the limit. It also showcases the progression of Macklemore as a musician.While some might be tempted to simply purchase the song &#34;...and we danced&#34; rather than entire EP, I think that would be a foolish move. This EP marks the evolution of Macklemore as a musician and is tracked in a way that represents that evolution. Starting off with &#34;The Town&#34; and &#34;Church&#34; the listener experiences The Language of My World side of the musical bridge, the more inexperienced, undeveloped sound of Macklemore and then progresses to &#34;American&#34; a successful satire, the style at which Macklemore always has excelled. The EP than ends with the mature Macklemore and Ryan Lewis in the songs &#34;Fallin&#34; and &#34;...and we danced.&#34;By purchasing this EP you get to walk the development of Macklemore. You experience the best his early style, the constant of his satires, and the successful convergence of his sound and style with a producer who really knows what to do with it, Ryan Lewis.
I like every song on this thing besides one. And the reason is that song is too &#34;slow&#34; for my taste. Besides that one song (just not my taste) I love the others so I can't complain too much =D
Surprisingly good. Didn't know what to expect. Wanted to check it out. Very pleasantly surprised with the skill and humour in the songs on this album.
I do really like this album, but I LOVE The Heist. Would recommend both to anyone that like Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' radio hits.
&#34;American&#34; is a HILARIOUS song! I was pleasantly surprised to hear such a funny satirical song from Macklemore.  I shared it with friends and I believe they too are now Macklemore fans.
I love this album. When I first heard it, I was very impressed.  The beats, the lyrics, the flow and delivery have that basement grit and grime.  It was all good until that one emcee who sounds like RZA got on the mic.  At first, it was cool, then I couldn't get RZA outta my head.  The dude sounds so similar to RZA that it started buggin me.  It's not that he's a bad rapper, in fact he's very good, but it's like he's trying to sound like him that bugs me.  Speech impediment or not, it's pretty annoying.  Other than that, the album is worth a purchase, and would have been a five start album had it not been for that one emcee.
Scarface is a rap music vet/icon; 20 years in the game releasing good music (he has 11 solos, 1/2 dozen or so Geto Boys albums, a few Facemob albums, and his "The Product" group album... I might add that all are at least 4 star albums as well) and he continues to carry on his tradition of making good music.  This one has 16 songs (2 are remixes of other songs, so it's 14 different songs).  of them, 2 are near classic, 2 are ok, the others are good or real good songs.  He has 4 solo's on here, and there's 2 songs Face isn't on.  Production is nice as well, though no credits are given.  As always Face drops above average material here, and stays true to his roots on the content.  A nice album to have from teh real KING of the SOUTH.#1 - 9.5 (tight beat -- only 16 bars)#2 - 8.5 (f/ B James & Monk Kaza -- nice relaxing beat)#3 - 9.5 (f/ Young Malice & Lo Ke -- nice beat,  Face throwing a dis back at old homie, Big Mike)#5 - 8.5 (f/ B James & Monk Kaza)#6 - 9 (f/ B James, Monk Kaza, Rodney Grant)#7 - 9 (short 16 bars with Face dissing the D.A. -- nice beat)#8 - 8 (Will Hen, Monk Kaza, B James -- no Face)#9 - 9 (f/ Monk Kaza & B James -- nice beat)#10 - 8.5 (f/ Young malice)#11 - 8.5#13 - 8 (f/ B James & Monk Kaza)#14 - 7.5 (B James solo)#15 - 8 (f/ Lo-Ke & OC)#16 - 6.5 (f/ Paparue)#17 & 18 are remixes of #2Brad Jordan -- b. 11/9/1970 -- b. San Antonio, TX, moved to Houston, TXCheck all my reviews
Think Fatboy Slim or Cornershop - only with Bluegrass and Hip-hop.  Catchy beats, solid bluegrass, and (mostly) badass vocal performances make this an album that leaves you swaggering.  An enjoyable listen for anyone looking for something new.
I bought this on a recommendation from a friend. At first, I kind of liked it, but the more I listened, the more the unique blend of sounds gained my appreciation. I enjoy when one of their songs pops out of my speakers and slaps me out of the boredom of work.
This album, apart from the occasional vulgarity, really keeps a party moving.  When I played it at my sister's graduation party people started drinking a lot more punch and laughing more and partying when it was on.  Super A++
Great track selection and guest spots. Edan ripped it on his track. If you bought Sloppy Seconds, Taxachusetts is a must.
I appreciate the many facets of Kelly's music (Jazz, R&B, Funk....). He covers a lot of ground with his guitar and while professional in his play, it sounds like he is having a great time just jamming. I own both of his CD's and am pleased with both. Very entertaining music. A great artist.......
This is a pretty decent debut album from an up-and-comer in the Christian music scene.  The album as a whole is pretty rough in places, but &#34;Our Mission&#34; and &#34;Reality of Hell&#34; are really good singles. &#34;My Example&#34; is obviously a very personal song; DJ3 does a good job, but doesn't sound like his brother &#34;CMJ&#34; was given the same talent.  Can't wait to hear DJ3's next album and see how this artist develops.
Kids are really engaged in music. Also, the cd artists tries to incorporate conceptual understanding within the lyrics of each song
Use it in groups at K-5 school. The kids like it. It could use a lyric sheet to improve recitng skills but they pick up after a while.
A lot better than I had anticipated. This Faust CD should (surprisingly) delight most old school fans - even though they team up with Dalek, a hip-hop band from Newark, New Jersey. Most fans of krautrock, progressive, space rock, psychedelic or any similar genre or cross-genre will most likely not be a fan of hip-hop. This, however may be a way to get that form of music to blend in - with this particular crowd. Liked the seven-minute opener "Imagine What We Started", the eight-minute (powerful) epic "Dead Lies" with a truly awesome display of organ, drums and Steven Lobdell's guitar playing, "Bullets Need Violence" and "Collected Twilight" (where we clearly get to experience Michael Stoll and Zappi Werner Diermaier's rhythm abilities). "T-Electronique" lured me to dig up my copy of the band's 1999 reunion 'Ravvivando' CD to later give it a spin. A should-have.
Ab-Soul, Kendrick Lamar, Schoolboy Q, Jay Rock, BJ the Chicago Kid and the TDE movement are the next chapter of hip-hop music dominance. They are on the rise and this is one of Schoolboy Q's great contributions to that movement. Keep your eyes out for these dudes in the next few years, they could be really major.
Comrade Fatso is a skinny white Zimbabwean dude who probably lives in danger of his life every single day. This album got immediately banned in Zimbabwe, and if you listen to it, you wonder why. Is it because he poisoned his boss' dog because its food cost more than his entire family lived on? Or is it because of mild lines like:They live in comfort,Because of our sweat,They live in credit,Because of our debt.(Come to think of it, that doesn't sound all that different than the USA in 2011: do you have any sense of just how few people nowadays control 90% of the money in this country?)Fatso is interesting and earnest, and of course his Zimbabwe band starts out red-hot and only then thinks about warming up. The band alone is good enough reason to get this album, but his guests are what really make it. Outspoken is a gorgeous rapper who could go toe-to-toe with anybody, but I doubt he'd be interested.And then there's Chiwoniso. If you're an American, she'll probably confuse you, because she's also an American, and yet plays the mbira like few others, and like no woman EVER before her. That's because she's a child of Dumisani Maraire, the mbira demi-god who settled in the Seattle area here and promptly spawned an amazing number of offspring, legitimate and otherwise. He obviously also taught this daughter the mbira, and perhaps recommended she do what she did: move back to Africa and become a Force of Nature, which is what she now is.Listen to the samples. Give it a listen on the Cloud, but these guys are doing good things, so buy the damn thing.
Great album. DJ Drama puts it down with Lil' Wayne. One problem, I don't know if it was because the song is anti-establishment, but "Georgia...Bush?" wasn't on the store bought album. The CD can't be a complete body of work without that song. Otherwise simply amazing.
This EP is Great and the flows are sick and it is a great buy if you like original a lyrical Hip Hop.
First things first,,,,,,,,, "10 over 10" & "Share my blessings" totally rock, then when you rocking out with your friends, kick it with "Duro ft YQ" & "Skimpololo". but overall the whole Album was awesome, BTW if you understand Igbo, you will feel it even more.Yes Boss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This album is a SUPER one indeed!!! Love the beats and the lyrics!!! My favorite songs are:Ten over Ten (My Fave, I Love this song so much!!!!)Other Faves:Super C SeasonAfruru'm Gi Nanya (I Luv U) feating WajeAko Mi Ti Poju (My Shakara is Too Much)SkimploloDuro5 and 6Ex-Girlfriend featuring Dakta FrabzShare My Blessings featuring AsaRide With Me featuring Sway & Lukie DGet yourself a copy!!!
This is a great CD....Wilk is a young artist from the Pittsburgh area. His style is one of a kind and reminds you of Jadakiss with a twist of Eric B. My favorite cuts on this CD are 1. Hello...this song needs a video quickly.... Beat is hot....Get Ya Sh_t and Go!....track is hot..Period. I love Poor Man's vision....SPEAKS THE TRUTH.... Man whoever is doing the beats for this CD...is coming up! I am feeling this music and its message.........
I love RJ and I saw him while he was on this tour last year (not at the show where this album was recorded, though). The show was spectacular, but unfortunately this album just doesn't quite capture it. I know it's not fair to judge the album against the live performance, but given how mind-blowingly awesome RJ was live, it has colored my opinion of this album. Don't get me wrong, though: the album is very good and will be in heavy rotation of my mp3 player and in my car. Even if you own all of RJ's albums, I wholeheartedly recommend adding this to your collection.Highlight:The live version of "The Horror." The combination of band/sampling/dj is fantastic here. Makes a classic track better.Low points: "Donkey Kong." Good for a chuckle, but it loses something without being able to see what RJ is doing. (Youtube it!)Also, the absence of "Exotic Talk" is strange. Live, I thought it was the best song he and the band played.
This is definitly for the stalwart Wu-tang Clan fans. Some of it extremely experiemental, some is down right silly. But when bangers come on, it gives you what you'd expect from RZA production.
i forgot how I came across this but anyway this was a dope purchase &#34;ishe&#34; is sexy as all get out and can  sang and Hezekiah make dope beats together they are a very dynamic duo..
Nice Album. Real mellow and smooth. A real nice listen. I would recommend this as well as his second album Lessons In Love & Life Volume 2: The Pleasures In Pain
I thought the album had a nice underground authentic hip hop sound;  not overproduced.  Reverie is doing her thing in the independent scene!
I loved the YouTube videos; love his philosophy. He might just be much better in person, but the album sounds a little rough around the edges.
bought album after previewing work on amazon and YouTube.  Nice sound and will probably expand his range in his style of play.  He is musician to really watch and listen to.
great Job...big shoot out to Ded & Eud atansyon pouw pa pran nan limye wouj.i finally nd definitly love all tracks on this craziest album.
After 2 solid albums with the group Mystik 703, Eud & Ded Kra-Z come out with Limy&egrave; Wouj, an album where the 2 of them decide to go beyond just the hip-hop genre and offer a more eclectic sound. To accomplish that, they invite a diverse yet impressive list of artists: from the multi-talented BIC to the new sensation group ZATRAP, the guests hold their own throughout the album. "Jan Nou Viv"'s quality is no doubt enhanced by the presence of Boukman Eksperyans' Lolo's great voice, while Shabba (from Djakout Mizik) gives "Rele Polis" a crossover flavor. The album is very solid despite some flaws.On the negative side, a couple of the songs in here are quite dated (They've been released almost 5 years ago), making it feel like the duo rushed in the end to release the album and ran out of inspiration.Tracks that stand out:- A Dans Mizik La- Mwen Anvi- Jan Nou Viv (feat. Lolo)- Sa Se Pwezi (feat. BIC)- Reyalite Peyi Pam (feat. Squaddy)
Their were some Hip Hop R&B that I had not heard in quite some time it was nice to listen some the old Hip Hop from back in the day.
I'm jamming to every song on this album! I love it, but there are only two songs that sound very different from the original. I still love them though.
Being born well before the golden era, and seeing it evolve mostly as a listener, it's good to hear some music that speaks to the adult demograhic for a change. Nowadays with with these adults trying to recapture, if not prolong, their adolescence, this album is a sound for sore ears. Everything is on point. From lyrics to subject matter. Personally, I would have liked a little more boom bap. Teaching and entertaining, the album delivers.
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MSIt bounced out of my speakers teasing me, jazz with a hip hop vibe. Who would have thought it? Turns out I'm actually behind the times. The band Us3 has been together since 1990. It's just that they've been across the ocean primarily touring in places like England, France, Italy and Poland. Their eighth album,  Lie, Cheat & Steal, is available by digital distribution only in the U.S. through The Orchard. It features NY based Puerto Rican rapper/spoken word artist Oveous Maximus, and acclaimed UK rapper (& MOBO Award winner) Akala.This strange blending of traditional jazz with electronica and rap is the brainchild of British producer and composer Geoff Wilkinson.I especially like the opening cut "Ghost" and the horn-heavy rifts behind the title cut "Lie, Cheat & Steal.""I've become increasingly disillusioned by the people we, as children, are traditionally brought up to look up to. Politicians, police, business leaders, sportsmen, religious leaders, etc. all seem to be up to their eyeballs in corrupt practices. The gap between the haves and the have-nots is widening at an increasing pace. Is this what a democracy should look like, where it's ok to lie, cheat and steal your way to the top?," Geoff said.The familiar Us3 sound features collaborators past & present, including fiery horn players Ed Jones (sax) and Bryan Corbett (trumpet). A variety of keyboard players take the chair including John Crawford, Mike Gorman, Barry Green, Tim Vine, Neil Angilley, and John Turville. Double Bass is handled by Chris Dodd, and DJ First Rate shows off his turntable trickery again.If you want to experience the future of a new music coming to our shore soon, pick up a copy of Lie, Cheat & Steal and you'll be there before most are.
You have to see a band like this LIVE to really appreciate the music but this recording goes a long way to capturing the spirit of a live Anesthetized show. Forever Haunted is already a classic. Although not representative of the rest of their work, I especially like the opening track, Omnipresence. The jacket art work captures the spacey feel of this track perfectly. If I were more into death metal I would have given this a 5 stars review. I'm probably in the minority but I hope the next album is less hardcore and shows off more of the musicianship of this band. Get out the headphones and black light!
Good start. I esp like track number 4 (Cycles of Demise). 2:05 and on on that track sounds awesome! Keep it up!
incredible lyricism and narratives throughout.Burning Tire Artisan'--an amalgam of the personal and the political is his most recent full length effort. Produced by Staten Island native Ali Abidi, the album features Amitava Kumar, Willie Perdomo, Toki Wright, Haysoos, Ardamus, Anand Subramanian, Rainman, and Mo.
"Battle of the Soul" is the latest release from Flint, Michigan native Khalfani, aka Pvt. Militant, and independent Hip-Hop artist with a hardcore lean.  The seven-track EP (the official follow-up to his 2004 LP "One Man Against Many") is self-produced, and throughout features topics that finds the artist battling for Hip-Hop music's soul.  Khalfani's political stances will remind listeners of Dead Prez, Public Enemy, and Brand Nubian.Standout tracks include "Let the Choir Sing", "Khalfani is King", and the title track, where the artist heavily criticizes lazy Hip-Hop artistry, lax standards in political activism and corruption in the entertainment industry.  The artist wrestles with his own lothario side on "It's on Again", where he makes a series of 2Pac-like come-ons to a ladyfriend.For open-minded listeners looking for street-rap that has some alternative themes, "Battle of the Soul" shouldn't disappoint.
you can tell by some of the songs that they aren't the original artists but they do a fantastic job...great memories! :)
Great sound from a new movement that not only has feel, but spirit as well. Definitely give these guys a go.
I like the Ray Charles version so this one is close enough to almost capture the feeling. The artist has a great voice.
I needed some music for an event we were having for kids. I purchased this so that I could avoid inappropriate language. I played this loud and it still sounded good. Good purchase.
Great album, one of my prideful though sinful (due to amazon) finds on Ramazon (ha ha).  Anyways, the Good Sin is not only introspective but also creative Hip Hop.  It is too bad that the airwaves are congested with utter crap, that all looks and smells the same
Though not revolutionary, Shtar do their craft well.  The songs are well written, the production value is tight, and there are some good hooks in the tracks.  I bought it a few days ago and have listened to this album many times already.  That's a great sign.Ortho-hipsters will love this, as will people who have never heard a word of Hebrew in their lives!
I have to say it feels like a breath of fresh air to listen to music that is not only good but classy. It's nice to hear positive messages instead of the same old cars,cash,women blah blah blah. Loved it!
60 tracks over 3 discs. somewhere in there there's a 12 track album as good as My Ghetto Report Card and The Ball Street Journal if not better. the other 48 songs would have been better left on the cutting room floor. here's the track list of the album as i listen to it:from disc 1:nothingfrom disc 2:1> i'm laced2> the other day ago3> with the sh*t4> hittin a lickfrom disc 3:5> be you6> it's curtains7> stove on high8> get loose9> gargoyle serenade10> on his top11> get ya weight up12> salute you
I have no idea why the one guy on here gave a bad review like E-40 didn't even try and threw this together. Song after song this is getting played in my ride (I drive all night doing security and with 60 songs I can go for hours before I want something else). When I first did a sample of each song i wrote down 15 or so songs that I wanted to buy alone, good thing i just went with buying the whole album cuz i swear there are at least 20 more I can hit repeat on.Im not going to go through my favs and the ones i didn't like cuz its all about each persons taste. I do love "Outta Town" but like I said there is plenty on this album to roll too. Just because its not on the radio don't mean it aint a hit to me cuz believe me most radio hits to me aint really hits.
This is my review of the new Album by J Speed titled Into Ne Ves Deep. His style of rapping is easy to listen to. His topics are relative to general life issues and his metaphors I can connect with. I like several tracks on this album to include 2-Precious Moves, 5-Bonafide Chase and 11-Game shoes. The beats are great. My only cons to this is the tracks are all under 4 mins. Which makes for short play on an mp3 player. Overall I like this artist and look forward to hearing more of his work.
It's been nearly ten years since the seeds of Midwest Hype first sprouted. Singer/guitarist George Matthew Prellowitz met drummer Max Kepler and bassist Nate Miller and the three began jamming together. Moving on the Ball State University together, they later added Kevin Krismanich (keys), Ben Morrisey (sax) and Scott Whitford (trumpet). The band's eclectic mix of hip-hop, reggae, funk and jazz have made them a local Indie favorite in Chicago, and with the addition of MC Justin "Ideal" Diehl in 2010, Midwest Hype seems as if they have finally come of age. Their latest release, the Steven Gillis (Filter) produced Dayglow, plays on the band's strength and musical diversity to create a true listening experience.Dayglow kicks off with the wonderfully flowing mish-mash of "Behind Our Eyes", vacillating between ska-tinged pop and rap. The song is all about making the most of the day but never losing hope over chances missed. The horn section helps to fill out the sound and make it all flow together. "Elastic Booty Shorts" is all about having a good time and enjoying the moment. With rap verses and a spoken/song chorus, this song has all sorts of commercial appeal given current musical mores. "All Is Water" digs in with a sophisticated island groove blended with a pop-ballad sensibility. In another era this would be top-40 gold; as it is expect this to be a concert favorite for the band (lighters and cell phones).Midwest Hype gets a generic reggae groove on for what turns out to be a middle of the road pop ballad. The instrumentation here is complex and enjoyable, but the song itself just never quite takes off. Things get a bit edgier on the motivated and energetic "Do Or Die". Everything falls into place for Midwest Hype on this number, an eminently catchy and danceable number that plasters itself to the inside of your skull and declares residency the first time you hear it. Dayglow closes on a full-on reggae groove in the form of "People Of America", a celebration of our ability to make the most of our own world. "People Of America" takes the current mood of national pessimism and turns it around, putting the responsibility for tomorrow where it has always been, in our own hands. Along the way, Midwest Hype pays tribute to Bob Marley's "Don't Give Up The Fight" with a four-line melody snippet that recurs as the primary theme.Midwest Hype isn't all hype on Dayglow, seamlessly blending rap, reggae, jazz, pop and R&B; into a multi-rhythmic confection that just might turn out to be pop gold. There have been bands before Midwest Hype who have tried to bring all of these sounds together, but it would be hard to find one who has done it better. The ideas behind Dayglow are positive, idealistic and full of the energy of youth. Folks over thirty or gone cynical might have a hard time digging the lyrical wash that Midwest Hype creates. Anyone still seeing the world through rosy lenses will dig Dayglow hard. Anyone who has moved on will be reminded of what the world looked like when they were young. - Wildy's World
"Militant Interdisciplinary Consciousness (M.I.C.)" is a solid album of real Hip Hop.  No car, club, women rap, just that conscious raw underground stuff!  This album has content & paints a picture (at least in part) of U.S. society & the struggles of today.  The album contains content about war, politics, poverty, commercialism, the declining state of the music industry, art, life, survival, & more!!!BUY THIS ALBUM IF YOU LIKE REAL MUSIC & SUPPORT THIS ARTIST!!!!
Pick this up... great from start to finish...sounds awesome in my car... something for chilling at home or riding to the club...
Good production.  Great features by VD and Insane Poetry.  Stand-out songs are "Alliance Of The Risen" and "Stretch Game."  Good buy for underground hip-hop fans.
i love devin and screwed and chopped music, and this deejay sincere dude didn't disappoint.  he's pretty good i love how he scratches on the beat.  i'd buy other mixes from him...he did his thing on "doobie ashtray."
This album is a great ambient (chill-out) piece of work. In addition, there is a presence of groove in some of the songs. It's a cool album indeed.
HD Tha Goer Goin Hard On This One  !!!I Can Hit The Gas Station Fill'r Up And Go To This All DayYou Hear Me Mane  !!!
Razakel's cd was on sale so I bought the digital copy. Was worth my money. I've been down with razakel for awhile now. I think we met on Myspace. LOL. Let's collab someday! -The Famous Butter. twitter me or instagram.
I don't know what happened to this guy, but this is a great bunch of songs. I hope he does more in the future..
get it just for jumping clouds. She's a beast, so I got it to support her, but her mixtape stuff is CRAZY great. I feel this is a little watered down, but the jumping clouds beat will have you bringing it back so much you wont even hear the rest of the album. Love nitty, FYI due to a sacrificed phone I bought this album 2 times. She definitely is talented but many songs I already had (is this thing on, flower child, no standing here, auntie maria's crib....and you should definitely say that's a remix, because the OG auntie maria's crib was waaaay better). But I would say get it because the game is weak, especially with female artists, and this one comes strong.
BUT IT SUPPORT SUPPORT BUY IT SUPPORT BUY IT GO BUY ALL IMMORTAL TECHNIQUES ALBUMS & SINGLES YOU READ MAN  PEACE !!
I've seen them in concert  a couple of time and I would go see them again. They put on a great show. Always fun to watch. And this download is just a reminder of the show.
I especially love the beats.  Benyomen is enthralling. My favourite tracks are 1, 2, 6, and 9.There are great collaborations; Rinat Gutman, Uneek, Saadyah Tzvi, Juda, Adi Abraham, Jaenice, Sagol 59, and O.B.D.Can't wait to hear more from Benyomen!
This is another old school sounding album with a 90s appeal and real NICE lyrics.  The duo, HexOne & Tek-Nition, join forces with Luxembourg producer Jesse James to deliver a strong album with a cohesive atmosphere.  I was aware of their previous album but did not give a gander, looks like it was the incorrect choice.  Jesse James delivers a solid performance with subtle non-vocal samples, strong bass lines and classic boom-bap drums but it gets a bit repetitive as a lot of the tracks tend to have a similar elements, instruments and sounds.  Epidemic performs beautifully with an on point flow and a complex multi-syllable rhyme scheme with strong focus and direction.  Pretty damn great album.
This may be Bambu's last album, so I was expecting a close-to-perfect album. Don't get me wrong, I still think Bambu is the nicest Filipino on the mic, and he certainly delivers here lyrically and content-wise. There's a number of great beats here. But I was hoping there would be more.Good, solid album for sure, though. Pick it up.
This album is a nice blend of Filipino pride, conscious rap, and Bambu's West Coast post-gangster off-kilter flow. This well-read emcee wears his chin-checking street credibility like a merit badge, but more often than not, the lyrics on "...One Rifle Per Family" are pretty heartfelt and sincere. Bambu advocates reading and educating oneself (yes, there is a song about seducing chicks with books), dismisses public education as irrelevant, and of course encourages people to take up arms against... whatever.If you like post-NWA Ice Cube or Dead Prez (I do), you'll pro'lly enjoy this. I have always enjoyed the blend of conscious and gangster, and that's pretty much what you'll get on "...One Rifle Per Family".Bambu has no problem keeping his songs fun and jamming while he drops that info on you, either. After listening through a few times, I'd say high points include the Jake One produced "Boom", the unemployment rap music joint "Th Es***" (f/ Sick Jack), and of course the Chops-produced single "Rent Money" (with Rocky Rivera). But I bet if I listen to it more, I would have different favorites. Good Stuff...-samax.GhettoManga Quarterlycomics. hiphop. news. art. culture
With FG being from my home town, i had a lot of high expectations for this album. Some of my choice cut's are the hard, kush cloud, and bout it. It's a solid effort that should be added to any hip hop fans collection.
Take The Stares is awesome and should serve as DFD's breakthrough project! it's hard to believe this guy has been slept on so long. I'd love to see him sign with someone like Kanye West. They'd make some serious music together
Sadat X will always be one of the most original lyricists in the game. Solid work here that should be recognized.
grey album super glad he's under a little whites label Lil Wyte is the true talent in the South rap game
The album is pretty good with a lot of solid tracks. Each track is a song you could vibe to all day long. Great inspirational tracks and is a good album to purchase
Thank you brother for putting out a dope album that does not have a single N-word on any of the tracks.  Lyrics are thoughtful and creative.  Beats tight as always.
Gives new life to the album original.Can't get this version out my consciousness.Original is titled &#34;Birds of a Feather&#34;
PRODUCTION: 5/8VOCALS: 6/8CONTENT: 6/8ENJOYMENT: 7/8GRADE: BA different and refreshing take on bully rapPROS- consistent atmosphere with a diversity of tracks- aggressive and direct lyrics with a good bit of humourCONS- production is a little similar and repetitive
I've been watching True Wine Connoisseurs since Sadat X and Will Tell started the show. I always wondered what kind of work they were putting in. After watching for a couple years, it's cool to hear the end product of all that wine consumption. All the guests were on the show at one point or another.This is definitely not your typical stuffy wine drinking set. Pure hip hop all the way. Sadat hooks up with DMC for a true old school throwback on "Here we go Again". "Planet of the Grapes" features Jairobi and Dres, and completely fits the album theme. Fresh album from beginning to end, and probably the first with a wine theme. Definitely worth the money. Sadat and Will Tell did it again!Abunganza!
Sometimes phenomenons come around.  In the late 90's, it was the &#34;Macarena&#34; - perhaps the most addictive, annoying song/dance to grace music. Say what you will, &#34;Macarena&#34; was a no. 1 hit.  In 2013, it is &#34;Harlem Shake&#34;, an instrumental dance single from dance/hip-hop producer Baauer that has prompted numerous youtube videos.  The music itself is repetitive and minimal much like most dance music, but hearing it only once makes you want to 'bust a move'.  Styled in hip-hop sensibility, the groove is simple unforgettable.  4 enthusiastic stars!
Good tune.. Obviously a great dance number.. I listen to it once each way coming to and from work and it gets my day going.
Every time I listen to this song, it reminds me of the YouTube videos of people doing the Harlem Shake.
If you like her music like I do. You won't be disappointed. She always makes a few songs you got to keep on repeat. Dope Diary isn't any different. I like the idea you can download straight to your laptop and listen now. Instead of waiting a few days to come in the mail.
today my baby girl was playing on my phone and somehow she opened soundcloud and scrolled down my feed to find track 04 "don't be sad ones" and she played it for ages (rare for her to leave anything for long) she pushed the phone in my face so i could listen to the lyrics and i did and they were a source of encouragement to me.there are some gems here, that much is clear upon first listen. what's also clear is that it's a deep album, full of complex textures and lyrical mysteries. this is the unfiltered voice of a free man. more than that, it can help to free our minds too...
Not only can she spit with the best of them but she possesses great content. Add to that top notch production and you have one dope album!!
This music track is off the chain, it's great to dance to and party with friends to. OG3 really has a sound no other Rap artist can match awsome music .
I just listened to this 5 times and really love itEspecially the Mystical shift in the music and lyrical style when Krishna reveals his Cosmic formI hope you produce more songsSober Buddha
From the word go, this album draws you in with a lyrical flow and infectious groove.  It's rare to find an album in which every song has a certain hook that sparks the ear.  Who are these guys and where did they come from?  They've got a sound you'd definitely love to hear live.  This is one of those albums you can listen to repeatedly any never tire of.  Great stuff!  Hope to hear more.
Always been a gucci fan since day one and he is never disappointing...well maybe sometimes...but i liked more then 5 Songs on this CD so i gotta give it a 5 Star rating Burrrr!~
Ok, sounds Gucci af. Ice cream Gucci mane with the diamond grill etc. dudes live. I'd by fire from him prob
gucci mane returns with traphouse 3. growing up on the first one i expected it to be just like it. but it wasn't.! shocker so your thinking its bad. not exactly its a well put together album a few throwaway songs but overall gucci trys to reinvent himself even going as far to say hes not the mayor of east atlanta anymore. you can tell he grows of the pettyness of the industry. shocked me that choosin wasn't put on album goes to show you gucci mane does what he wants that he doesnt give a f. trap star turned vocalist this time around not as good as 1 or 2 but different likeable even.best songsnumber 5 hell yesnumber 6 i heardnumber 14 point in my life
This one of Gucci best albums, plus everyone in the squad has there own style. Nice cd overall. Hope it comes out on cd.
I wish I could give it a 4.5 but there no half stars on Amazon. At any rate, Fred delivered another crazy album for all the people who want to hear that real rap. I don't know how this dude is so dope in any form or style of music but that it factor this dude has it and then some. It's obvious why the industry won't let him in properly because there really wouldn't be room for the frauds. If you from the Mid-west and you know the G then think new improved CCA or Psychodrama. Yeah that's right!! For those of you new to Fred this album is run up in yo house music. That's the type of production he has on here for the most part but the lyrics are still as sharp regardless of beat so don't sleep on this because it will definintely be a top 10 hip-hop album of the year. Enjoy!!
Freddie Gibbs delivers once again. If you enjoyed any of his previous projects this one does not disappoint. I could rattle off a list of the best songs but that would diminish the potency of the album as a whole. From track 1 to the last track 'murder dem' you get the best example of gangsta rap since Tupac. Gibbs is one the the best out right now. If you're undecided about buying it take a listen to 'Eastside Moonwalker' or 'Freddie Soprano'.  Now get to downloading!
again, they're never topping 3rd eye vision, 93 till infinity, or even some of the solo albums.  i think sleeprockers got wayy too much control on this album, could've done with half of the dj stuff.  overall solid tracks though, at first listen it was a 3, after like 5 listens i can give it a 4.  you gotta let this one grow on you.  i am not feeling the beat to livin it up AT ALL, but the rest of the beats are nice
If you liked them before then there is no reason for you not to cop this album! Beats...lyrics... wordplay... the whole package in an album.
An interesting part of being any sort of immortal entity is that the times change around you. When I got into Hiero, the world was fundamentally different. No 9/11, no global recession, in many ways a brighter environment to enjoy music in. In that world, Hiero was a star. Third Eye Vision is in the top 5 of hip hop albums, and that's applying charity to everyone else out there. But the world has changed, and Hiero has somewhat had to change with the world. That's liable to happen when you are in the game for 20 years.Music-wise, this release is about as good as Hiero's previous efforts. The album delivers the same sort of funky, underground beats on the two earlier albums, and the distribution of lyrical responsibility is similar to Full Circle. I was concerned about who &#34;The Sleeprockers&#34; were, but they make some interesting musical collaborators. Note the ending to Partly Me, which on first listen seems like a CD malfunction, but now seems like some talented spinning out weighting the quality of the song. Watch how a Del spit in Golden later becomes an intro to a song. The Sleeprockers' presence on this album is similar to Automator on Deltron 3030. In the Hiero world, that's high praise.Content wise, however, this seems weaker than earlier Hiero efforts. Hiero has it's origins in freestyle battles, sure, but it's been 20 years, and keeping up with the crew, I know that several now have masters degrees, and most have families. You'd figure that would be a wellspring for a lot of interesting experience and storytelling, but the content has remained at best similar, and at worst has regressed. Compare &#34;At The Helm&#34; to this album's &#34;That Merch.&#34; One is an ultra insightful delving into human existential agility delivered by Hiero standout Del. Pep Love's stand and deliver solo effort is likewise well delivered, but essentially what he's talking about is busting caps (Gun Fever) and boinking bitches (that he met at the merch booth, in the car In &#34;All is above so be low&#34;) and the same mercantile bragging as we could get in a Lil Wayne or Jay Z release. Ironically, the album's standout verse is delivered by the Hiero member that on Third Eye Vision seemed the most like a &#34;typical&#34; rapper. The verse in question is Casual's quixotic Madden playing in the face of grating family responsibility, and it is one of the moments on the album where music and rapping seem to be at the level we might expect from a mature Hiero crew.I may sound critical, but that's just because my expectations of these guys are so high.  When they do well, like Third Eye Vision, they are the best, but their brand has been tainted a bit by one too many &#34;Eleventh Hours,&#34; and they need to realize that only by releasing innovative music and lyrics, will they be able to combat a fan base that is aging, hurting for money, and moving on to other things, and a music industry that has radically altered since they began their imperium. I enjoyed this album greatly, and it's a common move for me to turn off the radio when I hear Hiero &#34;fan&#34; Mackelmore, and submerge myself in some real hip hop such as Gun Fever or Golden, but I still find myself wanting better.
I love the cover and the lyrics are nice beats are OK but good showing all together don't listen too the 2 star rating he don't make any sense he blind
I have loved these guys since 93. Here's to 20 years of classic hip hop. There's definitely some more classics here with mixtape appeal.
Yet another classic from one of my favorite local groups. Solid album from beginning to end. Can't wait for Hiero Day #3.
NOT REALLY A RAP FAN BUT YOU DID YOUR THING WITH THIS ONE CAN'T WAIT FOR MORE MUSIC FROM YOU.
In his most recent publicity bio, Philadelphia-based rapper Marcus Alexander, a.k.a., Philly Black, candidly discusses some of the hardships he suffered growing up.  In addition to having an abusive father, who his mother got away from when he was a kid, Philly Black experienced hardcore poverty.  Rappers who describe those types of hardships in their publicity bios often come out with angry, thuggish albums.  But Who I Be, Philly Black's third album, isn't like that at all.  This 2013 release never ventures into gangsta rap territory, and it isn't confrontational or in-your-face.  Instead, Philly Black favors alternative rap, offering a lot of reflective, philosophical lyrics and sometimes inspiring comparisons to another Philadelphia-based alterna-rapper: Kuf Knotz.Philly Black favors an introspective, contemplative tone on "Moment of Clarity," "The Come Up," "Winds of Change," "Food for Thought" and the title track.  He sometimes talks about the hardships he has experienced in life, but he doesn't do so in a bitter way.  Instead, a recurring theme on Who I Be is that what ultimately shapes a person is not the difficulties he/she goes through, but how he or she responds to those difficulties.  Much of the time, this is a serious-minded album.  Who I Be has a lot of substance, although Philly Black doesn't achieve that by going out of his way to prove that he's hard as hell; like many alternative rappers, he does so in an intellectual and contemplative way.But that is not to say that Who I Be doesn't have its fun moments. "Philly Live," for example, is a great party groove and an infectious shout out to the city he grew up in (although he was born in Annapolis, Maryland).  And another party groove on this album is "Smoke On," which references a subject that everyone from Tone Loc to Schoolly D to Snoop Dogg to Cypress Hill has rapped about: marijuana.  Hip-hop certainly wasn't the first musical genre that had marijuana songs: there were plenty of them back in the jazz world of the 1930s and 1940s ("If You're a Viper" and "Reefer Man," for example), and ganja has been a recurring theme in reggae.  But these days, hip-hop reigns supreme when it comes to marijuana anthems.  And Philly Black makes his contribution with "Smoke On."There was a time when hip-hop was dominated by tracks that were raw, tough and defiantly hard.  Back in the 1980s, East Coast hardcore rappers such as Run-D.M.C., LL Cool J and Boogie Down Productions often favored rugged tracks that emphasized drum beats, cuts and scratching rather than melody or harmony.  But Dr. Dre's sleek, polished grooves (first as a member of N.W.A, then as a solo artist) did a lot to move hip-hop producers in a more melodic direction, and his influence as a producer is still being felt in 2013. Who I Be, clearly, is on the melodic side.  Selections like "Be With You," "Moment of Clarity" and "Love, Peace, Understanding" aren't just about beats; they are also about melody and harmony.  Who I Be has plenty of rhythmic appeal, but the material also has a lot of melodic and harmonic appeal.  And many times, those melodies and harmonies recall 1970s soul.  Hip-hop heads who have a healthy appreciation of the 1970s productions of Kenny Gamble & Leon Huff (the producer/songwriters who founded of Philadelphia International Records), Isaac Hayes, Curtis Mayfield or Barry White should have no problem getting into the soul-drenched grooves on Who I Be.  The tracks that Philly Black raps to (some of which are downright lavish) skillfully merge a hip-hop beat with the polish of classic 1970s soul.In 2013, alternative rap continues to be a vital part of the hip-hop world.  And with Who I Be, Philly Black makes an engaging contribution to alternative rap.Philly BlackWho I BeReview by Alex Henderson4 stars out of 5
Glad to hear some new music from Aisha Sekhmet. It was definitely missing. The sound is different, a little more mature and laid back, this time, compared to the past albums.  May throw some off(or not). But she's still standing firm on her square, with her message and identity. I like that.
Not as good as word...life. But o.c. still has the same tradmark flow. Just the music could've been better. Still rocks though.
Show luvv and support the project!  You can't deny powerful messages are all up in this project, so build your spirit and jam too!
I personally have never been a fan mixing Gospel and rap, but this album has changed my mind on the idea! I can relate to the lyrics and I like the tracks. You can truly be blessed with this album, if you are seeking a message!
Track 4,19, & 22 were my favorites! If you are looking for a rap alternative that is Christ centered then look no more! I like the fact Marlon did not compromise the message of the gospel and kept Jesus Christ at the core of all of his tracks. I especially liked how he ended the Album, he didn't forget why he was delivering the message and the beats! Be blessed BIC(BROTHER IN CHRIST).........
Houston has done it again...another gifted minister of gospel music.  Marlon Johnson takes us on a powerful journey in his appropriately named album "The Journey of Marlon Johnson II Marlon in Christ".  This album will not only appeal to those who love gospel rap, but to those who love praise and worship of God!  This music will truly bless your heart and soul....
This young new Christian hip hop artist will take you on a journey.  This EP has 23 tracks!!!!  Each fresh and innovative with lyrics and beats different from the last.  Mr. Johnson is bringing the Southern flair to the world of Christian Hip Hop that engages the listener as it tells a story AND also ministers to your soul and ends with a call to salvation.  It is not cloudy and polluted but straight forward.  Mama is a tribute to his mother where he tells the truth about how he first felt about his Christian mother and how she raised him.  Now he can appreciate what she was accomplishing in his life.  Proverbs 31 relates to women to revere and uphold their virtuous qualities.  Marlon Johnson's music relates to both women and men and incorporates current events which makes it really relate to the listener.  &#34;Who Ya Wit&#34; tells of fighting a battle without a gun!  My favorites tracks are &#34;Who Ya Wit,&#34; &#34;Jesus&#34; which incorporates his personal testimony in the intro, &#34;Ain't a Stain on Me&#34; and &#34;Spirituality Check.&#34; These just happen to be my favorites, but it doesn't take away from the other tracks on the EP.  They all tell a story with their own beats and flow.  This is definitely a &#34;BUY!!!!&#34;  Play this at your Youth Group Meetings and you will get their attention.
Great job on your album M.I.C!! The beats are nice and the music is very catchy. In Christ Sis. T
This album is mostly just slowed down., minimal chopping. A classic, but unless you like slowed down tracks, stick with the original
Trapper the Rapper is a Arkansas rap pioneer. he do it his way everytime. and I support fellow Arkansan cause we all we got.
I really liked this mixtape. I am not a big fan of rap music anymore, but I always can get with T.I.. He is still one of the best out there. I just wish it wasn't all the explicit lyrics...
I can listen to the whole mixtape again and again! A lot of variety with a good balance. Of course different types of beats. Well done and a hit for 9 bucks
This album is so dope. At first it might be a hard listen but once you fully soak in all the subject matter thrown at you it all comes together. I've been a fan of Elucid since he been with Tanya Morgan, this album was my first introduction to Billy Woods. I think they have great synergy as a rap group. I highly recommend this album, dope rhymes and beats!
The artist wrote, sings, promotes and performs for pretty all his songs. He has some good potential and talent. Not many young artist can write, sing and even choreograph their own songs. Minus the explicits, there are some raw talent there.
Ice prince went hard on this one, and his bars have really grown. While he has gone international with his music,  he still keep the 9ja talk on the bars....which is a good thing for his career and fans connection. Additionally Wale was awesome in  tipsy! I like seeing his 9ja side it's really interesting to listen to as he is one of the best doing it right now. Anyway really good album. I will recommend this to any music lover any day.
This is probably the best 3/6 CD put out since When The Smoke Clears. And definitely better than anything after that. Getting as many of those that have left or only been a part of the camp for  a short time to all come back for one(so far) throwback CD didn't diminish the effect of the guests on the CD nor give it a campy feel. Juicy J's recent renaissance has only helped especially given how Paul would intro him, particularly on  Body Parts. Overall, a great return to the 3/6 that Memphis fans were accustomed to hearing.
Classic Three Six what's been missing from these commercial artist.  We need more of records like this.  REAL MUSIC LOVED IT
Any fan of Stoupe's work should check this out.  Some good music here.  I'm not familiar with the MC but he's pretty good.  The stand-out tracks to me are Dressed to Kill and Crumbs of the Crumbs.
If you are an E-40 fan then he doesn't disappoint with his extended album.  There's several nice jam on this joint.
This is a very creative piece.  It's from the perspective of a rogue, lone ninja and it actually has a lot of common sense in the lyrics.  The only downside is that the delivery of the lyrics doesn't change, it's pretty much the same rap style on each track.  I like it though.
I personally love linkin park and this band reminds me a lot of them, but not too much. I can't wait to see what this band comes up with next.
Obviously these guys are influenced by Linkin Park and Hollywood Undead, but they also seem to have their own sound as well. If you like bands like Manafest, Linkin Park or Hollywood Undead, you should definitely check this band out.
Coming from a Band I've never heard of or heard anything by, this is a pretty good album.  It may be short but some of the songs pack a serious punch.
Can't wait for more!  I don't usually buy albums with so few tracks, but I want to hear more from these guys.
Different style great lyrics nice beats I give it an 8 out of ten are constantly being played definite download