I've heard these guys play live when they were the opening act for The Ministry Of Unknown Science.These guys ROCK!It's not your typical New Orleans Jazz fare, there's a little funk, hip hop, gospel, and klezmer and who else knows what thrown into the mix.I know it sounds weird, but these guys make it work.Give a listen. You won't be disappointed, but pleasantly surprised!
First off, Optimus Rhyme is an incredible band through and through.Relative to their self-titled album, School The Indie Rockers seems a bit more expressive on the instrumental side, and a little less expressive on the lyrical. Stumblebee and Powerthighs work very well in putting together tight rhythms and catchy melodies, even sometimes laying on a vocal harmony (in tracks such as "LEDs" and "Ergonomic"). Grimrock is given much more time to shine, as shown on the drum/vocal track "Who Me" and particularly great solo in "Ergonomic". Wheelie does his job as well as ever, leaving room only for praise. This album is probably Optimus Ryhme's most dynamic work to date.
This album has been the biggest surprise to me in years.  I can't believe how good it is.  The lyrics are generally intelligent, clever, relevant, and sometimes political.  Billy Woods and all his guests flow smoothly over unique beats and well used samples.  This is one of only a few albums that I actually enjoy listening to all the way through.  This album is a must for anyone who enjoyed Can Ox.  Fans of atmosphere and aesop rock would also like this album, in fact it just may become your favorite.
simply amazing. listen to this if your trying to get away from music thats being created now. not that i hate that music but this kind of rap is another level
The Sandpeople reliably produce amazing stuff, but this is my favorite album. Lyrics for people that think, addicting beats and rich, enveloping arrangements. Check out Desert, Land of the Free, Semaphore, Masquerade, but there isn't so much as a dud here. The album should be experienced as a whole.Also, don't miss Sapient's truly brilliant solo work, as well as the Bad Neighbors album.
Unseen Famili : Compilation Vol 1 - Reveiw in THE BEATHere's a newly assembled posse of promising dancehall, hip-hop and r&b; talent known as the Unseen Famili, with artists such as E-Dee, Ms. Triniti, Junior P, Jahzmyne, Father Times and of course maestro Qmillion behind the boards. The mixtape kicks off with E-Dee on "More Girls" and Ms. Triniti on "Nah Go Hold Us Back" both over the "Sigi Tolo" riddim that makes it just impossible not to get into. By the time the puslating tonic of the "Got Milk" riddim flings Junior P's "Hot Ride" in, you'll certify this crew as legit especially with Junior P's never missing-a-beat flow on the mic. A seasoned veteran in the Rastafari family of djs, he demonstrates nuff experience in all of his recordings. Ms Triniti closes this intoxicating riddim's session with her "Fa da Luv of da Dancehall" but with more undiscovered riddims brewed in the sunny Unseen Lab of California, even a roots rub-a-dub, one drop "Freedom" riddim cooks up in this pot of bubbling talent where Junior P sings "They Should Have Known", while Irie Love on "Revival" blesses up melodic consciousness and Jahzmyne on "Fingertips" turns the direction towards more of a lovers rock feel, and just like great sex, you'll wish her singing wouldn't end. - Mr Marlon
I had the honor of meeting Mully in '06 in Atlanta, GA. At that time I was in a transition from mainstream "rap" back to true hip-hop. At that time I never heard of Mully and I saw him passing though the Centennial Tower lobby. He asked me for directions to HOT 107.9 floor in the building. So I asked was he an artist; he said yeah and showed me a CD. So me, I see a lot of same old sorry everyday wannabe "rappers" trying to get their CD's to DJ Drama. First, I asked him where he was from, he said Baltimore. Then I asked, are you any good?...Didn't mean to offend if I did, but the sorry stuff these guys bring though there and want to call music- makes you just want to shake your head. He offered to give me the CD for free and I told him I'll pay. That was the one of the best risks I've taken. The rhymes and the beats were exactly what I was looking for. Come to find out he has collaborated with some well known people. My favorite song on this album I would have to say is "The Leak". Long story short, this album is great. -Mully is on the side of real hip-hop. I hope the people at HOT 107.9 appreciated what he shared with them, because it was greatness if they didn't know-
I am Godfather's #1 fan. I give all of his work 5 stars. This is his first and only mainstream album. The album is more Houston-style than Pittsburgh-style, but I like all Godfather's work.
I saw F.I.L.T.H.E.E. Immigrants back in the psychopathic all-stars concert and they tore it up and ever since then they have been one of the best groups I listen too. One of the best albums I've ever heard. A must buy for people who love rap.
The real hip hop is over here! Great album worth the doe! All these classics from the 90s rock! Hip hop lives forever in this music!
Ok first of all... most people have never heard of Big Sty.  First time most heard of him was It's A Problem on mixtapes, trying to take that same route as 50.  Blah blah blah.  It's music.  Just enjoy it.  Good CD.  Lyrics are good stuff.  Can't Live Without You is a fantastic story rap.  Hood Luv is one of my favorite's however the song was released prior to the CD and the album version has a different beat to it.  The original beat is much more uplifting (odd word to use but... it works for the thought I have).  Definately worth the purchase.
Because Of a collaboration With the Late 2Pac Shakur It made me want to look up this Emcee to see what he brings to the table & what I heard made me realize his deleivery an Rythme style is clear why Shakur saw the talent however becasue its such an old cd almost no one has it on print for cheap but thanks to amazon's mp3 I was able to add this west side classic to my collection an any fan of the WEST-SIDE Hay day must add this jewell to the collection
THESE BEATS REMIND ME OF CMURDER/NO LIMIT old school style songs... it's a pretty good cd... The songs dissing 50 cent are actually really good. Definitely a must buy if you like gangsta rap.
Great sound, nice work ! I'll be waiting for your next album...You should have more songs in Spanish though :DSaludos desde Chile
This is a hot album with a lot nice tracks. It's good enough to let it play straight from start to finish. Promotion, Baby Ez Up and It's Just Game are probably my favorites. I had to purchase this album a second time after my PC died and it was worth it.
This is a great Christian hip-hop album by Sev Statik. Lots of throwback beats, good hooks, and Statik's adept lyricism. And while one of the songs does feature a lady rapper who goes by the name Explicit, the album does NOT contain explicit lyrics of any kind. Hopefully, Amazon will reevaluate this and remove the "Explicit" tag so people won't miss out on this great album.
The music is enchanting. The lyrics are enlightning.  Telmary's talent should not be kept a secret.  I had not stopped listening to her music since I purchased it
Volume one of "illy B Eats" is a collection of great break beats. This release is sure to be misunderstood given most listeners don't understand the nature of a break beat. A break is the instrumental part of a song that grooves between the choruses and verses. It becomes a break beat when the initial break is looped to become a new, continuous rhythm. Break beats are typically employed in hip-hop, rap or house/techo music. So the idea is that rather than lifting samples off a James Brown recording, here's a disc that's chocked with ready to use beats. By this point, breakbeat has even become its own musical genre. Naturally, this release is intended for DJs and producers -not home listeners. Most consumers will be unsatisfied listening to an album of two minute drum rhythms. To hear what Billy Martin's break beats sound like in a format intended for public consumption, get the illy B Eats Remixes. Now that this review is past the disclaimer, the question beckons -how do Martin's break beats sound? In a word, fantastic. Funk is the focus here, with occasional side trips into Rock, Dub and Brazilian sounds. 'Afropan' is wordly tune that features the balaphone with lots of digital delay. Most tracks in the series features Billy Martin riding solo on his drum kit. Additional layers of acoustic and electronic parts make this the most 'listenable' for the non-DJ. Furthermore, part one may be the most produced of the three CDs. The beats sound very typical of Martin's drumming on Medeski, Martin and Wood's funk infused projects. As with many of Medeski, Martin and Wood's albums, the artwork is done by Billy Martin himself. Anybody interested enough in volume one should probably just go for the jugular and get thebox setwhich features all three discs. DJs should jump on illy B Eats while most listeners should check out volumeoneandtwoof the remixes.
It's a great album. Still holds the test of time as it's still better than most of what is out todayPros:Good lyricsGreat beatsUnique style
Introduced me to a whole new experimental underground rap current I had no idea about before - The Project Blowdians. OMiD make another Ill compilation like this man!! Monolith was dope with Buck 65 and all but not enough emcees for me liking. I would kill to find a vinyl of this atom bomb of a compilation. Not a single bad song on the joint. And one of my all time favorite Freestyle Fellowship songs is on it &#34;When The Sun Took A Day Off and The Moon Stood Still...&#34; - &#34;Around my part of time the moon be in a hot air balloon to the moon!&#34; lmfao - such an awesome story track, and cool take on the classick Edgar Allen Poe short story. Don't sleep - you won't regret a cent if your into experimental hip hop in the vein of Def Jux, Anticon, The Sebutones (Buck 65 & Sixtoo), Rhyme Sayers, etc etc.
This is some great down south music!I loved the Florida Gators Football theme song," Gata Boys" track.Serious Crunk.
I bought this cd in a vending machine a LONG time ago have been searching for about 5 years looking for this. TY!!!!!!!!
This album takes it back to the essence.  They capture the four elements of Hip-Hop.  A must check out and add to your collection.  The album features a guest production spot from multi-platinum producer 4th disciple.
Breakmania v3 is the epitome of real Hip-Hop. Break beats is the foundation of Hip-Hop music and Break-dancing formed by North Jersey and the boroughs of NYC. These were the beats the DJ's use to get the party people up and dancing in the parks. The garbage we hear around the country today, with over sampled music by talentless DJ's from coast to coast is the water down version of "rap." This album will bring back the happy time of Hip-Hop and wash away the sullen sounds of today.Big up to Mark the 45 King
This is a Great album with a mix of genres.The menu of selections provides great food for listening.Fine Dining for the soul!
It's hard to go wrong with a &#34;greatest hits&#34; compilation from one of the most notable and influential hip hop duos of the last 25 years. A great place to start if you are unfamiliar with their music.
For the money you can't really do better if you're a Gang Starr fan.  There's another greatest hits album tha thas more content, but this one was a better deal for what I got.If you don't know Gang Starr: They made real hip hop.  Simple catchy beats with potent lyrics.  If you like early Nas, Mos Def, Black Star, MF Doom, etc, then you'll like Gang StarrOnly Negative is I wish "Work" was on this album, since it's a personal fav... but that's just me.
I love this CD now in 2013 for it to be so old.  I can hang with the CD's now.
Song is ingenious and inspiring. But I've listened to it about 50 times now, and still have no idea what it's about.
One of his best period,this is essential hip hop we need more music like this,had I had a radio station KRS ONE would be the staple diet 2 help purify the airwaves and mindz of the earth.
All I Have To Say Is &#34; SOUTH SIDE&#34;! This is for true south siders. If you love Lynch, you'll love this.
this is by far Africa's greatest effort in the western controlled hip hop industry. What is even the more amazing is that the album is independently produced making it all the more relevant. The production is just flawless BIG UP to Damian Stephen for a job well done. Though I only have a couple of songs off the album, I am lovin them so much that I am gonna get the entire album.
IF YOUR LOOKING FOR HARDCORE UNDER GROUND METAL THIS ALBUM IS GREAT MY FAVORITE IS EACH ONE TEACH ONE I THINK THIS ALBUM IS SUPERB BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY DONT HESITATE TO CLICK BUY AND FOR 89 CENTS YOU CANT BE THAT GREAT ALBUM
It's a push play cd. Each song on this cd is a banger. Heard it a million times before having to buy it for the collection
I bought this album when it came out.  OUTLAWZ always put out the realist music with the most essence in their verses.  Really listen to um... They don't talk about "bling."  They talk about the struggle, the have-nots & how to make it through this storm called life. O4L... Outlaw 4 Lyfe...
Amazing.  Gorgeous.  Inspired.  Layers on Layer's layered layer.  If Sunday went to a school, these lyrics would be the soundtrack and the beats the script.
Awesome if you like the old school rap from the nineties. Ice cube never disappoints. Westside Connection can rap good.
Since this group was not a long-lived group i thought I would be better over getting the greatest hits since there were not many albums from westside connection, and it really makes ice cube stand out more because he is still keeping it gangsta when it comes to his music and his lyrics and mack 10 and wc are real west coast rappers meaning they are not mainstream so it adds that vibe that I like from rap music.  It is also for people who do not like mainstream rap or what people call rap today, and all the rappers selling out for money and this is just for those who like gangsta rap and like west coast rap music.
got this album for i reason so i dont know why i would choose less than five stars so yea
This album is a terrific piece of West Coast rap history by the founder, Eazy-E.  Eazy-E went on to establish along with Ice-T the rap group NWA.  Eazy-E died way too young.  This is from a 67-year old white guy thinks this should be in any eclectic music collection unless they have Puritan leanings.
Having been a fan of Mumbles since the early Book of Human Language days, it is refreshing to hear this album... A little left field, but that is actually a welcome addition! The guest vocals and instrumentals mesh quite well for a deep journey into beats and vibes...
For you old schoolers, this is definitely an album to add to your music collection.  Although there is something so wrong with Dr. Dre saying, "I'm wearing nothing but a g-string on my hip" in the sond House Calls.  Yes, it's the same Dr. Dre that brought you the Chronic album.
This album is amazing -- a great follow up to Temporary Forever. It's not a long album, clocking in around 30 minutes or so, but, like Busdriver's other albums, it is dense. The album is pure jazz. Busdriver's flow mimics Coltrane in his wild years, riffing alongside samples drums and bass.  The album builds and builds until the final track, "Staring at the Sun," a 6 minute instrumental that's an amazing ride.If you're into Busdriver just a little, you must get this album. It's the kind of album that gets better the more you listen to it.
I was introduced to Busdriver via Beaus and Eros, which is a fantastic album, I loved his style of rhythm and flow dominating, and his stream of consciousness style of lyrics. I chose to further investigate the artist and I couldn't be happier that I did.  This album is jazz, hip hop, rock, electronic, and everything else you could hope for.  It delivers on instrumentals, lyrics, and flow.  I would recommend this album to anyone with a flair for the weird and an appreciation for all style of music.The fact this album isn't better known is a shame.
I remember picking up this gem in analog form years back at the basement anniversary show. Unfortunately that jewel got scratched up. Happy to have it unscathed via the internets with the ability to support a dope producer, yeea thanks amazons! keep rockin deeskee :) oh yea this album is amazing, happy to have bought it twice now ;)
from the producer of the famed l.a. underground hip-hop compilation 'beneath the surface,' omid's 'distant drummer' is a wonderfully unique and essentially instrumental album (the lovely track 'ways of the world' features vocalist nikko).unforseen textures and colors flow easily together in this album -- los angeles deterritorialized by the invisible forces of the earth and cosmos.
J. Rawls is one of the best beat-smiths in the game and a conceptual gem of beats and vocal samples.  You might still only know him as the cat behind Black Star's "Brown Skin Lady" or Lone Catalysts, but he's all over the place with amazing music."Histories Greatest" is an amazing slice of soulful hip-hop layered with political thought and head-nodding rhythms.  Check "Polar Palms of Moscow" and my personal fav, "Sixty-Three is the Jubilee."  Perfect for quiet days around the house, background music for chilling or riding the train on a rainy day.  Classic material from one of the best...
This is one of the rarest things that J.Rawls put out. Borrowed the vinyl in college 10 years ago and was pleasantly surprised to find it here for download. Recommended.
Wyclef put a lot of thought and love into this album. I love it!
This album is one of my all time favorites and definitely a west coast classic! I've been a fan of Assassin for years and this Album is one of the best and it has tracks for the gangstas and thugs, for the ladies, for the clubs, you know a lil something for everybody and it's just really dope! This is a must have album, so support the homie Assassin and put your money on this!Also if you like Assassin, do a google search for the new 2009 release "DJ King Assassin Presents: D.L.E.MM.A & Mr. Loco - 4 Tha Thugz & Guttar Folk" and get a FREE COPY!!
Not much to say except Wayne totally kills it in this song.  Definitely in his prime in this one and I'd highly recommend it.
This is the bonus disc of the deluxe Tha Carter III. If you are like me and bought the regular edition, then wished you had sprung for the deluxe when you heard how great this is, then here you go.
Ouch, this hurts my ears. Way overated. People dont realize there is way better out there underground, and stop classifying this as hiphop, its POP. And I am no hater, Im just stating an opinion, because you may like listening to D!CK RIDERS
In My Opinion, Most Of Lil' Waynes Songs Are Either A Dead-On-Hit Or A-Far-Off-Miss...'The Leak'? Wayne Hits...CONSISTENTLY!!! If This Is ANY Sign Of Whats To Come With 'The Carter III', Which Infact It Is, I Don't Think I Can Wait Til It Sees The Light Of Day!
In a way I'm sad that these tracks didn't end up on Tha Carter III (or will they?), but on the other hand hearing this EP makes the wait even harder!
This album self titled (HOUSE of PAIN) by HOUSE of PAIN with their unique cut samples set them apart from the rest in the year is was released even if you just know JUMP AROUND play the rest you will not be dissapointed!THANK YOU & TOP of THE MORNING TO YA
I really want to thank this brother in Christ for being committed to bringing forth the truth and not folding to the devil.  Thank You!
God bless him very much! God helped me so much through his music, specially &#34;God&#34;. It really glorifies the Lord and goes through the amazing things that the Lord made for his people and his chosen ones. God bless Lavoisier
This is getting impossible to find, had gotten mines back in 1999 so i got the OG press, if you see this...it's a must if your down with that stockton 209 gangsta rap!
Get some insight into a cool dude who has been a big part of that Humboldt game for a long time now.
Love this song, I listen to this at home or on my way to work. Different from average snoop Dogg but still awesome
This is MOST awesome MUSIC. Desi Hip Hop with #Bohemia !! I tell you back in da days they made GREAT MUSIC. This is a MUST add to your #Playlist. Makes me wanna listen to Sonny Brown and Bohemia and all the others so much more. Love it-Could not live without this track. BUY it!! Right Now. Truly a #Classic.
THIS ALBUM IS BANGIN!!..FROM THE INTRO 2 THE DESI HIP HOP REMIX THIS DUDE GOTS SERIOUS MIC SKILLS!!...THE BEATS ARE BLAZIN TO MAKE A 5 STAR ALBUM THAT WILL HAVE YOUR SPEAKERS BUMPIN!!!!!
finally an album since some of the late 90's rap, that you can just slap in and let it playintro to the end, this album just found a home in my disc changerrecommended for any fan of west coast/underground rapkeep grindin homie!!
Too bad these cats never made it big; one of the best groups ever but there was a time when east and west, especially east hated on southern music explicitly and look what it got them, a bunch of Lil' Wayne's. Street Military give them just one more hit. Ya'll don't know what you are missing. A necessary cog missing in the failing rap game
I grew up on listining to Street Military.Very hard to find album . Classic music  . Free Pharoah of Street Military
Firstly I want to say that this CD is totally different from his older works with 'No Cash'.This CD combines excellent catchy and intelligent lyrics with a unique style of hip-hop that includes influences from reggae to his punk and ska roots. A capturing psychedelic feel is what really got me hooked on this CD. This is not a wanna-be-gangster hip hop CD either. It is something that I feel cant quite be categorized because it has no equal that I have found. I cant wait for the next release.This is MC Develin's best work so far and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you get this CD. At such a low price, its definitely worth the purchase. Grab some green and enjoy the flow. :)My favorite tracks are #s 1,2,3,5, and 9My least favorites were #s 4 and 11All the others I failed to mention are also really good.
I know MC Devlin from high school (Nazareth, represent), and he's been makin sick music all along.  His lyrics are funny, witty, and even enlightening.  His mind is developing like not many young minds do, and I'm always pleased to hear of his whereabouts and adventures.However relaxed or underground he may want to stay, this kid will be famous.  I'm happy to support him thru the purchase of this album, not only because it's packed full of original songs, but because he deserves it.  Keep it up, Tray.
I was looking for new music for our street service something for the youth. This album is a must download add to you gospel rap,I like (we ready) on this album
This album was considered a classic in West TN and still is tight today. Check out Dim Da Lights, City Streets and If I Could Ride.
S.O.C.O.Ms album Time Out is an incredible album. The talent is hard to come by and it shows in this album. If your a fan of Tedashii, Json, Trip Lee, Lecrae, and Flame this album is for you. Don't even worry about buying songs individually just buy the complete album and save money. Album highlights include Awards intro, Spiritual Warfare(it has some sounds from Halo 3!), Makeya Fingers Snap, Strapped, should I continue? I recommend this album to anyone, it won't dissapoint. And with 21 tracks you cant go wrong there.
This guy is awesome, my friend was telling me that he left his hood for Jesus and then they tried to kill him...that's y he's called unknown!!! This guy preached the gospel awesomely!!!!
I like the tracks if you like beating down the block here u go. I listen to dj fury and bass patrol since middle school.
Now What?Is one of the dopest CDs to come out in the last 15 years.  It's not just the realness that makes this CD infectious but the production is off the hinges.  Ain't Nothin' Like The Town was a cult classic when the video debuted on The Box Music Network 1999 - 2000.  It was more popular than the Cash Money Millionaires.  Now the CD has become a certified classic.  You won't be disappointed with this one.  Every track is a hitter!
All Houston based artists, including Fat Pat. A great great addition for any Screw fans.
Dj screws best work, when I heard this album for the first time I couldn't stop playing it. It became my smokin album.
Been looking for this one for a MINUTE!! FAVE: Doll-E-Girl and Johnny U &#34;I do what I do&#34;!! Great CD!
Houston there ain't no problem here cuz this is one hot CD hosted by Houston's Hardbody Yiotti ... Kiotti and chopped & screwed by the resident "G", OG Ron C, Ole' Gangsta Ron C.
Very nice album. This artist really delivers his testimony in a positive way without suggesting compromise. Years ago I had to stop listening to tupac because his music literally opened up the unseen demonic realm in my life... Literally from all the negativity. Mr. G Reality on the other hand, has nice lyrics honoring God with a smooth relaxing flow.
Octavia "RYPP" Scott, SRE (Strip Riders Entertainment) born January 2, 1986, was the first and most influential female hip hop artist to emerge from B-Town (Bluffton, South Carolina). Known for her hard-core street lyrics, witty punch lines and above all her tireless commitment to pushing her musical career regardless of obstacles.  Obstacles are many for hungry artists like "RYPP" and thousands of other super talented artists tucked away in small towns that lack musical outlets, media representation and large numbers of potential fans. Yet "RYPP" spent almost a decade pushing aside those obstacles aside to pave the way for her Bluffton hip hop proteges`."2 Gutta 4 Yo Hood" was a record breaking album that firmly established that Bluffton, South Carolina has bred a top contender in the female rap arena with her own style, her own look and her own attitude. Most notable track "Carry On" which shows a rare glimpse at her sensitive side where she pays deep respect and love for not only friends and family lost along the way while showing her immense admiration and love for Savannah, GA artist Camoflauge.It's a bittersweet ending, now that she's gone the world is going to take notice, listen & love her music, too late you might say, but if her music finds it way to millions of new listeners than RYPP's dream was accomplished.She will be missed by many and remembered by all she touched with her music, her smile and her presence.  If you haven't had the pleasure of listening to RYPP, make today the day you support Carolina Independent Music and the continuing of a talented determined young lady's dream. Buy "2 Gutta 4 Yo Hood" By Octavia "RYPP" Scott.  Share her music and her story at Grindin' Magazine![...]
Awesome group. Had no idea they existed until a few months ago. Great cd. Gets me through my work day
I've waited for a long time for a GREAT rap/hip-hop artist from the San Francisco bay area. This freshman album showcases Slo-O and his camp their versatility from hardcore to radio-friendly songs. Slo-O has impressive concepts on every track, and his delivery is better than most artist in current circulation. I still listen to it from time-to-time. I'm really excited for their sophomore album "Devil On My Back" coming out 8/12/2007 because it's going to be another SMASH! Keep representing the SF, and you'll have my support.
Great album for its time! Definatly worth the price for download. Check it for yourself, If you like it buy it.
For those of us who are from the YAY (Bay Area) we refer to our best rap tracks as Slap.  All I gotta say about this album is, NOW THAT'S THAT SLAP.  This isn't one of those albums you buy only to listen to a couple of hits, every single track on this album is hot!!!
This album is really wonderful. I first discovered him back in my Queens hip hop days, when I was heavily listening to Nas, Mobb Deep, Infamous Mobb, Cormega, Tragedy Khadafi and CNN.Then I read in a newspaper that he was shot down in retaliation for gunning down some old geezer who was still on the grind. I decided to pick up the album to see how good it was and it is definitely a solid album.  A short one, but a nice one.All of the tracks are good.Check it out.
The Frayser classic that sounds like broken glass.  The distorted audio that is pleasing to the ears.  This album must have been extracted from the rotted tape... the ancient artifacts with limited use.  Improperly fossilized this junt was doomed for elimination.  Thankfully the remaining analog signals could be used to produce this long forgotten relic.
BEST WELL PUT TOGETHER CD HANDS DOWN. THE TRACTS WILL KEEP YOU BOBBING YOUR HEAD ALL THE WAY THRU AND YOU WON'T NEED TO REPENT AFTERWARDS. YOU WILL BE TOTALLY SATISFIED WITH THIS CD.
he's dope still love this album and prefer it to the one he did for beatmart recordings he has good cadence and beat selection. I hope he goes more experimental with his next release
For anyone who's into that pure unadulterated hard rock--this latest effort from Shiragirl is just for you!
I was waiting for one of our internal apps to load for 15 minutes yesterday when I found this album.  After listening to the first few tracks, I had completely forgotten all my problems and also was able to speed up and slow down time with my mind.  Thanks, Dirt!
This is one of the best albums ever! I love hip hop and these dudes kill it for the 505!
"Speaking from experience, this is not an incident, memories are pastlife, times as I channel in, works is from dimensions that I visit time travellin, ancient techniques, lyrics start happenin'".  Man, this is an amazing album.  The quote above is the startoff lyrics to the song, "Architects of Reality," my favorite song on the album.  This San Francisco rapper, A.P.O.S.T.L.E. is the most amazing lyrical rapper you haven't heard of.  His music is just refreshing harlem-renaissance-like Hip Hop all over again.  You can tell by some of his influences such as Boogie Down Productions, Poor Righteous Teachers, Eric B & Rakim and Public Enemy that he is all about real hip-hop.You need to buy this album...there are so many great tracks: "Promised Land", "Something I Must Do" and "We Are One".  I am so excited about Hip-Hop like this; I can listen to it all day.This is a nice album
Had this when I was a youngin growing up in Miami, I got hooked on the bass. And this is THEEE best collection of songs.
I bought this CD because I like this style of music,it is good dancing music.I think it also has a great kickback and listen to beat.The CD has a variety of artist which makes even better to play at functions,I believe if you give it a listen you will be more than satisfied.
I don't remember how I came to buy this album in the first place, but it has become one of my favorites.  I can listen to it over and over again without getting tired of it.  It takes me home after a hard day's work.  It's gorgeous and intricate and surprising and inspiring.  If you love Cuban music, latin music, buy this album.
Windchill has some real talent for lyrics.  He should be a new upcoming underground star if people will just listen to one of his tracks...to me that one is pay homage with low key flow a great beat and lyricism that brings it back to the old school prime of true hip hop.  I'd compare his style to a hybrid of atmosphere and talib kweli or maybe mos def.  If you get a chance at least check him out.
This is one of DJ Screws best! All tracks are from from SUC members and Houston locals, unlike most Chapters from Screw. Guerilla Maab, Botany Boys, Youngstar, AL-D, SMP, Point Blankk, and even Mama Screw make an appearance. This one is a must for all Screw heads.
High Society's debut album is very well done! It's got a little bit of everything from hardcore lyrics to Dido/Eminem-reminiscent songs.  I was lucky enough to grab the last of sold out tickets in Bufflao , NY a few years ago to see them in person and they do not dissapoint! Sokody's powerhouse voice and ingenious guitar riffs combined with classical piano had the entire building on fire.  Incredible!
RELENTLEZZ HITTING THEM WIT THAT BANG KEEP IT UP LIL CUZ(BIG RON FROM THAT INDIAN HEAD PROJECTS)
Take some old style tunes,rap,awsome instrumentals and mix it with a jazz sound by 5 incredible musicians ,throw in JESUS and SPECKLE TROUT INN for s n g&#34;s and the result is this different and most enjoyable CD
Not only is this a catchy song, but it is the beginning to new style of music. A must have!
ISLAND GIRLS BY IYAZ SHOTTA AND YOUNG DICTION IS DEFINITELY THE TRACK THAT WILL GET THE MOST PLAYS THIS SUMMER... THIS TRACK IS FIRE!!!! CHECK IT OUT!
If you know who Vordul Mega is then you already know this album is a must have for any fan.
This album is absolutely exceptional. You do not need to be a fan of hip-hop in order to appreciate Noah23's Jupiter Sajitarius. The beats and lyrics pull you into an amazing world of free flowing Noah 23. The tracks Lizard Lion Eagle, Photo Soul Decay, and Scream are all instant hits awaiting your discovery. Must have!
this album was one of the best in '07. that time seems like so long ago--even if they never come out with another full length release, this is a classic. cannon has a very raw sound--which is what i like; i tend to stray from that "studio" sound. anyway, think roots meets RATM and u will c what im talking about. not going to get into any detail about the tracks but my three faves are sucked out of a dream, phrases, & still something to give (yes in that order).
this is one of the best albums i've ever heard.  most of the albums that i've heard that are better are from this same artist.
What else is new because K-Rino always delivers good work. Every single tract is fire,very intense, and takes you on a mental trip. Really all of his albums are good and it is very difficult for me to choose a favorite. This album including the entire triology would rank among the best of his music. I did not even preview the album because it is not neccessary.
When I first heard this complete album, I was blown away. The production is top-notch, the rhymes are witty, and the beats are nasty. None of this new club junk, we're talkin' old school bangers. These guys definitely know their stuff and you can tell they have the love. Intelligent, fun hip hop for the dirty-minded masses.
This has to be one of the best rap albums I've ever heard.  I seriously keep it and all of the others (all of the others) on repeat.
The whole album is free-style rapping,so u never know what to expect from each song,to say the least their freestlye is way better then compared to "zro -and the suc"-album,its basically the best freestyle i have ever heard,then again i havent heard every freestyle rap group on the planet. You should GRAB this s***,its tight,i hope they come out with a second album...
this is another awesome album by Lord Apakalypse.  you should definitely pick it up if you don't already have it.  you won't be sorry
Very Tight Album but sound quality is terrible it sounds like it was recorded from a Cassette Walkman.Some Songs Are Cut Off at the last few seconds. If I would have known this I would have searched for a physical copy (tape or wax) and made my own copy. Amazon needs to respect this album and put out a decent copy of this album especially if they are going to charge for it.Do Not Pay for this mp3 version it is a rip off.
This is one of my favorite hip hop cd's.  Cleen brings the nitty gritty poetic sounds to life that exemplify underground hip hop.  The beats are addictive, his rhymes are tight (he's definitely a wordsmith) and this record takes you places.  Several tracks will have you laughing (he's funny) and other tracks will be like a roller coaster ride and your mind will visit places that are too deep to frequent.  But that's just the twisted mind of Cleen.  I mean that in a good way.  If I lived in LA I would be seeing him perform at clubs at every opportunity I could.  But instead all I have are his cd's.  Audiobesity will not dissapoint.  I highly recommend it.
WOW, THIS GUY CAN REALLY RAP. I LOVE PARKIN LOT PIMPIN. CAN'T GET MY KIDS TO TURN IT OFF.  BAREDA YOU ARE THE GREATEST!!!  LOVE YOUR RHYMES, BEATS AND MUSIC.  CAN'T TURN IT OFF!!! A MUST BUY!
I tell you if you can dig Louisville Slugger, this is ready for you. It's the bomb with female rap too.
THIS EDITED VERSION OF THE ALBUM IS VERY IMPORTANT TO THE HIP HOP COMMUNITY.AFTER HEARING COURSE WORDS IN MY ENTIRE PASS LIFETIME I MUCH RATHER LISTEN TO THE ART OF WAR IN THE CLEAN VERSION. THIS WAY I CAN LET THE YOUNGER GENERATION SEE HOW THE GREATEST RAP GROUP IN HIP HOP SOUNDED LIKE.LISTENING TO THE SONG READY 4 WAR WAS VERY LIGHT 0N THE EARS, BECAUSE THE EXPLICIT VERSION THAT I HAD A LONG TIME AGO BACK IN 1997 WHEN THE ALBUM FIRST CAME OUT. I COULD NOT PLAY IT IN SCHOOL, HOME, OR CHURCH BECAUSE IT HAD TO MUCH BAD LANGUAGE IN IT.OVERALL THE ART OF WAR IS ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUM BONE THUGS N HARMONY EVER MADE. IT ALMOST HAVE THIRTY SOMETHING SONGS ON IT, AND ITS A DOUBLE DISC ALBUM. ARTIST IN RAP MUSIC NEVER HAVE MADE AN ALBUM LIKE THIS BEFORE. THE ALBUM WAS MADE DURING A TIME WHEN RAPPERS REALLY WERE WHO THEY CLAIMED TO BE SUCH AS BONE THUGS CLAIMS THEMSELVES AS BEING THUGS THEY REALLY RAN THE STREETS, THEY REALLY HAD GUNS, THEY REALLY WERE WHO THEY SAID THEY WERE. A TIME WHEN 2 PAC AND BIGGIE WERE LIVING AND A TIME WHEN GANG BANGING AND KILLING WAS GOING ON. A TIME WHEN BEEF WAS SETTLED BY KILLING AND A TIME WHEN EVERYBODY HAD BEEF WITH BONE THUGS AND A TIME WHEN BONE THUGS RULED WITH A IRON FIST. THE TITTLE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! THE ART OF WAR WAS PRODUCED TO SEND A CLEAR MESSAGE TO RIVALS CLONES, SUCH AS TWISTA,DO- OR -DIE, 3-6-MAFIA AND CRUCIAL CONFLICT. DURING THAT TIME BONE HAD THEY OWN STYLE AND OWN WAY OF SPITTING ON A RECORD. RIVAL CLONES ALWAYS SOUNDED LIKE BONE AND BONE NEVER SOUND LIKE ANYONE BUT THEMSELVES. RAPPERS SUCH AS CRUCIAL CONFLICT RAPPED LIKED THEM VERY MUCH, TWISTA AND DO OR DIE AND 3 6 MADE MUSIC LIKE THEM WHICH WAS THAT VERY DARK EVIL STRING MUSIC WITH A WEST COAST GANGSTA BEATS. ONE OF THE BEST DISS SONG IN HISTORY IS THE SONG TITTLE [U AIN'T BONE] WHICH WAS AIMED DIRECTLY TO ALL CLONE RIVALS. THE WORD CLONES WAS MADE BY BONE THUGS WHEN SPEAKING OF RAPPERS WHO COPIED THEIR STYLE AND HATED ON THEM. **HONOR MENTION** BONE THUGS N HARMONY PUT THE MIDWEST ON THE MAP IN HIP HOP WITH THE HELPING HAND OF THE LATE GREAT WEST, GOD FATHER OF GANGSTA RAP MUSIC:{EAZY-E]. ANOTHER SONG THAT WAS MADE TO DISS CLONES WAS THE SONG {READY 4 WAR} REFERENCE TO CRUCIAL CONFLICT AND 36 MAFIA. HOWEVER THE CD IS FULL OF GREAT MATERIAL SUCH AS THE ART OF THE PHOTOS AND THE DESIGN AND DETAIL DISCS. (100 STAR RAP ALBUM) THE BEST SINGLES EVER! WHICH ARE "LOOK INTO MY EYES" A TRUE CLASSIC SONG IN RAP HISTORY, AND THE OTHERS ONE "IF I COULD TEACH THE WORLD" LAST TO MENTION BONE IS THE LAST GROUP THAT DID RECORDS IN REAL TIME WITH THE LATE GREAT 2 PAC AND BIGGIE.
This is a refreshing project.  This is Santos' first "official" CD from my understanding, but you'll dig it. Nice background vocals from the ladies as well, I really like Tara and Nadjah. Santos has vocals that are not overdone, just good!!!
Bought this after hearing the track "Miss You" on the radio while in Louisianna. VERY soulful.This is my first exposure to Travis Matte, it won't be my last
You can never get enough of Organized Konfusion. The way they bounce lyrically all over the tracks, it is almost as if they are having a lite and friendly competition in the studio. Because, everytime the other one finish rhyming, whoever goes next....speeds it up more and lays down the tracks like they worked for Port Authority! You will not be disappointed with this pick.
His CD is excellent. The songs will make you dance as well as give you food for thought. I hope he starts a movement of Ghanaians who follow their hearts musically, not just follow what is popular.Keep it coming Wanlov!
Almost a decade after the release of his amazing sophomore album "No Secrets No Lies," King Sandman is back with "To Whom It May Concern." This album was held up and pushed back several times due to the politics of the business, but the content on here is still superb, and I can definitely recommend supporting the artist by buying this full album. Some standout tracks include "Take Me," the powerful "One Man Army," and "He Came He Saw," but the album's highlights have to be "Lonely Place" and "Fly Away." On these, King Sandman displays his growth as an artist and shows us why he's still relevant, and these two tracks alone are worth the entire album's cost of admission.Be on the lookout for the brand new album from King Sandman, "The Rebellion," coming real soon.
This album is being Slept on ! I listen to it on a daily basis.Juicy J & DJ Paul have taken their production to the next level.Once you pop this in just let it ALL play out. every song seems to blend into the next and your head wont stop bopping. If you luv BASS, Crazy Subject Matter and Non Stop Music, This is It.Cop this Album because people will be copying the style
Bests are beyond great. Lyrics are funny. But you see they grew up lots. They don't over kill with guest clogging the album, and put together very well.
DJ Drama brings us another hot collabo with the Snowman. Jeezy's sure to be in my dreams with this one.
Luv Fyah! Awesome album, first 4 tracks are fire, the rest are great. Purchase this album, you won't regret it if you like the roots sound!
These are real lyrics. The man has talent. He's a gangster from Los Angeles. City of Angeles. The West Side. Listening to his album takes me back to Watts. Much respect to this artist.
Mode 9 does a good job on this. Properly produced sound levels accompany the strong and bold vocals and turntable scratching effects. He really keeps it real of some tracks and shows no mercy in self expression. I didnt know Nigeria'n artists could do underground hip-hop like this. 5 stars for Pentium IX.
You might know Fannius III as Fan_3, who had a Disney type hit called "Geek Love" way may in the early 2000s. It was catchy and people were waiting for an album. And waited. And waited. And it never came. It's 2008 and Fannius is independent for the first time in her career....meaning....she makes the rules. She wants to put out an album without being tied back by "the man.""Girlfriend" is her first song released independent, and it's the first sound of Fannius since "Geek Love" for a lot of fans. She has grown. Her voice and experience has grown. She has seen a lot in her life and no longer has to rap about grade school stuff.If "Girlfriend" is her release in her new career, we can expect a lot from her...but for those who have been waiting for an album for years already knew that.

This album got my attention just with the intro so I knew it was going to be fiya!! She came so hard on this album you forget about ultimate revenge...until you read that lol. Seriously Truth Hurts is to real and honest for most to handle and Keep It Moving ft. Gangsta Boo is cut but it's also something you can relate to if it's happened to you. If you like La Chat then do yourself a favor and cop this, you will not be disappointed.
It seems as if almost every time I get in a new bunch of releases I see my attentions being drawn in yet another different direction when it comes to reggae music. While I will ALWAYS keep an international eye out for the extended reggae community (and the artists they produce, some of which, from the US and ESPECIALLY from Europe have undeniable talents), I'm loving the fact that more and more I'm seeing talents coming from (and re-emerging from) the Caribbean. Here, we turn our focus to a small, LOVELY and constantly overlooked Creole island named Dominica. I don't think that I'd go as far as to say that the actual music scene in Dominica is literally on FIRE, but it just seems as if (oddly enough) that I'm seeing more and more very talented artists who just happen to be born and raised on the island. Definitely the first name who comes is Nasio Fontaine. There are some fans of reggae music, some of whom opinions I greatly respect who would tell you that Nasio is a reggae SUPERSTAR, right now! And while I wouldn't go that far, I'd just be downright wrong to deny the impact that the Dominican born chanter has had, particularly with his career having hit its peak over the last couple of years or so and while he developed his skills here in St. Maarten actually, he is true born Dominican. There's also one of my favourite artists (whose situation is most comparable in this case) currently, NiyoRah. NiyoRah is probably the second most popular Dominican reggae export after Nasio these days as he currently is part of the famed Star Lion Family, which includes budding star Pressure Busspipe from St. Thomas and Niyo, now two (and a half with a mixtape) albums deep into his career with the Virgin Island's premier reggae label, I Grade Records, seems poised to follow in the footsteps of his well known associate. You also have older artists such as the ULTRA busy Lazo who was (at least to my knowledge) the first reggae artist from the island that received an outer look as the formerly HUGE RAS Records signed him to a deal and released two of his albums (Impetus in 1993 and Something Real two years later, respectively); there is also Djate Richards who I'm not quite sure is still active these days; a newer artist (to me) Julie Mourillon who just released a new album this year, the solid Trodding On and the very familiar to me, the VERY roots heavy Dread`I, a St. Maarten transplant from Dominica. Also I'd mention that last year there was a very strong compilation released, Dominica Tenement Yard To my knowledge, the actual musical tastes in Dominica vary greatly with not only reggae but soca (check out an artist name S.K.I.NN.Y: He is W.I.C.KE.D.), bouyon (a sort of soca ragga hybrid) and zouk; including the DIVINE superstar Michele Henderson, probably the single most popular Dominica born artist today; but there can be no denying reggae-wise what's coming from the Nature Island.Which brings us to yet another very impressive reggae artist from Dominica who has traveled a bit, this time settling very comfortably in St. Croix, Harry Mo. Out of all the reggae artists that I've heard from out of Dominica, with the possible exception of Dread'I and even more so than Nasio, Harry Mo just seems to GET IT, when it comes to making roots reggae music. There is a feeling of such a HIGH level of quality to his material which I feel would come across even to the most untrained of listeners to his vibes that really, without even being so distinct in itself, gives his style a big touch of originality which he doesn't seem to have to try too hard to bring out at all. He also just happens to make a brand of reggae which I feel would be quite successful in Jamaica should his vibes ever receive a bit of a push back home at all and that same brand (at least in my opinion) is VERY accessible to both the initiated and uninitiated fans of roots reggae music. Undoubtedly some of that talent is due to The Almighty and the man Harry Mo himself, but perhaps some of it at least goes to developing in the rich vibes of St. Croix, best known for producing the likes of Midnite Band, Ras Attitude & Batch a whole heap of ever expanding names such as Empress Dezarie. I myself have actually known the name Harry Mo for maybe two or three years now as I had received a copy of his first album, the self produced Runaway Slave from 2003, just a couple of years ago and I was very much impressed by the vibes. I didn't know much about him then and somewhat filed the album (which I still own) and the name Harry Mo back into mental memory alone and sure enough, it wouldn't be very long at all when it would come in handy as now in 2008 Harry Mo returns to the masses with his sophomore album, the EXCELLENT Back To Africa for Yellow Hill Music. I had been anticipating hearing this album from the first second I saw it would be reaching soon and quietly, for me, it comes as one of my most anticipated projects of the year and, unlike a few of it's predecessors (see Jamelody's Be Prepared), it doesn't disappoint AT ALL (and Jamelody didn't exactly disappoint, I just didn't expect it to head in the very VARIED direction(s) in which it ended up going). Back To Africa is fourteen top notch tracks of WORLD CLASS roots music. Unlike the Runaway Slave album (which to my knowledge was actually recorded in the states using American producers, engineers and musicianship,) which had just a bit of different styles incorporated in its vibes (but still centered on roots, there was some R&B; and international flavours and spices throughout as well), you probably couldn't get more rootical outside of actually going to Jamaica than what Harry Mo does here. A bit of the album was actually recorded at I-Grade studios for Laurent `Tippy; Alfred, head of the studio and the aforementioned label which it is named after. The result is not only what is for me, as I said one of my most anticipated projects of 2008, but it may just be one of the year's best reggae albums so far ALTOGETHER.If I were going to use a word to just completely try and sum up Back To Africa, in terms of its quality I would definitely say `SHARP'. The music from all aspects is just so well done and it's a shame that this album will probably never really get that big of a push, but all who bother to track it down will DEFINITELY be rewarded. If you've never heard Harry Mo, I would probably say he sounds a bit like Peter Tosh, or maybe even a higher pitched version of Jamaican singer Bushman, although not as overall talented with the voice (Bushman has about as CRISP of a baritone voice as ANYONE in reggae EVER, no shame there). The album gets started with the wonderfully big stepping and DEEP title track which really gets things going on a fine note here. Back To Africa the song is, of course, a big repatriation anthem for the masses. In the promotions for this album I read that Mo had recently visited Africa so (perhaps) thus the title and the song. The song is excellent as he, pretty much, compares what he experienced in Africa, in all of its BRILLIANCE and COMFORT to the situation he is in now and he now longs to go back, willing the strength of His Majesty. BIG BIG TUNE and easily one of the best of a lot which boasts more than its fair share of winners. Next up is the really nice and easy My Dream which sounds like something that could be found directly in Peter Tosh's catalogue, which is definitely a compliment to Harry Mo. He speaks of this wonderful dream he had one night of a world which was so much more peaceful and beautiful than the world we actually live in, only to awake to a far more harsh and wholly different reality. Mo sums up the vibes of the tune for me when he says, "When will my dream become a reality!?". Another fine tune there. Completing the opening for Back To Africa is the BIG sounding stepping tune Raging Storm. The tune pretty much falls in line with the vibes of My Dream, but instead here, Mo champions the coming of His Majesty's strength and anger to all those making this reality a negative and downright evil place and for them to straighten up before its too late. Indeed. I just love the vibes here at the beginning of the album and the musicianship as well; very fine backdrops for Mo to deliver such wonderful messages USUALLY (and this case DEFINITELY) means one real winner of an album altogether.Besides the title track, there are four really strong tunes here which really catch me hard. The first, going sequentially is old school vibed St. Croix Rock, an ode to Mo's adopted homeland. You could sub somewhere in Jamaica for St. Croix and drop this tune somewhere in Jamaica around 1970 and be SPOT ON with  the vibes of the time. Apparently the tune has become quite a big hit for Mo in St. Croix and you can definitely see why on just one spin through. Next up is, for me, the single BIGGEST tune on Back To Africa altogether, the MASSIVE Jah In My Life. The tune took a bit of a time to grow on me (its not exactly dynamic AT ALL), but when it did, boy! The tune brought tears to my eyes literally! The tune speaks of accepting the POWER of His Majesty into your life and the wonderful feeling which comes with it as it LITERALLY comes in like a beautiful song or a breeze! Man! The tune just worked for me on so many levels personally having had that experience and be you on that path as well, I'm sure it'll do the same for you. HUGE! The next really big one here for me was Mystic Man, a tune giving big respect to the Rastaman, particularly those in the music. There is a piece of this song which comes later (which is something Mo actually does more than once, and I love it) where he just starts chanting pure! This time calling out the names of some of his peers such as Midnite, Red I (I Grade's band) and others and its just a very hype bit there. The last tune which was a real highlight was the LOVELY Ithiopia, a big chanting song from Mo. I don't know if Mo specifically visited the country on his African journey, but he sounds as if he did as he presents a WONDERFUL message they should seriously considering adopting for a national song of some sorts. Just a big beautiful song about home and where we all need to get back to, myself definitely included. While those tunes stood out from the tracks on Back To Africa, certainly the balance of the tunes don't drop the vibes very much if at all. Check the obligatory BIG tune for the Black Woman Show Her Love. The tune SPECIFICALLY speaks to the men who are mistreating and downright abusing the Empresses and does so VERY plain and forward manner. Mo unforgettably utters the line, "A royal Empress from Zion, don't need no dog, she needs a LION!". Definitely a big and proper message for a big and proper vibes and big and proper tune! Well put Harry Mo.  The tune Positive Vibration also really struck a nerve with me and did so from just about the first time I heard the tune. The tune speaks about people who just carry bad vibes and negativity and how keeping such company can also bring yourself down into that mess. Another big vibes there. And to mention the song itself in its four minutes is just LOVELY, one of the best choruses on the entire album definitely. Winding things down the tune Solution also caught my eye (and my ear), with its electric guitar intro before it ascends to the heights with a downright dazzlingly beautiful and bouncy one-drop. My Pride was also one of my earlier favourites my first trip through Back To Africa, very very straight forward vibes there and another strong and ear-catching chorus there. Back To Africa also comes to its conclusion with one of its highlights and the only official combination on the album with Natural High. the tune is another of the changeups here as it features a very pronounced nyah drum over somewhat of a R&B; style bassline as well. It also features Harry Mo alongside St. Croix roots DJ/chanter Volcano, who comes in somewhat out of character; significantly toned down from his usual fire breathing style. The two mesh well together and deliver WORLD CLASS vibes on a tune I really didn't think that I'd like too much when I first got a taste of the riddim. The tune speaks of `the natural high' being nothing other than the vibes themselves. I've yet to find a greater high available on the planet, TRULY. Superb album planning and excellent way to end the album there.Overall, the only thing I can fault Back To Africa for is for MAYBE not switching up the vibes a bit more. The Runaway Slave album ended with a Creole style soca tune which I really liked in changing up the vibes there, I think one here could have done well. But I really can't complain at the end of the day. Back To Africa is even further verification, as if we needed any (and we didn't) that Dominica is truly a place to keep an eye on for reggae musicians and really artists of all styles. As the country with so many different cultures and lovely people produce more and more names in the vibes you can expect to see similar pieces in the future as well from new faces, as well as those we already know. As it stands, the country may have just found its `ACE' because as far as reggae albums go, they just don't get much better than Harry Mo's Back To Africa. Just like I thought.
Within the christian music industry, it is exceedingly difficult to find new music which isn't just a poor clone of another popular band or style.  One Body manages to be not only original, but brings a level of quality that is unheard of for many young artists this early in their career.Listening to the album, you can hear influences of R&B;, Hip-Hop and even Electronica.  The content addresses many of the challenges that are brought against the church and Christians through a variety of styles.  To me, it feels that the overall message is about continually renewing your faith in world where it is increasingly unpopular to do so.  Regardless, I challenge you you to listen to this album and not walk away happily humming one of his many catchy songs featured.Christian music fans, from any genre, should rejoice to finally have another artist who is unafraid to produce music which isn't just poorly veiled spin-off of some current secular trend.  You would be doing yourself and the entire christian community a large favor by supporting an artist like One Body and others like him.
When I first bought this album as a kid, I didn't have anything bigger than your average boombox. So I listened to this albums just as songs and enjoyed it even without the benefit of feeling the bass. Later on when I got a decent system I appreciated this album even more. It's not just for bass though, there's some creative, unique songwriting going on and it's a lot of fun. My favorite songs on here are: Phonz, Don't Stop The Bass, and Dstm 2. Anyone who likes any sort of electronic music should enjoy this. It's a shame that this type of music is sort of pigeonholed into the very small "bass music" category, when I think electronic music fans of all types could get into this. Both "It came from Outerbass II" and "Bass Computer" are great, but I'd have to say this one is better overall, it sounds like he spent more time on it and had perfected his craft.
Good as anything I've heard from this great producer.Note: Don't rate this piece of work 1 STAR because of some iTunes problem. That's not the point of rating the artist. Contact Amazon for technical problems and rate their services appropriately.
To TEACHERS, COUNSELORS and SCHOOL & CHURCH ADMINISTRATORS,If you are having problems with your young people being captured by the allure of the GANG LIFE, this CD is a powerful tool that brings them the truth about STREET GANGS, without glorifying it.  We tell the real story and let them know exactly where this destructive life choice leads - either DEATH or JAIL!  If you are having a problem with Gangs and Graffiti in your school district or in your church congregation, please call us and set up a FREE CONCERT that will help to bring about a change and open the lines of communication with your youth.  After concerts parents and teachers tell us their children are still singing the chorus lines of the songs on this CD for weeks after our events.  It's a powerful presentation and we are happy that we are able to reach so many.  Call us today for your free concert and Download this CD today - you will be glad you did!Capone De LeonUntouchable Underground Records210-650-2491
placed the order for an online mp3. had no problems and the download was very quick. i also like the cloud! thank you.
I don't think there is more than two songs on here that aren't instant favorites.This album shows that T.I. truly is the king!5/5
Admittedly I am not a fan of rap and or hip hop music. For the most part I believe that hip hop died after 1995, but every now and again there are glimmers of hope for the once great music genre. "Paper Trail" is one of those glimmers. Rap these days seems to say nothing more than people showing off what they have, what they do not have, disrespecting other rappers, or cover other topics that seem shallow and pointless to the average listener. The beauty of T.I.'s new album is that it does rehash some of the superfluous topics mentioned above, but it does it in a way that comes across as fresh and new in world of tired and boring. Just listening to the first to singles "Whatever You Like" and "Live Your Life" you can tell this is not your typical rap album. T.I. sings about social commentary, something that 90's rap exemplified, from the perspective of a African American of wealth in America. Sure, some people will only here his lyrics and brush them to the side stereotyping his style with the rest of the riff-raff, but on closer inspection you will find T.I. to rap on subjects close to his heart and other subjects that just make up what a good rapper does, rap. Overall, I would buy this album just for the two aforementioned songs and I give this CD an "A" grade for its ability to separate itself from the rest of the pack and make something original in a time of replication.
Very simply every song is unique and enjoyable. great collaboration with other musicians like Jay-Z and Usher. Excellent Party music especially Whatever you like, Pornstar, and Swagga Like Us. I not a hardcore fan of hip hop/rap, more into rock an roll but I love this album!
This album is the best example of TIs skill. Each track captivates the imagination in different ways. a great listen
This album is T.I's best albums. It show the emotions that some rap albums today lack.
I don't listen to him that often but this album bumps. If you got subs in your car and you want something new with sick beats, this album is a must. Lyrics are sick, feature singers are sick, albums sick.
great song, great version (origional), and also great quality.  This is a R&B that you hear on the radio.  A+
This is a wonderful album just as T.I. is a wonderful artist. The person who gave this review 2 stars and said there are only 2 good songs must not be listening to the same thing. I listen to all kinds of music, and I have loved all of his albums. This album is more upbeat and he made it especially for the fans. He has a message behind certain songs on this album and if u can't grasp it, then dnt listen to it.I love the whole album and I think if he launched all of the songs to the radio, he would certainly have more than two #1 hits. The whole album is a hit.T.I. is a very realistic man, and for ppl who say some of his earlier songs were speaking about b***h, and killing ppl, you all need to understand that these artists are rapping about what sells. And unfortuneatly, calling a woman out her name, sexual lyrics, and pulling an AK sells to most of the audiences out here. I have no doubt in my mind that he lives by the way he raps. He is well rounded man, and knows how to sell his music. And even with him having explicit lyrics and calling a woman this, he is still more clean cut than many of the rappers that are out today.If you are a T.I. fan as I am, and u dnt have this album. Definitely go get it and get it quick. WONDERFUL album from beginning to end.
There are a few good tunes with good rythme and lyrics.  The artists rely heavily on vocal without so much melody and instrumental in the background.  Some of the good tunes are too short and could have been better developed.  Still, it is a pretty good CD.  I would expore more CDs by this group.
Long Duck Dong is killing it with a western feel, very happy to hear FIrst Degree the D.E. make an appearance.  I like this one even more than BreakDance.  best in order: Larry Dallas, Long Duck Dong, Sum Yung Girl, Rusty Squeezebox.. many more great songs on many different albums.. but these albums i can play through without skipping.
Good CD.  This is pretty much sacramento underground hardcore rap.  Some pretty sick ass beats on this CD.  If you're into this kind of music check it out.
If you go  back to the old school days of latin hip hop and reggaeton Mc Ceja was always one of the best but he never dissapoints and this cd is just another example of the lyrical capabilities he has from start to finish its non stop best tracks are #1 #2 #3 #6 #10 #11 #13 y para los q' hablan espanol este es un cd tremendo como siempre Mc Ceja demuestra sus capacidades liricales desde el comienzo pal final del cd no para y las canciones q mejor demuestran potencia lirical son las q puse unas lineas de letra arriba la numero 10 siendo my favorita de todas. NUMBER 10 is theBEST.
The ReMinders are AMAZING! If you are looking for something soulful and fun that is kid friendly with a great message, look no further! LOVE LOVE LOVE!
I saw this band at the Sea of Dreams for New Years in San Francisco.  They were great - the crowd was having so much fun dancing.  I came home and bought this album.  It is really fun - almost as fun as the show.  The rapping sounds great with the mix of electronic music - reminds me of old Linkin Park.  I ranked every song 4 stars or more.  The best songs are Stamina, Come Along and Alignment.  MC Souleye is such a great addition to the the trio.  You can tell a different in the way the music sounds from this CD to their earlier music.  This albums is worth every penny.
Where Day At? [Explicit]This music group sounds like the best of all artists from everywhere!  They specialize in Hip-Hop from West Coast, Dirty South, East Coast, Detroit, Midwest, Jamaican, Dance Hall, Dutty Rock, World Music, to R & B, Gospel, Jazz, Pop & Rock!  (What's left?  Oh, yeah, forgot Classical.  Maybe a future album will even have some kind of Hip-Hop/Country fusion too, since these guys are, like, "mad" creative!Although the artists "Where Day At?" have disappeared and can't be located, their music and their independent record label Digital LikWid Entertainment will no doubt entertain millions of music lovers around the globe for a very, very long time!!"The After-After Party" is just what it sounds like.  "Rollin' Wit My Dawgz" is everybody's "clique" song.  "Ain't No Party Like" is about how everybody in every corner of the world gets into their music, dancing, and local pride... ALL OVER THE WORLD!!And "Whole 'Nother Level" will take you higher and higher every time you hear it.  Commercial advertisers, marketers, promoters, and film companies will have a field day bidding for the use of this track!  (Stand in line... first come, first serve!)Get the full EP to party with a crowd OR ALL BY YOURSELF!!You'll want to listen to these songs over and over for sure!
This is "Ghost Music" by Halloween Child Ghost-eye Bandit. 9 tracks no features all hip-hop. The Chariot represents the strength to destroy my enemies, move forward and reach my full potential.
Just buy this album if you appreciate good electronica. Perfect balance of elements: chill, deep bass, melodic, and other things I am not so good at putting into words. Buy it, sit back and listen, then repeat.
This was good cd the beats are top notch premo alc agallah enuff said.  13 of these tracks I still play to this day its worth the buy though even just for the beats alone lyricals are good too real messages being said by Agallah throughout the cd real East coast hip hop.
Finally.... we can all stop waiting. I can't speak for everyone, but for many of us, this album has been a long time coming. The irony here is that Vanilla Ice, himself, is a hip-hop legend and this album is filled with legendary hip hop tracks. This in itself is paradoxial.People can say what they will about Vanilla Ice, but listening to this album speaks for itself. One stand out track is Bob Marley's Buffalo Soldier. This is song clearly speaks about the struggle of early jamacian americans during the civil war. This shadows Ice's own career: an outcast in a savage land of hip-hop.My recommendation is to buy buy buy. You'll see why on the first listen.Truly an album of epic standing.
nuff saidI had these tracks before but i bought to support artist anywaysAnything with rittz's name on it is worth every penny
This EP is his older stuff and not his best, but look out because he is killin it here lately.  White jesus!
I downloaded these two, and I give each 5 stars.  How can anyone not love these two doo-wop classics?
This album is better than the version that released! Didn't think that was possibe! The interludes are nice, sounds like listening to a movie on some parts. My favorite tracks are "Taxicab Confessions" ft TQ and "Wake Up" ft Nate Dogg and N.U.N.E. 5 STARS!
I could write you a million word review praisin' Crooked I, but I tell you, you should just cop this and listen.After that, find EVERY SINGLE song, feature, mixtape, everything he ever touched, because he has never spit anything less than ridiculously dope bars. There is no other cat in the history of rap who has been crazy dope over 10 years and gets better every single time he spits something.Man, just buy this, and support one of the realest artists ever to walk on this earth.
Crooked didn't disappoint in his free downloads, and he sure didn't in this paid download. If this is the precursor to B.O.S.S., then it will be a sure-fire success.
The first three tracks are fire, the rest is still Crooked, support the man, he only gave you 200+ free tracks over the last couple years!Good quailty tracks too, they bump, yup, get ready for B.O.S.S.
what i like about it is that its all instrumentals, it has an older hip hop feel to it. only two tracks have lyrics on them and the instrumental only version is included as well. im very satisfied with this one.
This is by far the best Obama song I have hear.  Change we can believe in for sure.
Love this cd R.I.P. to the Screwston Legend. Million dollar hands is sn understatement. Go get this cd and start your own collection
GREAT compilation of songs from the 90s of artists' that DJ Screw help get noticed. His legacy lives on forever!
Bambu's "Exact Change" is a true work of art. I discovered his music by pure accident, i saw him perform live at Frisco's "Elbow Room" Feb. 6. Damn this guy is good, a true lyricist with raw talent. My personal favorite tracks are 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 13, 14 and 15 yeah his that good.
This album is what I consider underrated and had good tracks.  Alot more original than alot of music played these days.  Slim Thug and Boss Hogg Outlawz had songs that represent what it means to be a Boss Hogg Outlaw.
We need more Christmas music like this!!  This a bumpin' fun album!  It's really unique and yet still a lot of holiday fun!  If you enjoy both Christmas and Hip Hop then you need this!
How did I miss this? The Ying Yang Twins have a holiday album? You see a lot of artists these days releasing a holiday song here or there, putting little effort into the lucrative business of repurposing old christmas tunes to turn a quick dollar, but the Ying Yang Twins have gone above and beyond their contemporaries in delivering a (albeit short) very entertaining holiday CD. I think "Carol of Da Bellz" is by far the best track on the album, but I recommend "Deck tha Club" for its clever twist on an old yuletide favorite. For the price, this album really can't be beat. Do yourself--and your family and friends--a favor and buy The Ying and Yang of the Holidays.
I found this guy as a recommendation by amazon, I was a bit skeptical at first, but was very surprised it has a fresh vibe. Most of the &#34;Sublime&#34; wanna-be's always try to sound so much like them and forget to find there own sound. I recently found that Codi Jordan has another album and it's just as dope as this. This is a must if you like the rock reggae sound. it's a madder of time before this artist makes it big, be the first to discover this talent.
I love this CD because its so relaxing and just makes me want to hang out on the beach and tan and just puts me in a good mood!
Some of the best reggae hiphop I've ever heard. I'd recommend this to anyone listening to the Dirty Heads, Slightly Stoopid or the B Foundation. This is probably my favorite out of the three albums available on Amazon, but all of them are superb.
Artists are supposed to show us with their skills and abilities what is possible. Tha Truth shows us on Tha People's Music that a better world is possible and that rappers (or any musicians) can make music that can inspire listeners to want to change the world for the better. On this CD Tha Truth uses his lyrics to summarize historian Howard Zinn's book "A People's History of the US - from 1492 to Present," in two songs, which is incredible! This is a book listed as a favorite by Matt Damon and countless others and if you hear this CD you will understand why! I love all the songs on here, including the ones about history, but I especially love Question Everything, Military Recruiters Lie (Powerful!), and Who Killed the Electric Car. As he does on all of his albums, Tha Truth takes hip hop music back to how it started by using his lyrics to actually SAY SOMETHING that is worthy of being said - that poverty and racism need to go and that we the people need to unify as the one human race/family that we are - and make this world better for ALL! It's great to see an artist continuing the tradition of Bob Marley and Lennon and making music about bringing Power to the People!
If you are tired of hearing pop and rap music that is unoriginal and ignorant then this is the CD for you! This takes it back to when you had to be original and have talent to be heard. If you aren't moved by the power of this CD you need to check your pulse.
There are only 2 words to describe Blublack's debut: Pure fire!! The beats are fresh and the rhymes are on point. This is Southern hip hop in its purest form. Standout tracks include "Retardid", "Cash", and " It's Nothing", which is already a ghetto classic down here in the Dirty South. Where Code Blu really shines is in the ride- plenty of thump. Check it out for sure-- Holla if u hear me!
The whole album is great. Excellent production. You can hear the hunger in his voice. I really enjoyed this CD.  This is Down South Rap music at its best.
GREAT ART! Would have been a pleasure to meet the artist! Recommended as a must buy for all! LOVE IT
Dude this record is incredible.  I totally produced the whole thing with Slaughter so that's how I know its so good.  Buy 12 copeys.Love, AK
the cd is just like i remembered it was back in the day when it first came out . A+++++++++
this is positive.it's hardcore but so is life for many people.yeah,this is cool.Lil Uno's song and album titles are awesome too.
JAZ is great on this album all around the word is all up in it!
What U Hollerin is my $%@#t!!! Definitely get at this fa real!!!! If you think this aint gon be hott, Messy got somethin 4 dat with Draped Up & Chipped Out 2-and dude is right, Jessica Rabbit is kinda annoyin on number 13. But get at this!!!
I've never really been a fan of hip-hop, until this album.  Intellectual lyrics and beats crisscrossed with an ever-present life on the streets.  (Wow, did I come up with that? LOL.)
The world needs to get ready! She's the best emcee to hit the scene in years. Her word play is above everyone else & she can sing. Best of both worlds.
I wanted some deep bass songs. This runs the gambit. I've been pounding out Techmaster for years now and he still creates great bass tunes.
If you don't own this ... you deserve a dummy smack. For real. This album is really an incredible journey through the mind and observations of Kice on the rhythm of Mr. Len (Company Flow fame). Kice is a dope emcee and Len provides a ton of flavor. Get this album ... now.
Been a Young L fan for a minute! Bought the SS Mixtape and most def had to get Cutty Row/Based Sensation!
this is a classic miami bass album all the songs are great with that party feel!A must have for that miami bass collection
Used to listen to this in college with 2 12&#34; subs stuffed in the dorm closet and a car amp running on a tractor battery. Put an 8&#34; sub in the trunk of the Honda recently and wanted to re-live old times! Some fun active bass lines complete with lots of Tron samples. How can you go wrong?
This Album was actually released in 1993. This was actually a quite popular album for it's time for "Bass Heads". I first has this album when it came out. It really game my Kickers a run for their money back in the day and people heard me coming for blocks. This album was released at the time where everyone Bass Music artist in Miami was using the Roland TR-808 (808 Q Drum). I had a buddy back in the day who had 8 15's and he cracked his window to the song Coochie Cutters. If your a fan of bass or want to be heard before your seen then I would highly suggest this album.
Tremendous value compared to downloading the same number of songs from itunes.  Quality was excellent and the variety has huge.
Will buy from again! It was perfect for kids just want sumthing with no bad lyrics or cursing. Great price!
BSBD is one of my current favorite bands for downtempo style music.  I own pretty much all of their alums and would recommend them to anyone who likes this kind of music. This particular album is a bit off from the others, but I still enjoy it very much
I was a little confused at first because I had been following news of this release up until I received my copy in the mail. I thought Aux 88 were changing their name to Mad Scientist for this release but as you can see Aux 88 is right there on the cover art. The tracks are reminiscent of older Aux 88 material with even some tracks reminding me of their Alien FM era material (good luck tracking down that extremely hard to find Alien FM CD!). I actually like this Mad Scientist CD release more than I did their self titled CD that came out in 2005. The material on this Mad Scientist CD tends to go more into the outer space / sci-fi realm much like their earlier releases. I would put this release right up their with their 1996 Is It Man Or Machine masterpiece. Kraftwerk and George Clinton are once again stuck in an elevator and that's a good thing in case you're wondering!
Tight CD....Nice production & everything. If you like Gangsta Music this is for you. I recommend it fully. Anybody know of Vol. 1? I have this one & Vol. 3
This was a great listen.  I wasn't familiar with "The Avid Record Collector's" work, but this album demonstrates his strong production abilities.  Rise, as usual, shines.
Rise is crazy on point with the lyricism as usual. He's got punchlines for days of the variety that are on another level in comparison to his contemporaries. Rise is that dude, period.
after all these years than can come back and still be tight like that - much much much respect ! damn.... legends for real - funky as f....
That's just some of my favorite Gangster Rap music.... always played that when kicking it with the homies....like it alot
This is 1 of the best & hardest West Coast albums ever! The beats slump & the lyrics r filthy as hell!
I was already familiar with the first two songs and liked them. Changes, is one of my favorites songs. The third song was a great surprise. As usual picking up the whole album yields good songs that you may not normally hear. I only wish they would do more together. Both are excellent artists separate or together.I would definitely recommend to a friend.
KURUPT PRESENTSTHE PENAGON VOL 1This is a great album with the great Kurupt who as you know is my favorite rapper out there. This album has some great production from Teknizzle who did the whole album and some great tracks by Kurupt and company.1.INTRO-great introduction with Kurupt letting you know what to expect over one of the coolest sounding instrumentals ever from Teknizzle.2.2 MANY-Tek's production has that classic west coast feel on this and kind of a Dr Dre type feel to it. Of course Kurupt sounds excellent over this production and kills the first verse. Young De [this song first appeared on his "Audio Hustlers"] kills the second verse followed by an excellent B Real of Cypress Hill. Also the hook is really catchy and matches the style of the track well.4.5/53.IF U WANNA RIDE-Tek production is amazing on this track with an Asian influenced sound with some great horns added in as well to make it harder. Gail Gotti who is Kurupt's wife destroys the first verse with a killer flow and also delivers a great hook. Slo Stallone takes the second verse and does a great job and Kurupt kills the last verse. Still I think it was Gail who stole the show on this one, great single right here.5/54.NUTHIN-all the same players from the last song are here along with Problem, and of course Tek supplies a great beat for all of them to destroy. Slo Stallone as maybe my favorite verse on this track with a great play on words here, Problem shows why he is one of the best from the new west. Gail is great on the hook along side hubby Kurupt.5/55.GUN 4 GUN RMX-two of the Four Horsemen [Killah Priest & Kurupt] are on this one with Nas, and this is another excellent track. Priest starts it off with a great flow and verse and I love what he says in his verse. Next up is Nas with a very catchy flow with a great and real verse about some things, his flow is perfect on this. Kurupt ends things off with one of the best verse lyrically on the while album, love the 17 swords thing. Tek delivers once again with a wonderful instrumental that all sound great over.5/56.WALK AWAY-this is possibly the best song on the album because Kurupt destroys this track on all the verses, and he sounds great on the hook. This is the Kurupt that lyrically mashes every thing he touches, his style and lyrics on this track are amazing. Also Tek's production on this track is flawless.5/57.HOOD IN YA LIFE-Kurupt and his brother Roscoe come together on this one over a bouncy Tek production. Kurupt starts things off with a good verse and sounds great on the hook, love the beat on this one. Roscoe destroys it on this one though with a great verse and flow, he sounds tailor made for this type of track. They share the last verse and of course deliver on it, good track.4/58.LIFE WE CHOOSE-now this is with out a doubt a classic here with Tek's wonderful deep production. The thing that really makes this is A Dub on the hook as he supplies some wonderful vocals on the chorus. Kurupt of course spits excellent over this track and kills it with a great flow, especially the second verse. This could be a great single because I would love to see a video for this one.5/59.THA PAPER-Young De returns as does Roscoe along side Kurupt who kicks it off with a lethal verse and flow. Roscoe comes in next with a money oriented verse as Kurupt goes off next then Roscoe returns to drop a great verse. Kurupt is up again as they talk about what they did at what age. Young De is on the hook as Kurupt and Roscoe do their thing on this track over another great Tek beat.4.5/510.BACC 2 THA HOUSE-Tek drops a nice east coast yet southern influenced sounding production for this Philly track. Gillie Da Kid, Reed Dollaz, Young Hot, and Kurupt each take turns on this one. Each one sounds good on this track and kill their verse. Still this one is a posse track so there really isn't a hook. Kurupt has the best verse on here as one would expect and ends things nicely.4.5/511.DO WHUT I DO-Tek drops another Dre influenced track here but Joins Kurupt on the track and sounds good on the hook. Kurupt kicks things off once again with a great flow and verse, poetry analyst. And then finishes things off with another great verse that may be better than his first, lyrical puzzle.5/512.I GOT U-easily one of the best songs on the album, this track is all about family and has that feeling to it as well. Tek really crafted an instrumental that really brings the feelings out in these two brothers. A-Dub's vocals on the chorus are amazing and helps make this track a classic and adds to the feeling of love between two brothers. Kurupt is up first with a wonderful verse about his life and his brother and with lines like "I put my brother in the game at 13, I exposed him to all kinds of negative things [wish I didn't]" you can feel the emotion in his words. Roscoe is up next and just like his brother expresses nothing but love for his big bro, this track makes me think of my brother man, excellent song.5/513.RAP OR DEATH RMX-this is a remix of a track that Gail Gotti put out and this new version is excellent. Gail starts it off with a wonderful verse as one would expect, I can't wait for her album. The whole Penagon is on this track including the head, Kurupt who kills it of course over Tek's epic sounding production.5/5This is a great album that I think everyone who likes this kind of music would really enjoy. It is full of great production and some wonderful verses full of venomous flows and lyrics, good stuff.
This is the best and most wonderful piece of music that shows the true feelings of most of the fans of the anime and manga and how they act, I wouldn't be surprised if he sung spin offs of homestuck or MLP with his talent to capture their greatness as well.
This guy...I originally found one of his songs and was immediately hooked. Then I discovered out of all his crazy amount of singles, he had a 2009 album. It's so incredible for someone that is completely unnoticed. He deserves crazy credit and I think I will be checking out his other non-anime related music due to what he has proven in this album. Unlike most of these other people reviewing; I don't see the theme for these songs as comedy, I hear it as a beautiful art that anime fans can relate to. His beats are solid, and the lyrics produce incredible imagery. The track "Sasuke" is my favorite kind of his. When he gets on those keys for that dark-aggressive tone; he really shows the characters and stories in such an impressive manner. I don't see it as a gimmick at all, but as an interesting theme. His music inspired me to pick up the manga and start reading again. Also to start working on my own anime-inspired hip hop beats. I hope he doesn't stop making anime-inspired music, and if anything else; start bringing justice to other series as well. They better pay him well for this art, it can't be easy. Mad props.
Best hip-hop album of all time. Couldn't stop listening to it. It displays sophistication and the finest beats with the best lyrics. In my opinion, Rath is the epitome of what a gangsta thug should be. If you don't know what he's talking about on these tracks, then you've got little or no street cred.
This has got to be the most...i...just don't even know what to say. Wow. Really? I think the songs and the CD cover speak for themselves. The Shikamaru track...priceless. As the title says...lolwut?
I actually downloaded this CD for a friend because he could not get it in stores. I have been a fan of Nine since the mid 90's. I would say that this CD delivers, what a lot of people do not know is that Nine was the original one with his deep voice, it was DMX and Ja Rule that came after him with the same sound. If you like his new stuff I would recommend checking out his first two Cds that were released my all time favorite song of Nine's is the "Lying King".
I'm listening on my computer.  I LOVE this track!!!!  I heard it on the radio not too long ago and I love this old school song.  Thank you Amazon Prime for my free track!!!!  This is the best party track ever (well one of them)!Yesterday, I actually bought the extended track (7:48) on iTunes, free is better.  Actually this free version is really coo on Primel!!!!  But I like having both.  The beats are different.  The extended version on iTunes is more of a dance jam.  The one on Amazon is has a rocker and more grittier feel.
Nothing makes something play in my computer better than downloading it directly to the drive.Classic track - excellent quality!
Refreshing, original, distinct, musical, and an interesting fusion of genres. I will gladly support Johnny Polygon as one listen of his myspace page had me sold. This is not your typical "cookie-cutter" hiphop musician, this is actually music with thought and integrity.I can't wait for a full length album.
Group Hug is filled w/catchy tunes w/a voice unlike another. Instant fan w/"I Been Runnin." I'd file this music under the genre: DOPE since originality is magnified throughout the entire project.
I downloaded a freebie song from Amazon from this album and wanted more of Cocoa Tea right away. It's a great, upbeat collection of songs that go great with everything from chillin' on vacation to the ride home from work.
Gregory Isaacs was a class act and this recording reflects his genius.I,for one,will miss his passion.I feel one of the privileged to have seen the Cool Ruler on multiple occasions and the last was@the House Of Blues, Hollywood,four months before he was taken from us on October 25th2010.A Truely Great Artist,he is missed.
I love Roots Reggae and this is a must have... I Just wanted to add my 5 star rating. 20 words is hard when you just want to to post 5 stars. Just be care of the poor MP3 conversions from Amazon.
Possibly one of the best Gregory albums alongside Night Nurse and More Gregory. One of the few albums that I can play from start 'till finish without getting bored. Ridims and Gregory's crooning are so alive track after track, never missing a beat. Lots of tracks too. Enuff to qualify for a double album. He released so many albums (some of them crappy) and it's easy to get lost in the shuffle but this is a MUST HAVE if you are a TRUE Gregory fan.
Unlike in most genres of music, I find that in Reggae music, we as fans tend to be, thankfully, more and more accepting of our artists when they are truly talented. While I do often fret and am disgusted by the fact that so many of our elder artists often have to leave the island completely in terms of recording (or even LIVING in many cases) simply in order to continue to enjoy the status which they previously enjoyed. And while, of course, time changes things and the elders have to make room for the youths, it is just so distressing that so many of our once SUPERSTAR names have to go and find their fan bases a foreign or risk ending up in Jamaica still, but terribly impoverished. BUT. The wonderful part of that, if there is such a thing is that these places do exist for some of the artist to STILL find people who enjoy their music, beyond the classics and often DEMAND new material, keeping them in the limelight constantly; exactly where they belong. For example, take the case of the recently deceased legendary Alton Ellis. Ellis spent the latter portions of his life living in Europe where he apparently enjoyed a very large status, which he deserved of course (now, in his death, his status as one of the greats is eternally secure). The thing about that, however, is that in Alton Ellis' case in particular, he was one of the few who could have gone virtually ANYWHERE there were fans of Reggae music because his music is just that timeless and even later in his life (THANKFULLY) he retained the ability to sing his classics sounding nearly just like the youth he was on the day he recorded most of them. Another and more current nice example would be that of Prezident Brown. I don't rightly know where Prezident Brown lays his head these days, but I find it simultaneously so unusual, yet comforting that nearly EVERY TIME I get a promo of a new tune of his, or even a full blown album, it is almost an official accounting of his worldly travels of sorts (like a blog!) because they'll come literally from ANYWHERE on the planet. From the UK to the US and everywhere in between (there's actually nothing in between. . . Bermuda) and that is just LOVELY as the Reggae family extended keeps he who is purely one of the most talented Reggae artists to ever walk the planet in our thoughts. If you have proven, certifiable and unquestionable talent like Brown, like Ellis and so many others there will always be a door open for you in Reggae music.Especially when is you who helped to build the frame on which the door swings. Unfortunately, what is often the case of albums with foundation artists which are new is that they'll come out for some very random and obscure type of label and, at least to my eyes, I'm SO used to identifying such albums as merely greatest hits or other type of compilations, whether the picture on the album cover is new or not. That's just the way it is. However, late 2008 and here in early 2009 two releases in particular have caught my eye as not being like that and actually being well done and well presented. The first is Horace Andy who is out with the album Inspiration Information 2 alongside UK based musician/producer/engineer, Ashley Beedle. II is being promoted VERY well and despite the fact that I don't like it (AT ALL), it is so nice to see Andy getting that type of spin. And, of course, there is the equally legendary Linval Thompson who is coming through with the SPARKLING Ghetto Living! Thompson's name is one which arguably holds as much weight as anyone's in the Reggae business (arguably) EVER. Thompson comes from the school/class of artists which included the likes of Freddie McGregor, Cornell Campbell and, of course, the Crown Prince of Reggae himself, Dennis Brown. Thompson's place amongst these legendary figures is SO secure and even a bit different than most as he has a long career as a producer during which he has produced all three of the aforementioned names, pennacling with the CLASSIC Big Ship for McGregor; both the song and the subsequent album of the same title, both of which are regarded as staples not only for McGregor and Thompson but the entire genre of Reggae music, as a whole. Recently, Linval Thompson's hasn't been a name which has been resonating very much in terms of actually doing work, he has, to my knowledge spent what time he has contributed to the music on the road, for the most part throughout Europe and in the States as well. Thus, even the possibility of a new full length studio album (of which the promotion boasts is his "first new studio album in fifteen years") is very appetizing for hardcore Reggae heads worldwide (especially Europeans because they are currently receiving a tour from the legendary singer apparently). Simply put, Linval Thompson's Ghetto Living is SERIOUS business! It is a more than welcome return to the scene of one of the genres greatest practitioners ever and it is currently receiving quite a buzz all over the place and I'm really appreciating that fact (again, particularly from the Europeans). Ghetto Living is released through Thompson's own longtime label, Thompson Sounds and is distributed (digitally only as far as I know) through Zojak (which is the best and biggest named digital distributor of Reggae music, having recently worked with the likes of Anthony B, Cocoa Tea and Anthony Red Rose (apparently not getting to Amazon yet, although the website describes that as "pending") for the masses. Ghetto Living as expected, features production from Thompson himself AND, unexpectedly, from one of my favourite producers of all time, Philip `Fattis' Burrell from the legendary Xterminator label (who I figured was retired from the business, but hopefully Ghetto Living marks a full on return from Thompson and Burrell alike). It also, perhaps even more importantly, features quite a bit of input from Thompson's own twelve year old son (the next Genius!). So how would a foundation artist remake himself in this modern day and age to score a winner? Maybe he wouldn't remake himself at all and score even bigger because of it.Ghetto Living as a whole virtually transports the listener back to the 1970's as he RARELY makes a concession to any aspect of time, WONDERFULLY. And I'll also mention, going in, that if this is the first time you've heard Linval Thompson's music, you'll first probably notice that CLASSIC earthly tone to his voice which on Ghetto Living sounds nearly as good as ever. My ears literally jumped on the first tune that rings in the album, the downright blessed Natty Africa. This is a sweet sweet vibes about repatriation and HOME and love in general and really one so crucial and yet so simple that it is, to my ears, pretty essential and easily one of the finest efforts on the album altogether. There is better material on the album, but I doubt any of it would have sounded better starting things off. The title track rolls in quite early on in the second spot and although, to my ears, it trails Natty Africa a bit, given the nature of the album which follows it and its strength as well, its quite evident why it was chosen as the title track. If you've ever been a person living in the ghetto then there is definitely some aspect to this tune (and by extension, the album as a whole) which you'll more than be able to relate to (and as someone who was raised in the country, I can even relate a bit to it from my side, country ghetto we used to call it). The tune does develop quite a bit and, although it remains quite simple throughout, what you need to focus on is in the lyrics, anyway. Big tune. Hustler completes the all around stellar opening for Linval Thompson's Ghetto Living and its actually somewhat similar to the title track which precedes it. Hustler is a tune which is just about what the title indicates but in the positive sense; doing whatever one has to do to help one's family. Having definitely been in that position myself (but not anymore, thankfully) the tune hit me especially and for me ranks amongst the class of the album.Its unique that, as I mentioned, Thompson hardly ever makes any concession to the age having passed in terms of the vibes here, however, when he does makes a most obvious concession, he does so in GRAND fashion. The first single from Ghetto Living, Bad Boys, features Thompson alongside criminally underrated modern chanter Warriour King and it is a wonderful thing! Certain to be the one tune having the most spins I love the combination between the two and hope to see Thompson take on more such projects in the future (do we see Linval Thompson - Etana???!!!). That being said, to my ears, Ghetto Living's greatest musical success comes with Thompson riding all alone when the MAMMOTH Jah Jah Is My Father rolls in! The tune literally brought tears to my big grown man eyes! It comes in on the breath of "Jah Jah is my Father. Jah Jah is the Creator!" INDEED Mr. Thompson. The vibes remain that high throughout and seriously, this tune is as best as the legendary singer has EVER done, period. For all old school Linval Thompson fans, anytime you can get him anywhere near an herbalist type of tune you're potentially working with magic like what he gave us with I Love Marijuana so many years back and he gives it quite a nice run on the album with Free Marijuana and if you loved that old tune (and I did) this one just may hit you on similar levels. Free Marijuana is a rather clever (if you are a HARDCORE STRANGELY DEEP Linval Thompson fan then you'll notice some very `familiar' vibes in that one which I won't spoil for you here). Roots Princess also has a very familiar vibes in it and is just a SWEET lover's piece for the ladies and, as is typical for Thompson's vibes, its so UNDERSTATED, its barely even there, easily overlooked, but should you dive into the tune, the reward is well present, trust. Natural Beauty is a similarly vibed tune (this one even more of a pure lover's) which has a more updated riddim backing it (probably one of the Xterminator blends, even though I don't recognize it) although I do still favour Roots Princess. And just to complete that thought check the tune Empress which features loud and slightly agitated Empress Thunderous (who I have heard of before) on the tune. To my knowledge, Thunderous was the last find of Xterminator and she was (awkwardly) afforded some of the labels vaulted riddims a few years back where she sounded better (at her core she is kind of a Dancehall voiced roots DJ), but she sounds quite awkward here indeed. As Ghetto Living winds down, it still saves space for some VERY impressive material. Speaking of material, check the WICKED All Is Vanity which may be a good choice for a single should they choose to do another. Even stronger, however, is Love Brother, Love which. . . Is somewhere in Reggae stratosphere. If you like dub (more on that in a minute) then check the nearly forty second long intro on the tune which brings in a vibes circa 1972 and when Thompson begins his singing, the guitar jumps in and several other pieces to bring in easily the best backing track on ANY song on Ghetto Living. The tune itself is a reminder to just ease back a bit and let go of the violence and pick up some love instead. One the album's best, easily. And ending things is the very familiarly vibed Halla Dem A Bawl. The tune comes in across a relick of the same riddim which supports Cocoa Tea's well powerful Criminality tune (and it may be a remake from some other source as well) and it's pretty much on that level (if not better) and a truly excellent way to take things out.Now, briefly I'll mention the presence of two dubs from Free Marijuana (Marijuana Dub) and Roots Princess (Roots Princess Dub). Besides having worked with artists like Dennis Brown, Freddie McGregor etc. Brown has also worked alongside Dub legends such as Lee `Scratch' Perry, King Tubby and even the Scientist (who dubbed out some of Thompson's riddims on his own). This was a very nice touch and I'm sure the old hats will appreciate it and this younger hat does as well. To my ears, Marijuana Dub is more solid but Roots Princess definitely holds its own (especially when the saxophone kicks in). WOULD HAVE LOVED TO SEE ONE FOR Natty Africa and Love Brother, Love as well. All in all: Very well done Mr. Thompson.Overall, not too long ago, earlier this year, Daweh Congo released a next project by the name of Ghetto Skyline. Both that album and Linval Thompson's Ghetto Living are closely related in terms of vibes and the sounds on the albums, respectively. Therefore, I'm also instinctively compelled to compare the two together. Ghetto Living is a better album. As it was officially released two or three weeks shy of the end of the year, it will be more closely associated with 2009 and thus is an early favourite for album of the year! Its that good. What Thompson and company have done here is prove that, like I said, good talent is always to be appreciated in Reggae music. I don't know if this marks a full fledged return to the scene for the legendary singer (I don't think Thompson even knows himself) but another effort like Ghetto Living and we may have to stop thinking of him as a and old time foundation artist; and start thinking of him as one of the best of today. AMAZING! GO GET IT!
Alex Torres and his Latin Orchestra will make you sweat in a blizzard. Their beats are on fire. The horn section will have the hairs on your neck standing straight up. They sizzle and they tickle, then they pick you up never letting you down. You will sway back and forth long after the music stops. These folks hold down the best latin rhythms you'll find here in the US. World Class - you've got to love them. More amazingly... they're accessible and make themselves available to perform. And whatta show!
I love this cd i wish esg still rapped like this, this is one of my favorite cds of all times hard to believe that an independent artist would make a cd this nice
Like DramaHe always come with a good VibeCheck Out  Tiec Tocc's  New artist i found on Amazon His song " Frozen " Is refreshinghelp me thru a rough lil time lol
I really enjoyed this album. Where other dancehall may leave you flat, this queen shows her listeners how she earned her crown. It is a shame that there are no other Mp3 download albums for Queen Ifrica available.
Garth one of the few true danksters out there, keep doing your thing homie, love that norcal sound, check out the rest of Garth Culti Vader's collection
This Album goes In Depth About The Times We live In,powerful rhymes over powerful Beat's It's A Dark Album you will have this on repeat 4 A Very Long Time A True Hip Hop Masterpiece
This album has stronger points. It's consciousness is off the chart. Break the leviathan spell(reference to nuwapian teachings) which is a spell that we're all as a global civilization as we've begun to become dependent on technology and material life styles. This album is simply a 5 out of 5. There are tracks such as "Touchscreen Queen" that are just so on point and clever. To very strait up songs such as "Black Devils". My personal favorite is "Oh! America" its very conscious and very much filled around the history of African Americans. Now to be realistic, I don't necessarily care for "I Am King" the lyrics are dope, but I can't really get into the beat or the chorus itself. Which brings me to the music of this album.. I've been a fan of SOL since Coming Forth By Day (My favorite album.. if you know SOL for their previous works you'll know they're the epitome of Jazz/Conscious/Nuwapian Hip-Hop. This album (musically) sounds absolutely nothing like any of the previous albums, in the sense that there is not really any major jazzy beats or samples as before, so I think musically, this album could be a hit or miss for classic SOL fans. In my personal opinion ID 4 Windz did a good job all throughout the album with the personal exception of "I Am King", but even then I think over time i'll get into that song. I think this album was a great effort to Musically be relevant with it's time (being 09) yet continue with that original SOL lyricism which is still relevant to this day in 2012 and will continue till we break the leviathan spell! 9 to the 9th power of 9!! - ElCh3
Jayson & Oliver is a ticking time bomb ready to explode into the mainstream! I can't believe they are still unsigned!
another excellent example of how we're missing out on our own talent here in the US.these cats have been putting out fresh, upbeat jazzy hip-hop that's straight up fun and straight up from the heart.they're huge in Japan, and I still can't understand what's wrong with us here in the States. I was lucky to cop their CD when I was overseas this year, and it's already become of my favorites of 2009.don't miss out on this gem!!
As the title says. I wanted a good mix of old school hip hop and this was the best I found. All songs are done the the OG artist and not some cover. There are a few live versions of songs but they are just as good as the original.
This music has it all: great songs, great beats, great nostalgia.  nothing more to ask for in a workout playlist!
I've been into and out of Cage for a long time.  This EP is why I love him.  He does a lot for a music style that has languished in the same trappings for far too long (rap), and has put his spin on it and churned out what I would consider a really good alternative rock albumn that I could play for my hip hops heads as well.  His production oozes emotion and clean technique on every track on this (awesomely!), free EP and I think if anyone were to bridge the gap between good hip hop and good rock this is the guy who should lead the charge.If you liked this EP then check out his free cut on the Definitive Jux sampler (also free from Amazon), and hear some other really interesting artists.  Others I could recommend would be El-P and Aesop Rock and of course Peaches as they have the same vibe and are equally evocative and interesting (to me anyway).
It seems like ever since P.O.S. was first signed to Rhymesayers, a lot of Alt. Rap and Hip Hop artist have been fusing Punk and Rock influences in their music on a level that doesn't suck which in turn has been very exciting haha. In my opinion this EP is completley bonkers, that fact of the matter being that prior this hearing this, I didn't really like the guy, but I love this release so you should totatlly get it, it's worth you time haha.
if youre a fan of old cage, this might not be for you, unless you are open to artists growth.  this is far from the agent orange days.  the production on this ep is dope, features one of the last camu tao beats "follow the bleeder" an epic track.  sean martin did most of the other production.  these could be b-sides are songs that didnt make dfm, after numerous listens to both, that what it seems like.  if youre a fan of dfm and hells winter, this is a must-plus its a free download.  cages style seems so simple, but there is some much depth to the lyrics, and i think the newer production fits his style better..we shall see what the future holds for ck, hopefully a weathermen album at the least.
I love old cage and I love new cage, he's always putting out dope music and I'll always be a fan of his.
I got this as a free download from Amazon (thanks!) and both my fiance and I are absolutley in love with this music now...dark, powerful, and very very talented...we are now the newest Cage fans!  MMFWCL
Awesome, great music. I heard this and was immediately hooked. I sat and listened to every song about 8 times before stopping myself to put it on my ipod. This writing is..impeccable. It is the kinda music that you listen to, sit back, and think, "f-the world".Cage fan forever.
Love it.  Am new to Cage, and from what I read -and hear- this is not the same Cage as years ago. I prefer this newer stuff.
Just like what the previous reviewer says and more so.  This is the definition of "Whole nother level."  I was waiting and hoping for something when I heard Ish on the Jake One song "Home.  I won't say much else besides totally f$%king mind-blowing, just wow. Buy both albums and see for yourself. Get the CD's because you get really cool patches to go with them.
Ish is like some kind of unclassifiable brilliant precious jewel in a beach full of stones. His light (music) illuminates land and sea, outer space and our deepest souls. What can I say? I must remain quiet out of humility. Words can't do this justice. Dear listener! Get down on your knees and thank your Creator for giving you the chance to hear these messages. May Allah continue to bless him.
The first time i heard this rap was in a night club called the lejoint. The group Rhapazooty in Blue was playing live and i though this was one of the best rap to remix Good times from chic. Looking for cd on this old school rap.
The phattest ole school rap of all time.  I used to rock this when I jocked back in Paterson, NJ back in the seventies
This is one of those gems that come around every now and then and makes you say wow! A great mixture of g-funk and modern bayrap...samples of rick james, what else do u need! Smooth production by D-Good. Peep the samples then scoop up the cd or download it asap...playa!!!
Can't believe people are hating on the interludes.  I love them (especially green sea pageant).  Hard to place the feeling this album gives you (someone else said "nostalgic and fuzzy" which is pretty much right on), but the fact that it gives you one at all is reason enough to buy it!
Nice. Beats.Get it, you will regret not getting it. It's just a pity they don't have the original packaging in stock, so you have to buy this rubbish box. Nevertheless, if it comes to even downloading it of iTunes, just get it!
This album is just AMAZING!!!! I can't say much since music is a lot more subjective than other forms of media, but this album is simply one of the best I have EVER heard. In fact, I purchased this album at least a year ago and still to this very day, I don't think I've gone a day without listening to at least one song off it.Let me tell you to, there are not many albums out there I can go back to so easily. Most of the newer stuff out these days can capture your interest for about a month or two at the best, but this just transcends so many levels for me.If you catch this album for cheap, DO NOT hesitate to pick it up!!!
Just an exceptionally lush and original debut by Lone aka Matt Cutler, one half of the brilliant Nottingham based combo Kids-in-Trachsuits. Cutlers combination of nostalgic fuzzyness and hammering hip hop instrumentals will keep you dreaming and head-nodding at the same time. This album is big!
This album has to the best overlooked gem I've come across this year and believe you me, I've looked high and low for something this good. But since it's not even been 2 years since its release I don't feel too bad. I purchased 'Sea Spray' and 'Lens Flare Lagoon' off my iTunes account and I haven't gotten them out of my head the past 2 weeks and I hope I never do. I could buy this last remaining copy but I think I'll let the next lucky customer buy it and I'll snatch the remainder of 'Lemurian' from iTunes, which will be about the same price. Otherwise this last copy would be mine and you'd be missing out on one the greatest musical finds in your lifetime.Remember, he who hesitates is a chump!
The real deal...I like a mix of music, but whatever style I listen to I like it to be real. Z-Ro is one of the realest rappers around, so he gets my vote.
ro is the man...real music straight outta the south.cop this if u bang screwed up music....po it up.already its goin down in the south
this is the song from the bud light weego rescue dog commercial. How awesome is that!! nick nack patty whack!
Butter is on top of his game His lyrical flow sparkles and shines as his delivers a supreme and powerful message if one is willing to hear it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DO not sleep on Shabazz Palaces.  This album, along with the other Self-titled one are nothing short of spectacular.  These could be the most important albums to come along in some time.  The stuff is sooo good I want to gush all about it, but I will restrain myself.  When I saw that only one person had reviewed these albums I couldn't believe it and had to put my two cents in.  Buy the CD's cuz of the cool patches and listen to it on a really good system or headphones and blast-off.
Listened to the samples of the first three tracks and immediately bought this.  Came across it wondering what Butterfly from Digable Planets is up to these days and found it, but it's completely different.  Much bigger, trippy, wall of sound approach to the music and beats.  Like if DP had sampled Mahavishnu Orchestra and the Strawberry Alarm Clock instead of all that more accessible jazzy stuff.  Excellent.
My youngest child who is seven loves this song so I needed to get it downloaded for her. Thank you
It's a classic song.  I don't care what they say about the singer, it was a hit in the 80's and it would always be a part of it.
this album is great to listen to in the car, working out, and studying too. I am however say since it took me sssoooo long to tisten and buy it!
Personally this is my favorite RJD2 album and it is simply amazing. If you dig this type of music and like instrumental then this is right up your alley.
This CD by MC ADE is one of the best in hip hop of all time. It is a must have in any collection. Fun, Witty and entertaining. No foul language. It's a party in itself!
Came across this from listening to The Movement on Pandora and it is really good. Don't know much about these guys other than NoNeedz seems to be the main singer. Great mix of Reggae and Rap. Wish they had more albums. Gonna have to check out Noneedz solo stuff and see if its as good as this. But this album just makes me feel good!
well done well put together these mc's are the type keeping underground hip hop the best form of hip hop, cant wait for the soul khan solo album
this is what it's all about kids:  beats and rhymes.  keep an eye out for these cats; they are doing big things.  i've been a fan for a year and a half and i can tell you they got more to come.  check out the soul kahn battles on youtube.
i discovered soulico when they released their first mixtape - masabacha - digging in a record store in tel aviv.  their mash ups and blends of american hip hop and middle eastern folk tunes  has set dance floors on fire since 2004 and Exotic, their first full length of original music, does not disappoint.  bringing together folk and original melodies, replacing samples with live instruments, and bringing together israeli, palestinian, and American MCs make this a ground breaking album.  be sure to check the Rye Rye track (exotic on the speaker), SOS, Avood MeAhava, and 1,000 Nights to sample the variety of flavors Soulico cook up.
Soulico has an original sound, blending American hip hop with Middle Eastern rhythms. Exotic on the Speaker is full of great guest rappers on every track, from Ghostface to Rye Rye to Del to Lyrics Born, and they each bring a unique style, but as a whole, this album is very consistent.
Everyone in our family loves this disc.  You will listen to it every day and it will have you dancing around your house like a maniac.  Infectious.
Have to say was looking for someone else and came upon this album and it was great for 6 bucks worth the money
I love this album... perfect blend of all sorts of great music. Definitely would recommend listening to the whole album. Don't miss!!
I'll start by stating that I've become a fan of the mashup scene as of late.  Mashups, or remixes, consist of 2 or more songs combined or blended together to sound like a true mix/recording.  I've downloaded quite a bit of remixed music off Amazon in the past year, and let me say............DJ Godfather is the BEST.  Hands down.  He takes hit songs from the 70's, 80's, and 90's and blends them seamlessly together.  If you don't like hip hop, then you shouldn't be reading this!  lol.  So, hopefully you like to move ur azz, and this is an excellent set of songs to do that to.  When I found Godfather on here, I sampled the songs and decided- WTH??  Why Not?He starts off with AC/DC to Lynyrd Skynyrd to Buckcherry to Beastie Boys to Run DMC to DMX to Queen to Linkin Park to Prince to Rob Base to Steppenwolf to everything else.  Even his commercial advertisements are blended smoothly in the mixes.  If you have listened to CB Shaw and dug his work, then you won't be disappointed with Godfather.  I could go on and on, but it wouldn't justify it.  Just buy it.  I don't think you'll regret it.You'll be the next superstar DJ at your next party- thanx to DJ Godfather!!
Gotta say... that is album is "The 'Ish!!!"  this will get you goin', whether you in the car, at home or at work!! this album definitely puts you in the right mind set to get a party started right! awesome mixes, the music flows and great mashups!
I think I gotta get this in my iPhone cuz I might wear the disc out...thanks for the beats and everything else.  Smokin'!
I had this when it first came out and loved from the start. I would recommend if your into rap that has a meaning. Lyrics that only tell a story not a bunch of no-sense.
Best cd ever I love this cd every song is a hit a must have cd for old times of the southern rap
If you really never heard of these guys but you heard about a rapper named Crooked I....Well these are his blood bothers and the apple dont fall to far from the tree as these are some of the most underrated rappers u mite not kno of...Lyrics galore!!  good beats and even better ryhmes. well put together album...C.O.B
wow! lyrics are insane..lyrically these young dudes are on a whole other level than everyone else...multi-syllabic rhymes gallore and metaphors that will make your favorite rapper piss his pants...if this is only the beggining for these guys then the future is bright.
1 price for 2 good albums! Has been hard for 50 to reproduce albums like these... These are classics that just belong in your itunes library whether your a fan or not!
i love this song because it has a great beat and lil jon has a neat voice. i love it!
It really brought back some memories! Classic songs real rap. The purchase was easy and so was the download process I would not hesitate to make another purchase of music on amazon
One of the best albums I've heard in years, and Killator is the shit. Awesome lyrics, amazing beats, and I am lucky enough to have my copy signed.GO LISTEN TO CORPSE CIRCUS. YOU WILL LOVE THEM.
you need this album... bottom line - buy itoh and if you want a hard copy - [...]a classic
I absolutely Love this. A must buy for any CC fan. Buy this one and everything else they have :)
No one more real in the norcal hip hop game than Garth Culti Vader.  Can't go wrong, would love to see you on tour some day man.
THIS COMPILATION IS WAY BETTER THAN I THOUGHT ITD BE THANKS TO G-PACK & OTHER ARTISTS SUCH AS DIZ,T-SPOON,ST.NICK,E-MONEY,D-MAC(RIP) & MORE REPRESENTING SAN JOSE,CA IN 1994. ESSENTIAL BAY RAP
This album brings back so many memories!  I had the original given to me by San Quinn himself and played it until it wouldn't play any more.  There was no question that I wouldn't buy this album again and again.  I'm very happy to purchase it on mp3. Love this album!
Loved the music, he is an original... I would recommend this cd to friends.X2 is pretty amazing on stage, got to see him perform a super tallent.
Ice is one of the first, if not the first in a line that would extend to modern day. I like his first few albums a little more, but this still shines.
Classic album,wish No Limit would have not got rid of Beats By The Pound Productions,they could have lasted a lot longer than they did.
This is a classic!! The kind of album to play straight through without skipping tracks.  No doubt this is the BEST No-Limit album.  Not like the crap that's out today.  If you like dat REAL gutta dirty south, this is for you!  C-Murder IS the last of a dying breed!
No limit for life! I enjoy jamming C- Murder's &#34;Life or Death album.&#34; I can listen to the whole album with out skipping any songs.
Intelligent.Like the beat and linguistic tricks of rap, but not the misogynistic, homophobic, gangster-centric world of US rap? Highly recommend any of his stuff 5-star (4.5 for the business rap) and I've got most his work. If you've heard any of his bio themed tracks, same quality, different subject. He covers a lot of subjects with the same skill and depth as the bio tracks - mortgage/debt crisis (track 3), race relations (track 5), non-glorified view of military service (track 7), differences within feminism (track 9), religion (track 12) and the crowning jewel of this album - track 11.
This album has a lot of swagger. It might be of less academic interest to those who were turned on to Rap Guide to Evolution or Human Nature, but it's definitely got a lot of fantastic tracks for people into concious rap. I'll almost certainly cite "Conversation Civilized" in any future discussion about hip-hop and race. The tracks featuring Smoky Tiger are some of the most fun tracks in Baba's whole catalog.
Can't beat the price for this classic album seeing as how I paid $16.00 when it first came out. Brings back a ton of memories
This is a fantastic album from those living the life they sing.  San Diego~!!!!!!  Not to mention they are fabulous people.ciao per oraterry
These guys are destined for greatness. An honest band that has worked up from the obscure roots of a lower middle class upbringing to blow everyone away with genre-defying passionate music.
Parcel arrived quickly and in great condition. I imagined it would be a regular CD case but it was a paperback case, which is still fine. All-in-all everything was fine and Twenty one pilots is the best thing ever! |-/
A wonderful, catchy, unique sound. i love Twenty One Pilots. i hope this CD is issued as a CD rather than just an MP3 download. Also, am looking forward to their next creation!
Twenty one pilots could never disappoint. You want to remember what real artists sound like? Their creativity and talent speaks for itself. Everyone should listen to them all the time; every day. The world would be a better place.
lyrics are rich and full of deep meaning, I am always impressed by how well 21p incorperate their style with deep content.
I heard these guys a while ago on the radio. Intrigued, I began listening to a few more of their songs. Ever since that, I have been hooked. These guys have such powerful and honest lyrics, along with some really catchy music riffs. It's altogether bizarre...in a good way. The music is certainly different, and that's partly why I love it. I got to see them live a couple of months ago and it was amazing. If you get a chance, go see these guys. You will not regret it.
Love love love em. Has a wonderful beat with melancholy lyrics love these guys. Been listening to em for months now.
This album is amazing with all the different styles and meanings. I love Friend, Please because it is encouraging to me to know that someone feels the same way. I love all of these songs!
Twenty One Pilots has been one of those groups for me that when I first heard of them, I took them for fluke songs. But to my surprise, I found that indeed they maintained a steady draw of my attention and have quickly grown on me. They mix of instruments, rap, and high vocal intrigue my escalating interest. I already am looking anxiously for their new album out this January. Its hard to come across solid artists with non-sketchy content. Keep it up guys! And yes, I would recommend this group to anyone!
This is an amazing start for one of the freshest bands out today and I heavily encourage everyone to buy it
This album is great from the first song to the last. Vessel is good, but I believe this to be a superior album by far.
It's been a long time since I was excited about music.  These guys take me back to being a teenager again.
This album from start to finish keeps you mesmerized by their unique sound. Overall this album has a much darker theme than their others but that darkness is what makes this album a beauty. One of the greatest albums I've ever heard and would definitely recommend it to anyone that can get their hands on it!Standout Tracks: Fall Away, Addict With A Pen, Friend Please, Oh Ms Believer, Air Catcher, Trapdoor, A Car A Torch A Death, Taxi Cab, Isle Of Flightless Birds.
I have been listening to this CD for 2 years now and it still is in my regular rotation.  It is different than almost all music in my collection, but most infectious.  Their second CD "regional at best" is just as addicting.  I find it hard to describe their music.  It is emo hip-hop basically.  T. Joseph does rap a decent amount, but he can still crush on the vocals when he sings for real.
I had their most recent album, Vessel, and was looking for more of their music. Originally this was not available and all searches indicated it was only available from a download, but nowhere to be found.After seeing them live at the HOB in Boston in April I searched again and it suddenly appeared on Amazon.Similar to their Vessel album there are songs on this that require a few listens in order to really hear them. You get a sense for how far their current album has come from the beginning, but there are definite vibes that draw you in to all of the songs.As Tyler said in concert &#34;Thank You for Liking Weird Music&#34;. It's only weird if you've never heard it before. This album should be re-released so everyone can get a taste of weird music.Love It!
Great album. Loved the songs. Would be great of a CD format were available but I'm just glad to have the songs.
A great CD ! If u want a different sound and lyrics then this group is it , I've seen them at least 6 times and still can't miss them when they come to Florida !
This is a band that is really into the lyrics and it shows and works. I can listen to their cd from front to back without skipping a track. Awesome awesome album
My son recommended this group to me.  I listen to it nearly every day.  The music is unique and the message within the songs intriguing and thought provoking.  Love these artists.
awesome condition. great album. love it with all of my heart. would recommend for anyone who likes twenty one pilots or electronic/ukelele music.
Twenty One Pilots is an awesome group that anyone in the family can listen to. Their music is very addictive and no song gets old. The two guys (drummer and singer) are super high energy and make listening an awesome experience. I would recommend this group (all albums) to anyone with good taste in music...!!
Such a great cd! One of my favorite bands for sure! And the cd arrived before the day listed, so even better!
There are lots of great songs on this early endeavor by Twenty One Pilots.  If you enjoy &#34;Vessel&#34;, you'll enjoy this album as well.
My daughter absolutely loves this album!  5 stars for Twenty One pilots.She is completely addicted and can't stop listening!
Listened to this and  the Vessel album countless times. Enjoyed every song that I owned, and my only complaint off topic is that Regional at Best is unavailable for purchase.
One of the best up and coming bands I've ever had the pleasure of listening to.  Ranking up there in the top 5 of all time, for the type of music I enjoy.  Diversity in music, almost every song sounds different than the last, makes it hard to turn off the music.
Love their sound but even more so love the messages conveyed in their songs... great stuff and can't wait to get their 2009 album when it's available on amazon!
It's so refreshing to hear great music that makes you think!  Tyler Joseph is not only a great entertainer and musician but a very insightful young man with a lot to say!!! Love it!
I just recently found this group. Sadly it took their new single "Holding Onto You" for me to find them, but I have since purchased every song/album of their's I can find and haven't taken them out of my CD player since. While you can hear influences or similarities to other band here and there, they are truly unique which is getting harder to find anymore and refreshing to hear. I will be seeing them in concert in a few weeks and judging by the way I can't stop listening to them I'm sure it's going to rank right up there with the best shows I have ever seen. I have told everyone I can to check out Twenty One Pilots and I will continue to until I get as many as I can hooked, just like I am. I have people I never thought would enjoy their sound listening to their music and loving it.
One night, while flipping channels, I came upon Twenty-One Pilots on Palladia completely by accident.  My thumb was just about to push the button again but the brain would not allow it.  I ended up watching the whole show.  I was hooked and I didn't even know it! The next morning I looked them up online and came upon the album Vessel and downloaded immediately.  For my taste and money, this is the freshest and most original band since the Smashing Pumpkins.  Tyler's lyrics and Josh's drumming are superb.  The self-titled album is different from Vessel in its intensity and bravado.  Much more sedated than--but equally as precious and enjoyable--as Vessel.  In a sea of crappy and cheesy music, Twenty One Pilots is a very tiny island very hard to find, but once you do...you will never want to leave!
I recently found TOP and absolutely love them!  Think Blink 182 and AvA younger with more rap and more techno and no swearing so my kids can listen and actually get  a good message!
I love this album and was so excited to get it. The case was slightly bent on the corner but other than that it was fabulous. I lvoe twenty one pilots and look forward to more of them in the future.  |-/
Tyler Joseph and Josh Dun are on their way to being unstoppable classic artists, if their first 3 albums are THIS GOOD, there is no denying how great they are going to evolve and get better and better, I can't even imagine how that is going to be, but I please hope to God it happens!!!
Bought this for a friend and he LOVES it.  He received the genuine article, not a knock off.  Twenty One Pilots is his favorite band, so he was really tickled pink.
Just got into these guys awhile ago. They're amazing! I suggest those newer to the band also check out Vessels (which is AMAZING as well) and if possible (on youtube or what not) check out another of their albums called Regional At Best!
I love the band and really enjoyed their newest cd, so I was glad to able to find this. Great band, great music.
Really good album, track after track.  I Especially enjoy &#34;The Pantaloon&#34; and &#34;Addict with a Pen.&#34;  Their new album, Vessel, is even better!
I happened upon these guys on YouTube and it took 1 1/2 songs before I bought both albums Vessel and Twenty-one Pilots and haven't regretted it one bit.  The vocal gymnastics is a only matched in energy by watching them perform the work that obviously streams out of them like genius - pure genius!  BUY it!  Don't waste any more time!I just bought tickets to see them touring and November 25th can't come soon enough for DC's 9:30 Club!
I almost stopped listening to rap/hiphop altogether until I stumbled onto K-Rino. That was 2 years ago and he's the only rapper I do listen to now. I can completely understand why he's so underground... he's too real for the mainstream and the so called artist that gets airtime these days. Mad respect for K
All I can say a perfectly made CD with different tracks of different albums. A must buy! P.s. I want to add buy the Sony Pulse Wireless Stereo Headset under video games cost $120.00, the most amazing headphones or something cheaper with great bass and sound. The Sony MDR ED12LP for $15.00
Love the lyric always good music and a good laugh! Defiantly a good buy since you dont have to deal with CD's.
This album is smokin' hot.  I have listened to it over and over and never get sick of it.  Macklemore has a crazy sense of humor and that adds a lot of fun to the music.  If you are into Helladope, Blue Scholars, Grynch, and Fresh Espresso, you are gonna love Macklemore.
I was ABSOLUTELY thrilled with these early works, which reflect his struggles and background growing up.Really talented, and respectable artist, hope he sticks around.
ok I cant lie we got turned on to Macklemore from the Heist but WOW this one is great too I know its older but I havnt laughed so hard at a song in a long timeAmerican is a great parody on life andAnd we danced will be played at our wedding im sure LOLthere are thoughtful ones alsothe town is smooth and classic and Fallin really touched home with me and stuff ive been through
Glad I was able to get my hands on American and And We Danced after catching Macklemore at Sasquatch. Great EP.
Not as good as a new album, but I don't regret supporting this artist on any album he makes .
This album is great, an amazing mix of politics and humor. These two guys make some really enjoyable music together.
This CD is awesome. I am seriously laughing out loud listening to this on my headphones. Very refreshing underground hip-hop. This is where it is at.
I had just moved to Seattle the first time I saw The Town performed; I felt like I had become a part of something.  Fallin' has been my absolute favorite of all of the albums and EPs, but they're all legit.  The video work for the songs are just sick.The Town: [...]
The mainstream rap is absolutely nothing compared to this guy! His sound and his style is impossible to compete with. He is truly an inspiration to listen to and such a creative writer. I can not even imagine listening to mainstream rap after hearing his work!
Just as all of the other Macklemore music out there, this CD is wonderful. It has fun songs mixed with deep songs, perfect combination.
This is pure fun. Mack ain't trying to be hard or deep - wait that came out wrong. This is where alter egos shine and you get a real sense of getting to hang out with Macklemore and what he is like off stage - which is a weird thing to say about an album. Unplanned as the mix tape may be, it is damn fun to listen to and shows us that you don't have to be serious to make good music.
My first experience with Maklemore (besides Thrift Shop, of course) was with The Heist, an amazing album that I can find new meaning in every time i listen to it. I saw this album on sale and bought it for And We Danced, as i had heard that song before and loved it, and found alongside it a collection of songs that had the same passion i loved in The Heist. This is an older album, but its really awesome to see Macklemore was this good earlier on, listening to thins and The Heist back to back, neither of them compete with each other, they are equally good in their own ways. If you like Maklemore, then don't hesitate to get this album, its full of all the energy and seriousness and silliness that he's capable of, and the sound is killer.
And we danced is one of my favorite feel-good songs. I highly recommend this album if you liked The Heist.
Macklemore may have only been a blip on the radar when this EP came out, but it certainly has the necessary quality to make him what he is today. The final track will have your party, or your drive to work, up out of your seat and ready to shake that boo-tay.
Got some hot tracks. Some are comedic, some are soulful and meaningful, and some make ya just wanna dance! Get it!
Macklemore does a wonderful job in this album, he is genius for sure! We have purchased all of his albums and will continue to support this amazing artist!
It matters not if this was unplanned - sticking with true Macklemore style - you remember these songs. This is one of the more off beat and quirky albums but it's not fluff. Even while poking fun, Macklemore makes a solid point with his lyrics.
Macklemore is seriously amazing - his music and lyrics are unique and fresh and provocative and cool.What is it about Seattle's ability to pump out musicians that speak for entire generations?  I can't wait to hear more, and hope he will be around for a really long time.
If you only know Macklemore for the thrift song, you are really missing out on a great artist. Buy this album.
Love at at the first press of "play". I love this guy, i love his brutal honesty. Yeah, its white boy rap, but its original, real, funny, serious, its perfect. He isnt afraid to say what every other raper wont say. hes not caught up in what everyone else says or being "hard". I love it. "fallin" is my favorite song on this album. And he says he just wanted to get up on the stage and say something people could relate to, and thats just what he does. He makes music real people can relate to. not all the "big pimpin", "hard core" stuff... he is real, and sings about what he knows. I love it.
Just buy it, plain and simple. You won't regret it. I listened to this album over a 100 times in less than a day, simply amazing.
I'm a big hip hop head. This CD is one of the best of the year. The beats and production is something you would hear off a Dr. Dre CD. Great Work Jon Boy. Look forward to your next album.
I was really surprised on how good this album was. The beats, lyrics are all done really well. An Instant Classic.  Cant wait for Mr America..
This music is so great! I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it last December.  I highly recommend this!  You just have to get all the songs to really get a feel of what Collective Elements is all about, this band has personality.  Unlike any other musical group.  Love love love all the songs and can't wait for the next CD.
It is a good album I am glad I brought it. It was for my husband and he loves it
Simply put, don't miss out on this album. Its honestly one the best mixs I've ever heard. It will definitely get a party started and leave everyone wondering why they never really paid attention to tum tum.... You cant lose with this album so by it and enjoy..
Screwston!
Love this album! Classic G-pack, R.I.P. D-Mac. Favorite tracks are live or die , No Trust no fear and tears.
I love d.p., my mom went to his concert and brought home this cd, I love it. The beat is good and he doesn't just rap about stupid stuff.
Check out EMPIRE OF FEAR LP out now everywhere feat. Canibus, Chief Kamachi, Block McCloud, LCOB, Sick Since, Vee Eye, the Jotaka and more!!!
From one of the most least likely of places comes one of the more entertaining alternative hip hop albums of 2010.  Northern Lights, also known as NL Nation is a 4-person group from Maine who released their debut album "Smokin Again" on, you guessed it, April 20.  With the bulk of production and mastering done by NL member Cam Carl with a little bit of assistance from label-mate Uncle Sal, this album provides a fresh new sound of hip hop, sometimes mixed with rock, female vocals and other influences.Judging by the band name and album title you could assume the bulk of song discussions would revolve around various marijuana tales.  Songs like, "Smokin Again", "Twenty", "Bag Full of Lies", "Burn Ride", and "Ziplock" offer up fresh new insights and storylines about the group's appreciation for one of our nation's most misunderstood crops and lifestyles.However, don't make the mistake of thinking the entire album is just a pothead's paradise talking about staying blazed for 60 minutes.  There are many emotionally and spiritually driven songs of life reflection such as "Let Me Fly", "One Day", "Flag of War", "This Is Me", "My Life" and "I'm Coming Home."In addition to keeping the lighters lit and the spirits lifted, Northern Lights also makes sure to give the clubs something to play and for the collective booties to shake.  Songs like "NL Music", "Get My Swerve On", "Grind Time", "Olympus Monster",  and "Like Us" are sure to get any party started.If relaxing, vibing, shining and reclining are your thing, the "Smokin Again" album made sure to keep that state of mind represented.  Songs like "Live", "G.R.I.N.D.", and "Don't Approach Me" offer  up some smooth hip hop songs to ride to.Overall, the standout songs on the album are "Burn Ride", "Bag Full of Lies", "Flag of War", "My Life", "Get My Swerve On", and others.  It's certainly a solid debut album that delivers a quality and complete listening experience of a wide spectrum of emotions and topics.There are two versions of the album.  There is the standard edition which consists of 18 tracks, and there is also a deluxe edition that offers up the bonus track "Get My Swerve On" as well as rock remixes to three of the songs to make a total of 22 tracks.  The band consists of members: Big Toon, Noxa, Cam Carl, and Lady A.  Their official website is [...].I feel this album has a high re-listenability factor.  Each time I listen to it, I hear something I didn't pick up on the previous time.
To be honest I've never heard Scarface this raw before. Even Emeritus(I Think that's how its spelled) wasn't this raw. This is hip hop at its best. People say the south doesn't have any true lyricists but I think even you'll beg to differ after listening to this. If you ain't feeling this then you must be deaf.
I've been listening to this guy for over 20 years, and he still melts the mic. This CD is fire even with Face not being the total focus of the album.Can we get a Bun-B and Face as a group album?
in this new age of hip hop it's nice to know that some old-school rappers are still holdin it down in the rap game. i came a cross "dopeman music" on a humble about a week ago and after hearin a quick sample, i had to cop it. i've been on scarface & the geto boys since the rap-a-lot days. the rap game has changed, but my man hustled hip hop instead of it hustlin him. stayin current but old-school, scarface has remained one of the hardest rappers in the game. "dopeman music" from 1-done is tight...classic scarface. dopeman music, 2 the beat, wanted, & the ghetto report to name a few, remind me of some of his old-school classics that i grew up on. "dopeman music" is a must have for any rap fan. scarface has done it again!!
I love this album; underrated just like Facemob has been his entire career; I always anticipate Scarface dropping because that is the only rap album worth buying. GOAT
From the very beginning and to the end, Face lets you know that he is and always will be one of the absolutely best to ever do this.Again, he takes on a project or "mixtape" and just shines.  This time around he is mainly featuring B. James and Monk Kaza, both represent themselves finely on this compilation.  Young Malice also shows up again a couple times with that laid back Cali flow that I love to ride to and still enjoy on "One Hundred" with Face and Willie Hen.For me this is all about Face.  He is just about, damn near, closet I've ever heard to FLAWLESS.  Only fillers are the skits.  The tracks are remarkable! This is gangsta or hustle or life rap at its finest.  Please, if you have an ear for hip-hop and rap, carefully listen to "Hustle Game" track 11.  To me it is one of the finest deliveries I have ever heard; recorded, freestyled or live.Mannnnn, I LOVE THIS DUDE!!!
im glad face is back. even though its not a full album, this tape rocks!!. classy on the edge lyrics and beats. scarface isnt alone in this mixtape, he has his fellow facemob members on this release and that isnt bad at all. they r good rappers themselves and it al rounds off at the end. im very happyyy with this purchase. reccomended!! dont sleep on this!!
Scarface - Dopeman Music.  by Luke GibsonIt's refreshing to hear Scarface's name mentioned in upcoming releases. It's even more refreshing to hear the legend's voice over quality, edgy  production. An artist whose catalogue would be the envy of any rapper living or dead returns to his beloved culture with Dopeman Music. His post-Emeritus hiatus aside, Scarface shows that he is still hungry, relevant and worthy of the crowns given to him. Although it's "just a mixtape" in terms of presentation and personnel, Brad Jordan proves that buzz can never duplicate mastery.Dopeman Music marks one of the few tools Scarface has never used in Hip Hop, which is releasing a mixtape. Conceptually, it follows suit with the title of project. The leader and his latest Facemob spend the album addressing the role of the hood and currency. The 'Mob emcees that Scarface brings along for the go-'round sound deserving to be alongside the legend. Fans will inevitably question whether these rappers are capable of standing on their own. It's not that lead assisting rapper B. James is an outstanding lyricist, it's that he can complement Scarface's style perfectly. Lyrics like, "The School of hard knocks / All the scholars turn to fiends / No jobs in the city, all we got is triple beams" are solid lyrics but the subtle changes of delivery between artists, and devotion to the material is what makes Dopeman Music a convincing piece of art.The retail mixtape operates on a respectable level of quality, though not up to par with a proper Scarface album. However, unlike some of past in-between-projects, or unofficial archival releases, Dopeman has some truly breakout moments. "2 the Beat" features a ridiculously addictive hook and dope verses, with an old school approach to Rap songwriting. 'Face reminds us all why everyone from Tupac Shakur to Jay-Z has sought the legendary Geto Boys front-man out. "Get Lost" shows the man's continued versatility. He remains one of the few artists who can have an R&B; hook on a project without it ever compromising himself as an artist. His verse on "Get Lost " paints a vivid picture of a woman whose lifestyle and age conflict. Its hook is reminiscent of those heard on 2002's classic album, The Fix. The song itself is one of the few times on the project where the Facemob's inclusion can be counterproductive. Fans long for more verses from 'Face after hearing him open the track with a phenomenal verse, though the rapper teases the listener with a stamp of approval, and "on-the-next" approach.Lyrically, the highlight of the project is the "The N Word." Clocking in at a mere 65 seconds in length, 'Face obliterates the beat. It's the type of conscious lyricism that has lived in Brad Jordan's catalog for 24 years, though he's rarely noted for that thoughtfulness. In just over a minute, the Houston pioneer is able to touch on immigration, the court system, crooked police, and legal hustling. It has immense replay value and 2010 relevance. In light of the Arizona controversy, Scarface spitting, "If you Mexican, they wanna send you back" is a classic example of why the man is so revered. He proves without a shadow of a doubt that he is still able to capture the essence of the common man's frustration or fear. Whether it's classics like "I Seen a Man Die" or  "In Between Us" , or tracks like "The Ghetto Report" or "Hustle Game" on Dopeman Music, Scarface remains one of the great voices of our generation.The aforementioned "The Ghetto Report" is another stand-out. From the unbelievable production, solid verses from Monk Kaza and B. James, plus Scarface's gem, the song may be an update, in terms of concept, to "My Block" , but it's the point-of-view he knows best. Scarface spits the first verse and with lyrics like, "It's pitiful how they got me doing time / For a crime I ain't never committed / The bottom line, is I'm a black man, so my S-K-I-N, is my S-I-N / So unless I win, I'll be headed to a cell in the pen / And when I come home, I'll go right back in." It's a haunting reality that 'Face tackles with eloquence and consciousness. From just an independently-released mixtape, Scarface's mind is at work yet again, like it's all on the line once more.Dopeman Music gives Scarface another opportunity to be singular in focus while giving other emcees in his crew shine. The content rarely ventures outside of what the title suggests, but 'Face and company deliver it with class and flavor. This project being a mixtape gives the veteran the perfect way to reintroduce himself to the world while prepping them for his next project. Sure there are flaws on the project - "Lyrical Assault" being just one example, but flaws on a 'Face's flaws have always been forgivable, and typical of many of his works. Like previous Facemob projects or even 2006's effort with The Product, Scarface once again proves how much better Hip Hop is with him around, and how good he can make his teammates sound.
This CD is is the bomb I couldn't wait to receive it so I could play it on my car. Scarface has to be one of the tightests rappers in the industry. I love his music.
I'm from the upper east coast and I have to say that Scarface is a dope rapper who lives the game. Today these "so called" rappers sample and think it's theirs without paying respect to a real OG! I enjoy all types of hip hop because that is who I am...east coast, west coast and the south...let's all come together and regain ourselves and our music!!!
If you are looking for dope beats, plain and simple, then you need this album! Damu has once again outdone himself. This is the first album that I have purchased in it's entirety in over 4 years. It was well worth it. Keep real hip-hop alive!!
The year is 2010, hip-hop is on life-support and Damu shows up again with a heart transplant. This guy just does not fail to please with his skill on the MPC. You won't regret buying this album.
Just like the two previous posts, this is the first album I've bought in a very long time as well but I definitely did not regret my decision to buy this album. Pretty much every beat on here is worth listening to over and over again. Damu's beats are so complex I often wonder why this guy isn't more well known. His drum breaks take me back to the golden age of hip-hop, with horn samples that will give you chills down your back. What I really like is although Damu uses the same sample throughout an entire song, he constantly finds new ways to flip the samples to make them more interesting. The only real flaw I see in the album is that some of his drum loops do get a little repetitive but they sound so clean that it really doesn't bother me much. Although you could probably just throw the album on shuffle and be perfectly happy, some notable tracks include:Start HereFigmentBills be GoneOnly One MeJudgement DayDream CatcherHow It Should SoundNot So Young AnymoreGestation
I mean, this is the first album I've purchased in its entirety in a long time.  Every single joint, from start to finish, is on point.  Open your windows, light the incense (or other things) and enjoy.  Put it on random or play straight, you will not be disappointed.  I just wish everyone else could come out with an album like this.
I first heard his music as part of Y Society and now I am hooked. Make sure you get this album.
One of the greatest MCs ever to bless a microphone.  I wouldn't say this is his best album, but it's still a great album and better than most albums.
Hey it's a pretty cool mix, if you like Scareface then you can't go wrong for free. Put your headphones on and drop the bass.
Very versatile Young David. Every song is different from the next one and the album definitely has an international taste. Great one! Keep'em coming!
Track 9/ Believe > is amazing and it stays with you..."if you put your mind to it,Tell 'em Yes We Can!If you See It,You can BE IT...Tell 'em Yes We Can!"
Although I never liked rap, I did love bluegrass music. This blend is so unique and riveting and I was extremely pleased.  I have listened to it many times and never get bored.  Great traveling and cruising music. I highly recommend this CD.  I am headed to buy more of this Gangstagrass. Super.
Heard about them last year. This is an amazing album - from start to end. A fantastic mixture of genres. It also doesn't hurt the fact that all songs are so freakin' badass.
I have to admit this is one of my favorite, after Amazon advertised it with a few free downloads to preview. It's got the beat, the message, with banjos in the background for a fresh new mix. Your going to love it!
I first heard these guys on "Justified."  They have a surprising sound, the album is a lot of fun but also features some pretty deep lyrics.  The best track is "I Go Hard."
Gangstagrass has blown me away since my first listen.  Never thought I'd get to hear two favorite genres - bluegrass & rap - at the SAME time.  Their first album (*was* available as a free download) dominated my listening for the past year.  On Lightning On The Strings, Gangstagrass, Rench and T.O.N.E-z craft a gorgeous sound - with some interesting storytelling.  I'm particularly fond of Tomasia's Big Branch, especially since Cowboy Junkies' Mining For Gold is an all-time favorite song of mine.  I started off with Battlestar America'sAbove Market Value(Rench), moved onto Gangstagrass, and keep coming back - bluegrass and rap are natural partners.  Who would've thought?!  Clearly a couple of musical geniuses did.  Can't say enough good stuff about Gangstagrass and Rench Audio.
This is a very strange album to review.  I think to properly give it it's due, someone would have to be as well versed with the world of bluegrass as they are with hip hop.  Now, I'll be the first to say I'm not a connisseur of bluegrass, so I wouldn't know anything about that.  Hip hop, while I'm not the most knowledgeable, I have enough to know what's what.That said, as I said this is kinda strange for me.  There are moments in here where the two genres mix so perfectly that it feels like a work of pure genius.  Those moments in which the combination of the bluegrass and hip hop is pretty darn good.Then there are other moments in which the rapper T.O.N.E-z raps just sounds kinda weird.  As if he's having a difficult time matching the music with his flow.  However that's not very often, and only in a few places.  Overall it's a pretty cool mixing of genres, and is reminiscent of some of the best moments from albums by artists like Everlast and Bubba Sparxxx, who have both used country and bluegrass elements in their music.  This, however, may be the first time I've heard a bluegrass band backing a rapper, or a rapper fronting a bluegrass band, for that matter.There are other moments such as "I'm Gonna Put You Down" which is flat out fantastic on all fronts.  While I haven't listened to bluegrass much in my life, there are some songs on here that were just incredible to listen to, and it had me putting them on repeat.  You often hear people say "it was like nothing I'd ever heard before.".  In this case, it's LITERALLY true.  I HAD never heard this type of music before, and it was really good.And although there were some songs on here that were sans rapping, there were also songs where I kinda wished there was just the bluegrass singing, because while I really liked T.O.N.E-z, those specific songs, the singing is pretty beautiful all in itself, (particularly with the female vocalist) and I think it'd be interesting to hear some of Rench's solo releases.Most people have probably heard of Gangstagrass & T-O-N-E-z through their song "Long Hard Times To Come", the theme song to the hit FX series "Justified", starring Timothy Olyphant as Deputy US Marshall Raylan Givens.  Givens is a character from a few stories by legendary crime novelist Elmore Leonard, who himself is a fan of Gangstagrass.Leonard, when talking about the group, said that they had "done nothing short of creating a new form of music. Gangstagrass takes two types of music that are opposites and mixes them together brilliantly in a way that is natural and enjoyable."I think that's a pretty fair way to sum up the group.  I think that purists of either genre will probably not find much to like here, as if you're a strict bluegrass fan, you'll probably not like the hip hop, and if you're a die hard hip hop purist, you'll probably shake your head at this.  However if you are someone like myself in that you enjoy hearing different types of music, and you love experimenting with different genres, then this could be something you'd be interested in.Gangstagrass feat. T.O.N.E-z' release "Lightning on the Strings, Thunder on the Mic", aside from being a great title, along with a pretty nice album cover, is a pretty intriguing album in and of itself.  Definitely not something you hear everyday, and is a welcome musical addition to the landscape for those who like their music anything but ordinary and bland.  Purists on both sides of the hip hop/bluegrass fence will probably blanche at this (and going from some of the Amazon reviews, that's not an outrageous assumption), but those who actually like interesting and different music, and give it a chance, very well might find a satisfying reward for their stepping out from their safety zone.Recommended for fans of Everlast's "Whitey Ford sings The Blues" and Bubba Sparxxx's "Deliverance" albums.
Heck, this band has made Country/Blue Grass palatable to even the most Yankee of souls.  Their melodic sound and modern fatalism  make for some fantastic music.I consider myself a fan with entire albums as playlists.  This is some great music.
This is one of the most innovative blends of genres to come along in ages. Both genres, rap/hip hop and country/bluegrass needed a good kick in the a** and this disc does that and much more.It is absolutely brilliant in so many ways. The band's theme song for FX Series Justified brought a great bit of attention to the band, but if they couldn't deliver further it would just be another snippet of a song known only on TV.  That's not going to happen with Gangstagrass. This is simply the beginning of something HUGE.
On the surface, I would have thought that fusing rap & bluegrass wouldn't work.  Boy was I wrong.  I can't recommend this group highly enough!
Love this music!  Bluegrass, Banjo, smooth rap, who would have thought?  If you like the soundtrack from O Brother Where Art Thou, I bet you'll like this too.
I have played this over and over- and I feel this blend of bluegrass and rap to be a sweet merger! The vocals are excellent, the bluegrass band shines on its own, but also complements this genre. I do not usually listen to rap- but this album has me sold! I would recommend it to anyone looking for something new And high quality. This group is going places!!! Can't wait for the next one! Or a video!? Yes it's explicit, but that is what it is. Everything Rench has is a new experience.
Such a good cd!!! Got to me on time, and kinda expensive but worth it:) I would recommend this cd to anyone who likes bluegrass and rap. It's a flawless colaboration.
...til I watched Justified.  Always been a bluegrass fan, but never really a rap fan, but this really melds the two genres without all of the misogyny and glorification of the thug life.  It really works, and the concept borders on genius.  Rapping about life in the mines...who would have thought it could work?
I've always loved bluegrass but, as a classically-trained pianist who is old enough to be these guys' mother (or grandmother), I haven't had much good to say about rap. That said, the blending of the two genres really works somehow. I'm impressed.
LMNO & Theory Hazit bring some raw real hip hop on this album a must have if ur big on hip hop no commercial crap on this album true underground sound luv it
Buy This Album!  You can go buy a hamburger for the $5.99 and we all know where that ends up. Or you can get some of the best Hip Hop ever!  Buy this Album!
I saw this dude on Austin's 6th street around the time of South by South west hitting on bucket.[...][...]We Have all seen and ignored people pounding on buckets on the street, but this was different. It was the most amazing performance I have ever seen. He continued for ours without stop or missing a beat mixing it up like I had never seen before. It was the most incredible thing I had ever seen. Finally, I caught him at stop. I dropped him a 20 and asked if he had a CD, he looked at me dazed, and smiled and said 'JA'! He sent me here: [...] and said there was an album available on Amazon (I think). I burned the audiopharmacy name in my head because that is all I had to go from. I followed up and bought the album without considering what I would be getting. I really wanted hours of him beating on the bucket (believe me when I say it), but this is just as GOOD (I still want a bucket CD)! This album goes all over the place with a great hits. It's all good, but some of it's so good, it turns the heads of unexpecting people (In a good way). I love the meditation series, and Click. This is a must have album!Here are some other that you haven't heard of. If you are like me, you must have them:mattafix/signs_of_a_struggleempire_of_the_sun/walking_on_a_dream_special_editionrichie_spice/in_the_streets_to_africaaudiopharrmacy/u_forgot_about_usWARNING, nothing sounds good in the samples from Amazon, you just need to grab the the CD's, stick them in a CD player, and listen to all of them from beginning to end. Then rip them to flac for loss-less storage, and finally ogg so you can listen to them on your android device. :-) I said, if your like me.
I listen to this CD all the time. It is simply what needs to be said and it sounds amazing all the way through. My favorite song is probably "Money v Truth." I love to dance to the beat but the lyrics are incredible as well. My jaw dropped the first time I heard some of the things Truth said on this track. I also LOVE all the creative metaphors in "It's Like," the deep concepts of "World without Borders," and the sarcastic humor and beat on "Justice is So Boring." But the whole album can be replayed over and over. If more hip hop artists sounded like this we would def. be living in a world with more peace, justice, and equality. I recommend this CD to anyone and everyone and I can't say enough good things about it!
This is the most powerful, positive, and intelligent hip hop CD I have ever listened to. Did I mention Tha Truth's ability to make music is second to none? There are some seriously impressive beats of all different vibes here and the lyricism is unparalleled. This is my favorite CD of all musical genres and I listen to everything.
I have all of this amazing artists music and highly recommend it to all people concerned about our society's many problems and issues. Tha Truth educates us on so many relevant issues and topics.This is socially conscious music at its best!
love it binx is great and very good rapper ... very up lifting and speak s right  from heart....everyone should buy a copy...
finally the hole story told on what happened to ese rich roc and spanish fly
Before Fear And Loathing In Northern Cal and The Book Of Matches 2 Disc.....I grew up with Sleaze Loccust(now Sleaze Locust) and that cat is one dedicated mc.This was recorded when he was 18,homeless,sleeping in producer Shlump Criminal's truck.This was before either of them were big.From start to finish this ep is SOLID.Stranded On This Planet starts the album off running.The dub/rap style Sleaze is known for on his first releases is exemplified on this one.Facemelt follows that with a straight rap song.No wobbles,no womps,just Sleaze on a good one going off.Strawberry Swishers is slower,but still find Sleaze attacking the microphone vicious,verbal,the only way he knows how.To Live And Die In Northern Cal,the eps single spawned a video.In 2011,Sleaze released Live At The Transient Lounge which features live versions of the entire ep,as well as later material performed with a full back up group is worth a listen too.This ep was also re-released on the two disc set the Book Of Matches which is definitly worth getting.EnjoyThe Book of Matches [Explicit]
Great Album... nice Various Artists.. and would recommend this album to anyone.. I hope they come out with a Vol. 2
Awesome underground album from bankrupt records. great songs with hopsin, royce da 5 9, lil wyte, bizarre of d12, bizzy bone, and more. classic
I Love It!!! Wish I Could Have Found These Guys Sooner And I Want Moar!
This album is an Underground released masterpiece from Bankrupt Records.Nowhere else will you find music like this, nor will you find anyone in the underground on the lyrical Level.This album is packed full of guests, Including, Lil Wyte(Oxycotton) Royce Da 5'9(Bad Meets Evil), Bizaar(from D-12) and more.Let you speakers and eardrums enjoy, wait for that rattle and smoke cloud to begin to give you...Double Vision.
What can i say guys..i was blown away by the lyrics on this album...straight fire ass beats as well...peep this sh** out
This is probably the best home grown rhythm of our times.  I first stumbled upon these young men on a crowded NYC subway.  Always polite and socially considerate, these fellas are masters at bringing the beats and afro-cuban style and latin groove.  El is a master of of control movements with humble hands and I promise you there is much more to come.  Blessings.
This guy has mad skills Elis music should be mainstream but mainly underground from the Bay Area. If you like latin beats with 80s feel this is the album for you.
If you're a fan of Smoov E this is a must have.  banging beats and slick lyrics.  Has the whole latin freestyle music vibe of the 80's.
This album might be my favorite out of all, let's say, twelve albums he has out? Orca fat may be my favorite song, but ALL the songs on El Joy del Sexo are ON POINT. This is real rap, don't be ashamed....this whole album will blow your ears away. Highly recommended. (Also one of the artists I still spend my money on) Gotta have more COWBELL!
Needless to say, Smoov delivers epic proportions of 80's latin funk on this album.  From Guitaro Buracho, to Favorite Habit, to Turbo Freak... Smoov delivers greatness from start to finish.  This is a MUST HAVE for anyone who was dissapointed with his previous effort (which I thought was a great album, it just lacked in the theme/concept department).  Buy this and support good music.
The track "Favorite Habit" is the shining star on this disc and in my opinion is his best track to date. The whole album has an 80's Miami sound with a Bay area twist. The lyrics are Smoov- style.. some are pretty funny, some are just genius, with great timing and rhyme-flow. This is a must have for Smoov fans. It picked up alot of the slack from "Mr. Biscuits" which only had one good track.. the title track. Check it out! really cool album with a different sound, but fans will appreciate this one, a polished gem!
This is a must have CD.  Great piece of work from Mr. Cornadoor.  Well produced and written.  Cornadoor gives you your money's worth on this album.  Plenty music and many hits. A lot of effort and heart was put into this one.  Not your usual 5-6 song album that was made in a week.  If you are a reggae lover you must check it out. Positive music and nuff talent for all music lovers to appreciate. Mr. Cornadoor, mi ready fi more.  Keep the tunes coming. One Love and Jah Bless.
II've listen to it every day since i got it 6 days ago its genius highly recommends it its epic
Nick BAHh has it... This album kicks some ....This kid has to hit the top....New,Fresh and great new sound.Like the lyrics say when he brings Hip Hop Back from the Dead..."When I put the pen on the pageI told people, I'm a threat when I'm jottin'I ain't writing verses I'm writing out doctrinesTop notch, I'm the best as it comesIf hip hops the breath than I'm the damn lung!"Way to go Nick BAHh
My 16 year old and all her friends are is in love with The Knarly Project. I guess they are the latest hip hop group wowing the teen girls. I let her get the Silly Bandz song because of course they are all the rage around here. My daughter had a party and they played Silly Bandz over and over again, they danced all night and I can say the hook is still stuck in my head, "I got money in my silly bandz"!
This man deserves 5 stars, not only was he a pioneer of laid back hiphop he was also gangsta,and this CD is a must have for hiphop lovers....DPG
this is real dope music..cutsupremes beats and rhymes are the truth..legendary rapper just-ice kills the mic on the no justice remix  and that track jealouse rage is dope with that dude saint from the good people..real dope
D. Trent Kelly is a guitarist, producer and arranger whose work I'd heard before on the blistering Pat Martino flavored track 'Mojo' (from his debut release Gimme' Ma' Gitta', which I just picked up and is excellent). He's a killer player whose aforementioned related skills are in hard evidence on this recording. This album covers the full spectrum of Jazz, Funk, R&B and Pop with a nice flow of moods, feels and tempos. The arrangements are well thought out and the tracks form the perfect background to any environment. Pick up this release and enjoy!
Excellent CD. Mr. Kelly's guitar work is so clear and understandable. This CD is well written, performed, and produced.
This album is a must for Muslim youth in America searching for identity and a rhythm for truth in their lives! Well written and well done. Highly recommend it.
Rated: 4.6 StarsAs great as this album is it sure sounds like it. This CD is Five Stars, really. Buy this now! I was so pleasantly surprised when I came across it early this morning. I know I usually say wait to write a review but I don't feel a need to hold off right now. This album is excellent. And for Handz 2 the ceilin; you should watch the video on You Tube. It's makes the song a little more enjoyable. At least for me.1. Intro [unrated]2. Freedom [5/5]3. Favor of GOD [5/5]4. So Amazing [5/5]5. Hotline (remix) [4/5]6. Handz 2 Da Ceilin [5/5]7. Praze Muziq [4/5]8. Crank Da Church Boi [5/5]9. On Fiya [5/5]10. Yea I Give Em [4/5]11. Shorti Wanna Know (All in Me) [4/5]12. Takin It Bac [5/5]13. Thank You (Interlude) [unrated]14. Thank You [4/5]15. Alright [5/5]16. Hotline [4/5]Overall 4.57 [Great]kay if I had to say anything negative it would be I wish it would've slowed down more. It's really a non stop party. Also maybe just go a little deeper with the lyrical content. Other than that it's great. There's nothing more to say. I got some other CD's I gotta listen to but this album is going to be playing for a while. You like christian Rap? Then this should be in your collection.
This Christian Rap album is HOTT!!! REAL shows his heart and reveals his pursuit of souls. Many albums out there are all about money and fame. In Pursuit is filled with nothing but the word of God and a message of hope for the lost and the broken! Glad I bought this cd!
I listened to your CD and was impressed with your knowledge and use of biblical principles.  The beat is catchy and I think young listeners will enjoy.
Overall, one of the best Latin Rap compilations i have purchased. Quality songs by top artists in the Latin Rap Game w top notch production. Highly recommThe Who's Who Of The Latin Game 2010 [Explicit]ended.
A must have for anyone needing hard core instrumentals to rhyme over. Classic Mobb Deep sound from a very slept on producer.
Definately dig "My Love" CD is cool mix between rock and hip hop. Original sound too. Check it out, definately worth the $8 I paid for the CD
1st of southern hip hop to really make a name for itself. Must have for any rap fans collection. Pioneers in the game.
this is the one that will make you a fan for life!!! don't like this? kill yourself.........no LoL......seriously, kill yourself........DON'T DO IT - your dead already for not being able to feel this
I absolutely love the Thirsting.  I was searching for a Catholic rock band and stumbled upon them.  I immediately bought and downloaded their CD.  It is constantly on my MP3.  All of the songs are wonderful but my top faves are:"Come Hold My Son" will bring you tears."Hail Holy Queen" is old Catholic school but with a new and improved beat."Christ Have Mercy" is a tragic song--the story of Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood."I Have Fought the Good Fight is my personal favorite (and it was hard to choose)I am very impatiently waiting for the new album.
I use the Thirsting in my CCD classes to engage the students in the lesson. They request the music if I don't start the class with then!
this cd is hot, one of xzibit's best albums this is real hip hop i don't know what kind ofstuff these coming out with today. highly recommended!
I have always been a fan of Kam since his first album. He has never failed me with his thought-provoking  lyrics. His point of view may irk some and challenge other, either way; his music makes you bounce your head and that is what Hip-Hop is for.
I first heard The Polish Ambassador on Pandora Radio, and I was hooked from the first song. This album is chock full of dope beats, great mixes, and tunes that only The Polish Ambassador can deliver. If you're looking for a glitchy, hip-hoppy, booty shaking album that you and your friends can dance the night away to, this is it.
The Polish Ambassador quickly became one of my favorite artists when I heard Diplomatic Immunity for the first time. With the release of his work since (especially first words) he rocketed into the #1 position with very little resistance. If you like TPA's music, purchase this album; you will not regret it.
I bought The Polish Ambassador's first album, Diplomatic Immunity, a couple weeks ago and it's been on constant repeat since then. I was hoping to save his other material for a first listen at his recent show in Athens but grad school responsibilities prevented me from going. As consolation, I bought this new double album and was happy to find that its just as great as Diplomatic Immunity, maintaining TPA's unique style while breaking a lot of new ground.First off, I really like the use of vocal samples throughout the album. They flow seamlessly with the music, adding an interesting dimension to the tracks that you couldn't imagine being absent. What struck me on first listen was how different the first 4 full-length tracks were while still maintaining a cohesive sound that never failed to get my head bobbing. Plus, anytime an artist can go from dropping a line from Bottle Rocket (at the end of Remember Me, Future Girl) to cranking out a hot beat, it earns major points in my book.TPA is just fun, no question about it. Fans of glitch, electro, dubstep, drum & bass, house, hell just electronic music in general will find something to love in this massive double album. I can't believe he's been putting out so much great material like this for so long and people haven't caught on. Enjoy and good luck with your attempts to enter underwater fortresses everywhere across the universe.
Buy it now, thank me later. TPA puts out the dank beats, and this is the dankest. Also check out the Ample Mammal, same guy. Keep up the good work man.
First words is right up there with the rest of The Polish Ambassadors works; excellent. If you like what you've heard in the past, you'll love it. For first time listeners, if you're into some chipset, some old school movie quotes and some beats that make your booty go boom, then you'll love this double album.My favorite attribute of First Words is its 'sequential listening', or its ability to put it on and let it go. No need to switch tracks because each one is, in its own way, superb.
It was good for the price. A couple of remixes that are great after listening to Season of the Assassin.
If any of you is looking for something new in the game then you must cop this. Don't worry about having to listen to lyrics about moving weight or popping bottles this is mind music. Soul music to the 10th power. Let's be real. the rap game has been contaminated for a while now. Khalfani delivers the meds and then some.
This track takes you back to when rap music actually had content that you could apply in real life. Give it a listen and buy it if you dig it!PeaceKhalfani
Just buy it!  It's a classic must own!  Just check out the song Strugglin' and Shadow of Death and you will see what I mean!  C-Mob 4 Life!  Billy from NJ....Twitter...@NJTechn9cian
Real East-Coast Hip Hop!  This is straight up, no gimmicks.  All heart, man.  It's almost shocking to hear music this earnest and true.  In 2010, we've become so conditioned to hear artifice and plastic beats.  Solid as steel AND it namechecks Bobby Fisher your mom's basement! "The Hole" on repeat!  How can you not love it?  WOODLAWNNNNNN...
Sexy, gritty, refreshing real hip-hop! Love the intimate-story portraits in the songs and the beats are sweet. Highly recommend this item and can't wait to hear more from Q.
Several great tracks on here. Reel Life and The Hole show just how rough it can be just trying to get by and getting taken by the powers that be...In the Wind turns it around as Q claws his way back out.
It is great knowing good music is still being made in the new age. Being a fan of Styles and Jadakiss makes me appreciate this artist a lot!
Just purchase but I believe it will help my 9 year old allot I really liked the mod download. Now I am looking for the addition version for my 5 year old
Been following this guy for a while and all of his stuff is good, but this may be his best work yet.
Jah Cure and Rick Ross coming together was a great idea this song slipped through the cracks, and it was the Raggae public's loss.  Jah Cure you have done it again and I think this song should be re-released. I'm loving this song!!
Buy their albums. All of them. Now. Your junk will get bigger, ladies will talk to you and your life will improve.
This was a classic in Miami! I still have the tape from the radio 1991 with this on it (Power 96). I knew MVP was the group (I thought), but had no idea who was behind it. So glad this has been made digital!If you need a COLLEGE ANTHEM, THIS IS IT!!!
This is without a doubt one of the best talents in urban music in and out of Cuba.  Keep it coming!
I came across this artist through a facebook video that used it as background music. I used Shazam to find out who it was and after coming to Amazon and hearing the rest I bought it!
This is without a doubt one of the best soundtracks Ive ever heard. great music through and through. would highly advise to buy and the movie is awesome too!
..he'd probably take inspiration from the Theorizt. For real though, some ill tracks on here. Mr. DJ, Escape'n and Bladewalk are really standout tracks. And Kelly Jolly is rockin it on Mr. DJ. Well worth the buy.
thank you for a beautiful rap album that i enjoy with the volume on max or on 1.stay hungry
all your music is awsome. cant stop listening. keep it up guys cant wait for more songs to come out
While the music may not be of the quality today's society is used to, the lyrics are the point of this CD. The lyrics are brutally honest and equally uplifting. "Killer Fantasy" and "Talking To You" gave this listener the chills big time with their straightforwardness! Do yourself a favour and get this CD today!
Highly original! Kris George raps from his heart. I'm feeling it!! This album is a new spin on pop/rap. Can't get the songs out of my head!
I listen to this album all the time! Songs likes Hiding Behind the Bar, The Golem, Zbig Picture, Millionaire Paytriots, Revolution, Under Control and the rest pretty much make this one of the most slept on albums ever!
Reminds me of the first time I heard Paris, the Devil Made Me Do, it back in the day. Smooth clean beats, voice, tight rhymes, extreme hardcore lyrical knowledge, could offend if you worship alex jones or you're really into religion. Very political Zeitgeist (the movie) type content. Talks about the true owners and operators of this system. Buy it and keep an open mind. 9/10
Payday Monsanto is the hardest rapper ever, I could listen to his music all day long. No one else speaks the truth like he does. I highly recommend you get all his albums, DO NOT SLEEP ON PAYDAY MONSANTO
This guy is TOO talented!  No rapper can touch him.  What are you waiting for?  It'll be the smartest thing you ever spend 9 dollars on.
Even tho its a mixtape, it feel like an album. Even tho it came out in 2011 i still bump that s*** almost on the daily. its a nice piece of work from Schoolboy. Other TDE artists featured on this too. just buy it, buy some weed, and enjoy yourself. #betigotsumweed
Big Mike was one of the coldest MCs from the South, and this album right here....well all I can say is CLASSIC! From beginning to end, straight bangers, no throw-ins to play the number game. He gave us 14 hot joints, don't sleep on greatness. Make sure you get this in your library, you won't regret it.
This album is good from front to back I can listen the whole way thru and over again. I would recomend any one who likes lil wayne get this album
Eventhough he has done alot more mixtapes since this one, this has to be his most well put together one.  By far the best mixtape I've ever heard from one artist.  Thank you Wayne.
This is one of the best mixtapes that i have ever heard.  Better than the block is hot, better than the carter.  if you are a fan of lil wayne, BUY THIS MIXTAPE
one of the best upcoming rappers i've seen in a long time.i bought 10 of his CD's and gave them out to my co workers
This is a good song and have fun trying to learn the dance that goes with it! looks easy...but it isn't :P
This is a great album. Husalah is a &#34;stand alone&#34; artist in a flooded market of fake musicians. I recommend this album.
What a masterpiece!  Well worth waiting for Techmaster to return. I like the new style.  I hope Techmaster PEB releases new albums soon,  This Album is a must for Techmaster PEB fans and all bass fans to grabb!
A great album and worth the wait. I thought Patrick Baker retired from the music scene for good, and then I found out about this. The album keeps up with Patrick's style by basically telling a story with music, and not words. The sound is more modern than previous PEB albums. Think more breakbeat I guess than the Miami bass sound. Don't get me wrong tho, there is still a STRONG bass influence here. I put this album, the original Bass Computer album and Suburban X in the same catergory. A very refined, very enjoyable listening experience. If you are a fan of PEB and/or old school bass sounds, you will not regret this purchase.PS, Patrick, if you happen to read this. Thank you Sir and DSTM. Ever...
Beautiful work from two of the most prolific and talented artists in the dancehall/reggae scene (imho). Great flow throughout the mix, no choppy or uneven spots. Some familiar tunes from both as well as fresh cuts. VERY worth the cost (wish I could get the vinyl). *****+
Reminds me of the times when I was in high school liked all of the songs on this album and in my car.
Lil Jon is one of the best producers in Hip Hop and definentally one of the best to come out of Atlanta in recent memory. from 2001 to 2006 Lil john produced many hit songs that were promenentally featured on the radio throught the United states. He won Producer of the year from many hip hop magazines in 2004 beating out kanye west. He has a very unique style that is best characterized as muic to get you hype or pumped up, it embodies a very basic energy that makes you want to get up an move around. This collection hits is some of his very best songs though not all of them and the ommission of bounce that ass featuring too short is heartbreaking to me. If you enjoy southern crunk music this is a must have!
The best Catholic hip-hop that I've found.  Other Catholic hip-hop is heavy on the lyrics and not as excellent on the sample. I let some teens evaluate the different Catholic contemporary music I had, and this was the only one they liked.
I love their music they had a mini concert at the FNF in downey. They were awsome, I got a sticker from them. Their a awsome band.
I've seen him grow with his music from the beginning and this new stuff is amazing.  He is able to switch style/topic with ease and covers a lot on the album.  A song everyone can relate to on this album real talk.  Cop this album, you won't be disappointed.He's goin places!
If you are looking for something FRESH and REAL then Fattay is for you. Being a huge underground music follower- I am always looking for artist's that keep the "lyrical realness". Not only does Fattay speak on issues that affect us all everyday, he also address's  things in life we can all relate to at some point. My personal favorite is Track # 13 but that's me. There is something for everyone on this album and I defiantly recommend letting you ear holes take a listen- you wont regret it.
Amazing album.  Nothing like popping my ear buds in and turning this album up.  Long time Mac Lethal fan.
these guys are crazyyyyyy! i saw em live and that business better than kanye no joke bro. get the full album, the bass is like freight trains blowin off in your back seat!!! my new girlfriend thinks this is way hot, we put it on at night ha haaaa you know what i mean swag wooooooP!
dope and been dope for years..i love his no nonsense in your face rhyming. peace to the god word up
Greet album! The Wu tang clan at it best as a team. The only down side is the exception of no old!
This album is for anyone who's tired of what mainstreme radio hip hop has to offer. Dave brings it solo on every track, dude's work ethic is insane. Support real hip hop. Buy this album today!
This is a very original, very funny album - clever lyrics, awesome music, in a mix quite unique indeed.I highly recommend this album because it won't disappoint anyone - even the ones who aren't used to hip-hop, they'll find a sonority and a music that winks at the '70s, the '80s, the '90s...Overall, it's a very nice EP, like a fresh glass of soda on a warm Summer evening - but with a kick.Can't wait for their next collaboration!!
i'm not even an akon fan personally, hearing him sing smack that and all that nonsense but this song is the business. I watched a short video on youtube of him recording this and I respect him as an artist for this song at least.
Love the song.  Great beats! Amazed at the hindi pronunciation of Akon.  Entertaining track. I suspect it will be a staple item at Indian wedding DJ lists. Definitely worth a listen.
Jestoneart is a supremely talented Lyricist with a unique style. Truly talented artist. I love this albumand wish artists of this caliber received more exposure.James.
I knew about Reverie from a teamback cypher, and Hopie had showed her some love on twitter; so when spotify suggested this album I figured I would give it a listen, honestly I'm on my third week of constantly playing this album, it's pretty much all I want to listen to right now. Reverie and Louden beats (Reverie's amazing producer) have created an outstanding album. No complaints about any of the tracks. The instrumentals on each track set an appropriate mood for Reverie to bestow lyrical rawness and truth.My favorite tracks: Intricate Illusions (feat.eligh) ; No More
This is a Rapper who knows how to bang on wax. With appearances on Ice Cube, WC, and DJ Crazie Toones records you can't go wrong. Try a new flava in your ear and drop some eight balls of dollars his way.
This mixtape is tight, and maylay went in! Crazy toons did a thorough job on this one with w.c. on a few tracks putting it down :) king tee went in too, all of 'em on this one did. This whole mix is magma, and &#34;liq hittaz&#34; makes me crank my volume all the way. Definately worth getting! Also check out young maylay's other mixtape san andreas: the original mixtape, another hot one from him. Plus, his new project &#34;hogg tied and duct taped&#34; is dropping soon, if it hasn't yet. Look out for that one too :D
Love it. It's been a while, but the Mayor of South Memphis is BACK! good stuff! Taylor Made! it has 20 songs so you def get your money's worth!
This was a great album for GB, to name &#34;The Return..&#34; to.  I've been listening to GB since he was associated with 3-6, but I didn't really take him serious until &#34;74 Minutes Of Bump.&#34; THIS IS A MUST HAVE GB ALBUM...PERIOD!!!  Even my brother, who never even followed GB, &#34;tipped his hat&#34; & gave 2 thumbs up, to this album.  It went hard from begining to end.
KEEP GOING STRONG!!!!!!!!!! Aisha Sekhmet will never stop spitting the versatile lyrics for the Black community to stand up and fight for freedom and justice.
I loved the Dartmouth Aires watching The Sing-Off.  I was glad to find they did a CD of some of their best songs!  Great talent!
Thizz can't be stopped! Another great release... A lot of bangers, tons of bass, street lyricism... If you're into Thizz Nation then you know what's up!
Maffew, is a breath of fresh air. One of the best coming out of New York. Just a well rounded lyricist.
Empire of Fear LP will be PXR's best work yet!! Pleasure working with the crew and congrats on all of our success!