I have the wii version and is HORRIBLE. JUST LIKE YOU HIT AN OPPONENT WITH A SHELL, PASS, AND WITH NO ITEM, THE CPU BOOSTS WAY AHAED. HORRIBLE
Even when it first came out I tried out this game but could not get into it and I hate the n64 old style 3d graphics where the camera angle ends up getting you killed every five seconds, espessially in pits.  Of all the Mario games to date including the amazing Wii titles except for Super Mario Wii this has to be the worst Mario game for me since Mario Nes.  The graphics are terrible, the music is annoying and it's just boaring.
Wasn't the very first Crash Bandicoot game supposed to become one of the all-time greatest Playstation games?  That's what Sony thought would happen back in the day.  After all, they promoted the game to death.  Well look at that... didn't happen!  And with good reason.  The game is horrible.  I can't believe ANYONE would prefer this junk over Sonic the Hedgehog or, especially, the Mario Bros. series.You have to give Sony a LOT of credit for all the attention they put into Crash Bandicoot in an attempt to put the game on the same extraordinary level as Mario and Sonic, but gamers never really caught on to Crash the same way.  When you think about it, the Playstation already HAD a huge selection of games to choose from around the time Crash was released, therefore Sony didn't even NEED a mascot.  People were buying Playstation games like crazy anyway!  Crash Bandicoot never even had to exist.You'd think for a debut game (a BIG debut, considering all the advertisements on TV commercials) Sony would have made the game a *little* easier for younger or inexperienced gamers to play.  Instead, Sony started off the Crash series with impossible bonus levels (impossible to complete AND find- I didn't even KNOW the game had bonus levels until I looked it up in the instruction booklet!)Even if you ignore the bonus levels, the challenge overall is pretty high anyway thanks to all the difficult stages (such as the one where you're crossing a bridge way up in the sky and continue falling through the wooden cracks- a NIGHTMARE of a level!)  All the lives you earned up to this point in the game will go away.  A mascot debut game shouldn't have the difficulty THIS high because the idea is for players of ALL ages to enjoy the game.  Children will not like the nonstop frustration.I think the biggest reason Crash Bandicoot isn't remembered today the same way Mario and Sonic's debut games are is because Crash is basically just a blend of Mario and Sonic, but featured in a 3D world.  Think about it.  Crash collects berries throughout the game (Mario collects coins, Sonic collects rings).  Crash has a spin attack (Mario and Sonic already had spin attacks YEARS before Crash's existence).  Sony just didn't have enough creative ideas to come up with something entirely different, and that's why most gamers tend to ignore Crash Bandicoot.  When you already have the best (Mario and Sonic) you don't need imitations.Crash Bandicoot may have improved later on (not enough of an improvement to earn its mascot reputation, however) but the series certainly did NOT start with a bang.  I will always remember the very first Crash Bandicoot game as being this uninteresting, frustrating experience.  Heck, just the fact that only 62 reviewers have submitted reviews for the game right here on amazon goes to show Crash Bandicoot's first adventure was meant to be gone and forgotten.  Add to the fact that right now in the year 2006 NO ONE is talking about ANY Crash Bandicoot game anymore.  This means you can ignore Crash Bandicoot entirely, and not really miss out on anything.
Ok, here are the reasons this game is BAD!.1. The graphics aren't very good and plus most of the levels look alike.2. It's frustrating, and there are millions of ways to die in one level.3. You'll wish you never had this game.4. Most of it doesn't make any sense and it's un-imaginative.There.  Are those good enough reasons NOT to get this game? Don't get it.
This game is horrible. First, I bought this video &quot;game&quot; because I thought it was fun. Well in wasn't. 1st, the graphics are poor. 2nd the computer's difficulty level is so hard. If you play with one, two, or three people, you always lose. The computer is WAY more expirenced than a human will ever be, and it just degrades from the fun factor. So ignore the reviews that say it is so great. They are overexxagerating. My 8-year-old brother got bored with it in 3 hours.
I have used a lot of third party expansion packs for the Nintendo 64 and they all have been problematic causing crashes and other issues. The only one that works without a problem is the Nintendo brand Expansion Pak.
When I first bought my PS2, I got FF10, FF9, and FF7.  That was back in 2002.  FF10 & FF9 I liked. Good stories & loveable characters.  But FF7 was a drag.Then I saw all the positive reviews ("best game ever"), so I decided to give FF7 a second playing in 2004, to impress me.  But I still did not like it.  IMHO the major flaw is that FF7 has too many "dry" sections where you fight-fight-fight and almost nothing happens storywise (example - climbing the 100-floor building of your enemy -or- the dumb section where you waste an hour finding a dress).  In some sections, literally hours pass by with no story... it feels like a step backwards to the near-nonexistent stories of the original nintendo..Also the Battle Engine - totally unbalanced.  A good RPG will provide balance between physical & magical attacks, so they are near-equal.  A good RPG will make each character unique with specific skills & weaknesses (like real people-some are fighters; others are healers). Not so FF7:- it's all magic... physical attacks are worthless (about 1/4 the damage)- and the characters are completely interchangeable. You can equip Fire3 to your man & Heal3 to your girl.  And then the next battle, completely flip it around, so the man is the healer & the girl is the killer.  And then flip it again!  No individuality. Each character is identical.  Plus *instant learning* and instant forgetting... not realistic at all..Also, the story, while good, is poorly executed.  It basically boils down to a meteor poisoning the planet's "health" - very simple concept - but the writer dances around & adds un-necessary complication.  He takes 2+2 = 4 and turns it into 1-5+4-6+2-1+7-2 = 4.  That's why so many gamers go, "Huh? What just happened?"  It was a good story, but a lousy script.Overall, FF7 is one of the weakest games in the FF series (inferior to the other PS1 game-FF9, super nintendo games FF4, FF5, FF6, even inferior to FF10.
I bought mine a year ago and i am very pleased with the system. It's graphics are great and it is a lot of fun to play. But the chances are that it will now be a dying system. With Sega getting out of the hardware side means that the customer base will not grow. While more and more PSX2 get into peoples homes the same cannot be said for the DC.  There maybe 70+ games still coming to the DC but as time goes on that number will deacrease. A company is not going to bother with so small a market and that is what the Dc will become.  Over the last few months I have seen DC games disappearing from the local stores as they decided to drop the line. The local video stores around me have dropped Dc. Tonight I found one stores entire DC gear including the systems they rented out up for sale. The DC section had been replaced with PSX2 games.  Sega will also be releasing games for the PSX2 and that alone should be saying alot for what Sega has in mind.  Sega has admited defeat and will leave those that supported it high and dry. The current price is very very good. But it is consol taking it's last breaths.  Was the PSX2 heaps better. I don't think so. Not from what I saw. I enjoy my DC immensly and played it for many many hours. But it's day is gone. The future is the PSX2. A shame really both for Sega and for those who bought into what they thought was a excellent alternative to the big dollar console's.  Because of this I personally will not buy Sega gear in the future.
This is a very dissapointing system. Slow loading, Bad graphics, and terrible games. But it has a good controller.
first in the series by blizzard. not something I would play nowadays but this was a very interesting rpg back in the day when I had been a gamer.
Hey, maybe I'm doing something wrong but, I haven't been able to get this game to do much of anything... the graphics are poor for this day and age and the controls were even worse... I didn't play very long though, so it's not fair to say it truly [stinks]... Maybe I'll try it again and see if I missed something...
It doesn't make any sense.  How can this game be considered a classic?  It has WAY too many flaws for people to continue naming it "best game of all-time" or "best Castlevania game you'll ever play".I don't think so.  If you want a "real" Castlevania game, go play Castlevania 64 for the N64.  That's how a Castlevania game should be done.  Not like Symphony Of The Night, which is basically a complete disaster with its many inexplicable problems.Don't believe me?  You will soon enough.  First and foremost, Konami must think all Castlevania fans are forgetful and dumb.  You see, the game begins with you playing as Richter, and you're back in the final stage of the previous Castlevania game fighting Dracula.  This is ridiculous.  I don't want to play THAT game, I want to play Symphony Of The Night.  You don't have to redo the final fight with Wart in the beginning of Super Mario Bros. 3.  So you shouldn't have to start off Symphony Of The Night by going back and fighting the final boss in the previous game.  What the hell is wrong with Konami?  This whole Richter/Dracula thing should have been removed.After that's over, the REAL game begins, but unfortunately that's not true.  It doesn't begin yet.  Immediately a screen is shown of Alucard running to the castle (which you unfortunately have no control over).  Once he's inside and the gate closes, you can now play as him, but wait a minute.  There's no music playing in the background.  A game can't really start if there's no music, because the absence of music makes a game feel empty and unexciting.Luckily, my worst fear didn't come true (that Konami forgot to put music in the game) and you just have to move forward a few steps and battle a few more foes before the music kicks in.  It's about time!  You had me worried there!But then more problems arise.  In the same little area where the music kicks in, you encounter these zombies that come out of the ground and walk towards you, and many times you never see these zombies coming until it's too late and you take a hit.  Pesky little things like this are just one of many reasons this game is almost completely unbearable.Eventually you meet up with a young lady named Maria.  She's extremely attractive, and knows just how to push the right flirting buttons.  And that's a big problem.  The way she seems to come on to Alucard and practically drool all over him is such a turn-on to the player that it's very difficult to move forward and continue on with the quest.  After a Maria encounter, you can't stop thinking about her beautiful pale face, those big beautiful eyes, that smooth relaxing voice, and so then what happens after that is, when you are in the middle of a serious battle, you almost always die because you can't stop thinking about Maria's beautiful face.Konami must not understand that mostly boys play video games.  I shouldn't have to say it, but I think it's obvious that the creators of Maria are disappointed in themselves for creating such a good-looking woman, because one look at Maria distracts boys everywhere.  They shouldn't have made her look so pretty.  Because of this, only the strongest male gamers will be able to complete this Castlevania adventure.  Had she been less attractive, guys would be able to better concentrate on the game.You're probably thinking by now "Alright, talk about the actual GAME!"  Okay, I will, but you won't like what I have to say.  It's just really painful for me to pick out all the problems in this supposed classic.  Basically, it all boils down to one thing.  The fact that some weapons in this game are incredibly slow, weak and almost useless.  Yes, I'm talking about the Jewel Sword and the Sword Of Hador.  Konami never should have put these two weapons in the game.  But because they did, we have no choice but to put up with them, and I have no choice but to complain.  These two weapons really drag the game down.I could go on and on about the many problems you will see in this game.  Twice in the game you will have to fight a guy who looks exactly like you, which if you ask me, lacks creativity.  Konami wasted a good opportunity right there to come up with new and exciting bosses to fight, but no, they had to go with the old predictable mirror match.Many enemies have blood fiercely squirting out of their bodies when you attack them, forcing me and my children to look away from the TV screen.  Because me and my children understand that if we look at the screen and see this violence, we will throw up all over ourselves and even worse, we might even have trouble making it through the day without screaming in fear that the same brutal treatment might happen to us if we're not careful.  A little bit of blood is fine, but some of the blood in Symphony Of The Night is a bit too graphic and plentiful.  It's enough to terrorize you.  So the best thing to do would be to try and jump over these bloody enemies so you won't have to attack them, though in many places, avoiding enemies won't be easy.Finally, the biggest problem.  The second castle in the game is just the first castle turned upside down, so it's not really a new castle.  Now that's what I call clumsy.  Between the smutty actions of Maria and the blood all over the place, it feels like I'm watching a porno blood fest.  Not a pretty thought, is it?  So as you can see, many problems prevent this game from being a classic.  Don't even think about buying it.
WTF is this crap, this is metroid not castlevainia......this sucks.  PS stop making castlevainia into gay manga garbage it takes all the thrills and scary aspects out of it by making everyone look like a woman with multi colored hair.
I rue the day this title came out for Playstation. It was considered so original, it influenced many, many stealth-type games that followed it. Too many.Where do I start with the things I hate about this game?1. It's way too difficult. You get awfully sick of hearing "Snaaaaaaaaaaaaaake!" every 10 seconds. There should have been a way to ratchet down the difficulty even further for 'tards like me. "Easy" mode really isn't.  Sheesh.  I wonder what "Hard" mode was like.2. Way too many cutscenes! I've never seen anything like it. There's one cut scene that goes on for like 30 minutes. This has got to be the talkiest video game I've ever played.  And these dialogues are all so silly, and you're pretty much forced to watch them or you won't be able to understand what's going on. In fact, I would say that most of your time in this game will be spent watching cutscenes. It's not so much a video game as a movie in which you are occasionally allowed to press buttons.3.  I hate video games that won't let you pause at certain moments, as this won't.  I wouldn't advise playing this if you have a wife or mother who's gonna occasionally ask you to help her in the kitchen:  you'll find yourself saying, "Yeah, I'll help you after this scene finishes . . . in about half an hour!  Not allowed to pause it for some reason!"4.  Even more excusably, there's not way to pause the cutscenes.  You can't even pause the codec dialogues!5.  There are many scenes in which the game disables your weapons and accessories for no logical reason other than that if it didn't, the scene would be too easy.6.  There are far too many boss monsters.  It's like every other encounter is a boss monster.  The first part of the game (say, up until the first encounter with Revolver Ocelot) is pretty great, but that's not representative of the game:  after that it's basically an unending series of boss monsters.7.  Frustratingly, you have to fight several boss monsters twice because they never seem to die.  Having to "kill" the same boss monster over and over again makes you feel like you're going in circles.8.  The principals having these deep discussions about delicate emotional issues while an enemy is shooting at them or while a timer is ticking down. Was this written by a 14-year-old?9.  The system for flattening oneself against a wall is not ready for prime time:  most of the time you find yourself flattened against the wall and you didn't mean to do this.  This will get you killed several times as you are thus basically standing still, allowing your enemies to shoot you.  It should have been running up to a wall in combination with pressing L1 or something.10.  The way your guy stands there uselessly for about two seconds after choking somebody.11.  The way you can easily bypass critical lifesaving devices, such as the thermal goggles.12.  The way the game takes all these cheap shots at you:  you can't look ahead because your radar is "jammed" and then you get shot by a security camera.  Or blown up by a mine.13.  The way you are prevented, after having killed a boss, from going back into the battle area and collecting the stuff you didn't collect during the battle.  Is it there or not?  So why can't I get it now?14.  The absurd anti-nuclear message at the game's finale.
Looking for rise off of naked blue men with green capes reminding you of your hero to save you. Well this game is for you. I first got introduced by one of my friends I mean an acquaintance. His favorite games soon showed me that he really wasn't all that bright. He said (In a gay womenly voice) "Hey try this game out." So I said hey what the hell. As I took it home I hid it away so no one would see it. So I popped it into my Playstation and even it rejected it. So after a couple of trys it finally ran. So the title screen appeared...I never knew this was an alien/vampire porno flick. The idea of impailing naked green "Slaughs" as their called in the game isn't my idea of a thrill. After killing them their balls shoot out numbing the mind into thinking why the main character would have to eat them to gain energy. Wow now I know im scared. Then the mysteriousnes of tredding through the two mystical worlds (one retarted...another more retarted) is as amazing as tredding through a piece of sh*t. Answer me this: If a vampire/gay alien, has his mouth ripped off how can he eat balls or talk? Its amazing!! "Feed on the balls of your enemies" "Explore the vast pieces of crap and an extra bonus its a ball buffet!!" The main character is not only a gay alien but is supposedly a vampire. His arch enemy is another vampire but is about...I don't know a billion times better then him (Just a rough estimate). The most amazing complex part of the gameplay is his amazing three hit combo. WOW THREE HITS!! Then press x to dodge/lunge and triangle to impale. Oh the complexity. My mind strains over this sh*t. Well if you like to get off to blue alien like men...Go for but I suggest you don't waist your money.
NES is the best ever, SNES was great but N64 for me had no games that were nearly as memorible.  I enjoyed Doom 64, WCW/NWO games, MK Trilogy, Goldeneye, Banjo Kazooie and thats about it but again nothing really memorible.  The grapics were new at the time but look like total garbage now and I have no desire to play the N64 but I still play NES to this day.
Thanks to Nintendo's bright idea to make a system and double the graphics from the 32-bit Sega Saturn and Playstation systems, we get stuck with one of the worst sytems out there.  True Sega Saturn had lousy 3D graphics and  bad third-party support, no one can deniy the fact it had some great games  on it.  And I hate Playstation, but because they shaped their graphics just  right the games somehow came out looking better than N64.  Not only do we  get a really cheesy system, they also had to turn many classic 2D games and  turn them into horrible 3D games (Like Earthworm Jim 3D, Zelda, Donkey Kong  64, Kirby, Rayman 2, and so much more...)!  Plus the controll drove me  bonkers the way they controll it.  Sometimes the controll's bother me so  much I have to stop playing the game.  Plus because the games are in  cartriges (Lousy sound and space because of this) they cost [a lot]  and the games are usally short and don't last more than a couple of hours  before you're finished with the game.  And this is from someone who has  loved all their other systems they made.  Which is why I was crying after I  played this thing (I still think once was too painfull) at a friends house.  Complete waste of money.  I do not recomend.  Let's hope the Nintendo Cube  Box turns out better than this piece of trash.
I wish they would make a Gamecube side-scrolling Donkey Kong effort like the SNES games, just make the graphics better, retain the music quality and make more levels and longer. They included some lovely old games like the original DONKEY KONG arcade game, and a spaceman game for computer. There are big worlds, but that seems just about it. There's a lot of collecting, but the problem-solving is no fun. This series became really removed from it's huge SNES appeal.
I borrowed this game from a friend. I played for half an hour then got bored. I'm glad I didn't pay money for it. It's pretty much just Banjo-Kazooie(which I also didn't like). I was upset, especially when I got to the first door requiring gold bananas. Why couldn't they have just put out another Banjo-Kazooie game and make an ORIGINAL Donkey Kong game for the N64.Banjo-Kazooie was fun, until the difficulty spiked out of nowhere. Also, the idea of making a cartoonish adventure somewhat nonlinear is poorly executed in it.I didn't play far enough to see if Donkey Kong corrected any of this, but it looks like it didn't. It just changed the setting from running around inside of a mountain to running around inside of islands. Great.If you liked Banjo-Kazooie, I'm sure you'll love this. If not, definitely skip Donkey Kong.
this game sucks big time. it was boring and stupid.
People say this game is great. To what extent? its great horrendousness? if that is the case, then yes. this game is so hard and cant be beat unless cheated after world 6, the game is impossible. just stick with sonic on sega genesis. the graphics look like the NES, even genesis is better. just dont waste time with a snes console or games.
I had a friend who used to come over and make fun of me for owning Killer Instinct.  He'd constantly ask me "when are you going to get rid of this crappy game?" and I'd tell him "oh, eventually".  But it took until 2001 when the game didn't sell at a yard sale that I ended up throwing it in the trashbin . THAT is when I got rid of it for good.The fighting in Killer Instinct is even worse than in Mortal Kombat, and I didn't think it was possible to defeat Mortal Kombat in sheer crappiness.  The one thing Killer Instinct does better than MK is the combo system.  It's easier and more enjoyable to unleash combos to your opponent in this game.  Unfortunately, just like Mortal Kombat, the fighting system is severely dated and useless by todays standards.  Unless you like your fighting games to be in slow-motion along with neverending choppy graphics (with bad-looking fatalities included for additional pain- pain that YOU feel) you should never ever think about buying this game.  Just another Super NES fighting game I hope people can't remember.
There should be a very easy setting. The game is much too difficult for me which makes it unplayable.
This might be a great game, but I may never know.  In spite of having a P3 with 640MB of RAM and a 64MB Graphics card, this game has crashed (frozen) my Windows ME system three times in a row, as I've tried to &quot;play&quot; the tutorial.  I've been trying to download a patch all day, and the miserable connection speed eventually degrades to nothing, and then restarts (thankfully where it left off).  If it ever downloads and installs, perhaps it will resolve my freezes, but not so far.
I never did get to far playing this game. I just don't get the hang of it. So I quit this game soon after I started. I like a game I can get somewhere with. I guess I didn't understand what it was all about when I bought it. Somebody else might do alright with it, but not me.
After the disappointment of FF XII, was curious what makes that producer so well known and could mess up a frachise like this. So went back to the roots and try Final Fantasy Tactics. I think there are really some people who enjoy frustrations in games and think that this is the only way to consider a game fun. Final Fantasy Tactics is annoying, frustrating and unrewarding. I don't know what's wrong with people who think that this is a great game. You think you can spend time to level up the characters to make the story battles easier? You are completely wrong. I'm stuck in a boss battle that after a 100 hours of level up you thought you have characters 30 levels higher than the enemies, you should be ok? You are wrong. The boss is so strong that despite you are 30 levels higher than them, it can wipe out your whole party in one go - despite all of them are 30 levels higher and have the best equipment on them at that point of the game. What's the point? I think I'll give up the Final Fantasy frachise for good now if the next game is by the same producer. It's not worth it at all. For people who think this kind of game challenging and fun, I think I'd rather not be a gamer anymore. If I can, I want to give -5 stars to this game.
Pokemon were cool, yes, there was a time when the great empire of little cuddly creature took America by storm. All 150 (as the new one's don't matter a bit) were great and were a lot of fun to see in the game. Then the franchise went down hill shelling out nothing that could be considered nothing more than drivel. I know this may be a lot for a person of any age who loves pokemon to swallow. But, the franchise is old and is nothing anymore but a waste of money. When, I first got this game I will not lie a bit, I was impressed it was a very fun game and I enjoyed owning it and being able to take pictures of various pokemon. When I finished the game though I was horribly disappointed. There were nowhere near the amount of Pokemon in the game I expected and the game really left little to the imagination (can you believe that, a pokemon game, that leaves little to the imagination?) I wish I could rate this game higher and maybe if there were no alternative it may have rated higher, but there are better games out there and I'm sorry but, I wasted my money on this game.
I throughly did not like this game at all. Unless you enjoy being on a set track and taking pictures of pokemon with a limited amount of film and giving them food or bombing them or playing music for them and taking more pictures. Then this game is not for you.
This game has seen its life. It lacks the motivation and breath-taking function of others of its genre here on 2009. I find Clocktower for the SNES to be more entertaining.-The graphics-Fuzzy character sprites, blood that is so cheap that it looks like red paint? Resident Evil took a whipping in the visual department. The zombies look like Re-Deads. And a brownish/black fuzzy blob is not scary, it's funny. There's been games like Tomb Raider and Croc that visually look better yet they are both PS1 games.Like a Sweet Home spinoff, Resident Evil starts out with very little weapons, but with scarce ammo. The one major difference between these two however, are the controls.That's right, i'm talking about button-busting control schemes. All the earlier RE games have an annoying tendency of allowing the character to die, a lot. When other games came out (and before) the controls were smoother, RE insisted that the characters turn painfully slow away from an approaching zombie, just giving the zombie enough ample-time to latch on to have lunch, breakfast, and dinner.Now what's so scary about this game?Is it given that M-ratings were considered 'rare' back on the PS1? The script? Or 'knowing' some zombie is gonna come out of that hallway sooner or later? The game starts with the player arriving on the grounds of the mansion (in a grainy video) then inside. Immediately there is conversation. The voice-acting is dull, un-lively and boring. Do I care that there's blood on the floor? No, why? because it looks like paint, that's why! Don't mind the plain-in-sight dead-body laying in the corner there, it's decor! Or not. Again, the voice-acting is as bland and convincing as a monologue broken-record. Ahh. Something's there. Ahhhhh. Bad acting produces bad results.Given that it was the first RE game may be the reason for its praising, considering both it's puzzle-like feature of finding items/unlocking rooms and of course, the zombies in a squashed polygon-rendered environment. But by today's standards (Fallout 3 anyone?) this game simply doesn't cut it. Silent Hill has a remake of it's first game, it may be worth a try. But as for RE 1 original, it's a rent. Try the other games before considering this.
This really isn't a part of the Final Fantasy series.  It's just labeled as such so it would sell better here in the US.  And yes... you can really jump in this game...
It takes two hits to kill every enemy, except bosses.  The undead bosses take one hit -- one cureall spell.  If your age is in the double digits in years, this game will probably be too simple for you.  NOT RECOMMENDED.
I heard SO many good things and how legendary this game was, I bought it, and Wanted a refund.The framerate is SO BAD that its like watching a slideshow. Virtua racer on the genesis is SO much better then this.and the controls..... HOHOHOHOYou go way too fast, and the controls are SO SLUGGISH.I played at least 45 minutes and trained, but I couldnt do good enough, I keep crashing. IDK Y nintendo thought there console was so cutting edge that they tried to make it do 3D polygons, but it fails. leave that up to the PS1 and Sega Saturn.
Street Fighter II was a crappy fighting game that was completley unplayable.The gameplay is awful and the cartoon graphics just made it even worse.Mortal Kombat had it ALL OVER Street Fighter II in ALL of these areas.Mortal Kombat really shines in the graphics compared to this heap of crap.Playing as realistic digitized characters was just so much better than playing with animated cartoonie looking dorks like Ryu or Ken.Pass this up and get Mortal Kombat instead.I know Mortal Kombat 1 for SNES did not have the blood and gore,but it was and STILL is better than this.Bottom line is...ALL Street Fighter games suck and Mortal Kombat is better in EVERY WAY...MK ALL THE WAY!
Is it me or is this game really boring, repetitive commentary, pointless competitions, no advancement for beginners to masters, and even the "fun" little party games are quick and boring. There are several parts to the game, the challenge road where you go through six Pokemon categories each getting more difficult. There is the freestyle where you battle against other Pokemasters or your friends. There are even nine party games which get old very fast. You are supposed to use your own Pokemon from your Gameboy pack, but there is a way to cheat by using the rental Pokemon which comes with all 150 Pokemon (instead of having to earn them). Even children get bored quickly of the game. There is a good part to the Pokemon Stadium package, it comes with a piece of hardware that lets you play your Gameboy on the N64. This also is not a RPG like the Pokemon Gameboy games are.
This game was too easy, too stupide, not enough challange, shall I go on?  After so many good games for this creampuff he finally got into a bad game.  Let's hope this is only a fluke like for Sonic (Who made a number of bad  games after &quot;Sonic &amp; Knuckles&quot;) before we got &quot;Sonic  Adventure.&quot;
..Until I read Rob Matthews' review of this game. I am also stuck on the training mission. I never got past it since I would go up the elevator, shoot a guard and then wind up at the beginning. This is a bug to end all bugs. It felt like I was in that Star Trek episode where they kept repeating the same day over and over again.I had high hopes for this game...
This is only a rumble if you are under 8 years old, otherwise it&#8217;s ...tremble that is not worth the money or the AA batteries that you need for it. The Rumble Pack fits into the slot of your N64 controller, and then a save pack fits into the Rumble Pack, making the controller quite heavy! There are two settings for the pack, low and high. Another annoying part of the pack is that there are two modes, one to turn the Rumble Pack on, and the other to work your gamepack to save games. Its just a hassle, and the only games that really use it are Zelda when you are fishing and sporting games, so you can feel the action.
I remember seeing previews for this game a couple of years ago; beautiful, sweeping lanscapes and dragons floating through the sky. I decided to buy the game about a year ago (I was poor, and waiting for the price drop). I had hoped that this could fill the void as I awaited the release of Final Fantasy X on the Playstation 2.Well, FFX has come and went, as have countless other games, and I STILL cannot muster the energy to put the sad, sad "Legend of Dragoon" out of its misery. I don't even know where to BEGIN damning this game, so let's begin at the beginning...Firstly, who in the WORLD conceived the lousy, pitiful soundtrack? From the opening title screen on, it seems as if the music was composed by some hair-metal band after a suicide attempt. And the plot? Can't Squaresoft sue? I mean, I have never seen a bigger ripoff of Final Fantasy VII, from the spiky haired lead character to the silver haired foe leading him by the nose across the world! Unfortunately for all, the results are far inferior to the Square offering...Also, who in the world TRANSLATED this thing? (I assume it is translated, I HOPE it is translated, I PRAY it is translated, sigh). Every character needs about a paragraph to say what could be thoroughly explained in a sentence. Does anyone even CARE about these characters? I sure don't...Oh, let's not forget the battle engine. Before every (RANDOM) encounter, the screen melts away like sand, followed by a sweeping camera laying out the poorly drawn field of battle, followed by a shot of the characters, and then one of the monsters. This happens before EVERY battle! I estimate a good ten hours of playtime is wasted just from this...Oh, and the battles? Don't even get me started. I will describe but one of the (uncountably infinite) shortcomings: a character can only cast magic while in the "dragoon" state. This makes every battle unbearably long, and expect to be hit with a random encounter every 5 seconds or so...I guess I'm left to ask, "What was the big deal?" Personally, I feel sorry for the schmoes who plunked down full price for this stinker (and apparently there were a lot of you; this game is a best-seller!). I suppose this is the reason for the ridiculously high rating this knockoff has received. Well, if there is anyone else thinking of buying this, DON'T! I hope the rant has dissuaded you! ZERO STARS!!!
"I will stop you to go forward" the portal watcher of Ulara said to me, the main protagonist.  Of course what she meant was "I won't let you pass."Above is just one hilarious example of the terrible dialogue in this game.  The dialogue is consistently this bad throughout the entire game, demeaning the characters, story, and entire game to amateur level.Dungeons are the heart of this game's gameplay, which are long and tedious.  Same areas are used in different locations with at least one battle in each area.  The numerous battles and repetitious dungeons make the gameplay incredibly slow and dry.Supposedly this game is well known for its cool battle quirks.  This is true, almost everything you do in a battle is effected in some way by player performance.  However I did not find this to be enjoyable.  After hundreds of battles I was pleading for the game to automate my attacks.  Repetition of button-timing and button-mashing mini games during battles became tiresome extremely fast.Soundtrack was quite nice though, paralleling Final Fantasy series quality.  This however doesn't make up for the rest of this mess.With poor story and gameplay, this game is not something I enjoyed playing.
I wish I had done my homework before purchasing this system.  It has half the ram of an regular xbox console.  Game performance was slow.  Navigating was slow.  Size is great.  It will fit anywhere.
I loved the size of the new PSTwo, but it is still overpriced.  You can buy an Xbox for this price.  Even though the Xbox is larger, it has a more powerful processor and comes with a harddrive so you don't need to shell out even more money for memory cards such as playstations require.  True playstation has a larger number of games, but xbox has many high quality games coming out in the next few months.  Such as Fable, Halo 2, MechAssault 2: Lone wolf ect.Pros.1. Small size and portable2. Large game selection from PS1 and PS2 titlesCons.1. Priced as much as an Xbox (When this hits $100 dollars next year I will be first in line to buy it.)2. Games graphically challenged compared to xbox3. More money for memory cards including special memory cards for PS1 game saves.Sony,take a hint and reduce the price of PSTwo or bundle it with memory cards, two controllers, and a game for this price.
i loved the original playstation, like everyone else. it was a great platform and had all the great games. but in my opinion, the playstation 2 has been a total bust. average-at-best games, hardware problems (i had to send in my first ps2 for repairs because it decided it didn't need to read discs anymore. then it decided to start grinding circular ruts in my discs. i finally had to take a $70 loss and trade that POS in for a new one). the psp is getting dominated by the nintendo ds, in games and in console sales. the ps3 is going to lose tons of market share to the xbox 360, because the former new kid on the block microsoft is a veteran now and knows what it has to do to cream sony. sony makes problem ridden hardware and is struggling. sony online is known for the worst mmo support ever (witness their totally inept and bungling mismanagement of a solid gold franchise in star wars galaxies). if it wasn't for the japanese mafia-style interwoven companies sony would have found itself shut out quite a while ago. the japan that can say no? how about the usa that will say no to sony when the xbox 360 comes out and the nintendo ds continues to crush the psp. the playstation 2 will be the last sony product i ever buy...i wish i would have had the foresight to buy an xbox instead of the ps2, it had better exclusive games (ninja gaiden, halo, jade empire, etc.) and was a more powerful and smoother system. sony= the new sega...
I unwittingly bought a PS2, not knowing that I'd get a god awfull small game controller. I used it for a month and now I can't hardly move my hands or my fingers. Don't buy Playstation 2. They've ruined my future. I'm writing this review right now by using a voice typing program that Microsoft published especially for people who've ended up in my poor situation.
All the Megaman games are way to dawn hard, esspessially MM 6 thats insane.  I have played all these and the only one I enjoyed and played alot was Megaman 5 on origional gameboy the rest just pissed me off.
This game is so so but the thing that kills it completely is the horrible, stupid controls.  Mario seems to have greese on his boots as he always slides of edges and makes crappy jumps to his death no matter what you do.  The graphics were pretty good for the time and the game is some what fun for about a half hour before it gets too repeditive to the point where you never want to see it again.  Mario 3 is the best one. This game only sold so many copies because it was shipped out with every NES  system.  Nintendo Entertainment System saved the gaming market not this crappy game.
Super Mario Bros. 2 is absolutely horrible. Super Mario Bros. 3 is a lot better, but it's a little overrated... The original Super Mario Bros. Beats them both, easily! But Super Mario World is near-perfect, making them all seem like nothing. Mario has made a lot of great games in his day, but Super Mario Bros. 2 was a terrible failure. The graphics and sound are bad. The gameplay isn't what you'd expect from classic Mario games. Picking up enemies instead of stomping on them is too hard to do and takes too long. There aren't a lot of Power-ups, and they're not good power-ups either. Super Mario Bros. 1 and 3 are great, especially 1. If you really want to know how bad this piece of junk is, then get this: I can't think of A SINGLE good thing to say about Mario 2! The best quality in the game is poor quality.Presentation- 38/100Graphics- 49/100Sound- 35/100Gameplay- 15/100Replay Value- 9/100Overall- 23/100
"Dear God, please let this horrible game be a figment of my imagination"Nope, it's real.  What an unbelievable piece of overrated garbage Super Mario Bros. 3 is.  For the life of me I don't get the appeal of this game.  Through each of the eight boring worlds it's just the same thing every time: run to the end of each and every extremely short, uncreative level collecting worthless crap so you can move on to the next short, uncreative level.  Super Mario Bros. 3 is complete baboon poop.  It really is.  Nothing good about this game at all.  No reason for Mario or video game fans to remember this crappy adventure.  No reason for this game to exist.  Thank God there are sensible people out there such as myself to give you the honest truth.Let's get right to the point and talk about all the stinky things:One, and this is the biggest reason Super Mario Bros. 3 isn't any good.  You can only play as Mario and Luigi.  In Super Mario Bros. 2 you can play as the Princess and Toad in addition to Mario and Luigi.  Not so here.  In this game, Mario and Luigi don't even have anything unique to separate the two, so they are basically the same exact person (except Mario is red and Luigi is green).  Remember how high Luigi can jump in Super Mario Bros. 2?  Well now he jumps just like Mario.  Absolutely no reason for this.  If anything, Luigi should have MANY more interesting things about him this time around since, after all, Super Mario Bros. 3 comes AFTER Super Mario Bros. 2 and you'd think the most logical thing would be to continue adding MORE things with each new series.  But in this case, you get less.  I guess Nintendo FORGOT to make Luigi stand apart from Mario.Another problem: this game is so freakin' predictable.  Gee, after the desert world I go to... a water world?  You don't say!  What?  There's an ICE world and a plant world coming up?  No way!  And what's THIS I see?  The final world will be BIG DARK EVIL FIRE WORLD?  I didn't see THAT coming.  Thanks Nintendo, for making Mario fans look like complete idiots.  Way to go.Other serious problems become noticeable after a couple hours of playtime such as the fact that you have to do so much boring jumping in this game.  You have to jump on top of (or over) SO many things that it becomes an absolute chore after world 3 (if you even MAKE it that far without shutting off the game, that is).  If you find anything exciting about jumping over pipes or jumping on top of goombas or picking up and kicking buzzy beetles, then I recommend seeking professional help.Ok, what else makes Super Mario Bros. 3 suck so much?  It can't get any worse, right?  Yes it can.  After you beat the game a message comes up on the screen that says "Thank you, but our princess is in another castle.  Just kidding, hahaha".  You mean to tell me, after all that long, hard and tedious work making it to the very end, Nintendo is going to joke around and make like the adventure isn't over yet?  Before the "just kidding" part, you might very well rip apart your controller or punch a hole in your TV screen all because Nintendo wants to play around and pretend there's still more to the adventure.  I can't even think of appropriate words to describe how angry this makes me.  Tears of anger are almost dripping down my face.  Nintendo NEVER should have done that.  I bet that most people who first seen that message really thought the princess was in another castle and came THIS close to killing the nearest living thing next to them.  Bad Nintendo.And guess what?  You have to face one of Bowser's kids at the end of every world.  I'm not kidding.  I was honestly expecting to fight Bowser's WIFE before fighting him, but it never happened.  That's probably for the better.  Who knows how horrific she looks.I'm still trying to figure out what everyone sees in this game.  It's old and forgettable.  Honestly, I think nowadays the only people who enjoy Super Mario Bros. 3 are older folks whose children have moved away to college or to start a family, and they left behind their NES and Super Mario Bros. 3 cartridge so their parents had something to do.  All these older folks miraculously happen to enjoy the game so now EVERYONE acts like it's the best game of all-time.  Well it's not.
Despite all that, there is a right way to do them, as well as the wrong way, which they just did.  If you want a plot that works, make every action depending upon your specific reaction have roughly ten possible outcomes, but then merge them later weave 20 or 30 separate plots depending on what you have done, and that can suddenly shift if you do something really odd, and make the story alter entirely.  Instead Legend of Mana appeared from when I played it to be nothing more than a bunch of loosely strung together garbage- go to a town, solve the puzzle, hear a bunch of drivel that doesn't add up to anything else in your head, get the item and build a new town.  The only thing that was recurring was that the faerie princess kept losing her way from what I played, but what did that have to do with anything.This is an example of a good nonlinear plot:You are a child in a town that gets destroyed by an evil overlord. The survivors worship you as the hero and fully expect you to right wrongs and destroy the overlord (base plot).  Now as you set out, you're swinging your sword about like a fool and you kill a cat by accident. You get arrested for animal cruelty, and put in prison.  So then in prison you meet a rogue girl who sets you free, and she tell you that the overlord is small potatoes, that the real problem is this organization that is supposed to be the law but is imposing too harse penalties on minor offenses, so under her tutelage, you become a career criminal.  OR you continue on your way and the overlord send an assassin to poison your drink, but she has a change of heart and drug it instead.  You get sent as a slave to be a gladiator, but you fight well and impress the army and instead fight in a war.  OR you continue unswayed and finally reach the overlord's castle only it seems the townspeople were lying, the guy is really a paladin who saw extreme corruption in the town, and put an end to it, and he has proof. So you march right back tothe town and see that he was right.This is nonlinear plotline, the plot can make any twist imaginable throughout the game, even sacricing the original antagonize or even the hero.  Assume the hero died in the thief story, the plot might now revolve around the rogue girl, and her adventures.
Neverwinter Nights is really not a computer game in the traditional sense.  It's more of an electronic version of the pen and paper role-playing game Dungeons and Dragons.  If you are an avid D&D; player who can't get your group together at your own house, you now have the internet to do it.  While this is fine for pen and paper D&D; groupies, the rest of us are left out in the cold.Basically, Neverwinter Nights is set up in the hopes that a community will help it grow.  The game comes with a sample campaign to play but it also comes with a complete editor that lets anyone design their own D&D; adventures.  Either with the official campaign included in box or some of the community made mods (there are already 500+ available online), you can play Neverwinter Nights by yourself or online with a group of players.  To further enhance the pen and paper D&D; experience, there is even a dungeon master client in the game.  If you don't know what a dungeon master is I can already tell you you're purchasing the wrong game.  Basically, a DM watches over the mod and controls the adventure to hopefully provide a better game for the players.  Sort of like an invisible referee.This all sounds great when reading it on the back of the box but I'm not sure it really works.  For one thing, while the editor has a lot of capabilities, every map has that same square-look to it to fit in the D&D; grid system.  Nothing looks natural and after playing a few mods you've seen everything the game has to offer and it all starts to repeat itself.  Also, for a game that relies on the community to invent new adventures, the editor is more difficult than it should be.  If you don't know programming basics, you're going to have a difficult time with the editor as every simple action has to be scripted which is basically simple C+ programming.  To accomodate this new system and catch up with its competitors, Neverwinter Nights also has a new 3-D system that reminds me of hack and slash games like Diablo more than the company's previous classic release Baldur's Gate I and II.  In fact, the official campaign included in the game is NOTHING compared to the Baldur's Gate games and I would recommend that you not buy this game if the official campaign is the only thing you will play.  The included campaign is boring, linear and not that creative, it's more of a sample for the editor rather than an epic adventure.If you plan on only playing online, be careful if you only have a 56K modem.  You'll never be able to host more than 3 players on your computer without lag.  Also, you'll have a difficult time joining the large servers with 20+ players if your connection is slow.  Neverwinter Nights comes with an ingame browser that divides online games by category.  You can join the action channel, the roleplaying channel, etc.  Most of these games are called persistent worlds and are basically smaller versions of Everquest. While they can be for awhile because of their small size and limited equipment, quests, etc., they never provide much fun.  The best way to play the game is to get together with a group of friends and meet on a weekly basis just like you would the pen and paper D&D.;  While you can find people to play with through online fan sites, you'll have a much better time with this game if you already know people that own it and are willing to play the same mod with you at scheduled times.After trying this game for a month, frankly, I feel cheated.  I bought the game because it promised gamers that even if they didn't want to play online or use the editor they could play the official campaign included in the game by themselves and have just as much fun as they did with the company's other epic releases Baldur's Gate I and II.  That's a misleading claim because the new mechanics of Neverwinter Nights and the boring campaign included are pitiful attempts to live up to the company's previous PC D&D; games.  This game is really only for people that want to enjoy an electronic pen and paper version of D&D;, the rest of us should move on to Icewind Dale II or Morrowind or hope that another company manages to design a great singleplayer RPG as fantastic as the Baldur's Gate series.
It is sad to say the least that what made this game horrible was the fact that there was time added!! How does it ever make sense that you have temples lodead with many things to get not to mention going into ten different rooms just to get to an enemy yet you only have 72 hours game time to complete the task?! Not to mention side quests and loads of things to do. The sotry line was cool and the graphics were great but this comes nothing close to Ocarina Of Time which I enjoyed sooo much! In fact I think Ocarina Of Time was waaaaaay better then this. If you are going to make a game make the ememies hard and the task difficult but don't add time. Picture if you were half way through a temple and were almost done then time runs out!! That would make you want to pull your hair!! Thankfully from the looks of future games I have seen they did not make that fatal mistake again! I recomend to buy Orcarina Of Time better!
This is the WORST game I played. At first I thought this game would be excellent because I LOVED Super Mario for the SNES. When I put the game in, I wasted so much time on a LONG and boring intro that you HAVE to watch. 2nd Mario talks to EVREYBODY in the game, which adds to more boredom. May I also include there is no sound? 3rd, everytime Mario has a battle with a stupid bad guy, it goes into a scene similar to Pokemon. You do your attack, than Mario gets attacked himself! What is that?! If I made the game, I would just make it so Mario and him fought normally!4th, the graphics are just terrible.5th, the music REALLY got on my nerves.So ignore the majority of people that say it is the best.  In my opinion, the game is sad and just disgraces the N64.
As an adult I find this game extremely boring.  Basically you are a little dragon and hop around to recover dragon eggs stolen by some evil beings.  Your primary weapons are your body and the fire coming out of your mouth.  The graphics is very simple (ok, maybe because I have a PS2 I keep forgetting this game was designed for PSX), and the controls (like most Sony games) are more complicated than necessary.  The gameplay is repetitive and very tedious.  And the characters, when they talk to you, talk in text, not voice.  Very lame.If you want to play this game, rent it, don't waste your money buying it.  It's pretty easy to finish all the levels in a day or two.
This game is really boring and it has high systems requirements and video cards problems...... Do not BUY this game!
this is one of the most overrated piles of tripe ive ever playedthe graphics are pretty but you'll need a pretty hefty card and processor to get the most out of them. my voodoo3 450mhz struggled almost constantlythe gamneplay, although hyped up something massive is dull at best. it just boils down to the people want wood so put some trees in the store. the people want food so put some food in the store. the other god wants you to get more land, put food and wood in another village's store. etc...sound is good but it doesnt reallt matter considering the rest of the game is so dullthe creatures although made to seem like real children are boring and essentially boils down to ape picks up man, god slaps ape, ape goes &quot;ooh&quot;, ape picks up another man. etc... i suppose eventually the ape will learn not to pick up the man but you'll have flogged this game by then.my rating: zipmaybe 4/5 if you coiuld use the cd as a coaster maybe
The graphics are good but the gameplay totally sucks!!
man this is a poor game i bought it, played it for an hour and thought this cant be it but it is... theres no voice acting so the atmosphere is cack and the battle system is really bad. a game like this relies on gut feeling and instincts, not to be told how much hp was taken off the player should not be told. The cut scenes are good and the camera at the beginning (i sold it after that) was reasonably good. This game just feels like a sub-par resident evil. Even the graphics are not upto resie standards the developers didnt use pre renders like capcom so the areas look ok at best. The enemies are reasonably well animated and look solid enough but dont provide the visual oomph that resie's deadites do. You shouild be able to see the flesh hanging off them but nope. Whats with the rpg elements too? Again it detracts from the atmosphere when you recieve bp or whatever from kills and use it to upgrade, it just doesnt work and feels tacked on. If they were goimg to do something like this then they could have ,made it at least a bit more in-depth like other rpgs.  There are many faults to this game and all add up to a below standard rpg/action type thing. not good at all. If you're wanting survival horro best check out resident evil 2.
Is this PS2 graphics or just taken from the original PS? The graphics are for the most part dated and very weak looking and the game is only semi-fun if you play the multiplayer death matches. Personaly I prefer Unreal Tournament for PS2. If you want to buy this game at least rent it first, or if not, it's your funeral.
WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT! FOR THE RESIDENT EVIL SERIES, THIS GAME REALLY SUCKS BIG TIME. THE STORY IS LAME, THE CONTROLS ARE DIFFERENT FROM PAST RESIDENT EVIL GAMES. FIRST PERSON SHOOTERS SHOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED WITH A RESIDENT EVIL GAME. THESE TITLES WERE MEANT LIKE THE FIRST 3 RE GAMES, THIS GAME SUCKS LIKE RE DEAD AIM. IF YOU WANT A GREAT RE GAME, GET THE FIRT 3, PLUS CODE VERONICA X, AND RE 4, NOW THESE ARE RE GAMES. NOT THIS LAME RE SURVIVOR.
Ok let me tell you this. RENT DONT EVEN DARE BUY! The only thing that kicks on this game is first person view mode. But this game is not even fun. You work for umbrella in some crazy city a little after resident evil 3 and you fall from a helicopter and get amnesia not knowing you are the most feared person in the world. You screw around killing zombies but you never ever ever get to have any fun at all. Whats with capcom now? Why are they so lazy now when it comes that they make even greater games than konami does. Now one game i reccomend is Resident Evil Code Veronica, its very fun.
Resident Evil Survivor, the black sheep of the Resident Evil family. Compared to the rest of the Resident Evil's, yes, this game is bad. However, it is not unplayable. The lack of any and all save points means that you're going to have to go thru the entire game in one sitting...and that can be quite a challenge. However, considering how easy the game is, it's not because of difficulty. This game just is bad. Now, if you have a bunch of friends over who love Resident Evil like you do and you just want to be able to say you beat them all, this game does have some redeeming value. It's great for a laugh with a group of friends at just how bad it is. This game is more of a collectors item for those who want to have the entire Resident Evil series and who want to beat them all rather than for those who want a fun and enjoyable game to play. Stay away unless you're Resident Evil thru and thru. NnyCW for CapCity.
Where to begin with this boring game? As a hardcore Final Fantasy fan, I find it hard to start on how disappointing this game is.First of all, the characters. They're lame. The main character is this stupid monkey boy who's part of a theater troupe. That's not very badass! After making the super cool ex SOLDIER Cloud and SeeD in training Squall, what was Squaresoft thinking? Did they not look back at the past final fantasies and get that the protagonist is supposed to be a badass? Losers hanging with this failure of a protagonist include a little kid with no face (who came up with THAT design?), an annoying guy in armor who always jumps up and down, a girl with purple hair (lol, is this an supposed to be an anime?), and another girl that's named after a weapon she doesn't even use, awesome. None of these characters are as awesome as Barret or as hot as Tifa and they all look like they came out of a cartoon, another failure on Squaresoft's part.Next, the story. It's stupid. The only thing I can recall from my boredom is that it involves stealing a princess during a play performance (wtf?) and preventing an airship from blowing up or something like that. The main villain is some fat blue lady. What the hell is that about? While playing this I just sat there wishing Sephiroth would jump into the scene and stab her! I stopped playing after the first disc, where in the end some white haired chick looks down at the dead characters and flies off on a dragon (was that supposed to be a female Sephiroth or what? who cares) The world was boring. It was all castles and medieval crap like that. Hello! Final Fantasies are supposed to take place in futuristic worlds with technology and guns!Lastly, the battle system. What a pile of crap. Only the stupid kid can cast black magic, the girl is the only one who can heal, and the other guys are the only ones who can use real weapons. What kinda system is that? It's like they're each supposed to have a designated role! You're supposed to have 'em learn spells though materia! Oh wait, only REAL Final Fantasies are allowed to have materia, my bad. Also, why do you control four party members? First of all, that makes this game even more confusing and stupid, and second of all, REAL Final Fantasies have only three party members!In conclusion, this game fails to please any Final Fantasy fan due to to Squaresoft's failure to take a look at the franchise's  roots. If Square had looked back and reflected on what made Final Fantasy such a great series to begin with, they would have known this game would be a disappointment to any longtime Final Fantasy fan such as myself.
I was never a fan of the Playstation 2 controller.  I don't like the fact that the analog stick replaced the directional pad. Using an analog stick is annoying because you don't feel comfortable with it. Ask any older gamer- they will tell you that you felt more in control of your movements with a directional pad. With an analog stick, you slide all over the place. In addition to that disaster, the PS2 controller also suffers from "too many buttons". We shouldn't have to have a degree in rocket science to figure out how to successfully figure out and complete a game. The Playstation One had the best controller ever. It was comfortable, you were always in complete control, and it just looked better.
I unwittingly bought a PS2, not knowing that I'd get a god awfull small game controller. I used it for a month and now I can't hardly move my hands or my fingers. Don't buy Playstation 2. They've ruined my future. I'm writing this review right now by using a voice typing program that Microsoft published especially for people who've ended up in my poor situation. (P.S. buy an xbox instead, their controllers are much bigger)
At close to ($price) Sony's official memory card is way overpriced.  It probably costs them $2 or $3 to make it but we end up paying dearly.  Unfortunately you should not buy third-party memory products; none of them offers complete compatibility with the PS2.  Sony's memory is slow, but at least reliable.
I don't really consider this a game. Yes, it is very different. But, what is good in diffrence is bad in gameplay. The princess cannot climb chains at all. Can't she feel a chain? COME ON! The combat is stupid. Look at me! I'm hitting black shadows with a stick! WOW! The puzzles are interesting, but i hate that call that Ico has when calling for Yorda. SQUAWK! Also, PLEASE TRANSLATE YORDA! Maybe i'm not a fan of puzzle games. Oh well.
i got this game a few years ago...many years after it came out. so many good reviews, but when i played it i wanted to hurt the people that made it and not allow the creators to do make anything else(but they redeemed themselves withShadow of the ColossusA+.  Pointless adventure, worthless story, hideous game play. SotC is where this company shines. forget this game, get SotC.they might be coming out with a ICO/SotC PS3 upscaled HD game...i recommend getting that only for SotC
I can't even really say this is a fake Zelda, because they tried to copy and came up with a repetitous counterfeit. Over 100 hours of the same thing, over and over again. I maxed out my sword and didn't even get a reward. I wouldn't wish this life stealer on my worst enemy, that's why I through it in the garbage. Negative -5 and yes, I beat it. Ocarina Of Time a positive +1,000 stars.
Gran Turismo 3 A-Spec tries to hide its craptacular and atrocious gameplay with the looks of a gorgeous racer. But then it's like when you look at a movie star on an HDTV, and you see its appalling horrors that lie within it. To start off the controls suck greatly. For example; when turning a corner you will notice how you can't seem to keep your vehicle on the road, and it constantly slips and swerves like you're driving in snow. Another problem; the absence of a sense of speed. When I was driving I never felt the sense of speed that should be in racers. Instead, it felt like I was maybe only going about 40mph or less. Problem #3; the lack of interesting tracks to race on. When going through the various tracks I never felt compelled to look at the environments around me solely for the fact that they were so boring. Problem #4; crappy career mode. Never, in my years of playing various racers did I ever go through a career mode that was so dull and made me feel so unwanting to complete it one day. Problem #5; crappy multiplayer. Wow, what a horribly dull and unexciting way to challenge a friend to a race! Here's how it went; we raced around the boring tracks, swerved like we were driving in snow, and we were totally bored. So, then he took the game out of his  PS2 and put in Kingdom Hearts... that is how bad the multiplayer is. The only positive thing; the amazing graphics, that was it.
The online adaptor works great with any online game that came out before 2004.  DSL is not compatible with this adaptor on ALL games created after 2004.  Do not fall for these other reviews.  I have DSL and I was able to play Madden 2004 online, but Madden 2005 IS NOT COMPATIBLE, I called EA Sports and a recording tells you DSL is not compatible with ANY EA games sold after 2004.  I tried calling my ISP as well as Sony but found absolutely no tech support on this subject.  How can you have 10 million users who have DSL and possibly make games that are not compatible with DSL I ask you?  Sony found a way.  Oh and don't think you'll be able to play SOCOM II online with DSL either, I repeat all newer games  will not work with DSL.  Don't get me wrong, I love the PS2, but man did they drop the ball with the online adaptor!!!
This product for the PS2 that enables you to play online is an absolute rip. I have pleanty of reasons but let me give you the jist of it. Now see first of the price of the adapter alone is pleanty enough to put someone down. Hell I love online gaming but 40 some bucks taken out of my pocket to do it is a little too much. The adapter is fine within itself. The problem I have with it, is just the online capabilities. Now first off installing and connecting the adapter to your PS2 (...)takes way to much time. Another thing is the booklet which they give you and expect you to read it is like a chapter book not a manuel. In order to start playing you must put the disc in which is given within the package and sit through a long tidius process. It is not as simple as to plug it in and play instead they had to create a long difficult process.Another problem with this product is the capabilities with the games. First of the games are very limited...From that I mean the choice in which one has to play from. Eventually I know more games will come out...But eventually PS3 will come out won't it? Nevertheless for the games that are compatiable with this adapter the connectivity servers suck ass!! Playing from several of my friends house and my own the lagging and time it takes to enter a game is extensive and overstrenuius. There are pleanty more things wrong with this including hidden fees with cables (not included in package) the games and routers (Which I needed). I spent in total around $200 in high hopes of playing online. Instead I had the enjoyment of staring into the menu screen of the PS2. If your smart you'll spend your money on something else you want instead of this POS. By any means necessary stay away from this product!!
Hi,When I first loaded this game I couldn't get past the title screen.  I e-mailed support and had no luck getting it to work.  Based on my negative review here on Amazon, Greg Uhler, one of the games producers, e-mailed me PERSONALLY to try to help.As it turns out, I e-mailed all my information and he gave me a solution right away!  Now the game runs great.I cannot thank Greg enough for his personal help!In case you would like to know what I did:I manually set my monitor resolution to 640x480 and 32-bit color.  That's all it took.  BTW I have a voodoo2 12MB, so if you have had any troubles try this!Rich Rossi-----------Old---------- As many of you know, this game had some serious support problems. I was never able to get it to work even though my computer exceeds all the system requirements. I talked to support, and recieved an answer and a follow up answer...then nothing. ....Now I am stuck with a game that will not run on a computer that it is advertized to work on. .... You have been warned.
Well, It seems that you can't trust Konami. They come out with great games like Metal Gear Solid, but also produce [junk] like this. The demo disc, well it's worth it, but you can buy the game now. The gameplay is horrible. It's just a giant robot collding into other robots in order for them to explode. WOW! And that awful awful AWFUL soundtrack.[Bad] techno with a singer who's genitals were ripped open by fishing knives. The voice acting [stunk], espicially Leo...Bad game. Don't waste your time.
I'm good at puzzle games and I like them. But this is too hard. Getting 1 sword will be hard for beginners or any gamers. You must have to have the Stragety Guide memorized in your brain to beat this. You should not ever get a Zelda game(unless you're up for the challenge). Don't get this.
This game is the pits! Its the worst Mario game ever. Even worse than Mario 64.Pros: Nice GraphicsCons: Makes you madder than the Mad Hatter!Terrible GameplayToo hard
The original GBA is an eye-killer because its screen is so dark.  Even though the LCD is active-matrix, you can't see much even under the best lighting conditions.  Get the new SP edition instead; it has built-in frontlight.
I bought this a few years ago because I sold myGame Boy Advance SP Classic NES Limited Editionsince I bought aNintendo DS Lite Onyx Blackand later came across some of my old GB Color and Black and White games I thought I lost in a move. This is crap compared to aGame Boy Advance SP Classic NES Limited Editionsystem (or any GBA SP). The screen is so dark on this original GBA System, I have to shine several lights on it to see the screen and sometimes the glare of the lights makes it even more difficult to see the screen. Just stick with a DS or an GBASP system to play GBA Games.
i don't want to waste too much time on this crappy game...  it's just not good at all, and it's pretty funny how everyone keeps saying it's good just because other people and game review sites say it is.  maybe it's because this game was made years ago, before better games came along.  whatever.  nothing sets this game apart as fun or special, be it graphics or gameplay or story.
I'll be frank. I purchased this game because it was cheap and I miss the old Doom shoot'em ups so I was feeling a bit nostalgic. But I must say that Red Faction is not a very good game. The graphics look like something from Super Nintendo, the controls will definitely get you wacked if the monkey enemies disquised as humans don't kill you first and the character voices! My god I though I was hearing people talk through a pillow being stuffed in their faces. Purely Awful!
This game does not do any justice to Castlevania because the game's dark ambience is totally destroyed by GBA's poor screen.  Don't even think about playing the game under anything other than ideal lighting conditions.  You just won't be able to see much on the screen.  I was foolish enough to buy the game to play on my subway commute but boy, was it a true nightmare.The gameplay itself is classic.  You scroll to explore the environments, so it's very easy to play.  Konami should have lightened up the display and made the game GBA-friendly.  Then I would have given it a three-star or higher.
Dragon Ball Z Budokai is horrible. The graphics are ok, but the gameplay is slow. I'm not a big Dragon Ball Z fan, but I do like good fighting games and this is not one of them. I would not recommend buying this game, if you are DBZ fan then you might want to rent it.
Ladies and gentlemen be warned. This game is a popular series that has --until this point-- been very enjoyable. But Treyarch has seriously lost their touch. Spiderman 2 starts out as a wonderful game, the ability to visit street level and foil "everyday crimes" around the city is awesome. But the "level bosses" (fights that you must complete to move on) are terribly designed. One level (Mysterio's burning theatre) is impossibly difficult simply because of the terrible web slinging controls the game has employed. Another level (Statue of Liberty) is so bad that you'll want to return the game. This game deserves no honors whatsoever, since the designers spent too much time trying to do "cool" things, rather than making it playable. Go back to the older Spiderman games and you'll enjoy yourself a lot more.
The Saturn was a briefly popular 32-bit video game system created by Sega in the 90's.  It was designed to compete with the Sony Playstation and Nintendo 64.  Unfortunately for Sega, the Saturn ranks a distant third in terms of enjoyment value.Looking back, I'd say the Sega Saturn really isn't that bad a system.  I used to play it with my friend and I'd say I had a *little* fun.  It's just that Sony was pumping out an *unbelievable* amount of excellent games during the EXACT time Sega was trying to market the Saturn and, as you know, Sony came out of nowhere and grabbed the attention of millions and millions of video game fans.  This made it VERY hard for Sega to keep up with the surprising success of the Playstation.  Sony wasn't fooling around back then- they were on a mission to dominate the video game market and BOY did they ever succeed.  It permanently changed the video game scene; destroying the console wars between Nintendo and Sega.  Sony coming out of nowhere and almost *immediately* ruling the market pretty much spelled the end of Nintendo and Sega being the only two video game companies competing with each other.  Now a THIRD company entered the mix.  To put it another way- Sony temporarily brought Nintendo to its knees and, in the process, knocked out Sega forever.  Sega was never able to recover from the damage Sony had done.  Everyone thought Nintendo would be the company to destroy Sega.  Nope!  Nintendo came close a few times, though.  With Sega's well-known history of bad marketing techniques, this might have been for the best.  I bet Sega would have continued to struggle if they had made the decision to keep themselves in the console-releasing market after the Dreamcast was finished.  I bet Sega would be looking pretty ugly right now, in terms of sales.  Good thing they pulled away.Because the Sega Saturn didn't have a long life, the few people out there who actually own one HAVE to notice its main weak point- not very many games to choose from.  The good Saturn games you CAN choose from are either really rare and expensive, or import games never released in America. That's the biggest problem with the Saturn.  Just not enough.To give Sega credit, the Saturn DOES have some quality games such as Virtua Fighter 2, Guardian Heroes, Radiant Silvergun, Shining Force III, Sonic Jam, Nights and Dracula X.  BUT- and here's the important thing I want you to remember- it would be IMPOSSIBLE to ignore the many crappy games released for the Saturn.  Worthless games such as Corpse Killer, Bug Too!, Incredible Hulk: The Pantheon Saga, Hi-Octane, G-Vector and The House of the Dead don't exactly show off the Saturn's amazing capabilities.  Also keep in mind that the Sega Saturn was an *extremely* awful system when it came to sports games.  Just about every basketball and hockey game released for the system isn't worth a darn.  To me that's surprising when you consider the Sega Genesis was known at one point as the best video game system for sports games.  You'd think Sega would have continued the trend of releasing quality sports games for the Saturn, but they didn't.  Another disappointment.Everyone likes to point out that the Playstation is the video game system with the highest amount of crappy games.  That's only because Sega gave up halfway through the competition with the Playstation.  Argue with me if you must, but the Saturn was basically dead by the end of 1997.  The Playstation was just getting warmed up by that point.  If the Saturn had continued to compete with the Playstation until say, the year 2000, the Saturn probably would've ended up with JUST as many horrible games.  Sega gave up in 1997 when it finally dawned on them that Sony was putting them out of business.Mostly jealous Sega fanboys like to point out the high amount of terrible Playstation games, while Playstation fans correctly understand that you have to sort through a lot of junk to get to the GOOD games- and believe me, the Playstation had a LOT of good games.  In fact, the best Playstation games are better than the best Saturn games, in my opinion.  Give me Silent Hill and Resident Evil 2 over Nights and Shining Force III ANY day.  It's a shame Sega fans will never stop defending the Saturn with the same old argument.  Time to give it a rest.In case you haven't noticed already, it bothers me that Sega fans don't seem to mind all the junk that was released for the Saturn and instead point out all the crappy games available for the Playstation.  That's like saying the mosquitos in Miami aren't NEARLY as bad as the ones in Tampa Bay.  Doesn't make much sense does it?  So why am I defending the Playstation's crappy games?  Because I find it a little bit inaccurate (and rude, to be honest) that Sega fans completely ignore the crappy games available for the Saturn and instead focus on the crappy games for the Playstation 1.  I just want to point out that yes, the Saturn DOES have its share of horrible games as well, despite what Sega fans would like you to believe.I think Sega fans are confused when they say overall, Saturn games feature less loading times than the Playstation.  For a supposedly powerful video game system, you sure had to wait a LONG time to play a game on the Saturn.  For example, you have to sit there for an eternity to play games like WWF: Wrestlemania: the Arcade Game and Mortal Kombat Trilogy.  Compare those loading times to the same games on the Playstation, and the wait isn't NEARLY as inconvenient.What makes the lengthy loading times on the Sega Saturn even MORE frustrating is how, right after the "now loading" screen goes away, the screen turns black for a few seconds making you wait even LONGER.  There's no 3-seconds of blackness on the Playstation.  The *very* second the loading screen goes away on ANY Playstation game, the actual game comes in.  Sega fans like to pretend those few additional seconds of loading aren't happening.  Trust me Sega fans, I DO notice them.  I DO realize that I'm waiting 3 extra unnecessary seconds to play the darn game.  The Saturn is MUCH worse when it comes to loading times.  It's SO slow.  None of this matters anyway, because by the end of 1997 loading times were almost completely gone anyway!  If only the Saturn had survived long enough to see that.Besides the loading problem, most of the time the Playstation had the superior version when the same game was released for both systems.  This was because the graphics were always clean and sparkly on the Playstation.  On the Saturn, after they finished creating a game it was like they rubbed the graphic engine in the dirt.  Either that, or the person who put the colors in all the Saturn games could only see in black and white.  All the bland, colorless backgrounds on most Saturn games make me feel like I'm digging a hole to China.  Poor, severely-dated graphics.  For a good example, compare the two versions of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  Once again, the Playstation version smears it.  The Saturn version features ugly, grainy and ugly-colored graphics.  If a game appears on both the Saturn and Playstation, compare the graphics and I guarantee the Playstation version will look better.I can think of only one thing the Saturn did better than Sony- the CD Player built into the system is actually more interesting on the Saturn.  On the Playstation it's just a boring, predictable layout of hitting "Play" "Pause" "Forward" etc.  On the Saturn you have a LOT more options, and the neat-looking background showing a countless amount of shooting stars is pretty impressive to watch while you sit back and listen to the music from the CD you put on.  None of this means the actual quality of the CD player on the Saturn is better- just that the outer space background and addition of more options makes it LOOK better.  They both play CD's very well.It's a shame the Saturn couldn't hang with the big boys.  It couldn't hang around long enough to see sequels to many popular games such as Resident Evil, Mega Man and Tomb Raider.  All those sequels went to the Playstation and turned out to be VERY successful.  If a game like Resident Evil 2 had appeared on the Saturn, who knows how successful it would have been.  Sony seriously put a hurtin' on Sega.Funny how the Playstation's gray-colored ordinary-looking system design is actually more attractive than the Saturn's silky-black "cool" color.  What's that expression?  Never judge a book by its cover.  Right!  I think back to that Sega commercial ten years ago showing a Playstation falling from a building and a guys voice saying "fly, play thing, fly".  hahahahahahahahaHAHAHA!!!
Civilization II is my all time favorite computer game. When I lost that game when a computer virus damaged my hard drive I recieved the Third edition of this series. And what a utter crock of $h!t. I am so dissapointed I am almost crying in disbelief.There are so many thing that completely ruin the qualities of this so called game. First you can't bribe rival units. Second, there is no cheat mode to toggle. Third there is no complete it button to spend money to build improvements, units, or wonders. God, is there no end to this sorry story.I felt so excited when I got this game for my birthday but when I installed it all it did was crash almost a few minutes after starting and it wrecked my hard drive. Needless to say is that this is nothing but a computer wrecking hunk of garbage.I personally am going to the computer store and am buying a replacement copie of the Second civilization. This one on the other hand will be sitting on the shelf and collecting dust or heading to the garbage can.Maybe if my computer is fixed and upgraded this game will be playable and given a higher rating but from where things stand right now this is one of the biggest dissapointments ever.For those who are rushing out to buy this: Stick with your older versions because all this one will do is eat up hard drive space and ruin your hard drive.
&quot;Jedi Outcast&quot; is the third installment in the outstanding &quot;Dark Forces&quot; series.  Sadly, it is also the first misfire.  &quot;Dark Forces&quot; and &quot;Dark Forces 2: Jedi Knight&quot; were superb games both in terms of graphics, gameplay, and story arc.  Admittedly, the graphics are good for &quot;Jedi Outcast&quot;, but it fails miserably with gameplay.  The keyboard plays a singularly important role in any PC-based video game.  With that being fact, it's imperative that actions that keyboards performs be smooth and fluid.  It was with the two previous installments in this series, but the control is nothing short of totally aggravating.  The movement is 'herky-jerky', almost like it regressed to earlier technology.  Aiming the weapons at the targets is nearly impossible because the targets move too fast to acquire with the current setup.  Also, trying to pan the player's view up and down and from left to right is very shaky.  The gameplay is so awful that I have been forced to stop playing the game because I do not have the patience to deal with it.  I suspect the game, itself, may actually get quite good.  Unfortunately, I cannot give a rating based on how good I think the game could be if only the gameplay were better.  The fact that the game is too aggravating to continue to play dooms &quot;Jedi Outcast&quot; to the lowest score possible.  Perhaps the versions ported for actual gaming systems perform much better.  If they do, I will review this game much more favorably for that platform.
Stopped working after about 6 months.How do A/V cables stop working when you plug them in and dont touch them?!? I can understand them wearing out if their being plugged in and unplugged constantly,but to just stop working? Cheap .99 cent store quality.I guess you get what you pay for.
Doesn't work for Y Pb Pr TVs like the other reviewer mentioned. My TV is new from 2009, I don't know why they wouldn't make compatible cables for recent TVs!! It shows the Playstation logo on the screen and then the picture freezes. Not recommended
Ok, since I'm an adult my view on this game is likely very biased.  While the first ten minutes of gameplay was fun, I soon beat most of the tracks (with Peach) and it just became boring.  I can imagine this could be a good game for kids: driving and shooting and throwing bananas...  And there are 20 tracks to choose from (16 of which are available right away).  Unfortunately there appear to be a few bugs with the software that can frustrate the player.  In the end, I regretted paying (...) for a game that I won't touch again.
well, i loved RE2 and RE3 and i assumed this one would be just as good.  Boy was i wrong.  This is one of the worst games i have ever played.  The graphics are improved, but the plot is just absolute excrement and the characters bite.  the weapons are awful too and the controls seem much more difficult to manipulate. don't waste your time or your money
Being new to the genre, I, for 5 years now, have been hearing that Resident evil is the most goriest and scariest game on the market. So I rented this one for PS2. This has to be the most overrated garbage I've ever played. The battles are so boring, I could crawl on my hands and knees and go faster than these zombies. The dogs? They're awful. To think that dogs are demons are stupid enough. This makes a fishing game look like Final Fantasy! And the voiceovers, ugh! Especially that boy. "You'd only slow me down! Huaa!" What a ... nerd. Don't play it.
This game totally sucks majorly me and my dad were trying to play this game we got on the first level and then couldn't even get off the first level with reading the instruction manual too and cheats off of cheats codesguides .com worst game ever the first level your stuck in cell in complete darkness and keep walking around and then get no where.  Don't waste your money on this there are plenty of other PS1 and PS2 games that you can waste your money on.  Oh and you can play PS1 games on the PS2 for those of you who don't know that.
Capcom doesn't seem to realize that people play video games for entertainment, not torture. The first boss battle is so hard I just took out the disk and threw it into the trash bin. This is not my idea of fun! Don't waste your money on this crap. All you do is run around looking for things to help you move on. You get pathetic weapons with very limited ammo, then you fight enemies that are very hard to kill (you unload almost your entire clip just to kill one lousy zombie). RE3 is alot better than this one - at least Jill knows how to dodge. If you still wanna try this game, don't pay more than 5 bucks!
This is by far the stupidest game ever made. And its a shame because I love the resident evil series but this game is an embarassment you should rent before you buy it. Or save precious time and not play it at all
I never saw a horror-survival game before, and the idea of a spooky game intrigued me.  So, I rented Silent Hill 2.  I figured I would be scared out of my mind, battling monsters that pop up out of nowhere, hearing strange spooky sounds, basically playing the game on the edge of my seat.  How wrong I was.First off, this is a sorry attempt at a game.  People say this is a puzzle game.  In it's loosest definition - yes it is.  The same way old games like King's Quest were puzzle games.  Basically, all you do is walk.  That's it.  You walk.  Really nothing else.  You walk and hope you find something.  Then you walk some more and hope that the thing you found works on something else.  That's it.  There's no complex or intriguing puzzle, it's just search around until you grab something.That was cool, in the 1980s, when game makers needed to make 50 hour games while only developing a few background scenes and characters.  This is the 2000s, and there is no excuse for it now.So, all you do is walk and fight or dodge an occasional monster.  That wouldn't be so bad - if they didn't make walking the most mind numbing experience in the world!  To move from one end of the street to the other takes forever.  The controls are sticky and clumsy, and the guy is really, really slow.  Since there's fog or darkness, you constantly have to check the map to see if heading in the next direction.How about the environment?  Not once was I scared or awed.  The graphics are below par for a Playstation 2 game.  The fog is cool for a second, but annoys you afterwards.  The monsters are a joke.  They're little bodies that couldn't frighten a 8 year old girl loaded with caffeine.Also, the "puzzles" are just plain ridiculous.  For example, here's what you have to do when you enter the town.  You're just in the town with no explicit instructions.  So you wander, then wander some more, then you finally find a key.  Big whoop, a key.  Then you wander some more to find where the key goes to.  So, after playing for an hour, you've opened a gate.  In Grand Theft Auto 3, you would have already killed a few people, and completed some fun missions.  In ICO, you would have explored a large castle, rescued a girl, and escaped dreadful spirits.  This game - you only opened a damn gate.  Once you're in the apartment building, you wander around rooms and hallways that look the same.  Finally, after another hour, what do you get?  A cool new weapon?  A great story cut-scene?  No - you get a flashlight.  What does the flash light do?  Reveal new secrets?  Find new terrifying monsters?  No - you can now read the map of the apartment building.  Two and a half of hours of game play, and I've done is enter an apartment building and looked at the map.  Bored already?What's worse is when you need to something to continue the story, but they won't tell you what.  This means you could be conceivably stuck at one point for hours because of you didn't do something subtle in a room that is far at the other side of the apartment building.  Remember, moving to one side of the apartment building to the other is a major chore in itself.  After being stuck for a few hours because I didn't go outside and look in the dumpster and pick up a coin, I knew this game had no hope.  I continued on until I reached another apartment building that looked exactly the same.  I promptly shut off my PS2 and returned the game to [the store].Finally, in order to save, you actually have to actively search out the save game places.  This was the final straw.I kind of wanted to see the ending, but then I figured what it was.  Here's a spoiler for you.  The monsters that roam the town?  They're not trying to kill you.  Their the dead corpses of the players who were bored to death, warning you to return this game immediatately!You want a good puzzle game?  Get ICO instead.  This game just plain [smells].  It stretches a small environment into a major chore in order to squeze some playabilty out of you.
This is goin to be fun.  Half-Life is without a doubt the worst video game I have every played in my lifetime and that's saying something.  I beat the first four levels in the game and then I honestly couldn't take it anymore.  The story is ...not well planned, the monsters are dumb and kill you easily, the characters and graphics are bad, really bad, and finally, the whole set up is just plain [bad].  The multiplayer is no better with rooms the size of a small box and the weapons [are not good] too.  I mean, the crowbar is the best thing to use.  When a gun isn't good enough to kill people in a first person shooter, you know you've got problems.  Please save yourself and don't buy this game.  I'm so glad I borrowed it from my friend instead of buying it.  Heed my words fellow video gamers, Half-Life is terrible
This is the worst game ever for a PS2. Why? Lets see: No 1st Person view, guns stink, fighting stinks, plot stinks, conversations stink, movies are too long, graphics paritally stink...to sum it up in two words: THIS GAME STINKS!
What's the big deal with this game? It's not fun at all. It's way too fast. I mean, Sonic Adventure 2: Battle was fast, but not like this. In this game, you can't even see where you're going. And there's no explanation for anything. I was expecting a cool action/platformer with a few story segments. Instead, I was dropped straight into the first level with no explanation, and there was no break-up between levels, boss battles, and worlds. I was just so confused. It moved so fast that my eyes hurt, and I didn't understand it. It was a big fat waste of money.
This game is the most addicting game known to man.  World of Warcraft has addicting reviews, but this game really took ahold of my life.  I think I started playing since I was like 17 and stopped finally when I was about 23.  I spent 10 hours a day playing this stupid game at least and some nights I spent all night without sleep playing it.  It is a very fun game and I always wanted to get the next good weapon from a Diablo drop or something but I finally gave it up.  A very fun game if you know what your limits are.
Played it once, then never played it again. I remember these games being so much better. lol i guess alot of years have passed.
My little brother is a Crash fan. Personally i hate Crash games, they are all the same. When the Wrath of Cortex came out, my little brother bought it. I played it with my brother and boy was i bored. It is the same thing, even the same graphics and it takes like 2 minutes to load! Don't buy it!
Summary:This game is horribly unbalanced against the player.  And this makes playing it absolutely frustrating.  With poor story progression, there isn't much to make one want to put oneself through such a horrible experience.  BUT, it just might be worth your while if you like the visuals and gameplay style.  I'll admit I really enjoyed these aspects.  If only they were accented by the rest of the game...Reasons I like this game:1. Good graphics.2. Enjoyed the Resident Evil meets Shinobi style.Reasons I hate this game:1. Camera:  Generally fixed camera.  Always centered on player.  This is great.... except when you're in a corner, which you usually are.  Then the camera is facing the corner and not outwards, where you'll obviously be facing to attack oncoming enemies.  This camera may work for games like Resident Evil where you have plentiful healing items and where the enemies don't move freakishly fast, but both of these are major issues in this game.  I'll elaborate in reason 3.2. Difficulty:  I'm not your average gamer - I'm always adept at any game I play.  And I've spent probably as much time I've been progressing in this game retrying levels (7 hours-ish).  This is due in part because of the horrible retry system, which takes you all the way back to the beginning of the stage if you lose.  If you have a yellow orb, you can retry from the last door, BUT you lose all your equipment you used on your last try... why even call it a "retry" then?  If you failed with the equipment, you'll fail without it.  Other than this, the enemies movements are just too erratic and fast.  No matter how much I get these enemies' strategies down, their attacks are still insanely difficult to dodge.  And the enemy strength doesn't help - a regular enemy can take off half of your health bar with a single attack.  Major problems for this: you are only allowed ONE potion item.  And health drops are VERY sparse and VERY weak.  This makes bosses particularly difficult.3. Upgrades:  This game has a very nice upgrading system that allows the player to pick and choose what is desired.  The problem is that most of the upgrades to weapons aren't very useful, yet they're outrageously costly.  It will take you days if you want to grind the cost to gain all of the upgrades/items you want.  And enemies are sparse for grinding.4. Controls:  There is a button to switch melee weapons, but no button to switch guns.  Even worse, when you do switch melee weapons, an animation will be performed making you vulnerable to attacks.  So you're forced to do it the old-fashioned way by opening the start menu and taking half a minute re-equipping your desired gear.  This makes battles very slow where you need to switch weapons because of enemy elemental properties.  Not to mention it just becomes tiresome after the 30th time.5. Story:  Started strong, ended horrible.  It's like the whole Inuyasha series smashed into 7 hours.  Imagine all the filler...  Well, the story is interesting at the beginning, though not much is explained.  But after that, it seems like they just pieced together backstories to all the stages.  Example, there's a tiny story (of about 3 lines of text long) about some item you need to get.  Game done.  But seriously... these kind of stories are what you're treated to most in this game.  Very sparsely is the gameplay ever tied to the main character's story.6. Music:  Repetative and generic.  Same battle music is repeated over and over throughout the entire game.  This music is VERY basic and VERY stereotypical action rock music.7. Platforming:  This game is by far the worst platformer I've ever played.  Half of the time you can't see where you're jumping because of the camera as stated before.  The other half when you can see is still riddled with problems.  You can't always grip onto platforms or the character just fails to, which is immediately annoying.  But even worse it is so difficult to land exactly on top of some platforms.  Platforming is not intuitive in this game AT ALL.  Some jumps are performed automatically when you jump from certain ledges that require a longer jump, and some jumps you have complete control over.  Which jump is the one you'll be doing?  Who knows!!  There is no way of telling.  Most jumps have some sort of automatic contol, where you are in partial control and are partly guided.  This is so necessary, because of the lame platforming in this game, BUT this is also very problematic.  Since you are only in partial control, your character makes unordinary jumps.  This is very tricky for two reasons: (1) the partial automatic control sucks, you will miss your jump often, and (2) its hard to determine which jumps you can make because you don't know exactly how the jump will react.8. Fanbase:  I bought this game because of the heavy embrace by a very large audience.  This leaves one to wonder.... why?  It leaves me to worry about my human kin, and their interest in this outright annoying game.
this game starts out ok, then later becomes plain stupid. no plot at all, you don't know why you need to do this, why you have to go there, where should you go next. sure the action is fun until you face the annoying cat-like shadow creatures. i was literally wishing death to whoever designed these enemy while i was battling them. there are also secret missions which are nearly impossible to do. did they even test this game before they released it? don't buy this crap, get onimusha 2 or 3 instead.
One of my biggest dissapointments ever. Now I have never played the playstation version, so I can not compare the two, but this game was horrible.You start out in a small town, its being attacked by some evil family. So some chick turns you all to stone so you will not die, then she attacks this guy. All of a sudden your back in the huge building, and some guy says go on a quest. So you leave for no reason and have no info as to who you are, except you are part of the dragon clan. You go to the first town and you kill some dude in a castle. Now the king tells you "You are awesome!", and tells you to go to some town and find the quake control to stop the earthquakes. Not only was this task stupid, I do not even know why I did it, because I got no reward. Also, couldn't the king have sent his men to clear out the castle? So you go to the town at night and sneak in past the guards. Keep in mind you have not said one thing at all during the game. You kill a knight and turn off the quake control. Now you go back to the king and he says "You rock again! I am too lazy to give you anything so your a hero, now leave!". Then you go to some town and you learn the king is ill. So you play as Nina to go to some other place and get a remedy from a wizard. How did they know the wizard had a remedy? Then you get sent to help Nina kill him. Back at the castle, the king gets up and Nina says "I am going with Ryu because I need to stop evil in the world". So then you leave. Notice you have done 3 quests and got nothing but Nina.Not only do you have no info about who you are, you are given weird tasks that give you nothing in the end. I am still not sure anyone knows my name. This game is overrated. Also, there are too many random battles. You cannot walk 10 steps withouht having to fight some weak monster. Now if you want an RPG on the game boy advance, get Golden Sun. If you want an RPG that serves no purpose and seems like people made up as they created it, get Breath of Fire.
This game is just like Crazy Taxi except done in the most horrific way possible...1 out of 5 stars!  This game had like no good gameplay except pick up people and drop em off and a very short story mode...Which is also crap...Nothing really to do except listening to annoying bad music which isn't even good and really really bad gameplay....Hit and Run is waaaaaaaaaaaaay better then this malarchy....1 out 5 HORRIBLE GAME!Lates..
This game stinks. The graphics aren't that great and the control is terrible, making it hard to play. Activision should make a new game, instead of concentrating on Tony Hawk this, Tony Hawk that. Tony Hawk 1 and 2 are more enjoyable.
Let's see what makes this a BAD game, shall we?1. &quot;Commentary&quot;A commentary is when two guys are sitting at a table near the ring, and talk about some stuff OTHER than the current match.  Tazz and Cole's so-called &quot;commentary&quot; is laughable and repeats the same phases.  Tazz and Cole are emotionless and sound like computers that need to find an acting coach.  They sound like this: There will be no interferring in the....single match.2. What the hell are they chewing on?!EVERY character in this game looks like they're chewing tobacco or something.3.  Auto-Lock, Please!I've played WWF No Mercy for the N64, and it had a clever little system.  Everytime you get it, your character would turn towards the character that hit you.  WWF Smackdown! doesn't have an auto-lock on.4. Create a CharacterOkay, this is one of the stupidest systems for creating a wrestler.  You don't get to pick any of the moves, just looks and clothing.5.  NO EASY SETTING!!WWF Smachdown! is HARD and doesn't appear to have a &quot;easy&quot; setting.  The computer is relentless and doesn't leave you alone to recover from the last attack.6. LOOKSSome characters don't look like the wrestlers in the real WWF.  For example, Stone Cold. 'nuff said.7. Nobody Talks!The only two who talk are the computerized voices of Tazz and Cole.All in all, this is the worst wrestling game ever made.
If you want a somewhat good wrestling game, consider ditching your junky PS2 and get a real game game console - XBOX! and get yourself WWF RAW, where there is at least some resemblence between the game models and the real wrestlers.
This game is stupid theres no point or story to the game all you do is go around shooting alians and watching them blow up. Kids say the game rules when they havn't even played it. One question why is the game rated M and got best game of 2003 if it's so babyish? If you like this game your a big stupid idoit who likes chickens! THIS GAME SUCKS PLAY SONIC INSTED!
This ame is terrible just terrible..it's just an average shooting game but only it has the WORST controls [it takes a joystick and a button to climb a ladder]..and the graphics are bad...it's just plain bad
What is the big deal about Halo. It is one of the worst and stupidest games I have ever played. I think people like it because all you do is kill aliens that are extreamly stupid. In one mission you can kill like 100 alien things and you die 4 times. The aliens even speak english. How would a thing billions of miles away from earth know how to speak english. I think that is just stupid. Theres only like 10 weapons and 4 things you can ride in in the game.  In the game the warthog and earth cars can never break or explode but the alien stuff can. Another stupid thing is the missions are way too long. It takes abouut 1 hour to finish a mission. And once you die you come back to life. So anyone can beat the game. Some aleins have invisible shields on them and you have to waste a lot of ammo on them. All you can carry is two guns and grenades. And since theres only like 10 weapons you allways pick up the same gun. Theres only about 8 differnent kinds of aliens and they are all stupid. Hunters are big alien things that are almost impossible to kill, little stupid aliens that speak english and run away from you, little aliens with shields, big aliens that have invisible shields around them and they chase you, Floods that when you kill them little ball thing with no guns come out and jump and pop on you, theres more but they are mainly the same as the ones I just wrote but they are different colors or are bigger or smaller. If you like combat games dont buy this because all you do is kill dumb aleins. It is not hard at all. Dont buy it.
This isn't a game...it's an evil entity from you-know-where....it's come to take over the human race...and it's succeeding...it almost got me. I rented it, then realized within minutes that I was playing a clump of manure, not a "superb and divine game experience". I truly believed that RPGs saved me...if you find your psyche being taken over by this evil, feverish disease known as "Halo", quickly play FFVII or Chrono Cross. It's the only cure. And now, the evil entity has devised a way to clone itself. That's right, Halo 2 is upon us, and the foolish public still hasn't wised up. Run while you still can, dear reader. You may think you're too clever to be tricked by evil, but this is such a twisted machination that it even made Game Informer its mindless puppet. If you must have an FPS, buy Metroid Prime...Nintendo is the only savior from the demon-spawn that is Halo.
This game just plainly sucks. Whoever plays this game needs to find something else to do even if its to go down to the local park and pick up trash, thats how bad this game is. This game's realism is as low as anyone who plays it. The game itself lacks in every aspect of orginal concept. Everything from the weapons to stages, even the monsters are rub-offs from other shooters and cheap sci-fi flicks. This game has no realism again the concept is terrible and nothing is original. I am glad this game is only on x-box so the other systems wouldn't have to bare its embarassment. Whoever plays this game should second guess their actions and remember what their looking at. A cheaply put together game with annoying sci-fi gadgets and the most annoying looking costumes ever. If I were you I would settle with Doom 1 or even Wolfenstien. Don't bother buying this game if you do you'll be disappointed and embarassed. Make sure your friends don't see it ;)
This game is not realistic racing you can barely turn if you are going over 10 miles per Hour around a curve which happens alot. And then you CAN'T EVEN CRASH you just bounce off the other car like it's a rubber ball. PLEASE Do not even rent this game unless you just love almost every racing game thats been made!!
When I saw trailers for this game, something looked really fishy, and when I finally bought the game and played it myself, I found the problem. This game seems to have some serrious bugs having to do with the steering. Not only this, but the game is down right impossible, and you have to earn every conflabbed car! Also, when you earn &quot;kudos&quot; the game takes a while to process the information, and, finally, when your are done sliding or whatever, you start again, and if you hit a wall after that, a matter of seconds after you are DONE sliding, you will lose all of your earned kudos from that, and all of that hard work vanishes into dust. Also, back to the steering, the game seems to slip and slide very easily, even if you just tap the stick at 90 mph... the biggest complaint though is that this game was supposed to take ADVANTAGE of the system, with great graphics, this game is laggy, slow, and has terrible gameplay. Don't make the mistake that I did with this game. This is a horrible game on the xbox, and it makes me feel one more ounce of anger that the xbox couldn't shape up the games that came out on release. There have been many games so far on the xbox that have been eye candy. DON'T BUY THIS GAME! YOU WILL REGRET IT LATER!
this game really [stinks]! who thought this game would rock? i hated it! i got my hopes up because it recieved so much hype. i talked to others that have played this game and they all said that they were turned of by it.overall, i think this game is boring. i actually liked the demo better that the actual game itself. i thought the worst thing about it is that you need soooo many power-ups to progress though the game (very time consuming).and one player mode is boring, maybe if there were at least a two player mode than it would be a lot better.words of advice! DON'T BUY IT!, EVEN IF IT IS ON SALE!, IF YOU ARE REALLY TEMPTED RENT IT!!!and the only reason i rated it a one is because the graphics are pretty cool!
The Xbox' controller is a horrible controller.  There are many reasons why it is this bad.  The #1 reason why this is bad is because it is so dang chunky.  For those with little hands this controller is absolutely out of the question.  You need a map to find all the buttons(obviously just kidding).  The controller is the source of your gameplaying skills and being chunky, well beng chunky aint good.  Another reason of the teribbelness9is that a word?0 is the shape and placement of the buttons.  i mean comeon oval?  The buttons are also stuck on the tippy top of the controller which(again) means that this will be tough for the little handed ones.  This is the pain lovers best friend because you're going to be experiencing just that.  This pad is also well extrmely ugly.  [$$$] for this mess...Come on?Sure the Xbox has some good games but come on we don't need pain just to play a game.  We have enough pain in real life.  Atleast Microsoft of japan has a smaller controller...
this controller [stinks] big time. the buttons are small and poorly located, after 15 minutes your hands get sweaty and sore.
OK, you can watch DVD's on the XBox. But, did we tell you that you had to buy another gadget to unlock that feature? NO!!! You can slap in a CD, and a nice little onscreen menu pops up that you can use the game controller to use. But, you have to go buy something else if you want to watch a DVD....  Also, it won't scan into a song.  I have a CD with some VERY long songs.  I want to get to the middle of the song, and not hear the whole thing, but I can't.  Also needs an off button very badly.
This game is gorgeous, and the perspective is unique and fantastic.  Unfortunately, some controls do not translate as well from computer mouse (or gamepad) to PS2 as they could.I had such high hopes for this game, but I am just not able to use both analog joysticks, the L1/2 and R1/2 buttons, and the button pad at the same time.  Call me uncoordinated (despite the fact that I have been playing video games since before there were home video game systems!), but I don't want to give myself carpal tunnel syndrome from playing a game!I would also like to state that &quot;bullet-time&quot; was a neat style of visual effect in the Matrix.  It is not something I want to see in shooting games in the future, as it just adds a level of implausibility to an otherwise realistic game.
The biggest problem with this game: it can create problems with your Xbox!  Apparently, it saves progress in such a way that it can start to crash frequently.  I've read some online stories of people who have had to have their Xbox repaired after using this, so be careful.The other downside is that it is just plain boring.  You can walk and walk and walk with little action.In it's defense, it is the only game I've seen with such a big and open-ended world.  There is simply a huge amount of terrain you can wander around, with a huge amount of freedom to do whatever you want (kill monsters, steal stuff, find food, buy things...)
FIrst off, the game itself is great, but not good enough to warrant purchasing the Xbox version, after hours of play the game will crash continually until the point you can't move through certain citys without it locking up and you havent to wait through extremely long load times to get back.  Do yourslef a favor and pick up the pc version instead.This is not issue just experienced by me, apparantly the xbox runs out of memory and when loading a new area the game locks up taking forever, however if you don't beat everything and constantly make new characters you shouldn't run into problems.Play at your own risk.
As a long time fan of the Super Mario series, I have seldom, if ever, been disappointed by any games in the entire series, from Donkey Kong (and I do mean the original arcade game that started it all) all the way to Super Mario 64. Given Nintendo's track record with this series and the absolute high quality of games for its new GameCube platform, I had every reason to think that "Luigi's Mansion", even if it was not up to the level of its predecessors, would be a quality entry in the series. I have to say that I was sorely disappointed.I have a certain level of tolerance for games, even ones that are frustratingly slow and plodding, but I ran out of patience with this game. I could barely even get into playing it. From the very beginning, this game gets annoying. When Luigi first enters the mansion, he encounters this stupid little professor who is supposedly there to give Luigi the background of what is happening in the mansion and teach him to use this vacuum cleaner to capture the ghosts that haunt the mansion. Yet, the idiotic professor rambles for about 10 minutes worth of dialogue and THERE IS NO WAY TO BYPASS IT!! After each brief piece of dialogue, you have to hit a button to make it continue, too. So you just can't do something else while he rambles. But, I digress. You would think that once you get past that annoyance, you could just get right into the game. WRONG! Learning to use the vacuum cleaner is incredibly aggravating. The game doesn't give you any chance to develop a feel or flow for how to use it because every time you do anything with it THAT STUPID PROFESSOR STARTS YAPPING AGAIN!!! This, alone, caused me to put the game aside for about 8 months before trying it again. Once I finally exerted enough patience to get past this madness, I figured I would finally be able get into the game. Once again, I was wrong. I find that almost every door is locked and any method of getting through those doors is hidden somewhere on the board. I had the strategy guide and could very well have looked up how to open these locked doors, but at this point, I was just too frustrated to care anymore. I put the game down for the last time...
At first i was looking forward for this game ' but when i got it i was disapointed heres whyProsSound 0/10 terrible music sound terrible voice acting (e gadd's voice)Gameplay 0/10 the levels are very hard and confusingControls 0/10 they are difficult to use when you are trying to suck up the ghost in that vaccumBut if youre a fan of challange then this is the game for you ; but if you cant stand the frausration then you know what i meant by my review
ALL MY FRIENDS TOLD ME THIS GAME IS A LOT OF FUN SO I PUT IT ON MY CHRISTMAS LIST.WHEN I PLAYED IT I THOUGHT IT STUNK!IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.NOTE TO NINTENDO:NEVER EVER GIVE LUIGI HIS OWN GAME AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game, although somewhat fun with 4 people has a terrible single player mode and fight physics that rival that of my grandmother. Hardcore fighting fans must steer clear from this abomination of a game. Inevitably once you get 4 friends over to play the game does become fun, but then surely gets repetitive. As you play for a week you master it without any real skill involved and in the end your just said you spent 50 bucks on a mediocre party game.Don't buy unless your have a 6 year old kid who has 3 friends following him around.
Graphics are terrible. this game is boring and the game play is so bad it's not worth playing. do not play this! also Allen Poe is a sick man! this game is not scary at all! RE4 however. scared me. it was amazing gameplay this game however isn't I would not play this again. skip it!
First of all this game is way too hard(on the 3rd leverl for godssakes) and you dont care whether the character lives or dies.I like games that are challenging like Zelda and Metroid but to have something be really difficult on the 3rd level is just ridiculous.Youre much better off with Resident Evil if you want a good game that is rated M.Im so glad I rented this thing instead of bought it.I already want to return it its so horrible.
I see many other reviews raving about the graphics.  They're right.  Stunning.  But to use an analogy - A beautiful woman with a poor personality, makes for a lousy date.  This Star Wars games is very beautiful, but poor personality.  FLAW: This game is just too hard.  Remember the Star Wars scene where Luke loops rope around Walkers?  It's in the game, but insanely difficult.  It took me about 30 attempts.  Not fun.Then I went against some shield & planet base. 10 minutes of boredom cruising through asteroids, followed by 1 minute of insane punishment by killer guns.  Dead.  Repeat 10 more minutes of asteroid boredom. Repeat.  Repeat.  Repeat.  Argh.  Then I had to kill a Star Destroyer!  One tiny fighter against a Destroyer?!?!?  Nuts.  6 hours later & about 100 attempts, I just barely beat it with about 1% life left.  It was frustrating, NOT fun.  Now I'm on some planet where I get killed off in about 3 minutes.  I've repeated this level another 50 times already, and I made some progress, but I'm not enjoying the time wasted.  Isn't that what gaming's about?  FUN?  Well, this ain't.I'm dumping this game.  Frankly, I'd rather go replay Colony Wars or Starfox or Elite.  They may not look as pretty, but they make for better dates.  All were challenging w/o making you feel like a hampster stuck in an infinite rolling wheel.  And they were FUN.
I own an Xbox but decided to get a Gamecube just to play some of the Mario titles and some other exclusive titles to Gamecube. All the games which I bought are all fantastic, and provide endless fun. However, the system itself leaves ALOT to be desired. I always thought of the Gamecube as the worst of the current three consoles, but actually owning one made me realise its one of the worst consoles ever. The Xbox Controller S is one of the best controllers ever, and the PS2 controller isn't so bad...but the Gamecube controller is horrific. Never have I seen or held such a terrible controller. It feels totally wrong and looks even worse. The original controller's cord is also terribly short. The startup screen for the system and the menu screen are also disgusting, especially when you compare them to a system like the Xbox. The system can't play DVDs or audio cds, unlike the other two competitors. Every extra capability must be purchased as an addon. There are only two memory card slots compared to Xbox's two slots PER controller. Even the power cord sucks, with its large adapter. There are a few positive points however, such as the very compact size of the system, the nice, small size of the Gamecube discs and standard 4 controller ports. However, these small extras don't make up for the absolute nonsense the actual system is. The exclusive games, however, are fantastic and make the system worth it. After all, games are why you buy a gaming system. This review was only an assessment of the actual hardware.
Why can nintendo just grow up and realize that normal people today only play games like GTA and Halo and not their gay kiddy games. Nintendo needs to realize that their gaycube was a flop and become like PS2 and Xbox. Games like mario and donkey kong are only for whipped kids of hypocritical evanangicals.Gta and company are for hip and open mined people
I'm still VERY upset!I bought this console because I got tired of playing my gamecube games on my Wii system so I figured I'd be better off using it's original console. Just as I was looking for a replacement console I found a &#34;Like-New&#34; Condition for only $33.00 I thought it was too good to be true. So I went with it.And as soon as it came to me I started trying to play it right away and guess what? This cheesy junk hardware couldn't read discs! I was so mad that I demanded a refund and I shipped it back ASAP and what's worse? Damn seller wouldn't refund my money! So if you're reading this, DO NOT BUY from &#34;Tyler Teal!&#34;
To see how ripped off Nintendo is, let's do a simple conversion math.The goal is to find a 59 Blocks card has how many Mega Byte or Kilo Byte?Let us do some calculation8 Bit = 1 Byte1 Mega Bit or Byte = 1024 Kilo Bit or ByteMemory Card 59 Blocks = 4 Mbit = 4096 Kbit = 512 KByte512 KByte / 59 blocks = 8.678 KByteHow much is nintendo charging?  $9.00How large is Playstation 2 card?8 Mega Byte = 64 Mbit = 59 blocks *64/4 = 944 BlocksHow much are we paying for 512 MByte SD, Compact Flash, or Memory Stick?Around $8.00 or even Free.And who wants 512MB cards these days?Not a lot of people.Lets use the $8.00 = 512MB = 60416 Blocks as of today's standard. That means 59 blocks should be only $1.32415e-4 = $0.0001324Wow so Nintendo is actually making 755101% profit by charging at $1.00.
I sure expected a lot more from this game than what it offers. The game itself is ok but the graphics are terrible. This game was obviously not built from the ground up to take advantage of the Xbox. Rather, Lucas just took an existing graphics engine and packaged it as a new game. I'm suprised that Microsoft allowed this game to be one of the early Xbox titles. With so many other games that have good gameplay and fantastic graphics, I just don't understand why this one was released except as a fill in until other Star Wars games come out. With the power of the Xbox this game could have been fantastic if it was built to be a top notch game like Halo. Instead we are left with a ok game and 1995 type graphics for the same money that a game such as Halo costs.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have some terrible news. Morrowind, the third chapter in the Elder Scrolls saga, has proven to be one of the biggest PC let-downs in history. The game is a definitive example of what happens when endless opportunities meet horrible gameplay. By endless opportunities I mean that our good friends at Bethesda Softworks spent countless hours developing an amazingly beautiful and immersive 3d world...one in which you can go anywhere and do almost anything.-Open ended, epic world and events. - Though I did also say horrible gameplay...and Morrowind suffers immeasurably from just that. The fighting system is agonizingly weak. Unless you have a great weapon and awesome abilities with that weapon, you're going to spend a great deal of time getting [beat] by some of the games lowliest creatures.  Also - There are so many spells and enchantments to use that it gets overwhelming trying to remember what does what and how to use it. Not only are the spells too many, but the interface with which to use them is cumbersome and annoying as well. You get stuck in these skirmishes, and you're struggling to attack and switch spells at the same time while your enemy(impossible to outrun) beats you down with little effort. _ Like I said, the world is very beautiful and the characters are amazingly detailed, but all this is lost as the game tries to run before it can walk.  I'm sure geeks with nothing to do with their lives will have a fun time modding this one to death and spending every hour playing it until their character can stand up to the game's foes.  But for the rest of us, crap on that. - - In short, Morrowind's designers tried to stuff 5 pounds worth of greatness into an 11 ounce box.** Too much at once for any gamer who doesn't think an aggravation induced stroke should be part of epic fantasy gameplaying. - Buy at your own risk.
SILENT HILL WAS WITHOUT  QUESTION THE MOST BORING AND NON ACTION OR STORYLINE OF A GAME IVE  EVER PLAYED.FIRST OF ALL ITS ALMOST IMPOSIBLE TO GET ANYWHERE IN THE GAME WITHOUT CHEATING WITH THE BOOK I DONT BUY GAMES SO I HAVE TO CHEAT AND PLAY WITH THE BOOK SO I CAN PLAY THE STUPID GAME FINDING STUFF ON YOUR OWN IS ALL THE FUN NOT WITH SILNT HILL AND I PLAYED IT ON PS2 AND I  HATED ON THAT GAME SO I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE A LITTLE DIFFERENT ON XBOX.WELL IM SORRY TO SAY THAT IT RANKS DOWN AS LOW AS BRITNEYS DANCE BEAT.THEY NEED TO STOP THIS MESS NOW MAKING A THIRD GAME IS GONNA DO ONLY ONE THING MAKE ME WRITE ANOTHER BAD REVIEW WHITCH I HAVE NOT DONE IN ALONG TIME SORRY ITS JUST PLAIN BAD.
Aaarrrrggghhhh! This game is awful! I must admit that I was taken in by the storyline and creepy aura of this game. But, the game contol is the worst of any X-box game I've played. More than half of your game-time is spent just trying to make your character "James" go in the proper direction. There is only one thumbstick used to control both the direction he looks and the direction he moves. VERY AWKWARD!! On many occasion, such as narrow hallways etc., you find yourself pushing up on the thumbstick so that you can have a face-to-face veiw of James walking right toward you. I guess this might be OK if James was a buxom hot chick, but he's not, and this camera angle makes it impossible to see where you are going. James doesn't jump, James doesn't crouch, heck you can barely just make him walk! Konami needs to learn that no matter how good the storyline and graphics, if you can't control the character the game is worthless.p.s. Konami, can I get my $$ back?
It's been said that "if it ain't broke,don't fix it."So why then does Square soft keep "fixing" the classic elements of the FF series that so many veteran players have grown to love??Square tired to change things drastically in FF8,and it failed HORRIBLY!After playing FF9(which I rented BEFORE going straight out and buying it)I believed Square learned it's lesson with messing with a good thing,and that some times "old school" is truely the best option.FF10 completely destroyed my hope by changing everything....mostly for the worst!The mini-games are WAY too deep and confusing,the experience gaining system was completely ruined with a "new" way,and both the characters and plot were very plastic and unconvincing!Why did they make the lead hero a cocky,arrogant sports player??I actually hated the hero in the story!He kept making these "witty" remarks which were,well....anything but!This also brings me to the VERY BAD voice acting!It reminded me of a Pokemon or Dragonball Z episode....yech!!The only impressive thing about FF10 is the graphics,but I'm not throwing down [money] for mere eye candy!Besides didn't Square try to make a FF movie relying soley on graphics??Look what happened to it!I'll stick with good ol' fashioned 4,5,6 and 7.Think I'll go ahead and pass with the whole online only 11th installment of this series as well!
Game didn't work, well..it worked for about 15 mins then it freezes up at one particular part and no amount of disc cleaning fixes this.
And that's about it, folks. The end of Final Fantasy as we know it. Why does every recent Final Fantasy have to be turn-based, has to be a long haired blonde whiner, fake voice-acting, no real strategy in battle, hard bosses, and a bland story? Because Square can't make Final Fantasies anymore, folks. Whatever happened to the goodness of 6, 7, and 9?
This, for me, was the biggest waste of money. It is an animated story that has very mild interaction. For me, it is not a game. If you want to watch a cartoon for most of the time and then play for a couple of minutes and then watch a cartoon for a while and then play for a couple of minutes, etc., etc., then you will love this game, otherwise save your money. If you really are curious, rent it first. This way you don't waste forty+ dollars like I did. The animation is good, but I'm not going to review this for game play, because I do not consider it a game. Some love this game, and some hate it.....This is a rent first, buy later (if you like it).
I understand that many people love this game. I understand that people love the characters, the storyline, and the visually stunning cutscenes. There are even people who like the levelling up system, find the combat fascinating, and feel that the emotional development of the characters is well done and genuinely touching.I am not one of them.There are a lot of things wrong with Final Fantasy X. One of the first, and most noticable changes from previous Final Fantasies is the completely voiced dialogue. This lends itself to a more natural and immersive feel when done right, but FFX's dialogue is so poorly delivered, it is more cringe inducing than inspiring.As though the scriptwriters felt they had to come up with dialogue to match the lackluster acting, the storyline is one of the most blatantly obvious and hamfisted statements I've ever seen in any medium, poorly written children's books included. The main enemy is &quot;Sin.&quot; Please.In regards to the game itself, the gameplay consists almost entirely of walking towards a red dot. I understand that that statement may seem confusing, but on the &quot;map&quot; on screen, there is a red dot pointing to exactly where you need to go to progress in the story. Looking for secret items? Head exactly in the opposite direction from the red dot, and you're more than likely to find some helpful items. This is not &quot;gameplay.&quot; This is merely the illusion of interaction in between movies. Movies that will make you want to tear your ears off, the dialogue is so horrific.The combat system is rote RPG fare, with subtle alterations to the norm that don't end up making it a better or worse experience. Grandia II's combat system stomps all over it, and honestly, after Grandia II, no company, big or small, should be making &quot;turn-based&quot; RPG combat systems that are as dull as this one.The new level up and skill development system supposedly allows for character customization, but there's simply no point. Each character starts out on the grid in a position that has an optimal path, and the *only* benefit to diverging from that path is for the novelty of having your brawler actually be a weak spellcaster, and have no brawling abilities. Whee!I played about 25 hours of FFX, before finally realizing that not only would I never bother to finish this game, I found that I hated it. Hated it with a passion. The insipid storyline, the pathetically stupid main character, the horribly written relationship between the two leads, and the god-awful, ham-fisted, ridiculous writing makes this a game that I simply cannot recommend to anyone. The fact that it's as popular as it is is a strong statement about how much influence marketing and pretty graphics have on the game buying population as a whole, and it's not a statement that I could repeat here without it getting edited.I love videogames. I love RPG's. I love a quality story. I do not, however, have any love for Final Fantasy X.
In his room, the adolescent jumped off his favorite gaming chair and screamed profanity. Purposely he spat all over the TV and hurled the PS2 controller on the floor. The following crash sounded as if it were actual bone snapping. Done with his barrage of wet missiles on the helpless TV, the youngster brushed the saliva off his lips and frantically paced around."Am I dreaming?" he asked, prancing like a demented loon, arms swinging about.Accidentally slapping his face, he simultaneously answered, "no, I'm afraid not!"Returning on his chair, the TV screen displayed his progression through the "epic RPG." Twelve hours. It had taken him twelve hours from the latest RPG from Square for him to cease convincing himself that this RPG was even a worthy stab. Nope not this one, not by a long-shot! The inspiring Final Fantasy legacy is now fully disfigured and distorted. Formerly forgiving Square for the travesty what is Final Fantasy VIII, the kid's faith in the series momentarily went frozen and shattered. Final Fantasy X is a devastation, but to others a masterpiece, and to him utter wreckage."And the next one a multiplayer one? " he was disgusted.Feeling lassitude creep on him, his distress silences him. When he says Final Fantasy X is a disappointment of lifetime, it is as authentic as the air you breathe in and puff out. Enveloped by rage, he asked himself why was he in such revulsion? Indeed, his heart was racing, his temples burning, but all because of some electronic hobby? Yes, he felt as if he Square pulled a trigger, ejecting a swarm of upset upon him. His hard-earned cash replaced by a game he surmised to accomplish title of "Greatest RPG Ever Crafted." His fifty-four bucks were a definite waste, he might as well have thrown the money down from his roof and cheer for his gluttonous neighbors. Either way its fate was the same.Was the Final Fantasy series gradually reducing itself into the equilibrium of RPG damnation? Truly in a state of disgrace, the franchise has lost its traditional substance in exchange for graphical grandeur. Even though he treasured 1997's FFVII, he now speculates if it is still consummate. He decided it will remain as a fond memory, but ultimately be known as the indisputable harbinger of Square's greater goal, TO BECOME A PART OF HOLLYWOOD!Final Fantasy: the Spirits Within flopped like a bad dream. What then, Square, he thought. Recycle your cinematic visions into your latest installment of Final Fantasy? Final Fantasy X, a hybrid of little RPG significance with movie-format majority, ruins the experience to stimulate imagination of the player -- THE READER -- by deleting scripts of written dialogue and basing an epic with snappish and terse voices. He wished for broad, intriguing reads, and by the Gods, he wasn't a slothful boy. What driven him on the edge of vehemence were the maddening voice-overs. A gamer who valued his imagination, he utilized his creative mind to mentally produce the voices of past Final Fantasy casts. Final Fantasy X puts the enjoyment to total extinction. Despite the impressive apparatus of the well functioning Grid Sphere and the edge-cutting battle system of letting all characters partake in the forceful battles, the assets dig their own grave by the objectionable shortcomings.99% of his worship for RPGs derived from plot and characters. Oh, how he waited to be immersed into Square's next chapter, he struggled, but the more he threw himself into the venture, the more he apprehended that the characters were second-hand versions of previous installments. His observation of Auron summoned Vincent (FFVII) and Shadow (FFVI) in mind; Luna, an almost exact replica of Rinoa (FFVIII); Tidus was an older version of Zidane (FFIX); Kimahri and Rikku were the easiest to fathom, Kimahri is an identical version of Mareg from Grandia II and Rikku is Yuffie (FFVII). The thought of the beloved characters being disguised by a barrage of graphical distinction only proliferated his antipathy. Worse, the arch-villain Seymour, he thought, was a joke, and there is nothing funny about it. He saw Seymour as an inept villain, who solely upheld the attributes of being immoral because he is undead and lost the balance of reality. Every bit of the unoriginality, killed off any reason to gobble the quest or even bring it to an end it.Unlike the spit he easily wiped off his mouth, the kid couldn't free the fact that the story's direction suffocates an excellent battle system. What could have been worthwhile proportions is trodden by the hum-drum purposes of the characters, a lethally boring arch-villain, and the idea that the [bad]characters are reincarnations of past Final Fantasies. All of it led him to the decision that indicated how low, uncreative, and money-ravenous the former console RPG messiahs sunk.Square's motive to him was grounded on the construction of "videogames" being incorporated with theatrical premises. In turn, it costs the fundamentals of the RPG genre. Is the company now a capitalist pig intent on deceiving players by saturating commercials and zines with a multitude of striking full motion videos? When a Final Fantasy disc comes out, it isn't the gameplay that clocks in the hours, its the superfluous videos and dreadfully voiced scenes. Anything with the name of Final Fantasy (in videogames, mind you) will have Square put their Speedos on, and dive in an ocean of cash. Where will all this cash go? Maybe to -- again -- futilely make a come back in the movie industry? To reinstate their name of the laughingstock that they are in Hollywood? You can call it paranoia, you can call it absurd, but Sixto Limiac calls it theory.
Well I am a huge fan of Final Fantasies but this one was just an embarassment. The point is just like any other FF but i'll let ya know whats wrong with it. First of the main character...Tidus....I think the name speaks for itself. The kid is a moron. Apparently he is a professional "blitz ball" player whatever the hell that is. One of the poorest excuses of a sport I have ever seen. More or less underwater soccer with cheap rules and unrealistic physics. But in short the entire time I was playing the game I was embarassed just playing as Tidus. Probably the worst FF character their is in the saga of Final Fantasies.The magic and sphere grid was stupid as hell. You couldn't get your magic without waiting for a couple of years and it took forever to get around it. Remember in the other FFs when you got your magic and spells by gaining expierence or by collecting items. Well in this game Tidus and the gang thought up something new. Now you have to go through this annoying ass sphere grid which takes an hour to learn and another 100 hours to complete(Probably more).Now the concept is just like I said similar to the other FFs with a story of love involved with the saving of all human kind. Well in this story Tidus is supposed to save the world with his "girlfriend" Yuna. The other characters are complete tag-ons and them making an impact on the story did not come into play at all.Another thing wrong with this game was the boss. Now over the years in a bunch of different games I have seen werid bosses and cool bosses. Nevertheless it was nothing like I saw here. The boss "Sin" is a big blob. Not only that but hes brown (kinda makes you think). So with a queerish fellow like Tidus fighitng a Brown Blob Sin the game reached an all time low. So think about it do you want to reduce yourself to a level of absolute disgrace..If not don't play this game otherwise go for it and be embarassed out of your mind and be bored as hell. You will be disapointed. Their is an absolute gurantee that you will be disapointed after your done playing this game!!
Don't get me wrong I love Final Fantasy but FFX is poo! First you might be expecting a 4 disc set like previous versions but this one is a one disk game.  This means less space for a variety of music (The battle song gets real old real fast) and less space for graphics (All the good graphics are the same as they show you on the commercial, nothing new) after you see all the good graphics Square really skimps on the characters details.  They turn into 16 bit graphics before your half way through the game.  Final Fantasy had a good reputation with previous versions but this one is just riding the comp wave.  The next one will have to be better because this one stinks!
I loved the first Sonic Adventure game (Gamecube remake) and I only expected this one to be as good, if not better. But, boy was I wrong. It's a truly horrible game that's scattered all over the place with no non-linear progression or free roaming abilities of the original.The graphics are ugly, the camera system is the worst I have ever come across and the levels are tiresome and repetitive. Where's the dynamic gameplay of the first game? Or the cool mini-games that keep you coming back again and again? It was just ugly and garish and far inferior to Sonic Adventure. Do not buy or rent.I can only hope and pray that Sonic Heros is better because I have already bought it.
state of emergency - PS2 games get worse and worse. it is only fun for the first 15 minutes or so, then you can just throw it away or burn it on the camp fire.
I mean this game is fantastic it truly is a great game you have to try it out. State of Emergency for Playstation 2 makes one hell of a Coaster! Never again will your drinks leave marks on the furnature with this remarkable gem from Rockstar. I reccomend that anyone who is looking for a something to rest their drinks on try this game.
No, it isn't woo at all. Boo, it's boo. The game is bad. It is repetitive. I took it back after 2 days. Bad game, easy to beat, and even easier to hate.You walk around and shoot stuff. You find stuff like guns, and shoot otehr things. There are no cool characters. There are like 4 environments that are small, repetitive, and bland. You honestly can't say anything good about this game.On the kaos mode, you can shoot everything for points. All the time you will be under civilian penalty. O THATS REAL FUN! If you shoot a civilian you lose tons of points. For about 2 seconds the penalty is off, but by that time you don't wanna break you boring streak of not killing anything and only shooting controlled burst to avoid killing any civilians.Seriously, there isn't any freedom in this game like gta. There are no extras, there is nothing to do except follow some guys, and do work for them. Don't buy it.
At first, I thought this game was another Rockstar smash, but after 3 days, I beat the game there was nuthin' 2 do, n da game was wack.  I tried other modes, but they got borin' 2 fast.  This game is nowhere close to GTA3.  The game is fast, and borin'.  I ended up tradin' it to my brother for Max Payne.  Max Payne was a much bigger hit than this.  don't git this garbage, unless u r a big fan of riot games, and end up killin ever1, then rent it.  Even GTA 1 and 2 were better than this.  Sfter all the screenshots, and the good reviews, I thought this would be great, but it was a 100% rip off.  This game is probobly rockstars worst.
"State of Emergency" really puts you in a State of emergency when you spend so much on it and it turns out to be the worse game you have ever purchased. The graphics, well theyre okay. But the gameplay has no meaning. You are running around like a lunatic with no substancial goal to achieve. Overall the game serves no meaning and its a waste of money, aswell as time. If you were expecting another GTA3, this game is no where near it!!!
Not as good as the GameCube or PlayStation2 versions. I have both consoles XBOX and GameCube but I dont recommend buying this game for any console. I bought this for XBOX thinking it was the same as the GameCube and PlayStation2 versions. The vehicles dont have weapons on the XBOX version unless you earn the tank. Plus there are not as many cars on the Xbox version and all three versions have lousy graphics anyway.
This game is absolutely terrible. I tried it out at the store first then decided to buy it.  What a mistake.  This game is so dark, it's hard to see where you're going.  It's actually a really difficult game and there are very few spots in the game that allow you to save.  I don't recommend this game to anyone.
Ugh.. this game was terrible.  I will admit, the graphics we're pretty good, but that's all I will say that it positive about it.  The controls are the absolute worst.  There's so much going on at once and you're trying to figure out how to control your character.. you just get frustrated.  Atleast I did.  If you want to try it, rent it first.
Get the Xbox version, which has better graphics, Dolby 5.1 surround sound (makes a HUGE difference), and easier controls.  Even the controller vibration seems a little more engaging on the Xbox.
i saw the reviews and figured it was a can't miss game. oops. luckily i was able to unload it on e^ay. horrible in all aspects.
So I mark Warcraft III as the point where the franchise stopped being WARcraft, and became MAGEcraft, or Magiccraft, or some stupid snippy pun regarding a favor towards magic rather than war.And don't worry, this negative review isn't all just about the visceral hatred of high fantasy involving lots of magic.  The game itself has plenty of bad flaws.I used to love Warcraft. But I hate Warcraft since they made it "Blizzard presents: Magic: The Gathering".My favorite thing about Warcraft was exactly what they took out in III and World of: a sense of grittiness and uniqueness in a world of fantasy. There were no "Thyalawynd" or "Darkheart"s or "Ebonheart"s or "Gyilwind"s magic fantasy crap with gravity-defying robes and swords made of silver and no shields or any semblence of tactics or strategy or even blood.There was no "We ah the Knoights of Lothar the Guilywind, son of Gunther the Loinhearted, son of Baxter the Baxton, son of Aragorn of Aragorn, and we foight fo peeeeeace" versus "Graarrgh we are demon spawns from hell who want to crush the world and kill everything that moves".Warcraft wasn't like that at all---Warcraft had the Orcs coming into Azeroth because their own world was destroyed by civil war, and rather than accomodate, the Humans responded with war. And it blew up in their faces as the Orcs destroyed Stormwind Keep and forced the humans into Lothleroin, with the Orcs following. I don't remember what happened after that, but I think eventually the Orcs were beaten back by the Alliance of Humans and Elves.Then I completely do not remember a single thing about Warcraft III other than Taurens supporting the Orcs for absolutely no reason, and the Undead randomly appearing out of nowhere for no reason, and Night Elves appearing out of nowhere for no reason, and lots of pixie dust sprinkle winds magic and demons and wizards and keys and powerups and upgrades and magical fire pansy moves of doom for make benefit glorious magician of kingdom of Godwynn EverNeverwind P. Dark-Ebonheart.Warcraft and Warcraft II were to me, the modern Medieval-fantasy equivalent of Conan the Barbarian, in that yes, magic was there, and magic was used, but only the magicians practiced magic, and the magicians could not stand up to an army of a billion Orc Grunts and Troll Axethrowers.  Sure, then there came Ogre-Mages, Death Knights, Paladins, and the like, but even those were but a small asset in an army made to fight with steel and wood and flesh, not just magic.Instead in Warcraft III, and extending into World of Warcraft, magic becomes the centerpoint of virtually any army.  You can still use the backbone of infantry and cavalry and the like, but their effectiveness against magical heroes and magical elves and pixies is reduced by the sudden jump in population everything costs and the stupid upkeep.But while magic would become the more central point beyond Warcraft III, War3's focus instead came upon HEROES!The entire RTS aspect of this game is not fully broken, but rather fractured by not just the inclusion, but the heavy reliance upon individual heroes, who have dozens of hero-only chests to pick up for upgrades and equipment that can make them MORE powerful, and they have the ability to LEVEL UP and research MORE abilities and powers.At least half the missions in the campaign I was apart of either involved playing ONLY as heroes, or playing in such a mission that only heroes could determine the outcome of battles.Then, UPKEEP.The idea of upkeep in this game is in no way relevant to how upkeep really works in games like Total War or in real life.  Upkeep is the cost of maintaining an army.  Upkeep does not exist in traditional RTS games.In this game, upkeep means "you no longer mine as many resources" when you have too many units.  And "too many" ranges from 50-75 population points taken up.And then comes the fact that full-army battles are rendered impossible when the average Orc Grunt starts costing THREE population points, and the maximum population is no longer the Blizzard standard of 200, but somewhere near 125-175 or so.Controlling the first level of upkeep means your peasants now gather 7 of a resource rather than ten.  Medium upkeep reduces it to 5.  High upkeep reduces it to 3.  And an army under high upkeep can consist of a handful of heavy units not fit to take out a militia force twice their size.This is only balanced by the fact that it affects all player on a map.  But another problem involving this is that because the basic units take up so much population and are so ineffective, the player is basically forced into an arm's race with their opponents, to build up their base technologies, upgrade all they can, then build the most powerful units available while ignoring the 90% of other units available to train, just to meet an evenly matched opponent who has done the same thing.And then again, the RTS idea is fractured and shattered by the powerful emphasis on building superunits and superweapons as quickly as possible, and to hell with all other available units.This is not how a good RTS works.  Starcraft comes to mind: an army of 30 basic Terran Marines can slaughter an enemy army of Hydralisks or Ultralisks.  An army of 30 Battlecruisers seems unstoppable, and yet can easily be torn asunder by a few Corsairs or Valkyries, or a flood of Scourges.  Or they can be broken up from all-out attack from an Arbiter's stasis, or a Ghost's lockdown.  They can suffer huge splash damage from Psionic Storms from High Templar or Infested Kerrigan.In short, in Starcraft, every unit is effective if utilized properly.  You can win one game by playing a megalomaniac and massing dozens of super units, and win another game in the same amount of time with a ragtag militia and some special tricks of infiltration and the like.Warcraft III has none of it.  Every unit that is not a superunit or a hero is simply cannon fodder and/or base defense until that superunit or hero is available for building.And so what was once "WARcraft" and I so deridingly called "Magecraft" could more accurately be called "Herocraft", because heroes are so ridiculously overpowered that they become the center point of every game, EVEN the skirmishes, as you cannot start unless you pick a hero for your side.  AND you can get MORE THAN ONE hero on a map, one for heavy combat, one for support, and one for magic.
Opened up a new line of genre, very unique gameplay and expansive environment. But riddled with glitches and imperfections. Enough so, to make this very frustrating. Almost seems impossible at times. Fun for a few hours, but afterwards i wouldnt ever play it again. Not worth the money.
GTA3 is indeed an amazing game.  It has a large environment, decent graphics and decent gameplay.  But it's too often unnecessarily complicated.  Some of the missions are next to impossible to finish, which makes the game more frustrating than needed.  I really tried to like the game...
I know there is a lot of hype for this game. The new GTAIII Vice City is supposed to be another hit with newer cars and things of that nature. But Aside from all the killing and blowing up stuff, is there really anything else that captures the immagination in this game? I've seen friends play this over and over again saying how great it is. So I get it and play it. After 20 min of missions of killing things and blowing stuff up with practically no sense of purpose and any form of variety in the missions, I had to uninstall this game. Its horrible!!!  If you love games where its mindless killing (filled with great codes I should add), then go for it. But If you need a plot with an actual challenge that stimulates the mind, then you might want to go another route.
Eidos really dropped the ball here, folks.  As usual the story is great, although there are a few notable inconsistancies that will hopefully be explained in the next game.  However, the poor controls and obvious lack of beta testing kill this game.  First, to attack you have to target an enemy.  Usually not a problem, but while targeting, you cannot jump. You can also only dodge left-right, not back or jumping.  Second, while sucking blood, you're stuck in the equivalent of a very repetitive cutscene, where you are still vulnerable to attack though can do nothing to avoid the blow.  Third, if you die, you have to watch any cutscenes between you and the last checkpoint over again, no way to skip them.As for glitches, there are hundreds if not more.  Clipping is horrible, people fall through walls.  Not a problem, unless you wanted their weapon.  Well into the game, many people, myself included, lose the ability to save, by either getting a Save Failed message or a corrupt new file, which has led to a few people having to start over.  As much as I love the story, this hardly seems worth the hassle and frustration of playing a game Eidos and Crystal Dynamics failed so horrifically on.
This game is frustrating. Each level or scene, has about 10 stunts to do. in the VERY first scene, u have to go FULL speed and do a 180. First, you have to have the right car or you will end up failing the mission. If you go a couple of mph less than the full speed of the car than you wont jump high enough and the director wont like it. Also, I found myself doing VERY close to a 180 but it didnt count cuase i missed by a couple of degrees. THE COMMERCIAL OVERRATES THIS GAME!!
Pros:Car handling is easy and responsiveCons:Lack of walk-throughs adds a needless level of difficulty to an already challenging gameThere are reload screens between each takeI would have probably rated it 2 stars but the fact that Grand Auto Theft 3 is out there I gave it a 1.  Go to Grand Auto THeft 3.  You won't regret it.
This game is terrible. Let's start it here.You're a stuntman. You get to follow orders from a director who demands you do some of the most stupidly rigorous tasks to complete stunts. Some of the stunts are cool, but the game gets hard at about the 4th level. The first movie you shoot is like a tutorial. I rented this game, and never beat it. The first level of the first real movie in which your basically like dukes of hazards is tremendously hard. You have to do things in split seconds, and the game is so hard that it is frustrating. The game has no good points that I can think of. On one of the first missions I didn't barrel roll and I still won it. Another time I was suppose to hit a  board and spin sideways near a garbage can, I barely did it and I won.But once you get to the dukes of hazards type movie, no. It's ridiculously stupid. There are cooling towers in random places falling on your car. Then you have to jump through a train at the start which is kinda luck. Anyways, the game could of gotten things right. For one, the game is fun when your not all stuntman. Right after you jump over a house, you get to cruise for like 30 seconds, which is fun considering the environment looks good. The game though doesn't lay out maps for you and doesn't give you any help. The director almost wants to make this thing as hard as possible because he never edits the movies(like normal directors and stunt coordinators do) and he never attempts to tell you where to go beforehand. You will be flipping left and right going up and down with no sence of direction. One second costs you the match...The game is terrible. There are some extras. Trailers or some crap. The map editor is terrible. You can put about 5 items in and that is it. I never figured out mechanical cars(I just decided to use cheats to unlock the editor stuff) and I never found out if there were any extra maps to unlock in the campaign. But this game offers nothing except frustration and crap. Honestly, I would like to see the creators beat their own game. If they could do that it would be great, beacause not many people can.
Yeah, we've all seen the commerical, "while all those pretty little actors are sitting in their trailers, being pampered, and fond over, the stuntmen are out having all the frickin' fun". Just that line makes you want to go over to Circuit City and buy this game. STOP! DO NOT DO THAT! This game is a horrible waist. Truly an awesome video game idea, but it could've been brought to life on a totally different approach.The first level starts off with a few simple tasks. Or so they seem. You complete the first task, "hey, no problem, I've got this nailed", then, almost immediatly, the director shouts out another task you have to do usaully within 5-10 seconds. Despite how terribly hard, annoying, and frustrating it is, I just have to wonder how the makers thought this would be fun? I mean, completing task after task after task. Now, in games like Grand Theft Auto, the whole task thing's fun. You can actully get out the car and do other things, but not in this game! You are strictly stuck onto one direct path for each level, and there is no time for rest. As I said before, all it is is do this, do that, do this, you failed, do it again, time up, restart level, do this, do that, do this, do that, do this, you failed, start over...".Please, spare yourself and rent it first. My friend and I both rented it and didn't even want to play it more than once. The first time we played was for about 2 hours (2 hours I could have been sleeping), and in that whole time, we did not even pass the first level. Now, to end this review, I'll be as frank as possibly: this game [is a mediocre piece of gaming].
&quot;This isn't so bad... Is that a rabbit? I think it might be a squirrel actually... ITS EATING MY FLESH! IM DEAD! SPECTACULAR!&quot; That's basically a short summary of this game. Talk about boring. You can die to the harmless butterflys if they touch you. Honestly, this game is terrible. To beat monsters you have to take damage or use up all your kai. To beat bosses you have to do some crappy solar flare 50 million times, hit them with 6 punches max, then run and do it over again.
I should start off by saying that I am a huge fan of the first-person-shooter (FPS) genre. Unfortunately this game sorely fails to live up to any expectations. The game play is sluggish and unappealing. The graphics are sorely lacking, especially given the X-box's potential. The 3rd person flying mode is also uninteresting. Like the 1st person shooting mode, the flying mode has sluggish game control and boring graphics. Sadly, if you want a good FPS game, all you really have for X-box right now is Halo.
The main reason for this game getting such a LOW RATING is because the control configuration is REALLY MESSED UP. You have to play with one of the two ways they give you which are basicly the same. And also the levels are easy to get lost on. IF you don't already have HALO buy it instead of this garbage.
The original unreal tournament is the very definition of fun. It was interesting, and I could play the demo for hours without becoming bored. The game remained interesting with cool characters, maps, and weapons. Then they released new maps, mods(relics in particular), and assault mode. That game was a success.Unreal Tournament 2003 changes the original into a lame game. There are all new guns, and worst of all... There are uninspired new maps. The new 2-fort is a sand like level that doesn't have the same feeling. The other maps just don't have anything to be talked about. The all new guns I mentioned? Crap. They all blow except the redeemer. The new sniper rifle(lighting gun!) is retarded. The new pistol is pretty stupid. There's also a gun now which instead of doing damage, it pushes the opponent. This is rather useless in pretty much any situation. If you are on the top of a tower it is good, but that is rare.Get the original Unreal Tournament or Unreal Tournament 2004. They both rock, and this game can just be skipped.
Hardest game I ever beat hands down!!! I still have nightmares about how much I HATE this game. The second I beat it I took the game out, slammed it into it's cover (of which I had thrown across the room several times along with the pile of controllers) and traded it in. Don't know why I stuck with it till the end. Just didn't want the game to beat me I guess. To this day have not been half as angry as when I played this god forsaken game. Hate hate hate HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This Has to be the worst Max Payne Rip-off in History. Poor Graphics, Linear Story, & a Cheese-ball Character. Plus, The auto aim is annoying. There isn't anything awesome you're missing if you skip this game.
An ancient evil stirs; an impatient adventurer sets out from an insular village that has no other warriors (at least none that ever appear or help you) but is mysteriously well-equipped for training them. The story is the best part about this game after the graphics, but there's nothing here you haven't seen better before. Most of it is forgettable, but acceptable to get you from point A to point B provided the gameplay or graphics don't put you off.Story: 6/10The game went with a relatively painted sort of cell-shaded style, watching the scenes "written into being" as the game's equivalent of cinematics is mildly interesting but loses interest. Some people will automatically dislike the apparently cutesy graphics, others will be off-put by the limb-hewing and spurting blood. I didn't think they worked well together, but look up gameplay videos on Youtube to decide for yourself, this is one case where what you see is what you'll get and you may either like or dislike it.Graphics: 6/10There are some cries of anger, pain, and ambient noises that all seemed fitting. There weren't spectacular effects or voicing (more than a few of the lines are corny), but I thought that it fit the general tone and theme.Sound: 7/10The background music is rather bland, not especially annoying but a pale shadow of what video game music can be.Music: 5/10Gameplay is where this game really falls apart. Moving and trying to get the camera to cooperate was clunky and uncooperative. The combat felt rather awkward and unpolished, I had the distinct impression that it was rushed because there was a variety of "combo attacks", but none of them were really more effective than mashing the attack buttons and if you're fighting multiple opponents most moves won't be available anyway. Lack of effective smart targeting or good lock-on didn't help, and if you'd been mashing away at one enemy and they fell Rau was liable to continue hacking in that direction while three more soldiers bear down on him from other directions. I believe one word describes every stage of this game, including combat and "platforming": clunky.Gameplay: 3/10There are little rewards and minor easter eggs you can unlock by accomplishing sub-missions within areas, such as utilizing certain combos, but none of them really helped gameplay and nothing felt worth the time and hassle of going back.Replayability: 1/10For all of the "our game is unique" hoopla, I wish they would've spent some more time refining the play and areas. It looks like a cartoon, spurts blood like a survival horror, and will probably annoy you like a screaming baby. It definitely doesn't flow or captivate. Definitely rent before you buy, and if you can't try it first I would recommend seeking other games first, there's nothing here that isn't done better elsewhere.Overall: 4/10
Ok, first of all I never finished the game, but that is because it is so frustrating and boring to the point where you can't possibly finish it without having dreadful thoughts of putting a gun in your mouth. Actually, the thoughts I had of putting a gun in my mouth were much more entertaining than this piece of shiz. I mean seriously, at least if I put a gun in my mouth I get to have complete control of the gun and where the bullet ends up. The latter statement brings me to my main point, and that point being, if I can't control the aiming process of my gun then what am I actually doing? Why do the gaming companies feel like they have to cater to people by implementing a lock on aiming system rather than a manual one. It completely takes the fun out of the entire experience. Whats truly amazing about this game is the fact that even with automatic aim implemented it's still a freaking hard game! So lets backtrack, the game is boring, frustrating, and flat out stupid!
i loved onimusha. i hated onimusha 2. an utter waste of time and money, and i bought it for only 9.99. when i got to the final boss battle, i couldn't help but think 'this is it?' then i tried beating nobunaga a half dozen times or so, but couldnt since i used all my healing items and magic replenishers going into the purple phantom realm. if i had known that the final boss was right after i would have skipped it and whipped him good. so i finished the purple phantom realm and was hurt irreparably and only got some dinky sword. what a tur%. since i completed the whole game on normal i wasn't about to drop to easy mode just to beat the last boss. so i tossed the cd-rom in the garbage, something i had thought about doing quite a few times before as the game never started, and never really got going. a game without a soul. but there were a couple of pretty places with some nice graphics, that is the only positive.avoid
First of all,I didn't even want to rent this game cause I thought it looked stupid and insulted everything that was great about final fantasy.I SHOULD have listened to my first instincts,but instead I gave into to so many whining squaresoft&quot;fans&quot; who said that this really is a great game,you just have to get past the fact that there's disney.HA! I'd like to know how that is possible when everywhere you turn,disney is screamed in your face;the shield has a mickey mouse emblem on it,the sword has a mickey mouse emblem on it,everything has a mickey mouse emblem on it!What really bothered me the most about this game was all the subliminal messages in it.For example one of the final fantasy characters in the final fantasy world says&quot;Our world is just one tiny peice that is part of something much greater!&quot;OH!I see,so final fantasy is just something insignificant and what's sooo much greater is disney!This also leads me to ask that if each individual disney story/movie had it's own world,then why couldn't they have done the same for each individual installment of final fantasy?Every final fantasy fan knows that the diffrent stories in the series where always on an epic level,so why does disney treat the final fantasy anthology so unimportantly?By just mixing all the final fantasy characters from diffrent games into one world to call it's own was a slap in squaresoft's face.And just look how they depicted poor cid from ff7!They gave him blonde hair(he's older and has grey hair)plus they got rid of his cigarette and put a twig in his mouth....grrrr!Of course I suppose disney was the right partner to choose for this project since squaresoft seems only to want to make interactive movies instead of games.By this,I mean the same problem with kingdom hearts was what I saw in final fantasy X; play a little bit then watch a cinema(which you can't skip over either),play a little bit more then watch another cinema!This replays itself over and over and gets extremely annoying.Graphicsseem to be more important than gameplay.Lastly kingdom hearts is not a true rpg to which it passes itselfover as on the box.It isn't a true rpg in the sense that there isno turn based battle system;it's an action rpg with free moving enemies and heroes.This tied in with the locking system makes it much more like zelda:ocarina of time than any of the final fantasy series.Why squaresoft chose to do this is a mystery to mesince the game is supposed to tie in with final fantasy.My only guess is that it was probabaly disney's idea,since they see fit to march right in and change every aspect about anything with THIS world!The saying for kingdom hearts is &quot;You'll never know who you'll run into next.&quot;I think the saying for disney should be&quot;You never know what we'll take over next!&quot;I'd rather eat a bucket full of broken glass than play this disney comercial!!
Now, before you say anything, I have played this game and beaten it in the week provided by blockbuster(grudgingly playing it though)and now for the unbaiased opinion. I think that this game is so completely stupid. It and the sequel are retarded but again its my opinion.
This game has a great idea behind it. Putting characters from two beloved franchises (Final Fantasy and Disney) into a brand-new storyline with a few new, original characters is a stroke of genius, and it works well. The environments are colorful and perfectly capture the fantasy vibe; the original PSone models of old FF characters are brought to the next-gen world with great graphics and superb voice-acting. The story itself is also interesting. So I happily leapt into this game, really excited about the whole thing.Then, something terrible happened: gameplay. Sora (the main character) moves so clunkily and imprecisely that both combat and exploration are a chore. If battles were turn-based in classic Square fashion, this would be easier to deal with, but they're not. They're done in real-time, meaning that you are never given a rest from the painful controls. No matter how fast I tapped the buttons or moved the control stick, Sora's attacks were always several steps behind my commands. And when I was platforming in the "exploration" segments, his pitiful jumps and tendency to keep moving once I released the analog stick was continually frustrating.All this wouldn't be so bad if the game was forgiving enough to accomodate the interface, but that isn't the case. Indeed, the difficulty is actually harder than many games I've played with better control schemes. Enemies are whip-quick and surround you in a flash; platforms are tiny and widely spaced; and replenishing items are always in short supply.Another complaint I have is that the puzzles don't make sense. Unlike better RPGs (Paper Mario 2, for example), where you can analyze the area and figure out what you're supposed to do, Kingdom Hearts gives you no clues. I would have been stumped within minutes if I didn't have the strategy guide to back me up. Like everything else in the game, the puzzles must be done perfectly, with no mistakes, or you have to start over. Seeing as you don't know if something is a mistake or not until you do it, this gets very tedious and frustrating.Overall, playing this game felt like trying to dismantle a ticking time bomb with no tools, where touching one wire could mean death: stressful, confusing, and definitely not fun. And after a while, it doesn't even matter that the bomb is decorated with beloved characters and bright colors.
I loved final fantasy 7. Final Fantasy 8 was pretty good. Then Final Fantasy 9 was the worst game ive ever played. 10 was pretty bad too. But now Square is doing something different. Kingdom Hearts is a way to make money off previous characters. I doubt anyone would buy this game if Final Fantasy characters were not in it.Lets be honest, its horrible. For once just admit Square made a bad game. The controls are the worst. Whenever you want to manipulate the camera, it goes spinning in the other direction. It took me like 3 hours just to beat this Alice in Wonderland level. And yes, it is a hack and slash game. All I do is hit X and the game locks into things and attacks. Pretty easy. There is no fun factor really.Cool old Square characters. I can see why they had to add those in. Without Cloud or Squall the game would have been thrown out by most. Now dont just say my review is horrible because you like the game. Most of the reveiwers have not even played it. The plot is probably one of the worst plots ever. You lock doors that seemingly hold the entire worlds existence, and you need to close them before they are opened by the bad people. So the bad people are looking for the 7 princesses to open the ultimate door. Wow that took real genius, not. I bet Square thought of this whole game in one day. ALSO, this is just like all the other final fantasys. Your best friend of member of your party turns on you. Kairi or whatever turns to hate you because he wants your girl. Some witch tells him to hate you because you hang out with donald and goofy, and Kairi is just like "Yea, he should be hanging out with me. But I never want to be his friend again because he was so loyal to me!". Its kinda stupid that we were best friends one minute, now he wants to slaughter me. Well I can tell you that hes just a sad Seifer rip off from FF8.Now before you go dissing my review, look at the facts I have given you. The only reason this games been gettin mad reviews is because 1)Square made it 2)Old final fantasy characters come back. Just before you go and play it let me warn you. It is NOT a final fantasy. IT IS A PLATFORM GAME. YOU WILL SPEND HOURS FALLING BECAUSE THE CAMERA AND CONTROLS. Now that I have given you this knowledge, do not give Square any more money.
it's not really action rpg...this is more of a platform game which is why i hate it! you have to do alot of stupid jumps that are not easy to do because the platforms are ridiculously far apart. don't buy this game! frustrating, not fun at all! worst game ever!
Oh boy squaresoft is on a role. They have been dishin out some sh*tty a*s games lately but this has to be the biggest piece of sh*t squaresoft has dispensed out of their behind. So lets take a look at the title first...A little fruity I know. Ok ok lets take it from the basics. I bought the game a year after it came out....Due to the huge hype about. You know all these little nerds sayin "Man Kingdom Hearts is awesome!!" or "Man I couldn't take a crap without Kingdom Hearts". Personally I dispiesed the game but you know what peer pressure does to you. Living here in Japan squaresoft was hailed as the greatest RPG maker ever which I can understand i.e. Mystic Quest (Personal Fav) Nevertheless with a name like Kingdom Hearts...Makes you question the game. Know in this day in age when to people use the word kingdom? I've never even heard the word empire used unless people were punning at the united states government. Anyways Kingdom makes you think of faries and nonsense...hence disney and their perverted godness. Hearts makes you think of a smelly old love story..Or a great classic card game!! So if the name doesnt drive you away lets see what does.Upon further dissection the game is simply compiled of a gay character who looks like a cheaply made version of all the Final Fantasy characters. Now for a lot of you readers maybe I should have told you this before but if you don't like Final Fantasy you might...I mean you won't like this game at all. The truth of the matter is, that this game is a fantasy of its own. A bunch of fantasy looking characters hanging out with the queers of Disney. How fun!! So the theme of the game is to search for your gay lover....Actually I never took the time to understand the point of the game though I believe it had to do with searching. Nevertheless the gay characters will pretty much make you want to go and buy Soul Reaver its that bad!! Squaresoft has outdone itself this time. Teaming up with disney must have been a sign of Squaresoft reaching rock bottom. Their time on deathrow was almost up but with Disney on their back nothing is to fear. So they made up some lame queerish characters and made a bad story and whipped it all together...hence "Kindom Hearts" How sad. When I remembered great classical games they took time and dedication...This game took a whole bunch of as*holes and just glued them together. The game is retarded as hell and I know for a fact that a 5 year old could throw up a better game then this.For your own saftey I would stay away from this game. Its cheap graphics, gameplay, music, characters....there are just so many aspects of this game that suck its so hard for me to tell you. But seriously if your that bored to buy this game sure do it. But you'll have 50X more fun buy breaking it with a hammer:)
Okay, I'm a minority in this, but I hated this game.But before I rant and rave, the good parts. The controls were good, the graphics were nice and tidy, and the music was SO good.But the bad... Oh the bad. Quickly I found myself confused as to where to go. I could not work the "Gummy Ship" or travel to other levels easily. I was so confused... And the story itself is not appealing to me. I like Disney Films, or some of them anyway, but mixing Disney and Final Fantasy was DUMb-UH. It was like shoving two puzzle sets together and trying to make a picture with the mess... and you can't do that. Square peg doesn't go into triangle hole! And I hear that the sequels are doubly confusing!It was unpleasant for me. For others it may be a nostalgic joy ride with two great casts, Final Fantasy and Disney characters going side-by-side. I wanted to see the Winnie the Poo level and the Nightmare Before Christmas level, bud saddly I could not get it to work right, no matter who I talked to, what I did, how far I leveled up, or anything.
i picked this up in a bargain bin at a local video games store. my mistake. there are good and even great star wars games (kotor, star wars galaxies pre-cu), and there are terrible star wars games (star wars galaxies post-cu). this is totally horrible and isn't worth picking up for 5 bucks.
I'm sorry to say this, but this game is pathetic, and the level of fame that developer BioWare has gained over it really saddens me. Now, I'll admit that I'm not the biggest Star Wars fan (read: I saw one movie when I was eight), but I am a huge RPG fan, and this game plummets far below my expectations. I will describe my experience with the game, and hopefully you will choose to pass it by and skip the agony I went through.At the start of the game, I was asked to choose my character's appearance, skill point allocation, and basic moveset. Sounds fun and cool, right? That's what I thought, too. Until I realized that every character model was blocky and pseudo-realistic (you know, that weird, pale, supposed-to-look-human-but-really-doesn't look), the skill-point system was convoluted and confusing to anyone who isn't a hardcore Dungeons and Dragons player, and choosing my moves was so difficult and frustrating that in the end, I didn't even know which ones I had. Creating the character took an hour, and I didn't feel at all satisfied after I finished.Once I started the actual game, things only got worse. I headed to my first battle, expecting a standard turn-based system at the least, and an innovative action/RPG blend at the most. I got neither. Instead, I was greeted a bizarre mess. In fact, this combat system was so strange and awkward that I don't think I could even describe it. All I know is that, first off, my character was somehow moving on its own, and second, the commands I entered didn't seem to effect what happened onscreen at all.After making my way through several battles, by way of random button mashing and liberal use of medpacks (that was the easiest way to do it, and seemed to have the same result as trying to concentrate and strategize), I met my first party member. What happened after that just plain scared me. First, the voiceovers made me want to both laugh and scream. Secondly, while the horrendous voice is grating your ears, you have to look at a disturbing close-up of the character's face as he's talking. And finally, THE FACE DOESN'T CHANGE. His expression stayed exactly the same throughout the entire conversation, and this happened with every single other character I talked to. Freaky.The final part of the game that I played through was the first city. It was big, with lots of people walking around, going about their lives. This would be cool, if I had known where to go in this massive maze. But did I? Nope. Although my horribly-voiced partner apparently knew the city well, I recieved no guidance from him. Instead, he followed me around, giving me no hints but the instruction to "find Bastilla". By the way, I knew nothing about what Bastilla looked like or where she might be.After twenty minutes of running around in the maze, talking to random, badly-voiced people, most of whom had mean things to say, I gave up. Maybe people who like Star Wars and D&D; will appreciate this, but I just can't. BioWare, quit pretending you're the next great RPG maker and go back to putting your characters in MTV music videos.
I picked this game up a few months back. I got it because I just got through with Mass Effect and loved that game. Well the folks who did Mass Effect for the most part also had a hand in making this Star Wars game, Knights of the Old Republic.I'll make this short, because I think some people need to know just how flipping boring this game is. The dialogue is okay. You have to read it, and there is no actual speach. I can live with that, especially since this game did come out a few years back.However, the action sequences are left the game found wanting. You press a button, and watch your characters do all the work. "Wow. That's it?!" Is what I thought to myself. I'm not much of an RPG guy, but when I hear the words "ACTION" and "FUN TO PLAY" associated with it, I tend to think their might be some challenging action scenes to go along with a game with story line. You know, something like Deus Ex, or Mass Effect. Heck, even the Final Fantasy guys get it right year after year. I say all of that, so I don't get people flaming me saying I just don't like RPGs. I do like RPGs, just the good ones.I felt like I was being spoon fed everything to continue on with the game. It wasn't challenging at all. I had to quit after playing this game for about an hour. I kept telling myself it will get better, and it never did.Sorry folks, but Star Wars games like the X-Wing/Tie Fighter series, Dark Forces/Jedi Knight series, and even the Rebel Assault games were better than this crap.You want a good RPG from Bioware? Play Mass Effect. You want a good RPG period? Play Lost Odyssey, or Diablo, or Titan's Quest, or the Elder Scrolls series, or the Fallout series, or Final Fantasy. Just not this game.
My neghibor is in 6th grade and he beat it in one night.  Does this tell you anything?
When the game came out things worked pretty well.  The glowing reviews were well deserved.  But with each passing day since, the bugs and stability have gotten worse.  It has now gotten to the point that the servers go down everyday.  And each time the servers go down the length of time they are down gets longer. Most of the time the servers are down for a few minutes to a couple of hours. Today it is now approaching 12 hours downtime and that is for nearly half the servers and the most popular ones.  It wouldn't be that bad if the downtimes were when most people were not playing.  But the downtimes almost always occur in the evening at the peak player times.There are many bugs that many players know about and go unfixed.  It has become the old doctor joke.  You know, the patient says "Doctor, it hurts every time I do this" and the doctor says "Don't do that".  That is how many players play the game, there are many things we are supposed to be able to do but when we do it the game locks up or crashes, among other things. So we avoid doing certain things. Again, with each passing day more and more bugs appear.The PVP(player versus player) system in the game is probably the worst and most pointless of any online only game in existence. This can be especially frustrating for players trying to level on a PVP server. There is supposed to be a system that punishes players from killing other players of a significantly lower level.  This is called "ganking". After the first couple of areas on a PVP server you enter areas that are PVP enabled, meaning the other faction can attack you.  Unless you have very high level players with you, you will be "ganked" and many times.  Which makes it very hard to level and complete missions in these areas.  After about level 15 you enter the PVP enabled areas.When you do PVP with players of nearly equal level there is no reward for winning or punishment for losing.  You also do not gain any experience.  It is pointless. The community has been screaming to Blizzard to give PVP meaning. Blizzard was supposed to have a meaningful PVP system in place when the game was released and have promised this ever since the game came out.  But, again, with each passing day, we are told something is coming soon.  We are still waiting.All things considered, with the server instability, the bugs and the meaningless PVP system I would suggest waiting to buy the game at this time.  I would wait about 3 to 6 months, check the latest reviews(make sure you read the date the reviews were submitted, don't be fooled by reviews that were written when the game first came out) to see if things have improved.(Edited August 13, 2006)As you can see the original review was written over a year ago.  What has happened since then?  If I didn't know better, it almost appears that Blizzard had my concerns at the top of the list for things to address.The game works almost flawlessly, with only the occasional down time, lags and bugs.  But honestly what MMO doesn't have these problems?  WOW now works as good or better than any MMO.Some people now say the PVP is the best part of the game and it is something that everyone should give a try, especially the PVP haters, you may be surprised how much you like it.Kudos to Blizzard for doing it right!
I give this one star simply not because the game isnt good but the DVD is outdated you would be better off just buying it from Blizzards site online and downloading it as the DVD itself here will be worthless considering that pretty much all the content of World of Warcraft has been upgraded since Cataclysm.Why they have not pulled these disks and come out with a new boxed product say called World of Warcraft: The Shattering which contains most of the data needed for patch 4.03a so that it would actually be useful for those who either have slow downloads or like me have now have to deal with the stupid download cap that many ISPs are now putting on subscribers.  The game itself is great and the CD key that comes with it will give you the full game (and burning crusade too!) but this product as a boxed product is out of date.also if you are not sure about getting the game you can go on world of war-crafts website and play the game AS LONG AS YOU WANT FREE up until level 20 now!  which is pretty sweet.  Its a great game but just keep in mind this disk is out of date and aside for the key itself is pretty much useless.
I had high hopes for this game.  I finally had broadband in my area, and what better way to test it than with online gaming, right?  The game in its current state can be summed up in one word:Boring.Run (or jog) for minutes at a time, look for needles in haystacks, kill vermin, and hope nobody kills you.  That's about it.  Sound adventurous?  No space travel.  No piloting of any craft.  You might get to ride a dewback, if you're lucky.I wish I could find someone to give my copy.  To get my money's worth I've given it a dual-purpose:  Door stop and paper weight.LucasArts and SOE really missed the mark with this one.
You thought this would be better than everquest, playing a wookie on different planets, tons of nerding for sure. Unfortunately it is nothing BUT everquest. Sure it is addicting but the design is fundamentally weak and the graphics are brilliant but only because it is funded well.It's pretty much mmorpg back to the basics, don't get this game whatever you do
I played this game already and can say that it doesn't live up to the hype.  Don't expect anything new, or anything that even meets the new standards of gaming.  This game is like every other game on the market but dressed up as Star Wars for marketing purposes.  It's really boring, the textures aren't impressive at all and the characters are shallow.  Playing this game is comparable to being beaten by an old lady.
I wrote a review when I first bought this game. I gave it 5 stars because of all the inovative ideas put into the game. I also raved about its excellent surrounding environment in the different planets you can chose to play in. I now take back what I have said with Part 2 of my SWG review.After noticing the fact that I used to play an hour a day, I was still just a novice pistoleer. Why is this? Because you have to play a LOT to become anywhere good in the game. A huge flaw in this game is that it takes no skill at all whatsoever. The entire game is based off of the amount of time clocked into your life to play. Your grandmother could play this game the rest of her life, knowing NOTHING about video games, and still do very well. Once past the steep learning curve in the game, all that stands in your way is time itself. If you have the time, then go ahead, no-lifer, play, play, play, and play, until you become a master marksman, or medic, or whatever.This isn't the worst problem though. The game is extremely repetative. Sure, going out with 15 people in Lok killing space bunnies with many different types of players is fun at first. Then you start to realize taht you can only make money by doing pointless missions and crafting weapons/armor for bigger and more extreme players. Alright, that isn't so much fun. Then we have the skill system. Possibly the only good part about the game, the skill system is a great way to mix skills to have more unique characters. Ok, you can be a master medic and a master pistoleer and a somewhat good creature handler, but what's after that? I don't know, absolutely nothing. Once you max out your skill points, the only thing else to do is to give up skills and start new ones (or if you are THAT good of a character, redo your skills again). Great, I am paying 15 dollars of my hard-earned money every month to learn max out about 12 different professions... Fun...And about that 15 dollars a month. Even within 2 months of release, servers are frequently down getting updated. Those 15 dollars are not going to the right places. When I had technical problems with the game, the SOE reps on the phone were not only giving me a big headache, but were so unprofessional that they were wasting my time, thus the 15 dollar phonecall to California that day. Atleast use that money to get better reps and to get people that actually know how to make good patches for the game. Then I might have considered keeping my account.Earlier I discussed repetativeness. Did I mention that there isn't one single vehicle that you are able to freely drive in this game? Sure, take a shuttle port to different cities, or a starport to different planets. GOOD LUCK walking 10,000 meters away from town for an 800 credit mission. Doing so will require you to use auto-run, thank god that was implemented. (For any players reading this review, it is the numlock key). I was able to watch the first quarter of The Screensavers on Tech TV and still have a few minutes before I got to my destination. The best players will be the ones with nothing else better to do than sit around holding the forward key, or watching your stupid character traverse across the world. Fun fun fun.All of this for a rediculous price of 15 dollars a month. I can easily have more fun playing Disney's new ToonTown MMORPG, which costs 4 bucks a month. Yay. I can even include a subscription to planetside - a critically acclaimed MMORPG - to still have a lower cost than ONE account to SWG. And I would probably have more fun playing these games as well.To conclude, the game was fun while it lasted. Now I am selling my perfectly conditioned game back to the store for 1/4 of the original price and moarning over the loss of 30 dollars, which I could have spent in much better ways. This is the last of my money Sony Online Entertainment is getting from me.
These items should be pulled from amazon.after September 15th, 2011 all new star wars galaxies account codes are no longer able to be used.  The game is shutting down on the 15th of December and new players are no longer allowed to enter the game.If you buy this you will not be able to have access to what you paid for so unless you just want the box then you should not buy this.Repeat: No one who buys a new cd key for Star Wars Galaxies will be able to enter the game and any account who has not been active as of September 15th 2011 will NOT be able to reactivate and enter the game.  Please be aware.
see you all in WOW my bloodfin peeps!!!
Buying Star Wars Galaxies: $20Installing and patching the game: 2 hoursRealizing that the manual you read during that time along with the strategy guide that you picked up talk about an entirely different SWG than the one you are playing and are thus useless?  Priceless.There are some games that are fun and rewarding to play.  For everything else - there's Sony.Sony Online Entertainment has turned this game into a severely bugged shadow of it's former self.  A new first-person-combat system similar to planetside was shoved into the game, breaking the previous systems and returning the game to an Alpha-state.If you're fine paying $15 per month for what is essentially an alpha-test on servers which are devoid of all but 10 - 15 players at a time, by all means; pick this up.If you value the money you work for and would like to play what this game is trying to be - spend your money on Battlefront 2 instead.  If you want a decent MMORPG, I suggest anything not marketed by Sony Online Entertainment.Worst customer service ever.
I was really looking forward to buying and playing Battlefield 1942.  I had heard so much hype about it.  You know what?  You need a super computer to play this game.  Now don't tell me to go buy a newer computer because I already have a new computer.  I have a Dell 1.7GHz with 256MB RAM and a 32MB Nvidia Geforce 4 Graphics Card.  No matter what setting I put this game on, this game lags and movement of everything is very slow. I ended up taking the game back to the store and putting in a preorder for the expansion pack to Medal of Honor: Allied Assault, which comes out next month. I never had any trouble at all with Medal of Honor: Allied Assault and it ran as smooth as silk on my computer.  Electronic Arts (EA) has published both Battlefield 1942 and Medal of Honor: Allied Assault and I can't believe they would let Battlefield 1942 be published with all of the bugs in it.  This game needs alot of work and alot of patches to be able to work right.  I'm very disappointed that EA released this game so early with so many bugs.
Sly Cooper & the Thievious Raccoonus is a dumb game. The grafics are like a cartoon which is kind of cool but after a while it gets annoying. The game is hard too. I couldnt get past the 3 level. Dont get the game.
Just a word of warning for anyone expecting a completely new game.  Before you pre-order this title, take a look at the screenshots for the new game.  You can find some on the company's website or any PC game review website.  The sequel looks EXACTLY like the original game.  They've altered the roller coaster design features a little and inserted a few different rides but overall, this game is almost a carbon copy of the first one.  If you enjoyed Corkscrew Follies and the other expansion game, this game is for you as all it really is is more maps and a few more rides but if you're expecting something different (which I always do with sequels) you're going to be horribly disappointed.  Even the graphics engine is still the same.  This game is primarily meant to cash in on one of the most popular game series ever.
This game was the same like the first vicecity but you play as a black guy and it has a different story. GTA is really getting boaring it's just the same stuff, so this game was not good.
This game is just flat out horrible.  If you want a game that is fun to play over and over again, and want great graphics and everything else you should look elsewhere.  There is no variety in this game whatsoever.
This game gets old fast. The graphics are ugly. The gameplay is bad. It all seems pointless and stupid. Not in any way fun. How could someone like this crap? What is it that they see in this game? There are so many better games out there. It goes out of its way to seem violent and wrong. The plot is so unbelievalbe in a bad way. It stereotypes big time.
the controls are horrible (especially the first person targeting), ugly graphics, missions are stupidly difficult (could be ok if not for the frustrating controls), and some of them have insane time limit. this game probably never went through quality control. cross-stitching is more fun than this stupid game!
I was expecting this game to be easy but it wasnt ' i think sonic team at least shouldve added a handicapp mode on story mode where it gets easy but instead they didnt ' the levels are just to hard and annyoying and walkthroughs make it sound like the game is easy when its not
IF YOU WERE BORN WITH 36 FINGERS YOU'LL LOVE THIS GAME. THE KEYBOARD CONTROLS DON'T WORK AND THE FRUSTRATION LEVEL FOR THIS GAME IS OFF THE HOOK. HITMAN CONTRACTS? MAYBE AT THE 99 CENT STORE!
Hitman seemed like it was going to be lots of fun until It took me 6 hours out of one day just to try to attempt to beat the first mission. I got it this morning and will be trading it in tomorrow. Just for the record I still have not assassinated the Don in the first mission. This game will frustrate you to the point of migraine and that's not something I'd like to endure in my leisure time. I thought video games were supposed to be fun with a bit of a challenge, not this one though, this is all challenge no fun. Dont But it unless you want a headache.
Being a spy is one thing, but being a hitman is another. A hitman is not a good idea for a Video Game hero. The game looks like ... as well. You kill someone and you have to hide their body so no one sees it. What about that huge blood mess you made on the ground. Oh well if anyone sees it they'll just think someone spilled their fruit punch all over the ground and forgot to wipe it up. What a stupid game. Give me a break.
In my first review I gave .hack only two stars,but after having played a couple more hours,I can honestly say that that's too good of a rating for this terrible,back-end stink of a game!I would give it zero stars but that's not an option...How many horrible things about this game can I mention?Let's see,oh yeah,your weapons and armor level up by tossing them into a pond,and depending on what the weather is like,it get's weaker or stronger...sound stupid?Wait there's more!You can only use skills(spells/special moves) if you're wearing certain weapons or armor.Levels mean nothing;no learning cool spells by leveling up the old fashoined way,all you have to do is sport the right threads!WOW!You only get a certain amount of EXP depending on how many levels the monster is stronger or weaker than you.I guess just having a set amount of EXP for each monster is just too much to ask!Let's make something even more complex even though you already have to learn 5000 diffrent rules just to play this peice of junk!Don't be fooled by thinking that this game has two worlds... this game always takes place in the online game"the world";the real world is just the computer desktop with that annoying music.All you do on the desktop is read pointless e-mails that tell youboring ...,and if you don't kiss every character's ... in the game they'll get mad at you and won't play with you....oh,darn!As for the whole "illusion" of being on an online virtual world,that's a total joke!The dungeon graphics are VERY bland and repetitive; in fact if it wasn't for the flashy cutscenes,this could easily be put on the playstation 1!Oh,and the other "online players" say the same three things over and over, including the ones that join your party!And as for the whole story,I just didn't care!It doesn't ever make you WANT to find out what happens next.The plot isn't gripping at all;I mean yeah,you're friend goes into a coma,but as to why he did,it's just abstract and stupid.Some ghost chic get's chased by a guy with a pink staff and then he beats your friend with it!UGH!! And you're telling me that Bandai wants to drag this out to three more sequals!?Also,controlling the camera manually gets really,really old!At first it might seems like a good idea,but you'll get a headache constantly switching the camera back and forth.It gets tiresome doing this just when walking in a dungeon,but when you've got a group of enemies that always run out of view....Lastly,the music was completely indistinct and unnoticeable; Super Mario Bros.1 had better music than this!Please rent this game before wasting your hard-earned cash on it,like I made the mistake of doing!
I found this game to be one of the worst games ive ever played. Why, why is it so bad. Heres an idea, get a life. Get over the anime and stop voting 5 because you "love" the anime.This game is way too short. I did plenty of extra dungeons, and found this game to be so, incomplex. I traded this guy for these knives at the beggining, and I NEVER found a better weapon, too easy.Anyways, heres the problems.-Cannot change the class of character, any weapon you find that aren't dual sabers cannot be equipped ever.-The dungeons are repetitive. They use the same terrains and pots and dead bodies and stuff.-Trading system boring, its basically the only interaction you need.-People say the same thing constantly.-In total, this game has 64 characters i believe. All together, civilians and players. I got the ryu book and it told me. I honestly don't know how boring it can get then 64 characters.(like 12 of them being playable)-Boring plot, your friend goes in a coma, some chick is running around, and the game doesn't have any plot.-In order to mooch as much money as possible from the game, Bandai decided to release FOUR, F-O-U-R Games. For FIFTY dollars each. Meaning this series requires 200 bucks to be completed. Considered the first one took me 15 hours basically, Bandai could of easily fit in more, instead they want more and more money. Basically this means the game isn't even a full game. Its a PART of a game.Good things-There are so many bad things. Dungeons that look the same over and over, the same pots, dead bodies, and destructibles, and the same items. BORING-Theres no good things I can think of, its a boring game, get over the anime.
Another boring Tomb Raider game; complete with the same goofy puzzles and blocky interface. Nothing new here, just the same old game with better graphics.As for Lara's "big guns", ho-hum. Kids looking to see Lara's barely covered cha-chas will not be disappointed but is that really worth the cost of this game?
After literally months of waiting, Tomb Raider: Angel Of Darkness finally hit the shelves today.  After such a long delay, it would be fair to say that my expectations were high but not too lofty.  I try not to expect a transcendant experience as you are almost always sure to be disappointed.  I was patient, as are all Tomb Raider fans, I'm sure, and quietly counted the days to its' release.  After several hours of game play, I can safely say that this game is a total catastrophe.  From the get go, you can get a feel of the horrid controls and camera movement.  Moving Lara around is more of a chore than second nature and the camera angles are just downright annoying.  For instance, when you want to make just the tiniest of turns, the slightest nudge of the left thumb pad causes her entire body to move in the opposite direction in a 180 degree turn, rendering it difficult to do the most mundane and trival action.  In addition, you end up taking way too much time positioning Lara to do any of her limited actions (when climbing through a window, you have to position her in such a way that the camera doesn't make in the least bit obvious).  It simply ends up being irritating just to get Lara to walk in a straight line.  Which leads me to the awful camera angles.  The camera angles are SO choppy and inexcusable that you most likely will want to quit in the first five minutes.  The right thumb pad allows the player to adjust the angle but as you climb, shimmy, swim or jump, the camera will automatically jump to a different angle, rendering your manual movement completely useless.  An example would be shimmying along a wall, in which you experience another wall in the foreground.  As you manually turn the camera to whatever angle fits you best, the camera system will switch to it's own angle to avoid the wall in the foreground.  It's stupid and as a result, it never gives the player a sense of total control.  Another glaring negative is the game engine.  In a few words; it's awful.  In the beginning of the game, Lara climbs a roof which houses a few crows and shacks littered about.  As it rains, there is much to see and as a result, the game slows down to a mere crawl.  Remember all those old nintendo and playstation games that would freeze when too much was happening at once?  Well, it happens here and with a system such as PS2 and a game with such a high standard as Tomb Raider, it is unacceptable at any length.  Lastly, the graphics just aren't that hot.  They're pretty standard and the cinemas are tired and uninspired.  After hearing the developers rave on and on about how the graphics are going to be groundbreaking, you have to wonder if they are still living in 1996.In the games defense, I had expectations.  Probably higher than I realize.  But this game is crap, pure and simple.  It's shocking to think that, way back in november, they decided they wanted to 'polish' the game and thus begin the months and months of delays.  It's even scarier to think how bad it was back in november to warrant such a delay and to deliver this junk after such a long stall.  Could it be that they wanted to conincide the games release with the launch of the movie?  Me thinks so.I've only had the game for one day and I'm a little bit heart broken.  Hopefully after a few more plays I can be friends with Lara again.  But as of now, this game just sucks.
In this day and age, are we as gamers really expected to put up with this level of crap? Possibly the biggest disappointment in the history of videogames since the Sega Saturn, 'Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness' is the first next-gen outing for the intrepid Ms. Croft.Stuck in development hell for the best part of 2 years, Core and Eidos should be very, VERY ashamed of themselves for allowing such a bug-filled, poorly thought-out piece of software onto the shelves, much less a game with such a rich and popular reputation to live up to.Put simply, 'Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness' is an absolute dog.First: The graphics just do not cut the mustard. Granted, the human characters in the Tomb Raider series were never graphically astounding, but here they're just badly done. Textures are pixelated and the frame rate is low. Lara's animations are smooth and her new costumes are diverting, but that's it. Characters like Bouchard and Carvier are not good enough for the PS 2, being underdetailed and very badly animated.Level design is very substandard for a TR game. And, horror of horrors, there's only one tomb, The rest of the game is like a horrible cross between Metal Gear Solid and a weak RPG, where Lara is forced to run about Parisian streets and warehouses with no real sense of raiding anything.Second: The control system is an absolute abomination. Lara is just not meant to be analog. Gone is the intuitive quad-style floor layout and now jumps and falls are impossible to judge, the upshot of which is Core have created a game which is insanely easy to beat. Lining up the camera, controlled by the right analog stick, every time you want to make a jump, is just annoying, and the collision detection is ridiculous.Third: This is such an easy game to beat. Although I should point out, you'd better get to like the phrases 'Overwrite Successful' and 'Load Successful', becuase you'll be seeing them a hell of a lot. Thanks to the ridiculous control system, Saving and Loading happens far more often than is acceptable, and when you do manage to make the jumps and climbs without the control system hampering your every move or the game crashing out (happens a lot, sound and event glitches abound) you wonder what happened to the rest of the level.A horrible, horrible game that yields no rewards, and will cause great distress to fans of the TR series, 'Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness' is something we should all forget.Core, never let this happen again.
The first Tomb Raider was what got me interested in the Playstation console.  Over the years they've gotten progressively better.  Then there was a long lapse between the 4th installment and now.  What in the world happened!??!This title is utterly useless.  The controls are terrible.  The camera angle is annoying and the levels are very uninspiring.  Then you have this interaction with other humans that is just useless.  You choose certain sentences and that is supposed to alter the game somewhat.  All it does is use up precious game space on the disc.  Utterly useless!!!The music, is beautiful.  But these games are known for their music.  The graphics are nice, when you can see them.  The game is way too dark.  I know it supposed to be dark as you are in a tomb, or cavern, but it doesn't have to be that dark to where you can't see certain objects or other nuances.I also judge a game on how I can just sit and play without reading. In this instance, I had to consult the manual because the controls weren't intuitive.  Like the auto-aim and manual aim.  Some of the "bosses" were so lame.  At first you think it's going to be a challenge.  But, you try and try and try, and you can't beat it.  Then you do the unthinkable.  You consult the web for a walkthrough and when you read it, it's like, "How dumb is that!!".  After performing the moves to kill the creature, it was really quick and not very satisifying.They include this lame "Making of" which is supposed to be insight on how the game was designed and what it took.  All it did was waste space on the DVD.  Who cares how you made the game.  It didn't give any special insight into the way it was created because the game itself is terrible!!Overall this game left a very bad taste in my mouth.  One that I hope will not resurface in the next installment.My recommendation is to skip this one.  If I could give it less than one star I would, but Amazon doesn't have that option.
This game is good on it's own but it's just not Doom.  If Id had stayed true to the game that made them and remade it it would have been 100 times as scary as the alien looking things in this game.  This game feels like if you went to buy a DOOM game but got Alien Resurrection with hell.  The monsters in this game aside from the zombies are terrible and look like garbage.  Np pinkies, no cacodemons, no barons( no their not), no hell-knights, no spider demons, to aracnatrons, no rooms full of monsters to blast down, the weapons again look like an Alien movie not Doom except the chainsaw,  the controls are not near as good as classic doom or quake causing the multiplayer to be pretty much useless,  id just could never get to that level of greatness again.  I mean look how how butchered the Quake series is since Quake 1.  Thankfully Id has been stopped and bought out from ruining their game series with garbage like Doom 3??, Quake 2, Quake 3, Quake 4, Quake enemy territory, or Heretic  II.  Doom Knee Deep In The Dead all the way through Doom TNT/plutonium project w. Doom Legacy is all you need, the best game ever made with easy new multiplayer, bots modes and extras.  Get the Doom collectors bundle instead of this crap, way more fun going into actual Hell to fight actual demons not poorly designed aliens/mutants.
The graphics for Doom are the best anywhere right now (assuming you have the flashlight turned on so you can see them).  Most of the time the game is pitch black so you demons can jump out at you.  Initially the demons were frightening, then the simple A.I. became boring, then it became anoying.  The enemy is very predictable except for some of the scripted events.The flashlight was annoying because it could not be used along with weapons.  You have to lower your weapon everytime you use it. (Mods are available to fix this, but the game seems to be centered on leaving you in almost pitch black to make it frightening. Without the default flashlight set up the suprises are minimal.)I quickly found the gameplay becoming boring because it is very similar to the original Doom.  Personally I prefer more tactics in my gameplay.  Halo 2 and Half-Live 2 look better, but I look forward to the Doom engine being used on future games with better gameplay and A.I.
D3 is looking really nice but I have to agree with vanzagar...Kingpin 2 needs the graphic enginge...I also like to add that KINGPIN is the best gangster game ever.....Why doesn't amazon have this on sale?....If some one knows please post if for me....This game has bin delayed so many times its probably not going to come out...I loved Doom 1...I was an addict to that game...I never played D2 but I can't wait for D3....Isaw the Trailer for Xbox version and that also shocked me..Cause the Graphics are just as good on the pc version!..Oh well...Hope this game comes out soon...
I love the Spyro series. My favorite was Spyro Year of the Dragon which was perfect. When I heard Spyro was gonna be on next gen systems I was excited! Boy...I did not espect them to butcher the series for me.For one this game was not made by Insomniac games who are responsible for making the first 3 kickass games. That was my first sign this probably wasn't gonna be as good as I want it to be. (May contain spoilers)Story: This entire story is a plot hole. In the 2nd Spyro Ripto was the main villian and you kill him at the end. This game gives no explanation on how the hell he returns. I understand the Dragonfly plot, but Riptos return is just crazy.Graphics: Even though the graphics looked pretty good, I found lots of graphical glitches. For one the game lags alot. Before trading my copy I had a glitch where the all the sheep in the game front leg stretched into the sky. I restarted my console, but the glitch remained. It wouldn't go away. I also noticed the character designs seemed a little distorted at time. In the honey world theres a graphical glitch where all the honey stops flowing too. Damn! Did they have any quality assurance?Gameplay: The gameplay works the same as the first 3 games, but new firebreathing techniques are added. I found lots of trouble wuth the bubble breath. I would be chasing a dragonfly and I will clearly be hitting it with the bubblebreath, but he won't be caught. That is a huge pain in the ass later on when you have to chase them annoying things on platforms and are faster. Once again theres lag. Lagging is a huge issue in this game because it happens often and slow gameplay. theres also this funny ass glitch where you swim un the air. In the homeworld just swim to the edge of the water at the Beach world entrance. Do a headslam and hold square when you do it and start swimming in the air like its water. You can go all over the place with it. This prooves they didn't test the game before releasing it. I also had trouble figuring out what to do after fighting Ripto. I got no ending or nothing, so I tried collecting everything. It was impossible. I needed one gem and it was in the Thieves den. I spent days looking for it even using Sparks to help, but it never showed up. In the dragon dojo there was a glitch that happens when you try to get the kites for the baby dragons. IIf you jump in the right spot around the kite trees, the game will make the mistake of thinking you touched the kite and give it to the baby. Removing any strategy involved with getting it the normal way.Sound: One of the highlights of Spyro games was always the sound and music. The music wasn't too bad. Its definately not the usual Spyro formula, but it wasn't too bad. I notived alot of the music consisted of what sounds to me like Indian chants. My favorite tracks were in the Thieves Den level. The music is kind of boring though. Its lacks the intensity and fun of the older games. Sadly even the sound has glitches. sometimes the music and sounds skip. In the Dragon Dojo the sound of the enemies attacking skipped the entire time I was in the level and wouldn't go away until I left.Lengh: This game is short. I MEAN short. Its only one world! I mean WTF! Spyro the dragon had 5 worlds including a bonus, Riptos Rage had 3 including an bonus, and Year of the dragon had 4 including many extras. This has one world with 7 or 8 short levels! From my knowledge theres not even a bonus for getting all coins and dragonflies. You don't get all your money from Moneybags the bear, theres no extra powers, nosatisfying cutscene, or any reason to try and complete the levels 100%. As mention earlier nothing happened when I defeated Ripto so I know this because of a LP I saw on Youtube.In short Spyro Enter the Dragonfly was a huge disappointment. This game could have been good if put in the right hands. I would love to see it remade with all these problems taken care of, but given the bad recession this series has had lately, I don't see that happening anytime soon.
AT FIRST I THOUGHT THIS GAME MIGHT BE COOL  BUT IT WAS A HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT FIRST OFF IT WAS TO SHORT .SECOND ITS NOT FUN ITS REALLY BORING AND ITS REALLY SLOW WHILE LOADING DO NOT BUY THIS GET YEAR OF THE DRAGON INSTED .WORST SPYRO GAME EVER CREATED
This Spyro game had everyone excited, but when it finally came out, it sucked. The game looks great and it has new features, but that doesn't make up for all the problems with it. It's gameplay is slow, and the storyline is for a 5 year old. With this game, Spyro lost all his attitude. In my point of view, the developers didn't even try on this one.
It it not worth a penny!I'm a huge Spyro fan, when it came in the mail of course I was excited, but that quickly changed!There are only 9 levels. It take SOOO LONG to load! it loads the loading! I can't play it without finding a glitch. One time I ran past a seagull in the beach level and the sound of it chirping stuck then the sound of underwater stuck on top of that and it sounded like nothing I've ever heard before! I had to shut it off because it wouldn't stop, I even reset it!The characters look DUMB like there is no bone in their body or brain in their skull. (if they had one) they look too jello like, and the voices don't match their mouth.When you attack an enemy you can't tell that you made s successful hit till it dissapears. In the old games the controller would jump and you would hear and see the impact of Spyros head, so you KNOW you hit him. And when you charge a sheep it burns into lamb chops... Sorry I though that only happend with fire?  They ruined the sheep, they are all fat and slow, instead of quick and springy.Over all the ONLY thing that I found nice in the game was the graphics, it is beautiful.Without Insomniac Spyro will never be the same.
Firstly, I have the PC version. The PS2 bit on the description has thrown me a bit!That aside, I loved Simcity 3000. Played it for hours. Heard about SC4, got it, unwrapped it.... and.....Well it looks nice. Has a bundle of extras that 3000 didn't have. So I dived in to the rich graphics and started building my city. CRASH.Frozen computer. Hmm. The read-me's said ensure you have the latest drivers for your soundcards, graphics cards etc... so off I went... spent about 3 weeks upgrading drivers, playing the game for a bit... watching it crash, trying another driver.... watching it crash...So I contacted the admitedly very responsive EA tech support via email. We spent about a week trying different things to a point where it worked ok in VERY slow software mode. At this point EA told me how I could get a refund.Not impressed.All my computer specs exceed those printed on the case. I'm also a bit of a PC geek, so following the read-me instructions, tech support advice and upgrading drivers wasn't a problem. So why am I left with a very nice looking but unstable game?I have now got it working with medium detail settings rather than the full glory I should be able to see, but after several weeks of constant crashing, I can't face playing it again. I fear the next crash!(Yes, I have tried EA's first issued patch for SC4. No it doesn't help).
If you buy this game please be warned that it is very bad.If you think this game will offer you the action packed thrills of GTA or anything along that line please reconsider.  I play a lot of games and I know video games.
I enjoyed the Simcity games and felt ripped off with Simcity 3000 as it was basically the same package as the previous Simcity.  If you love the basic city building concepts of the Simcity games, Simcity 4 is the exact same thing.  At least they changed the graphics for this one and gave it an updated look for today's video cards but if you look at screenshots for Simcity 4 you'll see that it has the same rules, building types, etc.  If you'd like to play Simcity again with an updated graphics engine, go for this title, but if you've been "simcitied out," save your money and buy another title.  Sims anything sells like hotcakes and EA realizes this.  It's another attempt to cash in on the Sim name.
I'm so glad I rented this game instead of buying it. Animal Crossing is cute but completely pointless. It's a little like &quot;The Sims&quot; in that you have a character and a house in a virtual world; but unlike &quot;The Sims,&quot; there are no relationships, and it's not even much fun decorating the house (it's only one tiny room).I got bored after about 90 minutes; I could tell the game was going to be nothing more than running repetitive errands for the residents of the little town.I truly don't understand why anyone likes this kind of game. This is just as bad as &quot;The Sims Online&quot; (another boring, pointless real-time game).
I hoped that this game was fun, seeing on all the reviews and stuff, but it's not. This game needs like this expansion, to make it more,supposedly fun, don't buy it!
While I understand that franchise games tend to lean on their franchise as a crutch, even despite the cutscenes from the movie this game is virtually devoid of story. The fact that you can't skip the poorly-done game cinematics doesn't help the poor presentation, and while the series is supposed to be grand, this ends up 'walk forward and kill things'. The fact that the Fellowship will follow and help sometimes but not others feels untrue to the movies and book.Story: 3/10I'm not the kind of person to demand photo-realism or exact replication - I still enjoy playingChrono Cross- but this game was truly unimpressive. It's not 'gasp, it's Dong Zhuo!' ugly, but it's disappointing.Graphics: 5/10At least the sound effects do all the right stealing. The movies sound pretty good, and the game sounds fair. Music and in-game sound-effect volume can be altered independently, but the ambiance lacks a certain polish that I expected from the movies the game is based off.Sound: 6/10While the music is indeed stolen from the movies, what shows in the game is toned down background material. WhileThe Lord of the Rings The Third Agemay not have been the most innovative RPG, at least it sounded and looked nice throughout.Music: 5.8/10This is repetitive action requiring complex combos for unimpressive-looking moves, along a narrow path that offers none of the free exploration of the wide, impressive lands of the movies. Your ability to upgrade your character is based on how skilled (lucky) you are in the level, because you can't replay and this means that if you have a bad run, your only option is to reset the game and load all over again. None of the skills really seem to change gameplay that much, as an RPG this game falls flat on its face and as a hack-and-slash it makesDynasty Warriors 4look great (it's not). The local co-op consists of the middle six levels where a friend can follow you along the narrow, short levels, but isn't nearly as easy to get into as good co-op games where you can generally have a friend help from the start.Gameplay: 4/10You don't even get the option to play co-op until after you've already spent at least a half-hour beating the first two levels, and then you have to save and quit to the main menu to discover that levels can't be repeated. What? You didn't have a lucky run with Gimli and you're too short for that one minimally helpful upgrade? Start all over. The fact that the first two levels can only be played with one fixed character and all but one of the rest are locked to Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli don't help. There are extras you automatically unlock by progressing through the missions, but unlike The Third Age there's little good organization or sense of true satisfaction.Replayability: 1/10With the large number of five-star reviews, I had high expectations, and perhaps that was part of the problem. Everything it tries to do has already been done better elsewhere, and while I'm not going to say this game was horrible, it was short and lackluster - barring getting stuck on a level, you can finish in one sitting of just a few hours (though boring load times and unskippable cutscenes don't help). If you want a good Lord of the Rings RPG,The Lord of the Rings The Third Ageis superb compared to this. If you want hack-and-slash, look for a different franchise. I wouldn't even suggest a rental, but do that before you consider buying, even for bargain-bin prices.Overall: 3.7/10
The Sims games are just crap. They are so boring. All you do is control peoples lives. All they do is go to the bathroom, sleep and stand in one spot for hours. I cant see why people like this game. Save your money and buy another game. It took me 20 minutes to get used to the controls and by then I wanted to trow it out. I never liked the sims but I thought this sims would be a ok game. I was wrong. The grafics are good but that doesnt make the game funner.
People will say whatever companies want them to, but not me.  What the companies don't want you to hear about Splinter Cell is it's horrible story line, it's lack of options, and the atari style graphics that fill this game.  I am a computer gamer, I play more games than anyone and I know games better.  Trust me.
i originall said that this game was an excellent game, but after playing the xbox version and the playstation 2 demo, i now know that this computer version is the gayest thing that can ever happen to the personal computer.  i have to say that the only good thing about this game is that it is challenging, but in between the game jumping around with you graphics settings and the fact that the controls are kind of messed up, this is in actual fact a terrible game for the computer, because of the fact that it probably wont run as well as you want it to.
I'm sick of mario party titles.  The first one was fun, the second one was weak, but still good, and from there on the series hit rock bottom and dragged it's way across it.  It may entertain someone who's never played the series, but everyone else will be dead sick of it.  Mario party should have stayed Mario Party, and there shouldn't have been any sequels.  Obviously Nintendo's in this franchise for the money and only the money.
Though I never originally purchased a Half life game, now I definitely won't.  You people on here are pathetic!  Only fanboys of Valve would tollerate whatever the company does.  "Praise the Company!"  Your blood is boiling as you read this?  GOOOD!  I hope so.  I like people mad at me.  Because instead of knocking this review you should be knocking the aa h at Valve and Steam. If your not, then I hope you rupture a splean and get a stroke from this review.  You are a waist of human tissue and material that could be used to make other babies.  When the people at CGW who are rude in general start pansy-ing up to the Valve people like Newel then something is indeed wrong.  Jeff Green can insult his costumers but we know he wouldn't dare knock the all-mighty-valve.  What a woosie!  Let me explain something to you PC layman types.  WIndows XP Has an activation process...  OKay I don't like it but you only do it once!  Half Life, Half Life II and all other accompying games require you to be online not only during activation but when PLAYING the game(single included).  YOu have to continually PROVE you own the game.  How Hitler is that?  Neverwinter Nights is trying this with thier fan based mods but they have also lost a customer as I only play the Trilogy and don't buy into mods that require connection all the time when it is unnessasary.  ALSO.  Weather you  like it or not, your credit card is charged without prior knowledge and once you activate Steam, they can charge you(legally) for anything at anytime.  So you had best know what your getting into before purchasing the game whether boxed or downloaded it's the same.  You should be spanked for saying Kudo's to such a greed bunch of paranoid overly protective jerks like valve and thier partners.  Thats the news and I am outta here!
As some reveiwers have already mentioned, Half-Life 2 requires registration on a program called Steam. Well, to make a long story short, I've spent my entire day salivating over a mere taste of the game I just forked over $55 to play, but instead of battling aliens in City 17, I'm battling network problems that Valve should have anticipated... but that's absurd because I want the single player campaign, and my internet connection (etc etc) shouldn't even be an issue.Most games average $39.99 new, but no, Valve demanded $55 (as did Doom 3 and Diablo 2 and all those overhyped "we're doing you a favor letting you buy this masterpiece at all" games), and to add insult to injury I can't even play what I paid good money for. I don't know what the game is like, so I can't judge it -- but I can vent my frustration, as others have done (and are doing in increasing numbers), by informing potential buyers of all the pains that come with owning Half-Life 2. You shouldn't have to jump hoops when you've already paid, and to say I'm "steamed" (forgive the pun) is quite an understatement.I'm showing Valve how much I appreciate this mess by selling my copy of Half-Life 2 and turning my back on it. I don't care how great PC Gamer thinks it is -- my principles of a consumer demand it.
Well, if you read the reviews you will see it all spelled out for you.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  You can't even play it.  You need a high-speed, always on connection in order to play this title (unless you want to wait for 4 hours on dial-up).  The heck with that trash, I spent $55 on this title - and I need Steam's permission each time I want to play it? Where was that on the box? Also not on the box is the fact that you have to wait in line for your turn to get permission - yes, this from the same company that had its source code hacked, so you can just imagine how reliable their servers are.  Apparently there is a way to play the game offline, but it doesn't work for everyone, and some people are being told by Steam/Valve that they have to disable their LAN's - no way!Note to anyone that hasn't opened the box - DON'T.  Unopened you can return it easily.  You open it and returning it is an entirely different ball game.So tell everyone that you can to stay away from this game, maybe when the dust settles they will release a patch that revokes the necessary Steam membership.  If not, well, the only thing I can suggest to people who want to "play" the game they paid for, look for someone who is sharing a hack online.  For once I think the pirates are justified - and that sickens me.
That's pretty much it.  I can't run my brandnew game because it requires broadband and I didn't know it.
I received a copy of Half Life 2 for Christmas. I have been waiting for this game to be released for two years. Yep, we have all been through the "our ideas were stolen...yada...yada...yada..." I was appalled to discover that in order to load the game, I had to sign up for an account on-line!!!! Sure, they "SAID" you could play the game off-line once you signed up BUT what kind of "stronged arm robbery" is this!?! You HAVE to sign up for their on-line crap that you DO NOT want OR need?!?! Valve AND Sierra should be hung and quartered for this blatant ripping off of the public. Now...IF you can swallow all that BS and decide to try the game for all its hipe, you will quickly discover that Sierra and Valve released the game on FIVE CD'S!!!! Who on God's green earth puts out a game as a multi-swap CD anymore?!?! One darn DVD would have handled the complete game. Okay, so you play the CD swap only to find out that their is a crucial file missing at the end of the 4th CD. Oh, did I mention the craptacular box AND no manual?!?!I did not bother to return the game. I threw it in the trash where it, and all other games like it, belong. It is a shame that I never got to experience any of the game itself. Maybe the companies will release a non rip off version on DVD, that actually loads AND that has a hard copy of the manual!You know, there was a time when Sierra games were to die for...KIng's Quest series...Phantasmagoria, etc...BUT no more :( [...]
...ok so heres the idea of the game....take an action genre such as first person shooter..thats typicaly fulled of action and fun...and instead make it incredibly boring...but give the consumer lots of needless information like "this plant is the jugahuga plant"..I DONT CARE!!this game bores meeee the boss fight where u were runnign around it was pretty fun but thats the only action in the game...the world was beautiful and everythign was beautiful...but i didnt 'click' with this world... it just felt like i was looking at a pretty moving picture....kind of the equivalent of watching somebody else playing.......then again i like watching my friends play games..but..just not this one...
I hate this game, it has 2 more parts and the story doesn't make sense, it's super hard! and makes you epileptic, because you don't know what to do!!
Sorry all but I am about to step on a ton of Nintendo lovers with this brief review about the travesty known as Metroid Prime. If it weren't for the shoddy control and ridiculous save points, I would be sharing the opinions of every reviewer out there and say this game is a 5 out of 5 or a 9.5 out of 10 like IGN. Unfortunately, cool graphics, a great map, wonderful environments, super smooth 60FPS and a compelling story does not make up for the fact that you will be fighting the godawful controls all the way through.Admittedly , this game is from 2002--which would be the infancy of first person shooters on Consoles. This hardly excuses not using the damn second stick on the Gamecube controller to make this game livable!! Sure, the left trigger locks on which is great to straff and blast through enemies. The problem comes when you have to shoot at things which the game does not consider enemies--like exploding mushrooms, or that rapidly respawning killer grass, or the hives where those big flying bugs come out of. AIming is nearly impossible!! You hold the right trigger and try to move the left stick(the only stick used for control in this game) praying beyond everything that the damn reticule will stay in one place. YOU see the cursor does not stop when you release pressure on the stick!! So you have to do minute motions with the stick and basically fire blindly until random chance has the reticule go over the item you want to shoot at.All of these things were bearable for the first 5 or 6 hours of the game(I explored every nook and cranny I was loving the game so much) The first few bosses were not too bad and then I got to a big bug boss who would recharge with these mirrors. Here is the method. You shoot this boss(for some reason the lock on was very shoddy for this boss) until he gets kind of winded. You then have to shoot a little red spot on the base of the mirror(Sorry for the spoilers but if you want to play this game, you are probably not going to want to read this review anyway right?) To destroy the mirror you have to hold the fire button to do a power shot at it. But the aim is so crappy that you miss half the time!! The first boss of the game was real easy and you could lock and jump sideways. Not sure why but that method did not work with this boss and he absolutely raped me time and time again.To make matters ever worse, this game uses Save spots. This would be okay if the damn save spots were right next to the boss. NOOOOO. YOu respawn way the hell away from the boss and have to do a 5 minute platforming section to get back to him. Why do Japanese games not believe the the checkpoint system? Please tell me why??????Uggh. I think I am just too used to modern games which are a lot more forgiving. So far my experience with the WII has been pretty bad. Should have just stuck with my PS3...
After being dissapointed with Neverwinter Nights, I hestitated to buy another Bioware game, but my sons persuaded me. We tried, we really tried, to play this game. It looked good and started out okay, but quickly got very, very boring. Basically, you just run around, up and down the same corridors.After an initial frenzy of play, all three of us just slowly stopped playing it. After a few weeks, I did a quick poll and then uninstalled and sold it.(During the game, you are supposed to earn light or dark points. By the time I stopped playing, I realized I was still exactly neutral. My oldest son, who was trying to get on the dark side, ended up going toward the light side.)
WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game and it's sequel DO NOT WORK ony anything above XP!!!!!! Vista, 7, 8, fuggedaboudit!!!!!!!!!! If you get the Xbox version, do NOT play it on the 360 or it'll be riddled with slowdown!
This so-called halo-killer was sad in comparison. Lame graphics, pathetic story, & characters no one cared about. Worst game Ever.
Dont buy Nightfire. It is very boring. The missions are long and stupid. I hate all the bond games especialy the new one. The colors in the game are really bad. And the guns are stupid and not real in real life. Theres a automatic gun with a scope and you cant look trough the scope. Unless you love bond games dont buy this. The grafics suck.
Don't be fooled, this game sucks.  I got it for my birthday last year, and it doens't match up to 007: Goldeneye (one of the best games ever made), so don't be fooled
I see a lot of 4 and 5 star reviews on this game. I dont know maybe there playing another game because from what I see from this game is not at all impressive. While the concept and graphics of the game is good, the control of this game is where it falls way WAY short. Controlling your characters is a task in itself and are too cumbersome, simply walking/running in narrow areas can get frustrating, I won't even going into aiming to kill birds that fly off the screen only to come back and attack you from the entirely other direction. I don't know if this was done intentially to make the game harder than it really is, but it works!! On top of that the characters seem slow to respond to your actions, when your trying to pick something up, you have to press the button and wait to see if it responds, you press the shoot button, and your characters just stand there while getting attacked, when your attcked by something an get pushed to the previous screen, you can still be attacked even though you can't see where it is so you can shoot it. Top this off with barely enough ammo to kill the cheesy zombies that grab you and take 7 shots to kill with the pistol. I'm sure the controls take some getting used to, but this game is just too boring to want to learn the controls. The game it self moves entirely too slow and it littered with too many useless and corny cut screens. Cut screens when you pick up something, cut screens when you walk up or down stairs, cut screens when you climb a ladder, cut screens when you open a door, cut screen when you switch character controls. And if the game wasn't already SLOW enough, text goes across the screen slooowly and there is no way to make it go faster. "A..R..E.T..H..E.......F..A..I..N..T......S..O..U..N..D..S......O..F.........F..O..O..T..S..T..E..P..S.....T..H..O..S..E.....O..F.....S..U..R..V..I..V..O..R..S.?" is NOT something I want to sit through EVERY SINGLE time I load a game.I'm so glad I didn't pay full price for this game....If this game had fewer cut screens was more faster paced and most importantly, had controls like Xbox's Splinter cell, then maybe this would be a very good game. But as it stands, my second GameCube game is a waste of my time and money. I guess I was spoiled by my Xbox's splinter cell and even my game cube's Metroid Prime. And to think I thought splinter cell was cumbersome when I first played it. HA! Don't waste your money unless you absolutely LOVE the resident evil series.
This game is only for hormone-raging 13 year old kids who can't get their hands on actuall pornography so its aimed towards their hormones. The game is actually not a good game. If one of your "not-as-smart" friends has the game you might want to try it, but its not worth the money nor time to rent or buy. The ONLY other reason to buy this game is IF you are a DIE HARD Dead or Alive "collectors" fan.
Dead or Alive Volleyball, is a pretty weak game. It does has beautiful graphics; the women wearing bikinis and sun bathing or playing volleyball. ... The backdrops are beautiful as well, with nice beaches and island spots. I also had a bit of fun with the casino mini games included. When you gamble and win at the casino games, you earn money to buy gifts for your girl/characters- buy them a new swimsuit, candy, flowers. It tries to simulate interaction with a virtual girl, but it is very limited. The volleyball game (which is the whole purpose of the game) lacks responsive controls, and has very bad camera angles. The bad camera angles ruin the whole game because when you are playing volleyball, either your character or ball will leave the play screen and then you end up losing points! Terrible. The music and sound effects are generic but they can be turned down.Pros:+beautiful women+beautiful back drops+casino gamesCons:-junk controls-camera angles sucks-you cannot adjust camera angles-generic music-weak sound effects-not very excitingOverall this game is below average, it tried to implement lots of good ideas, and the casino games was a nice bonus, but the negative points affect it badly.
I hate this game. The only reason I have it is because when I bought a Spyro game it was free. I played it probably 8 times before I found out its was boring and impossible to beat. I have never been a fan of Lord of the Ring but i thoght the game would be ok. I was wrong. It was horrible. I have never played it in over 1 year. Even if you are a big fan of Lord of the Rings I think your going to find this game boring and stupid.Please tell me if my reveiw was helpful or not.
I made a terrible mistake and bought this game for $49.99 the day it came out. If I waited a month (which I wished I did) I could've bought it for $20. This has to be by far one of the worst games I ever played. Needless to say I played it for about 45 minutes and quit, I never played it again. I thought it was boring, graphics and movement were terrible. Honestly if someone gave me this game for free I wouldn't take it. I love the books, all 3 movies were great, this game shouldn't exist. I wasn't too impressed with the other Lord of the Rings Games either but this one is definately the worst out of all. Try to avoid this one at all cost.
Common sense to me in making a good video game sequal,would be sticking to what made the previous installment/s great...NOPE! That ain't gonna happen in this age! For some reason game developers are almost sadisticaly compelled to add "new" stuff and completely throw away the tried and true elements that veterans of a series have come to know and love.Suikoden 3 is the fourth RPG that I have played for the PS2 which originated on an older system.And like the other three(Wild Arms 3,Legend Of Legia 2 and Final Fantasy X)it [bites] because they change way too much;almost to the point of feeling like an entirely diffrent game instead of a sequal.I hate to say it,but I think the death of good rpgs is upon us.Fun and traditonal gameplay is being replaced with eye candy and foreign concepts.I'd rather play good ol' dragon warrior on the 8bit nintendo than these peices of junk!I STRONGLY advise lovers of the first two installments of suikoden to rent this game before buying it.
Whatever happened to the Shinobi plotlines in the old Genesis games such as Shadow Dancer, Legend of Shinobi and Shinobi III? What happened to Joe Mushasi and his faithful dog sidekick? What about the evil Union Lizard Corp? None of that is in this. It's just generic hokum and the Ninja dude is the only one to save the day.The graphics are very cool and the soundtrack amiable enough but the gameplay is so boring and gets very old and tired even by the second stage. It was cool slicing the bad folks in half the first few times but when the game takes time out to show them spurting blood for the fifty-millionth time it seriously gets on your nerves.There's no variance or long-lasting appeal to this. It makes me long for the old-school Shinobi. Side-scrolling beat 'em ups such as Shadow Dancer are still better than this. It's very dull. It looks good but it plays poorly.
THIS GAME IS STUPID ITS SO INCREDBALY BORING I PLAYED IT FOR LIKE 5 MINUTES THAN I COULDNT STAND HOW STUPID IT WAS. ONE OF BIGGEST DISSPOINTMENTS OF THE YEAR.MAYBE RENT BUT DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT BY BUYING IT.NO WONDER THIS GAME IS BAD ITS ON XBOX
I expected this game to be a fitting sequel to Dark Cloud which was repetitive but fun overall but it isn't It's just repetitive. The graphics look amazing but that's the only plus. It does use the same dungeon crawler style but the enemies are downright pathetic, you're weilding a wrench as a weapon, not a sword. You pretty much die the moment you get hit. I recently put it back into my ps2 because I'd decided I never really gave it too much of a chance but it was a big mistake. It made me hate myself even more for wasting all that money and time. You'd be happier if you threw your money into an office shredder.  A giant elephant and a big fat clown with dynamite strapped to his half-naked body  (It's not the psychotic kind of clown you see  in horror movies either.) is hardly worth  fighting if at all and the story is utterly ridiculous. By the time max actually saw the outside world I expected the problem and solution to be explained but all we get is "A bad guy destroyed the world and we don't know why." They never even explain where the characters are going and why.The races in the last game (Though underdeveloped as characters) were loads more interesting than anything I ever saw in this  poor excuse for a sequel. I played long enough to encounter the "firbits". Rip offs of the seven dwarves from snow white. (They even have you keep an eye out for a woman who appeared in their forest one day, made their lives better and mysteriously disappeared.) NOTHING about this game keeps the player interested. You don't know why Max does anything when the adventure starts Or how Monica supposedly came from the future when the first time we see her she's in a castle  fighting stupid looking monsters and the next time she's a boy  with an oversized shirt on who apparently has a knack for  transmitting telekinetic messages into Max's mind.I got hours in and nothing makes sense. Nothing. I think they  just drew the scenes and characters from a hat and patched them together at random. You'd be better off buying a product called "Heart -attack in a can."  Don't  buy this.
I remember buying this game and thinking, "this is going to be another cool shooting game, kinda like Max Payne."  Well, I was completely wrong on both accounts.  This game is terrible, and it is NOTHING like Max Payne.  The graphics are some of the worst I have ever seen in a video game, even for the time period that this game came out in.  The controls are also some of the worst I have ever encountered.  The worst part of this game, however, is the plot/gameplay.  In short - there is no plot.  This guy just runs around killing things while his stupid pet does dumb tricks that a real dog would never do.This game is a cheap knockoff of Max Payne, and it performs poorly.  I would recommend sticking your head in the toilet over buying this game.  At least you can take a shower afterwards.
What was Capcom thinking when they said THIS would be a GREAT idea!? Everyone must have been having a bad year to have created this monstrosity. We left the world of Dante with high hopes for the next installment of the DMC (Devil May Cry) series. We knew there was going to be another game and we welcomed it with open arms. Until we got it. This game is downright bad. Though the first game had hokey dialogue, just like this one, it made up for it in the level of excitement and badassery that was Dante. Now we got a Dante that has a slightly longer coat, the ability to run on walls like in the Matrix and a nonexistent level of cockiness.Dante, as a playable character, is not alone. We are forced to use a separate disc with this Lucia woman to get the grand scheme of the story. Each disc, individually, can be played through in about four hours (eight total), but the creators of the game expected you to switch back and forth between the two to understand what in the world was going on. I value my PS2 tray too much to be switching between the two like that so I played them separately and stitched together what I didn't know without a great stretch of my imagination. Simply put: the story was awful. Why Dante would even get involved with the young Lucia and the ancient Matier is reduced to the simple fact that demons are running amok. At the very least, in the first game, Dante was interested in participating in Trish's request because of her resemblance to his mother. There is only a promise of a story from Matier. So I have to run around battling demon tanks, buildings, helicopters, monkeys, aquatic tendrils, and a boss fight that is as easy as eating pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving for a story? ...I'd rather waste my time watching paint dry.If you're hellbent on playing it, play the Dante disc and just assume the storyline. There's no other reason to play this game except for a lingering sense of pride in the DMC series.
Good lord, Capcom, what were you thinking when you released DMC2? I can't believe how dumb someone could be. Almost everything sucks, Dante isn't very hardcore anymore, the levels are too open(you can use guns to beat the game, seriously), it's too dang easy, and it's too dang stupid for it's own good. Capcom should be tortured for this. Devil May Cry 3 WILL be better than this. Believe me, I'm a big DMC freak.
Ridiculous...you can buy a Playstation for 15 bucks, and a RE2 game for only 7 or 8 bucks at any store. This is a pathetic attempt to capitalize off of idiots. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!You can buy it for N64 for a very cheap price as well, and the graphics are the same. As far as I know they didn't really change anything about this game. I just cannot believe they are chargine so much money for this, RE3, and code veronica-X, unbelievable. This is a great game, if you buy it for PS1/PS2, or N64. I would rather play it on PS1 anyway, it has a more classic, old school feel to it. Anyway, if you are dumb enough to actually dish out 55-200 bucks for this game, be aware you are ripping yourself off.
First off: The Gamecube ports of RE2, RE3 and RE Code Veronica are not meant for vets who played them already on Playstation or Dreamcast. These are for newcomers to the series, Gamecube owners who started off with the REmake and RE0. Ignorant vets will be disappointed at the lack of new content.I became an RE fan in the spring of 1996 when the first game in the series was new. I loved it and I couldn't wait for the sequel. When RE2 was finally announced, many fans were disappointed that it had two entirely new characters instead of reusing the characters from the first game. The director explained that every RE game had to have new characters, because the previous characters had already been through their share of horrors and were now hardened by them. I agreed with him 100%. So later when RE3 was announced and Jill from RE1 was the main character, that seeded my disdain for the game. It disappointed me that the creator didn't have the balls to stick to his guns, because he was right. Later I came to accept the rehashing of previous characters in RE games, but this was the first one to do it, and it annoyed me.Eventually the game came out and I bought it. Another irking detail niggled me right out the gate; RE3 has no "normal" difficulty setting, which is what I always play my games on when given the choice. In this game, you have to choose between easy or hard. Easy is insultingly easy and hard is harder than I like. However, RE3 does have some great gameplay innovations such as the gunpowder based ammo creation system, and the defensive dodge move, which I really wished they'd put into all following games in the series. There are also several points where you have to choose between two possible actions, and the choice you make does have an effect on what happens next. The puzzles are fairly standard for an RE game.RE3 does nothing to further the storyline. It's a complete sidetrack. I've always personally considered Code Veronica to be the true sequel to RE2, and RE3 to be a 'gaiden' (sidestory). Recently it's come out that this is the official truth, and the only reason Code Veronica wasn't given the title RE3 was because of the business relationship (or perhaps even actual contractual obligations) between Capcom and Sony. In some cases I would argue that if the gameplay itself is good, the story doesn't matter. But the fact is, RE1 set up Umbrella as the ultimate evil jerks who needed to be taken out, and RE2 did precious little to bring us closer to that goal. By the end of RE3, you're in exactly the same place RE2 left you, no closer to taking down the bad guys. Code Veronica, on the other hand, does indeed finally take the fight directly to Umbrella. And while I'm on the subject, I really have to question the wisdom of having RE4 take place in a world where Umbrella has already been taken out completely. That's one pleasure that DEFINITELY should have been given to the player.To sum up: I'm an RE vet of eight years and I don't recommend RE3.
Ok, I read many reviews and was shocked how much people like this one. I loved Silent Hill and Even More love for Silent Hill 2. So The series was moving ahead full speed then this crap came out. The problem starts with the series changing to a female lead character. If you notice they only did it once and then when back to white males as the role. Female as a lead just didnt work, and an ugly as hell one at that. Now that is for me (which before the sex battle begins I loved resident evil 3 with Jill it just doesnt work for silent hill series), it didnt seem to bother some of the other reviewers. Next Problem is the religious crap they stuff down our mouth. It was present a little in the first but this was like 90 percent in this one.The storyline felt like left over ideas that werent good enough for the first 2. Either way they atleast got back on track with Silent Hill 4. Skip this one.Con-Storyline-Female Lead-Boring-Monsters-Everything that made the first two not in this onePlus-I think THe Goriest In THe Series-Vincent was a nice add character (felt like he was a silent hill character)All in all, I pawned this game. Kept Silent Hill 1,2,4,Origins. Silent hill 5 and Remake arent any good either. But they are another story. High Hopes for Silent Hill Downpour. Hope this helps.
I had loved the Zelda series, but was dismayed when I saw Wind Waker. The cartoonish graphics look childish and amateurish. I nonetheless decided to rent the game and give it a shot. However, I gave up after a half hour or so. It just wasn't fun and wasn't worth my time.
What happened to Zelda?  Where did it go?  What am I babbling about?  Well, I'd love to explain to you all the problems I had with this game, but unfortunately, I can only use a certain number of words for this review, so I'll cover all the main problems I had with it.First and most important is the ending.  The ending was depressing for anyone who's ever played a Zelda title.  Changing the ending alone would have been enough to make the game about 5 times better.  I won't tell you what it was, only that it was TERRIBLE.Secondly, the Gameplay barely existed.  I found that half the game was spent doing NOTHING.  I just set up my sail and waited for five minutes while the game propelled me to my next destination.  The other half of the game was spent fighting battles and solving puzzles that were so easy, no five-year-old would fail at them.Storyline-wise, this game is a flop.  It contains only one realistically-behaving character; Ganon.  The rest of the characters are the product of plot holes, and are moved along BY the story, not the other way around.  Big problem in any game these days.The graphics annoyed me, but only because the character models were very ugly.  And as for the music, it just seemed incongrous very often.Plus, none of the characters talk!  On the GCN!  That's laziness to the umteenth power from a game-design perspective.Still, although I thought this game was a piece of garbage, there are those who found it fun, so I would be being unfair to say it is IMPOSSIBLE to like this game, despite all the huge, gaping flaws and mindless tedium it showcases.  To make everyone happy, I reccomend that you rent this game once to see whether or not you'll like it.  Don't make the mistake of buying it right off the bat like I did.
Zelda is the most over rated game series ever made. And Wind Waker is the worst Zelda game made. First of all i will just start talking about how bad the graphics are. What we are looking at here are 2D Pixel Shaded Graphics. I can possibly understand these graphics for a racing game, or possibly a fighting game. BUT NOT AN ADVENTURE GAME. Yes Ocarina of time was OK, but not good enough to save this series. Wind Waker completly destroyed it. Link looks and talks like a complete loser. But you may say graphics arent everything. I can agree with that SOMETIMES, but when they are as horrific as these, i cant even play the game. Now the story and gameplay. Can u hit Z and press the A button multiple times? Well then you can beat Zelda Wind Waker. The game is meant for kids, no doubt about that. There is a talking Ship FFS. What is going on here nintendo?!?! I think you get my point on why windwaker sucks. The main things are that the graphics suck, and the game is easy, boring, and just plain stupid.
I just don't get it. GameBoy is just trying to make a quick buck. I bet you that within the next year there's going to be a GameBoy Advance SP Turbo or something. How long is it going to take for them to quit putting out new models that have all the same capabilities except for a light or the shape or something dumb like that, and really sit down and take some time to try and put out a decent model with decent graphics. The sound is useless because you mostly just hear music, which is the same 30 second tune played over and over. I have to admit, the quality of the graphics have improved since GameBoy Color, but barely improved since GameBoy Advance. There are nowhere near the amount of levels that you can play on PS2 or Xbox or even GameCube. Mostly not even half. In conclusion, GameBoy is not all it's cracked up to be. I'm sorry if you don't agree but that's my honest opinion. So, save a quick buck and buy a video game console instead. (PS2 is the best, then Xbox, then GameCube) So in a nutshell, if you have regular GameBoy Advance, there's really no need to get GameBoy Advance SP Platinum.
I just bought a GBA a month ago. I figured when I bought it that I would be able to SEE the game I was playing. Silly me. Now I hear GBA SP is coming out and it has a light. I can't return the GBA I just got back to the store so I'm stuck with an inferior product...
I admit, I'm not really all that interested in first person shooter, so I don't play Medal of Honor or any of those games, but I was a huge fan of the original Wolfenstein games that came out centuries ago, and I am also a big fan of Duke Nukem games, even Golden Eye on 64 etc... so don't let my lack of interest in many first person shooters make you think I am just being nostalgic.This game didn't make me feel like I was returning to Wolfenstein at all. Sure, the original was a bunch of pixels and mazes with nazi's to kill and dogs coming at you, but the feel of this game doesn't feel the same at all. I felt more like I was in some movie starring Jason Stathman as he is sent in to kill nazi's and protect India Jones as he looks for ancient treasure. The first thing I noticed the moment I started playing was the computer AI is horribly programmed. The first nazi I come by ran right up to me, past me, then ran behind me somewhere, like he was looking for a good place to sit down to take aim, and before he could, he was shot dead. Then I noticed things around the place that is there for no reason. I come across some motorbikes, they make noises... do they do anything? No, can you ride them? No. Can you blow them up? No. Why are they there? At least in Duke Nukem games if a useless object is there, say when I found the Delorean from Back To The Future, in Time To Kill (or Land of the babes? one of the two) Duke quote's Biff Tannen and says, "Hello, McFly, Anyone home?", it's pointless, but none the less humorous. Where Activision trying to copy that by just adding random things trying to be funny? Or did someone just say, "euhh, there's too much wall, put a bike in-front of it."The second thing I really don't like about this game is the controls. They work OK for what they are, but what they lack is any control over aiming where you want to shoot. A lock onto enemy button would have been nice, or at least auto aim or something, because I don't know how tired I got of coming down stairs and someone is shooting me, and I have to look down in order to shoot them... it sounds like something you could get used to, but it feels like you are armed with a sling shot, while a mouse is running frantically between your legs in circles as you try to look down and maneuver around in circles yourself trying to get a lock on them. That's another thing... you only need to hit an enemy close enough to kill them, don't worry about aiming for bodies or head shots, just fart in their general direction and they will eventually smell it.In the original Wolfenstien there was a tonne of great array you could choose from. In this one, there is barely a decent weapon to be found. Most of them are hand guns, sniper rifles and single shot pistols. There is only a couple of machine guns, most of which are semi-automatics, and from what I can tell, only one decent rapid firing machine gun. However, there is no big cool gun... the original version of this game you had a cool mini-gun, why wouldn't that be included in the sequel? Maybe they wanted to go a bit more realistic, as it is supposed to be set in the 1940's or so, but hey, they had bazookas, hand grenades, molotov cocktails and what not back then too... couldn't those have been integrated with the artillery of this game? God, anything to just blow up a bunch of people at once would have been nice. Maybe that's just Duke's thing, I dunno, but this game needed more, MUCH more.The levels all seem too alike. Do you really need 10 levels per episode or the same damn thing over and over and over again? Your mission, find something, get out. Don't get killed. Next mission, find something, get out, don't get killed. And so on, and so on, and so on, and so on... YAWNNNNNNNNNNNN.What else surprises me about this game is there is no cheats. None without a action replay device or something. Now, before you say something about real gamers don't need cheats, let me remind you, Wolfenstein was pretty much the inventor of God Mode. Remember that name? Whether you would use it or not, why would you make a sequel like this and not include what made the original so damn popular in the first place? Come on, how many of you played the original and never once used God Mode??? Or the All Weapons cheat, or even the All Keys cheat??? Come on, raise your hand. How could they forgot to include these things in this version?I only got through about 20 levels of this game before I packed it in out of boredom or having to do the same thing over and over and over again. I really don't care how the game ends. Obviously Statham and Indy beat the bad guys, the proof lies in history, because the Nazi's where all taken out when Luke Skywalker blew up the Death Star II.The last thing is the sound, or should I say sounds. The sound of weapons and everything is fine, but the sounds of the Nazi's is what puts me off. They all speak perfect English! One of the coolest things of the original game was the sounds of the Nazi's saying things you had no idea what, unless you spoke German, but come on, why do they all speak English and say, "There he is, get him"... not even in a German accent???One last thing, it's not a biggie... but remember the cute pitbulls in the original? I would have liked to see them return and come running after me for a bullet to the forehead... unless they are somewhere later in the game, they don't make a return. Damn FCC and PETA. Cruelty to animals in the real world is wrong, but in video games it should be OK. It's not like anyone who played Mario Bros went out and stomped on a turtle and kicked his shell into a sewer pipe.____Overall____Gameplay  : 3/5Story  : 2/5Grahpics  : 2/5Controls  : 3/5Sound  : 2/5Replay V  : 0/5Extras  : 0/5________________Total  | 1.7
This game is terrible.  I rushed out and bought it on release day.  If only I had a time machine....I only played about 15 minutes of this game and turned it off.  I got rid of it as fast as possible.  The graphics are lame and the gameplay is not much better.  The controls were confusing to say the least.  What bothered me the most, however, was the glitches.  I repeatedly witnessed enemies getting "hung up" on things in the game, thus allowing me to wail on them while they could not chase me or attack.Overall = TerribleThe PC version of this game is much, much, much better and I highly recommend it, especially compared to this pathetic attempt at gaming.
I played this game hoping to see cool cut sequences and I did see cut sequences, but nothing cool. I felt bad that I had paid $ to view an ad for Matrix 3. I felt that the gameplay was not only weak but also boring. It was exceptionally easy.The only good thing about the game was that the CGI in the game matched the terrible CGI in the movie, so I felt like I was actually playing the movie.If you have to play this game to see what was not in the movie. Don't waste your time or money if you're interested in gameplay.
My high expectations for this game were shattered after I played it.  This game does not boast any positive aspects that I can think of, therefore I will mention the cons.  First off, the car physics are atrocious.  Or better yet I should deduce that there are no car physics.  It seems like the developers spent no time trying to make this feel realistic.  Taking corners doesn't have a solid or natural feel.  The car usually turns too sharply.  The fighting is equally lack luster and repetitive.  When I say repetive, people that are reading this and have played the game are nodding their heads in agreement, because repetitive is the perfect word to describe the fighting.  You'll press a couple buttons, maybe you'll have a gun at times, but it never induces a feeling of fun.  I found myself randomly pressing buttons just waiting for the adversaries to die.  When you want the game to end after a half hour of playing, it means it's time to hand the control to some unsuspecting victim and get away while you can.  Luckily I played this game at my friend's house.  And he was borrowing it from another friend, so neither of us had any money deficits to complain about.  Dropping $50 on a game like this would be unfortunate.  I truthfully cannot recommend this game to anyone.  I would not even recommend it to my worst enemies because playing this game is too harsh of a punishment.  If you want to see how bad it is you are free to rent it, just be aware of how much fun you are not going to have.
this game sounded awesome 2 hours after playing it and beating it I thanked God that it was my Stepdad's Christmas present and not mine. The figting system is the worst ever, the driving is like driving in a crappy arcade game, and the shooting is way to easy. Like I said if you can't beat this game in 2 hours you are an idiot. I haven't played many games worse then this one save your money and like everyone else is saying buy a different game. Go with the Getaway if you want a better game like this that isn't GTA at least the Getaways story and gameplay where good
This has got to be the worst game ever made!!!!  The missions are easy as hell!!! There are stupid multiple endings wich are not that important to me.  Kungfu|!!!!! WOW!  At least gta had an actual criminal who can do s**t.  Big deal,rap music!GTA3 had true gangster music wich was scarface!  True crimes blew big time.  I rented it and beat it in 2 days wich wasnt that much time for me to do.  Over all it sucks.IF you want a true gaming masterpiece get Grand Theft Auto3or vice cityTHIS GAME SUCKS, there are no helicopters no motorcyles ectjust plain stealling cars.  Hey miday Why dont you come up with something Original!I GIVE IT -1000000000
So dissappointed!!!I cannot believe that this version of THIS game would actually be worse than the Xbox Version! The graphics are absolutely horrible, worse than Dead Or Alive, worse than the other Soul Caliburs, worse than the Tekkens, worse than the Virtua Fighters, and worse than the Bloody Roar!Gameplay is terrible. The characters have to move so slow in this version.Namco did make a good choice for the special guest star, Link, and that is why this game is worth the one star. It dies not deserve anymore stars.
Soul Calibur II is an excellent game, but the Xbox Version, I daresay, is terrible. The special guest, Spawn, is a horrible fighter. Namco could have done better to pick a better guest star for the Xbox.The graphics is way better then that off the Virtua Fighters, the Tekkens, and the Bloody Roar Series, but that is the only good part, and thats why it is worth one star.
This game is fine....Except for it sucks!! It takes no skill whatsoever. A no skill no talent moron could play this game and pretend their good at it. Whoever plays this game and enjoys it is an absolute idiot. This game is nothing compared to hardcore fighters like tekken, street fighter and even king of fighters. When it comes to any aspect of this game it sucks. I must admit the idea of weapons is alright but to make that the key aspect of the game you would think it would be a bit more complicated then just pressing buttons randomly. I swear anyone could win in that game by pressing random buttons. Again a no talent no skill game. Just another example of how much Soul Calibur sucks!!
Halo 2 is even worse than Halo 1. Halo 2 is more unrealistic than the first. The vehicles are mainly the same and the guns are a little different. If you didnt like the firt Halo dont buy this because it is even stupider. They should have changed the name because it sounds like a game for girls. The grafics havent gotten better. If you like realistic shooting games get Conflict Veitnam. It is very realistic and theres 14 missions and over 40 weapons.
I am no pancake guru, but I can make some really good pancakes from a mix. However, with Batter Blaster's vague and inacurate instructions, you too can attempt 4 times to make a pancake and hilariously burn them every time. The instructions tell you just turn the can upside-down, shake and aim the nossel downward and make a pancake any size you want. The instructions tell you to set your heat to mid-high at 325 degrees. That seems to instantly burn pancakes within a minute of cooking one side. There is no instruction to use any kind of cooking oil or PAM on the pan. With or without, seems to give the same burnt result. So the next time I adjusted to a mid-low temperature like the normal pancakes I've made and that seems to help, but I still manage to burn the pancakes quickly when cooking pancakes from a mix I've never burnt one. Once I finally made an edible pancake there were plenty of air pockets inside of it. It was pretty synthetic tasting. Beware of your results. The instructions also don't say to flip the pancake... so maybe you're not supposed to?After making a few pancakes, I'm just left with a lot of questions and no answers. Perhaps I am too dumb to make something this simple?
Great game and I really enjoyed it when it first released, BUT the graphics on the PC have aged terribly and I even have a brand new graphics card and drivers and it still looked pathetic, Vice City just doesn't do it for me anymore when there are better games out now that have move features and better graphics.
As a long time fan of the X-Files,I am sorry to say,but this game sucks.The storyline is just flat out dumb,the controls are crap,the voice acting is so bad,that it's laughable and it's not even in the least bit scary.There was absolutley no effort put into this game at all,and it shows.Youre much better off buying one of the Silent Hill,Resident Evil or Fatal Frame games,then this.
[Boot-Crash,Boot-Crash...] Its the Painkiller Polka!That's what happened after I installed this mess. I knew that I was in trouble when the package contained 3 CDs and there was a message on the box stating: "Whoops, we messed up, use CD #3 to start the game, not #1...Duh." Uh-Oh!!And of course, after installing this game, then downloading the patch (ALREADY, the developers have a patch? Why does'nt Dreamcatcher just finish testing the game before they start selling it??) the darned thing still does'nt work.Worse yet, its an exception that is not handled since there is no error message: Just "Boot" then "Crash"!I know what you are thinking: "Well, you must have a bad system, it works fine on my machine." First, I have over 300 games loaded on my PC - from Microsoft Pinball to Dead Man's Hand - and they all work. I have the latest version of DirectX loaded and my video card is an 128 MB ATI 9000 series, my sound card is an Audigy 2 and my computer has a Gig of RAM and it is a P4 2.5 Ghz.But that really is'nt the point. I expect a complete game when I plunk down some serious $$ for one; not some patched-up mess. I should'nt have to rebuild my entire PC to run this game when over 300 others (including games released in the same month as "Painkiller") work perfectly.This is just a sloppily slapped-together piece of code. Don't waste your time on it until they fix ALL the bugs.
You gotta be kidding me... This is why I threw my DOOM game away! All this game is about mindless shooting! No plot to the game at all, just run around and kill things! Hey! I LOVE FPS but this is ridiculous! This is the first game I've bought in a LONG time that isn't worth the money. Oh sure, the graphics are ok, even a bit spooky, but geez, gimme a break! It must've been designed for mindless gamers without any other purpose other than to shoot things... What a waste! You go from one level to the next, mindlessly shooting creatures. Over and over and over again... Don't waste your money! Buy Far Cry. It's by far the best game out so far...
Back in the day games were difficult and these are no exception. Without some sort of guide to walk you through it, you could spend hours racking your head against the wall because the game is so vague about things that you don't know where to go or what to do. Not the best story, either.
Im going to make this simple, if your a traditional Final Fantasy fan who enjoyed Cecil, Bartz, Cloud, Zidane and all those great guys then skip on this game, its titled Final Fantasy but it completely strays from the path, the only positive is the graphics but the story and game play are awful
Wow, i thought that final fantasy series would be the best series ever, well i was wrong, i've played ff from 1 to 10, except for the 3 that never reached the states, well, this games simply sucks, it looks great, great sound, the interesting clothes changing in the middle of the battle, the excelent battle system, wow at first you look at the game as the thing that you've been expecting for so long, but then you see the reality, chapters, one chance to do some things, and the incredibly torturing percentage system. To speak more clearly, there are some things that you can do only once, if you fail on doing it, you have to reset and retry it, there are people that you can speak with to advance in the percentage and there are people that you should avoid to advance in the percentage, if you speak to somebody you shouldn't in the chapter you'll miss the percentage needed to see what you came looking in this game, then if you miss something you cannot do it again if you're in a different chapter.It's confusing the fact that you cannot do everything when you see the people or get the mission, because you've to do some thing in the 3 chapter to get +3% but you can do the same thing in chapter 1 but you'll get 1%.To really "enjoy" the game, you need a gameguide, TO BE READING ALL THE GAME ALONG (the official one won't serve you by the way), you need something done to get all the percentage, the game has five endings but only one ending that you wan't to see, the 100% ending because the others just suck.In conclusion, the traditional talking to people and nice walking around the world is jeopardized by the fact that you're going to screw it talking to somebody you shouldn't until chapter 4 or 3, causing it to give you less percentage or not giving you percentage at all. Those people you saw with bad eyes because they constantly use game guides to beat the games, well you'll become one of them with this game.True FF fans avoid it at all costs, this game sucks big time, just stick to the story of the X and you will remain happy with Yuna and his friends.People of Square, Hironobu Sakaguchi... what where you thinking when you created the percentage system? i can see now why namco is gaining ground on the rpg games.
Where to start?  Sigh, just thinking about this game gets my blood boiling.  I can't for the life of me understand why some people are giving this 5 stars.  Well, first off, just let me say that I am female.  It should be glaringly obvious that this game is targeted towards a female audience (or so Square-Enix may believe).  Unfortuneately, I was sickened by this game.  Well, let's start with something good.Graphics (10/10): Not bad at all.  I'm not too picky about graphics and I can honestly say that these are pretty good.  Bright, shiny, nice for a PS2 game.Music (4/10): Honestly, this is a matter of opinion, but I didn't like the mix of jazz, techno and pop that made up this soundtrack.  The final fantasy series is known for its beautiful classical-style music, and this game is a huge departure from that.  The airship music made me want to turn off the sound and put a previous game's soundtrack into my cd player.  The only song I really liked was "A Thousand Words".Characters (0/10): This section may even deserve a negative rating.  It's like Square-Enix decided to make a game just for the women out there-except they chose the top 10% of the female populous that were the most stupid, shallow, and air-headed people they could find for advice on what to put in this game.  This game gives real women a bad image.  Yuna, a mature, intelligent character I love from FF10, has been kidnapped and replaced with a body double who has the intellect of a card-board box covered in glitter.  I mourned the loss of the real Yuna.  FF10 Yuna grappled with such deep and complex issues as self-sacrifice and questioning her faith, FF10-2 Yuna likes playing dress-up and uses words like "dissasteriffic".  Honestly, the other two characters are no better; they are just as shallow and stupid.  I was actually excited about the all-female cast, I was expecting the intelligence-level of the female characters from FF10--not to be found here.Story (1/10): Wow.  This story is vapid. It starts out promisingly enough-Yuna views a sphere of someone who looks like Tidus, and sets out to find out if the impossible task of ressurecting him can be accomplished. The rest of the story falls apart from there. The vast majority of this "story" is made up of mini-games and side-quests.  Now, I like sidquests and mini-games as much as the next person, but there's a reason they have the words "side" and "mini" in them.  They are supposed to take a back-burner to the main story.  In this game, it's the other way around: the main game is composed of one dull, uninteresting sidequest/mini-game after another, while the main storyline takes forever to emerge/develop.  By the time the main story finally got around to being focused on, I no longer cared.Battle System (6/10): I had no real qualms with the actual battle mechanic. The system is a variation of turn based that is rather fast -- battles move quickly and your characters move around the field, helping you break out of the "let's all line up and attack" feel of previous games (which I actually didn't mind at all).  I must say that the Dress-sphere system itself is actually a rehashed version of the Job system from FFV.  Except in FFV it felt serious and mature-here it feels like you're playing Barbie dress-up.  Also, unlike FFV, you usually need to switch outfits in mid-battle, which slows battle down in an irritating fashion.  Another complaint that brings down the score in this section is the irritating phrases of your characters in battle.  Just listening to Rikku sqeal out another irritating inane phrase makes me cringe.Gameplay (0/10): If the rest of my review isn't enough for you, here's the final nail in the coffin. I was excited when I heard this game would be non-linear.  I thought it would be like Chrono Cross, where there was a story that you moved through, but certain key decisions (i.e. choose to rescue a character vs. not doing so) made along the way would affect future plot points.  Not so here, it is a mission based system with almost no direction.  The only real effect skipping half the inane crap does is to keep you from getting the perfect ending.  Things as small and pointless as forgetting to talk to one random NPC in chapter 2 could make you miss 1/2 a point which would prevent you from getting that perfect ending.  The effect of this is that you must follow a guide to the nearest letter, thus ruining any feeling of "non-linearity".  Oh, and all those "fun" sidequests you'll be doing aren't fun at all.Overall score (1/10)- *NOTE that this is not an average, it's my subjective feel of what this game deserves.  As for whether you should rent or buy this, I suggest neither.  In fact, if you're a fan of the original FF10, I suggest you forget this game ever happened.
Imagine if they made Romeo and Juliet 2, and they had Romeo and Juliet come back to life and live happily ever after.  Now you know what Final Fantasy X-2 is all about.Now that I know how FFX-2 turns out, I don't have need to keep my original FFX copy that I always thought of as a classic treasure.  FFX had a definite ending, and realistically it was about one thing, a tragic romance.  When FFX-2 was announced, I think it was obvious how it would turn out, and it does turn out that way.  I was a bit surprised that the developers of the game where this predictable.  I kept telling myself, something else has to happen, it can't turn out like a Disney fairytale, but deep down inside I think I knew it.Anyway, as far as I'm concerned I just needed confirmation that this was true, so that I wouldn't waste my time playing the game.  I don't think I'll ever play another Final Fantasy game again.  The Final Fantasy train stops here.
I mean i've seen bad games but this is a new low for what was a great RPG.  Leave it as is, plus its much more frustrating.
As the title says this is the worst game of the year. There are some major flaws in the game that give it the 1/5. First of all the gameplay. Terrible, absolutely terrible. You run around using difficult controls, bad camera angles and even worse fighting sequences. Come on, if your gonna battle then battle. You have to stand there and get hit (just like all of the other FF's), then when you finally choose the attack you want to do you've already lost alot of life. Next, the voice acting. The worst I've ever seen (well, besides Sonic Adventure 2 Battle that is). And whats with the Charlie's Angel's theme? Three girls battling evil. Uh, Square Enix, thats already taken, but nice try. Trust me do not go for this title. It is a waste of your money. Instead of meaninglessly spending money on this title purchase Kingdom Hearts. Its less expensive and alot better.
DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this game for your PC.  It is marked down for a reason.  This game is causing all kinds of problems on many systems; go to UBISOFT.COM and read the PC forums.  You will find many people are in the same boat.  If you have a CDRW drive the game will not even install properly.  Even when I did get it to work (it was beautiful by the way) it froze my entire system and my computer is not even a year old.  I have a GEFORCE 4 card with updated drivers and it still crashed.  Save yourself the headache and get it for a gaming platform like XBOX; you spend a few extra bucks but it is worth it.  I couldn't return my copy so I sold it to some kid.  You have been warned!
Ubisoft incorporated the copy protection software knows as Tages into XIII. This is singlehandedly the worst copy protection known to man. It's so bad that if you have a CD-RW or DVD-RW drive in your computer, the installation of the game will most likely purposely defect itself towhere the game won't run. If you have CD or DVD burning software, or anything even related, or any virtual drives, the same will most likely happen; defective installation. The game's &quot;Minimum Requirements&quot; are a lie since they're so low, and you need brand-new, up-to-date drivers for all your hardware. Not only all that, but the game straight out doesn't like some CD/DVD-ROM drives and thus won't install properly, or even at all. Ubisoft support does nothing.After all this, you'd think they were protecting a really nice game. But, no. The game is riddled with bugs and crashes. Major bugs are commonplace, and the official forum is thriving with hundreds of user requests for bug/crash help. The game also spans 4 CDs (for no apparent reason - the game is very short) that seemingly randomly need to be changed (more copy protection). This leads to scratched discs you can't duplicate, thus you must buy the entire game again.The game is beautiful and mildly entertaining, albeit short, buggy, and contains terrible voice acting and a horrid saving scheme. That's if you can even get it to install! What a waste of money.Beware!
Jak II is suposed to be cool but it isnt. Its a babyish game that was supposed to be cool. I have no idea why its reated T. It should be E or lower. It is almost the exact same thing as Jak and Daxter. Dont buy it even if you liked Jak and Daxter.
Jak 2 has got to be the worst game I have ever played, it has horrible gameplay, storyline, graphics and it just is crappy! I hope you dont waster your money on it! (...)
The game's not hard. The developers just disabled the right thumb stick, which makes it a fustrating game... but not hard at all. And it's not the first time i've ever played a game where the developers disabled the right thumb stick, (ninja gaiden black, metro prime), thereby not allowing me to control the camera so that I could adequately play the game. The other platform game, (Sly Cooper), allowed me to move the right thumb stick "UP AND DOWN" so that I can effectively make jumps.  Jak 2 however, doesn't allow me to move the camera up and down, and this resulted in me making a lot of "BLIND JUMPS" which sent me back to the beginning of EVERY mission. The game also could have benifited from having a camara system that didn't get stuck a lot and follows the movements of Jak faster, weapons with lock on features, and the ability for the player to strafe around an enemy (like in the Zelda series).  The fights in the Zelda series were balanced enough in a fair but challenging way that made fighting all the monsters in that game fun.  In Jak 2 however, it was more of a chore to move through the game, and not all that much fun.Ok now, let me put the brakes on the bitching for a moment. Jak 2 is "not" a terrible game.  There are some fun and funny moments to be had in the game. The open world enviorments are great, the music is cool, the pretty much non-existant load times are fantastic, character graphics are good, the story is decent, and amist the many chaotic scenes in the game that involves you fighting in various places and moving through the city, there's no slow down.  And, most importantly, since I only paid $7.76 for this game, I don't really have too many complaints. So the game does have a lot of good points about it.Even though I beat both Jak 1 & 2, (hooray for me and everyone else in the world that did beat them. I have Jak 3 and im going to play that one soon), my only wish was that the developers had allowed me the abiliity to move the right thumb stick "up and down." Games are supposed to be, (first and foremost) fun. They can be challenging, annoying, difficult, and enemies can be redicilously powerful or whatever.  I really don't mind being taken down by an enemy or a boss in a game. However, I feel that I should have a fair chance of fighting against any enemy in any game.  Disabeling the camera stick in any way that makes it annoying for me to "SEE" what im supposed to be fighting in the game is not fair, and this is what makes Jak 2 waayyyy more fustrating to play than fun.So... in order for me to lift my review past 1 star and recomending any Jak & Daxter game to anyone, if any of the creators of the game is reading this review, I want to see YOU play "ALL" of the missions in Jak 2 "WITHOUT DYING ONCE ON ANY ONE OF THEM." ( since I died on them all and had to replay them all, YOU have to survive them all, without replaying them). Show me how it's "expertly" and "professionally" supposed to be done. If I see you do this, then I will lift my review to 5 stars, buy all the other Jak & Daxter games, you'll have my utmost respect as competent game programers and designers, my sincere and deepest apology for bashing your game a bit.... and... i'll buy you all a cookie.
Jak and Dexter was a darn good platform game.  It was encompassing, awe inspiring, it had varied levels, it was pretty non-linear, the levels were lengthy yet doable.  It was basically a fun all around game.  So Jak 2 comes out, and they made a lot of changes, all for the worse.First off, I guess the marketing folks told the developers to emulate Grand Theft Auto 3.  Let me tell you, this does not work.  GTA had a living-breathing city that fit into the environment.  What does Jak 2 have?  It was a non-descript closed off city with hardly anything in it.  The worst is the movement throughout the city.  To go to a different a different part of the city, you need take this horrible "hover vehicle" that apparently can't hover beyond "up" or "down".  The movements of this vehicle are sluggish, slow, and uncontrollable, and the vehicle itself doesn't possess any subtlety.  Couple this with the fact that all the missions are clear cross the city, and the alleyways are small, and you've got one boring, annoying game.  I passed maybe 10 levels, and most of my time was spent hovering between those levels.Secondly, in GTA fashion, they decided to make it "gritty".  Oh geez, give me a break.  Who was begging for a cartoon platformer to be gritty?  Why does Jak need to cuss?  I don't mind it, but it serves no other purpose other than to alienate a chunk of potential gamers.  The "gritty" factor might have been an excuse as to why they could not re-produce the lush, varied environments that really made the first game.  Every level I played looked the same, either an indoor level or an outdoor level.Okay, so the environment and movement is no good, what about the missions you say?  Well, these missions are tedious missions and designed to be repeated over and over again.  Some of the missions are easy, but you basically go through the same jumps and enemies over and over again.  Many are difficult, made so that you have to die a few times, repeat what you just accomplished, just to die a little bit later.  While not hard, but if the missions were any fun, it wouldn't be so bad.Finally, the first game required you to reach a certain number of spheres for you to pass.  Whatever way you wanted to get them, you could.  This meant that if a mission was boring, not fun, or out of the way, you could skip and try something else.  This game pretty much is linear.  It's sort of de-evolution of video gaming right here.So, in short, what was once an original, fun, lush platform game now spawned a sequel which is no more than a badly designed conglomeration or random gaming ideas.Pros:Uhmm, I can't think of any.Cons:Pretty much linear.City is mundane.Environments unvaried, stale.Repetitive, tedious levels.Adult for no reason.Hover system is mind boggling bad.Difficulty: MediumFrustration Level: HighHours to complete (my estimate): 25 Hours
Well, Sony has done it again; they have made a completely horrific game, and I don't mean horrificly good, i mean horrificly bad.  PlayStation 2 is too choppy and the framerate is too slow to run a half-decent game.  They release SOCOM II, and Xbox releases Rainbow Six 3, and I know what you're gonna say: &quot;Rainbow Six 3 is on all 3 systems&quot;, well it's only actually GOOD on the Xbox.  No matter what Sony tries, Microsoft will always be two steps in front of them.
Like a lot of other deceptions, this game is NOT for Windows XP. Baldur's Gate couldn't be programed by official company or fansite(as with Ultima) to run on XP.  It is not possible. The same could be said for Ultima Collecton which stated it was for windows 95 RIGHT ON THE BOX and doesn't run on that os.  Please put the correct OS for this game.Deception #2:  This game only contains what BG Saga contained, Baldur's Gate.  It is not an "Ultimate" Collection, so don't expect BG II or ToB. It is just another name for the same thing(and for bux) bottom line, if you have BG, stick with it and play it on your old windows 98 system that your so fortunate to own, don't mess with this! If you don't have BG(by now) then your too young to appreciate it!
I've been playing RTS games since Dune 2 came out, this is by far the worst example of an RTS I've ever played. It has the most tedious interface of any game... any program I've ever used. The entire challenge of this game is trying to control your units when the simplest commands are unavailable. Select all units? No, you can't, you simply cannot do it. Amazing. After 2 hours of playing this I threw it in the garbage.
this was an okay game. not one of the best racing games i played but it was alright. the graphics and scenry was cool though. but i wouldn't buy it.
I loved Halo on the Xbox. Truly the first or second best shooter on any platform. &quot;Half Life on the PC is the other contender&quot;. On my Multimedia super killer Dell wide screen notebook with the new Pentium M processor, Nvidia FX 5650 Go Video with 128 mb video RAM and 1 gig of main memory, Halo performance is abysmal.I figured the others who said this may have been a bit over the top. They werent! For Microsoft to have released this piece of drek is irresponsible in the extreme. It is the full Halo game and if you set to the higher resolutions, the scenery is Gorgeous, But, But, But!Unfortunately, even with virtually all the pretty video features turned off and resolution set down to an abysmal 800x600, the massive frame rate (and motion update) slowing (to as bad as less than 1 frame per second) that takes place whenever major scene motion occurs (especially in the middle of gunfights and always during in battle reloading). Make the game practically unplayable. I completed Halo on the Xbox in Normal and Heroic mode. But the PC version in standard mode is going to be a real challenge because the frame rate and sluggish mouse update are so bad. Really, Really Bad.There were things that could have been done to fix these issues before release, but lets face it with Halo2 looming, Microsoft had to dump it out here now to have any chance of selling it at all. Half Life works on the PC and has a truly excellent interface. They do use lower resolution figures and scenery, but the whole thing works together. Halo on the PC is on the other end of that spectrum.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, IT IS AWFUL! Go out and buy an XBox and get Halo for it. XBox Halo, alone is worth buying an XBox for. The only thing of value in the PC version is the Box it comes in.
But releasing it so late for the PC makes it an unworthy competitor to today's top FPS games like UT2003/Unreal 2, America's Army: Operations, the upcoming AA: Special Forces, and other FPS games.Halo multiplayer is also extremely flawed. In Blood Gulch, good banshee pilots will simply start spawn killing and the opposing team won't be able to get a foothold in the battle (CTF).Or worse, you have team killers who also ruin the fun.The banshee and warthog interface isn't what I expected.If they used the Descent engine for the Banshee, and Rallisport Challenge for the Warthog, then it'd be one heck of a game.Overall, it's not worth the money to buy this game since it's already 2 years old. Save your money for something up to date and more fun.
For the most part I enjoyed this game. I gave it a rating of 1 star to get your attention and to point out that this is only HALF a game. It offers both single player and online multiplay.If you love multiplayer games and have a broadband connection...this game is awesome. WARNING - Most of the Halo Multiplayer servers, groups and games I played were filled with immature 14 year olds that curse 4 letter words at you and accuse you of cheating all the time because they can't shoot straight. I prefer more mature surroundings!If you are looking for a great single player experience...forget it.First of all the graphics are pretty...but dated. Look at UT 2003 on a high end vid card and compare it to Halo. Halo is bland, the levels are redundant. The outside levels are pretty but nothing impressive.Even on the hardest settings this game is way too scripted, the enemy AI is pathetic and predictable. It is not intelligent AI. All the programmers did was setup scripted actions and triggers to generate hoardes and hoardes of enemies to come at you at set intervals as you proceed through a level.Want to beat them easily? Say your in a level exploring...just walk slowly until you trigger some enemies to appear, back track a bit for protection and keep your back to a wall. Kill the enemies as they approach, then step back to where you triggered the enemies, see if you can trigger more and repeat these instructions until you are clear. Proceed and investigate further until you trigger more enemies. Repeat this strategy throughout the level and the rest of the game.If you get into a heated, heavy battle, just use cover...pop out, shot some aliens and duck again. They almost never pursue you. Only the weird, mutants chase you. Just shotgun them. Nice and simple.There are some tiny little parasite style aliens that are more annoying than dangerous. Don't waste your ammo on them, just let them crash into your shield, let your shield recharge and proceed. PIECE OF CAKE. I walked through this game on the hardest settings, without breaking a sweat, the AI is disappointing. Not horrible, but very PREDICTABLE.Online Multiplay is where this game shines...the weapons are so-so...but having vehicles to drive around is a blast.If you are thinking of buying this title...I would wait. February 3rd, 2004 is the release of Unreal Tournament 2004.************ Unreal Tournament 2004 **********It has vehicles, awesome weapons, a huge online following and BOT AI that will bring you to your knees. I have sampled the beta versions of it and all I can say is WOW!!!!!!!!!!!
Review update  1/23/13So I had the Two Towers game for Gamecube back when it first came out in 2002 and I loved it, and played the ass out of it.  But by the time this one came out, I had either lost interest or couldn't be bothered to spend money on buying it.Where the previous game was smooth, streamlined, and somewhat tempered in its hacking n slashing so that hacking and slashing half a dozen opponents was overwhelming yet rewarding in a way that some hack n slashes do with half a hundred opponents in the same time.  It had the original voice actors playing themselves, even unlockable interviews with them talking about it and their recording.  It even had incentives to replay levels using each character over again.Nine years later, I returned to the games, and played this one.Everything about the previous game that was good seems to be completely and thoroughly wasted or rendered useless in this game.The graphics are somewhat improved for the characters, but the drab color scheme (a questionable decision given that this game covers more areas and different characters) and stunningly awful enemy designs mean that while you could easily discern Orcs from Goblins from Uruk-Hai, including the big orcs who were like Uruk-Hai, and the incredibly annoying Uruk-Hai with no shirt who would always knock you down with his one-handed sword, in this game you can almost never tell the difference (if there even is any) between the various types of Orc.Adding to the monotony of the color is perhaps the most mind-numbingly awful methods of ramping up gameplay difficulty from the previous game.  Virtually every bad game design decision that could be implemented here was implemented;- The camera positioning is hideous and you frequently end up being unable to see your own character for long periods of time, or running headlong against the side of the screen, only to be suddenly attacked at the last moment by a horde of enemies you were apparently charging straight into blindly.Some specific examples include the wall battle of Minas Tirith, a pretty blatant copy of the wall battle of Helms Deep from the previous game, only this time with you as Gandalf and with constant annoying little secondary objectives that give the enemy far too much time to swarm the wall, such as rushing to catapults to fire on enemy siege towers, despite them ALREADY HAVING TEAMS OF MEN AT THE CATAPULTS FULLY CAPABLE OF PULLING THE SWITCH TO FIRE.  The camera angling is so terrible that you can never actually see the staircase you're supposed to walk up to find the catapults.  The game never even hints how you get to them, and it was literally only dumb luck that I found the camera shifted when I reached a certain blind spot, showing me these stairs.Another horrendous example comes when Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli arrive on Pelennor Fields, and must go through a gauntlet of taking out Oliphaunts one at a time.  Aside from the afore-mentioned face-palming stupidity exercise that this is, the game constantly goes to cut scene to show you the arrival of each and every single new Oliphaunt, as well as the Witch-King arriving, thus leaving your character frozen in place while random Uruks and Eastern Men swarm your position; if you had virtually no health (and you almost certainly will) you pretty much instantly die as soon as the cutscene is done.  And the way the cutscene is shot makes it difficult to tell which side of a massive canyon you should be on in order to shoot at the Oliphaunt.- Ridiculous difficulty levels involving health and damage.  At the very least for this game, you can purchase combo and weapon upgrades that apply to ALL characters rather than you own, with a discount to offer incentive toward this while having a need to keep upping your best characters to meet future challenges.  Despite this, difficulty isn't raised by having smarter opponents or tougher battles, but simply by lowering your health drastically and lowering your weapon damage drastically, then by doubling the amount of enemies thrown at you.Whereas the previous game's health bar was well balanced with its green for good, yellow for mildly damaged, orange for seriously damaged, and red for near-death, and a good player almost always managing to keep yellow or better, no amount of skill will keep players from spending more than half the time in red health, bordering on dying.  This wouldn't be so frustrating if not for the fact that the game seemingly doesn't expect this, and thus has the health bar constantly FLASHING at the bottom of the screen when you're in red.This is exacerbated by incredibly bad combos.  Despite using some of the same button sequences as the previous game, combos here are poorly executed, with some of the most important ones being so slow in execution that they only work against an opponent one on one; if there is a second opponent, he need only shove you roughly to completely break the combo and send you staggering back.  This means combos are as likely to fail as they are to work properly, and even worse, don't do enough damage to kill most of the time; when there's few, if any combos that allow for sweeping attacks or splash damage, knocking one opponent down for a second before moving on to another is just as much a waste of time as simply mashing A repeatedly, with the exact same results achieved.At the very least, you can block attacks with your attack instead of having to press B constantly (though this works best).  And even worse is being knocked down; unlike the previous game, when you're knocked down by ANYTHING (be it a gargantuan Orc champion, a troll, or a dog-sized spider) you stay down for 3 full seconds, unmoving, and take another 2-3 seconds just getting up.  In the midst of fast-hack-n-slash gameplay, particularly in the Pelennor Fields where 6 seconds is long enough to miss your chance to kill the Oliphaunt and spook the Witch King away from Merry and Eowyn, this is deadly, not to mention a colossal waste of time with regards to action.  I cannot even imagine how this decision to make rising such a sluggish action was considered and implemented unless there's a future upgrade to speed up rising time (though about 50% of the way into the game, it's not anywhere to be seen).- Long-winded missions with multiple sub-objectives and poorly spaced out checkpoints.This section alone topples the entire game, in my opinion.  It is absolutely gamebreaking and the true definition of "an exercise in face-palming stupidity"The Two Towers' missions were typically lengthy, with frequent checkpoints and clear-cut objectives, like "Kill 40 Uruk-Hai, run this way to protect Frodo, kill 10 Uruk-Hai, kill Uruk boss", it was mostly about rushing through maze-like levels, killing, doing stuff, killing, and boss fights.Here, they implement so many sections that in some cases bring the gameplay to a screeching halt so you can try and fail over and over to figure out their completely pointless little puzzle section, or try and fail over and over as they throw complicated objectives on top of being swarmed by hundreds of opponents.Some of the absolute worst examples include:Samwise in Shelob's lair.  There are little sections that serve absolutely no purpose except to waste time, in which Sam has to pick up a conveniently placed torch and throw it in the middle of a pile of little spiders in order to clear them from his path.  Rather than just using it once or twice to teach us to use the Z button for interactions, they implement it as a primary level feature, and there's literally one section where you have to do it three times in a row to reach a locked door, only to realize YOU HAVE TO DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN GOING BACK WHERE YOU STARTED in order to climb up past ANOTHER series of spiders and torches.The Big Three in the Ghost lair.  More than once, you're forced to button-mash the Z button to turn a wheel that lowers a bridge while ghostly archers shoot at you, balancing between deflecting their arrows and working on the bridge.  Not only is this so easy that you could just stand there as half the arrows simply glitch past you due to piss-poor collision detection, but sometimes a cutscene showing the bridge lowering wastes several seconds.Other times, the game simply demands ridiculously over the top objectives and gives you literally nothing to work with.  In these circumstances, even lowering the difficulty does nothing to change the impenetrable grind in some of these levels.  The design is not one of any sort of challenge or skill or talent, but literally face-palming stupidity and repetition until you finally overcome the odds by sheer statistics.  It's the very action of the saying "the definition of insanity is doing the exact same thing over and over and expecting different results".  And unlike the previous game, your allies are completely and utterly useless; they will never ever successfully kill more than one enemy in the time you've taken out five or six or more and moved on.  Sometimes they won't even attack, but just stand still in front of an enemy until that enemy decides to ignore them and attack you.Some of the worst offenders include the aforementioned level in the Ghost cave, where you inexplicably have to fight some ghosts.  Random rocks will burst out of the ground, blocking your progress until you defeat a bunch of ghosts somehow.  As well, if you get too close to the ghosts, they can pretty much insta-kill you, sending you right the hell back to the start of the level or the start of the checkpoint.  There's literally nothing you can do to avoid this but try again and do the exact same thing over again.Similarly, the aforementioned Pelennor Fields gauntlet of "I have to do everything because everyone else is too effing stupid" tasks, in which to start, you have to kill 60 east men, but not Orcs.  I specifically say not Orcs, because they don't count towards the 60, and because there's as many of them on the field as there are east men.  Why east men only instead of Orcs, no effing idea why, since the overall objective means you could be fighting wild deer or gremlins or inanimate objects and the result as well as the task would be exactly the same; killing these 60 eastermen doesn't matter at all; the respawn infinitesimally and after you finish this pointless objective, you move on to the real mission.And this "warm up" isn't even vital to the actual mission; you could literally just run past the field and set up camp on the cliffs overlooking the canyon where the Oliphaunts spawn, but the combination of pointless objective and incredibly awful camera angling means you're literally lost in the fray and have no idea where to even go once you've finished the objective.And the sheer number of Orcs and East Men spawned and thrown at you in this phase makes it so difficult that it should be in some way relevant; I've died and had to restart so often in this spot, I could have finished entire levels of this same long-winded game in the amount of time I spent dealing with flimsy combos which left me wide open to attack by the 50,000 other enemies surrounding me, being knocked over long enough for another 50,000 to trample me, and spending so much time with red blinking health on the brink of death while mashing B to block 50,000 blades all attacking me that I could reach Perfect Mode two times over just from the blocks, and have no avenue open to even attack anyone!  ALL of those events (aside from the obvious number exaggeration) happened to me in this one effing level!!!And the punchline is; this isn't the first time you're put in such a situation.  An earlier level has the exact same setup; you randomly thrown into a random spot of battlefield with endless swarms of Orcs spawning on you, and half an hour spent blocking and killing them by the score, with no end in sight, and no mission objective in sight.  Unlike the Pelennor Fields one where you at least saw it would end after killing 60 East Men, this level (forgot which) had NO such objective, and NO clue or insight into what you were supposed to be doing!IF you survived long enough, the mission would end up failing anyway because apparently you were supposed to go and rescue someone while fighting through the Orcs.  This WOULD have made sense if the Orcs were actually IN BETWEEN YOU AND THE THING YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO REACH.  Instead, they're literally on the EXACT OPPOSITE SIDE, so the way to complete this objective is not to fight your way through the Orcs, but to COMPLETELY IGNORE THEM AND RUN AWAY.  And you only learn this AFTER being killed half a dozen times or having the mission abruptly fail with absolutely no explanation as to why.Back to the Pelennor Fields level, another layer of insanity/stupidity comes with the Witch King; he randomly appears to fly over Eowyn and Merry and apparently do nothing.  They take damage, but the Witch King neither attacks them nor shoots arrows or spears or magic at them.  You're supposed to shoot arrows at him to make him fly away.  Not only does this occur while the Oliphaunts still come (and taking them down is a tedium all in itself) but if the Oliphaunts make it to Eowyn and Merry, you instantly fail the mission, and the amount of time it takes to move from different locations and fire off arrows means that there are some cases where it is genuinely not possible to win the mission, because you missed out by a second or less getting up after being knocked down, and either the Witch King or an Oliphaunt kills Merry and Eowyn.And making it even more catastrophically infuriating is that Orcs and East Men KEEP SPAWNING THIS WHOLE TIME and they KEEP rushing at you to attack you!  So sometimes you don't even need to be just a bit too slow; you could be distracted by them rushing you, wasting your time, while the Oliphaunt trudges closer, or the Witch King kills off Eowyn and Merry.And this literally happens to me every time: When I try to target the Witch King to shoot arrows at him, ONE enemy soldier spots me and rushes at me... and my bow's targetting targets HIM instead of the Witch King, and thus far I've found absolutely nothing short of completely putting the bow away and killing him that will serve to take the bow's aim OFF the goddamn bat and ON the goddamn Witch King.At this rate, it seems impossible for the game to present anything that could lift it out of this mad mess of pointless wall-banging repetition and stupidity.  It's become for me the go-to guide on how not to make an action game.  Despite the playable gameplay elements for hacking and slashing, unless you want to move past stage 1, you're SOL.
Dont even rent Mario Kart: Double Dash. It is really boring. All the Mario Karts are the same. Im sick of Mario. He should die already. Dont buy it.
I preordered this game and took it back a week after I got it.  The story is contrived and the gameplay is unfriendly.  My friends swore it was better when you played with others, but I found myself just as bored.  I especially didn't like using the Gameboy Advance with it; the GameCube controller is much more comfortable.  On the plus-side, the sound and graphics are decent, but that doesn't make a game, however.
My bias is that from a Final Fantasy fan.  Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles is NOT a Final Fantasy game.  It doesn't even come close to the Legend of Zelda in terms of action/adventure.  It is a waste of time, space, energy, and money.  All together.I made the regretful mistake of putting this product on my Amazon Wish List when it first came out.  After testing it at stores and reading about it, I quickly realized the game was cheese.  I forgot, however, to remove it from my Wish List.  My brother and sister bought it for me for my birthday one year!  Aye yie yie!So because of the $50 they scrounged together in my honor, I figured I'd give the game a thorough shot.I couldn't take it anymore by the time I got to the second level.  It was atrocious.  I felt sorry for the Final Fantasy name and for my relatives for dropping the cash.Enough of the emotional banter.  Let me try to give an analytical review of this game.First of all, it does not meet the definition of a classic role-playing game.  (Within the last couple of years, however, I have noticed "RPG" taking on a new meaning.  Now it means simply playing as someone else.  Grand Theft Auto, for example, is now classified as an RPG.)  But with today's loose definition of "RPG," you can call it that, I guess.  But I grew up with real RPGs, like Dragon Warrior, the Final Fantasy titles, Lufia, Breath of Fire, etc.  (These were all turn-based RPGs.)Second, FF:CC does not develop your characters sanely.  Sorry, but whoever programmed this atrocity embarrassed the genre of action/adventure.Third, I recommend you boycott any GameCube title that requires the use of the Game Boy Advance to play multiplayer.  It is asinine to expect people/kids to pay money for such an inconvenient, expensive, and improper method to simply play with your friends.Lastly, this game is best suited for gamers who do not like real RPGs but prefer an action game with unique challenges in gameplay.  Yes, FF:CC is an action/adventure, but unlike most others, the gamer will simply have to learn this somewhat different style (it is more hack & slash than anything - the multiplayer functionality should have saved this game from a bad review, but it was disappointing at best).  But other than that, the game will offer essentially ZERO to true RPG gamers, especially those who love the Final Fantasy series.  Stay away from this game if you love Final Fantasy titles.
The game...is too boring for me. YOU DO THE SAME CRAP OVER AND OVER AGAIN!(And I hate repetitiveness! Especially in games.)This was the first final fantasy game I was expecting a grand adventure where I save the world but the only thing my character was worry about is protecting her village from the stupid poisonous misama. And hate that I have to stay in a little bubble so my health doesn't be effected.Here I am beating these monsters up for years (in the game) and there no progress, I'm going in circles because I can't go to the same place twice after I beat it, I have to wait until a couple years pass in the game. I was getting so pissed that I gave up and threw away the game in my closet to collect dust. Then a few years pass and I looked at a video of the game and I found out there's a freakin' final boss! (Which was hard for me to believe since the game doesn't make it obvious or conspicuous that there was one). The fighting gameplay, even a five year old can do it because all you do is press A.
This game is LAME!!! It should be called Final Fantasy: the Crystal Losers Chronicles.  all the final fantasy fans, expected a big game, and because Square Enix begins again making games for Nintendo, got all of the Final Fantasy Fans excited.  The game is totally lame, has a serious lack of story!!! Seriously!!!!! You get to pick the name of your town, your character, gender, etc, and then, your on your own, you meet other caravans(but nothing big) and you fight monsters,(SPOILERS)and when you fight the Final Boss, you discover that it's all based on memories,(END OF SPOILERS)and the end is a big piece of crap!The multiplayer version, it's the same, but you can play with your friends, and it's almost impossible to play, cause every player needs a nintendo advance, to play, and to do the spells is very hard!!I just hope that the sequel isn't as lame as this one!!
Alot of problembs with this game. The Storyline, battlestyle, movement, charachters, and play is VERY CONFUSING. I Seriously LOVED FFTactics, but this, this is just...no. You don't call this FF and let it go unnoticed. I used to be a dedicated FF fan, they all got booring though. Please, for everyone's sake, don't get hooked on the Final Fantasy series. You just waste your money and time. I suggest *Onimusha, Metal Gear Solid, or the Tenchu series*. They all have very good storylines and ALOT of in-your-face action. Anyways, FFT:A's graphics and music are the ONLY things I liked about it. Otherwise, I just plain disliked it.
I've already reviewed "Super Mario Bros. 3" elsewhere, with both the 8-Bit NES version and the "Super Mario All-Stars" version.  I don't want to spend a lot of time and space on "Super Mario Bros. 3" specifically, but instead focus on this port (which is based on the "Super Mario Allstars" version).  We all know "Super Mario Bros. 3" is a classic title.  So, let's dispense with the cursory introduction of "Super Mario Bros. 3".  Basically, this is just a copy and paste job from a short blurb I wrote in my 2004 review of "Super Mario All-stars"."SUPER MARIO BROTHERS 3: The best selling game ever released independently, SMB3 greatly expanded the Mario universe with the introduction of several new enemies, Bowser's children (who was the mother, I wonder? Godzilla's ex?), and introduced cool new suites for Mario to wear. The game play was more expansive than ever, with cool new secrets to discover and eight tremendously large worlds. This game laid the foundation for so many other plat-formers, especially SUPER MARIO WORLD. While SMB2 felt like a weird detour, SMB3 took Mario back to the atmosphere or the original game, taking it a thousand different directions, and coming up with one of the best games ever developed. Although there were a few tweaks for the ALL STARS release (some levels got a few more coins to make it easy to access game secrets), like the other games this is tremendously faithful to the original NES release. That alone makes this essential playing"To further elaborate, there are a few cosmetic changes, but this is largely the All-stars port of "Super Mario Bros. 3" that we all know and adore.  Ok, we all love SMB3?  It's an eternal classic, etc, etc. Best game on the NES. Yada yada.  Everyone on the same page?  Good.Now, let's get to the problems of "Super Mario Advance 4", and yes, there are problems.  Well, one problem anyway.  And it's a BIG problem.  It's a little selling point called e-Reader compatibility.  What's so great about e-Reader cards you ask?  Well, I'm glad you asked.e-Reader cards features new content than can be added to pre-existing games.  In the case of "Super Mario Bros. 3", there were three specific types: Power-ups (which uploads specific items into Mario or Luigi's inventory list and can be used an unlimited amount of times), Demo Cards (which showed Mario speed-running, collecting enough coins to unlock a blue Toad House, or doing infinite 1-Up tricks - essentially, the hint videos of "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" six years before), and, wait for it . . . New Levels.Yes, you read right.  New levels.  Yes, Nintendo made NEW LEVELS to "Super Mario Bros. 3", and a whole new world called, appropriately enough, "World-e".  Note, these are not the 15 inaccesible levels embedded in the original NES "Super Mario Bros. 3" code. Nintendo released ten levels in Japan, the PAL reigion, and America, with two different series.  Fantastic, eh?  Awesome?No, not really.  In fact, as a Mario can you just feel cheated.  Why?  Well, for one, although Japan frequently gets exclusive content, Nintendo released a full TWENTY TWO additional new levels in Japan only, because (again, wait for it) . . . Nintendo discontinued the e-Card readerSo, what's frustrating here?  Mainly, Nintendo made THIRTY THREE NEW LEVELS (which, to put in perspective, is over a third of the original game, as "Super Mario Bros. 3" has 88 levels total), plus five re-made levels in "Super Mario Bros. 3" style of "Super Mario Bros.".  These were levels 1-1, 1-2, 1-3, 1-4, and 2-1.  Also, in homage to "Super Mario World" there are five new coloured switches which effect gameplay in different ways, but again only were released in Japan.Although many think Boomerang Mario first appeared in "Super Mario 3D Land", actually he first appeared in these one-off levels on the e-Cards, but (with only one exception, "Slidin' the Slopes", where you can use a boomerang on that one level only, just like Goomba's Shoe on 5-3) no one outside of Japan got to play as Boomerang Mario.  2/3s of the e-cards appeared only in Japan.Another problem with the e-Cards?  In World-e, there are three mushroom houses, each featuring three specific mini-games.  To unlock these mushroom houses, you must get Advance Coins found in the new levels (a precursor to the Star Coins of the "New Super Mario Bros." series).  But here's the kicker.  Outside of Japan, there's only enough coins to access ONE of these three mini-games, because there's not enough currency in the ten levels that Nintendo actually did release to unlock the other two.In Europe, the gamers got screwed even worst than the Americans, with the e-Card functionality completely disabled, inaccessible through normal gameplay.For Mario fans, this is beyond disappointing.  Nintendo put so much effort into new content, and yet do to poor implementation the majority of gamers will not get to experience these fantastic levels.  The e-reader was also a failure, so the cards weren't available for very long anyway.  Had all this new content been released in the game proper, "Super Mario Advance 4" would be the definitive port of "Super Mario Bros. 3"; as it stands, there is only a vague sense of disappointment and incompletion for those who know about the new content.These are the true Lost Levels in the Mario universe, still commercially unreleased and widely difficult to play legitimately.  Note that the original "Super Mario Bros." had 32 levels.  These lost levels are 32 in number, along with three bonus levels and five remade levels.In the NES days that would be a full-length Mario title!  Why oh why Nintendo????..-----Released Levels Outside of Japan:1.  Wild Ride in the Sky (Included with the game) (Japanese: Sky Athletics!)2.  Slidin' the Slopes (Series 1) (Japanese: A Slope Slide!?)3.  Vegetable Volley (Series 2) (Japanese: Bulldoze Your Way Through Vegetables!)4.  Doors o' Plenty (Series 1) (Japanese: Spinning Labyrinth in the Ghostly Mansion!)5.  Bombarded by Bob-ombs (Series 2) (Japanese: A Bomuhei Army!)6.  Magical Note Blocks (Series 1) (Japanese: Jump Upon the Musical Blocks!)7.  The ol' Switcheroo (Series 2) (Japanese: Gold Rush!!)8.  Piped Full of Plants (Series 1) (Japanese: Full of Pakkun Flowers)9.  Swinging Bars of Doom (Series 2) (Japanese: Slip Through the Firebars!)10.  Para Beetle Challenge (Series 2) (Japanese: Look Out For the Patametto)Other: *01 Classic World 1-1 (Series 1)Other: Airship's Revenge (Wal-Mart exclusive) (Japanese: Airship's Revenge! ())Switches and Exclusive Levels:1.  Blue Switch (1-Up Mushrooms Become 3-Up Moons)2.  Yellow Switch (Gives Luigi his flutter jump in the main game.)3.  Green Switch (Slows down the timer.)4.  Cyan Switch (Quickly-filling P-Meter)5.  Red Switch (Replaces the enemies with harder ones and points received from killing enemies are doubled.)M11 Onpu Burokku de Asurechikku! (Athletic with Note Blocks!)M12 Hikosen wa Tomaranai! (The Airship's Unbearable!)M13 Kori no Chika de Oawate! (Excitement Under the Ice!)M14 Tanuki Sustu no Himitsu (The Tanuki Suit's Secret)M15 Henshin Mario de Tsukisusume!! (Keep Going by Transforming Mario!!)M16 GO!GO! Kutsu o Haite GO! GO! (With Boots On, GO! GO!)M17 Ta-kun ni Ki o Tsukero (Be Careful of Bumpty)M18 Kori no Toride (Ice Fortress)M19 Sabaku no Paipu Meiro (Desert Pipe Labyrinth)M20 To no Ue kara Kakenukero!! (Break Through the Top of the Tower!!)M21 Toride o Kakenukero!! (Escape the Fortress!!)M22 Ropu o Nobotte Asurechikku (Rope-climbing Athletics!)M23 Obake Yashiki wa Nazo Darake! (The Ghostly Mansion of Mystery!)M24 Manto de Ozora o Tobe (Fly the Skies on a Mantle!)M25 Hotte! Hotte! Horimakure!! (Dig! Dig! Dig Through!!)M26 Umi no Naka wa Kiken de Ippai! (The Ocean is Full of Danger!)M27 Kakushi Kuppa Jo (Hidden Bowser's Castle)M28 Kokuppa ni Damasareru na! (Don't Mess With the Koopalings!)M29 Kuppa no Hikosen Zenpen (Koopa's Airship Part 1)M30 Kuppa no Hikosen Kohen (Koopa's Airship Part 2)Bonus: Charenji!! Togetoge Toride (Challenge! Togetoge Fortress)Bonus: B Dasshu de Kakenukero! (Break Through With B-Dash!)SMB Remake Classic World 1-2SMB Remake Classic World 1-3SMB Remake Classic World 1-4SMB Remake Classic World 2-2One of the most frustrating episodes in Mario's storied history
just stop with these games, they've sucked forever, this one is just too hard and cheesy. die mega man or x or zero or whatever the main character is now.
ever since i was about 5 years old, megaman has been my favorite videogame. I started wih megaman 7 and was instantly hooked! As the series went on it was nearing its peek. meg man X was insanely good, great powerups, and o so much mroe to collect, as was X2, and especially the ultra rare, 125 dollar X3. The trnslation to the next gen consoles is usually the ultimate down fall of great side scrolling, old school shooter, and this is no exception. Megaman had some undoubtedly rough spots, what with megaman legends, and megaman 64, things were really looking down. Then capcom graced us with megaman X4, good ol' side scrolling fun, and megaman was good again for a brief shining moment. Then again the quality began to slip with X5 and 6, and X7 is definately the low point.the problem with this game is that megaman was never meant to be a 3D expierience, it just doesnt work. The game has terrible controls, average graphics, and infuriates you past the point of caring anymore. Megaman should frusterate you, but before it fueled you to do better, now it just pisses you off and causes a lot of broken controllers. The megaman anniversery edition just came out, and is an excellent old school finger numbing smash! It features behind the scenes videos, sketches, and even the original TV commercials for megaman 1 through 8, which are available for play, plus 2 Japan only boss rush modes, try that instead, you won't regret it!
Where to begin on this review of one of my top 5 worst Mega Man Games of all time. Okay, for those who know nothing about the series, it's a sub series in the Mega Man franchise. The sub-series began on the Super Nintendo (or Super Famicom in Japan) which is considered not only one of the best Mega Man games of all time but also one of the best games on the system. 2 more came out (along with Mega Man 7 and Mega Man Soccer, which is not part of the X series) and then eventually went on to the 32 bit era (Sony Playstation and Sega Saturn, as Capcom didn't care for Nintendo's N64 console) and released X4. The graphics were redone but were still in 2D and along with that were cinemas and voice acting. Of course we can forget about voice acting as it was still very bad. Later, in 2001, X5 came out and the gameplay was the same but a few different things were added. X6 came out a year later and this was the final X game to come out for the PSone (Sega's Saturn had only X4 due to being a failure). People were displeased with X5 and X6 due to "unupdated" gameplay and difficulty level. Then This... This game came out. When I first played it I was excited to play a new X game because the X games were actually my favorite games of all time. I played through this disaster and my heart was shattered into a million tiny pieces. First of all, you can't play as X... hold on a second, you can't play as X! I later found out why Capcom did this and it was because it was part of the story as X didn't want to fight anymore so you play as Zero and AXL (Why did they make this character? he sucks!). The gameplay was way too weird for my tastes and the boss battles were just terrible. Go on YouTube and look up the gameplay and boss battles for more info. I only played this game once but playing it just once told me to never ever play this disgrace again. Hear Me Out: AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!
This game is awful. Very bad graphics by a first person shooter. Ugly, bland enviroments with bad atmosphere. Seems they went bachward from the first one. They now added a multiplayer mode witch is essential to a good FPS, tobady is sucks. I never understood what was going on and it is easy to get lost in the jugle witch all looks the same to me. Get red faction 2 instead. Did't live up to the standard as the first one and is a huge disappointment.
I bought this when it was first released for the PS2.  I had high expectations due to its predecessor, Medal of Honor Frontline.  This game was a huge disappointment to say the least.  You start out sleeping in a bunk below deck on a naval ship in Pearl Harbor.  The Japanese attack, and you need to get to the top of the ship and fight them off while you escape.  So, the beginning of this game is not too bad, and I was mildly interested in the gameplay.  Then things went downhill.  I can sum it up with one sentence:  Before I knew what was happening, I was done with the game.  Yes, that is right:  this game is so short it is not even worth the $ price tag.  I beat it in about 7 hours, and that includes taking bathroom breaks and eating meals.Summary (out of 10)Graphics: 5Controls: 5Story:  3Gameplay: 2Overall:  3If you want a good military shooter, try Return to Castle Wolfenstein or Medal of Honor Frontline.  Medal of Honor Rising Sun is not worth the time it takes to get the shrinkwrap off.
my god, it's amazing how overrated some games can be.supposedly the "best" bond game.. and i love bond, i love FPS action games, surely i would love this game, right?!  wrong.things start off looking fun... oh, a nice little tutorial to teach you cool moves.  cool weapons.  but things immediately reveal themselves to be terrible.  you repel down a wall..  then you have about 6 guys shooting at you from all sides.  but uh oh, their bullets are apparently much stronger than yours!  and there's no health to be found anywhere!  wait, you're telling me bond packed all these incredible technological tools in his backpack, AND HE DOESN'T BRING ANY MED KITS??? jesus christ, you must be joking.  that wouldn't be a problem if surviving wasn't nearly IMPOSSIBLE.  and remember, this is just the FIRST part.  you have more parts to complete after this, while TRYING to stay alive.ok, so let's say you're a wonderful gamer and you DO survive.  so what?  the shooting action is BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING.  press a button to auto aim your enemy.  pull the trigger.  that's it!  no aiming at all!  just pushing a button.  wow.  this is what games have become?  give me a break.  i've played great FPS games on PC like call of duty and half-life 2, and this doesn't cut it, at all.  besides, who decided that bond is supposed to be some superman with a pistol anyway??  isn't he supposed to be more of a spy than rambo?
This game is terrible in every way possible.  The graphics actually take a step backward from the first Deus Ex.  The RPG element that was so great in the first game was hacked into pieces for this game, making it nearly unplayable.  The plot is perhaps one of the worst I have ever encountered.  The maps are small, which means very little exploring.Overall, this game is not worth the box it comes in.  I am very disappointed that Eidos would slap together a game like this and unleash it on the public.  Shame on you Eidos.  We know you are capable of so much more!Deus Ex Invisible War = Terrible = Buy Deus Ex Game of the Year Edition.
138$ for this lame, boring, annoying game??? I hope no one is dumb enough to pay that price.  The Sims 2 is just as boring, stupid, pointless and annoying as the first one.  Lets simulate going to work, raising a family, eating, using the bathroom wow what a game.  I play games to get away from reality for a few hours not to simulate it.....my god go and cook your dinner, pay your bills, go to work and have some kids....you just played sims.  LAME!!!
I am so disappointed not only on Virtua Fighter 4, but now even on this piece of waste. The graphics have improved alot, but Tekken 4 still has graphics far beyond better than thos game.Why does it take time to get off the ground? The game should have fast gameplay to get right off the ground.It as a mistake to make this game. I think now Virtua Fighter 5 will be even worse because Sega may be running out of ideas. With everything Sega used to make this game, they should have saved for Virtua Fighter 5.
graphics are above average, but this game didn't grab my attention like gilty gear X2. It seems so normal and the fighting is just awful compared to gilty gear X2. get that instead. I hate fighting games with no weapons and this is no different. After playing it, I wondered why it got such great reviews. It just bad. the fighting seams robotic and slow.
i am 16 hours into this game, and was very close to finishing. i enjoyed it a lot up to this point. but i cannot recommend this game to anyone, and i can only hope to steer clear any that try and buy this. after completing the slaughterhouse i went back to iris hq. funny thing is i was able to walk through double hh, which i thought was odd because he was usually in the way. well that's the last i saw of him. he never appeared again so i can't finish the game. [...]
Whatever you do, do NOT buy this game!  The elevator battle towards the end of the game is the most poorly designed aspect in recent memory.  After more than 20 tries, I just couldn't beat it.  Whenever that happens, you know that a game is fatally flawed.Let's break it down, shall we?  You encounter this elevator battle about 80% into the game, and you're stuck in it with Farah trying to slay hordes of monsters.  You not only have to stay alive yourself, but you also have to make sure that Farah doesn't die (an impossible feat).  If you don't die, she does; and if she doesn't die, you eventually do.  It's a lose-lose situation, especially within the confines of such small a space.There are fountains on either side of the raised area within the elevator, but do you think you can use them to restore your life during the battle?  NO!  That's flaw number one.  Number two:  the camera angles are AWFUL.  Every single time at some point(s) in the battle, the camera would move behind a curtain, thereby obstructing your view and leaving you open to needless attack.  Three:  this game has HORRIBLE jumping mechanics.  Where you want the prince to jump, he jumps the other way.  Performing precise wall-run attacks during this battle is near impossible to execute on point each time.  Then, vaulting over enemies doesn't work all the time either.  Because of these facts, this game is poorly designed and fatally flawed.DO NOT BUY!
This game is really bad and hard.  You start as a rancher, but making money is very hard, you have to marry raise kids, like in real life, but it's not as it sounds, it's boring,cause you have to do everything all the time. Bottom line Don't buy it, if you haven't played the other ones
Game doesn't work.  Light scratches my butt.  So yeah sucks for me I guess.  At least I can use the game as a coaster.
It's just another Mario Party game. There aren't any high expectations for it. All I expect from this is a mediocre virtual board game with lousy graphics and boring sound. And that's just what Mario Party 5 is. I rate this game 37/100.
I'M NOT VERY FOND OF THIS GAME FOR MANY,MANY REASONS.HERE ARE SOME OF THEM1.STUPID COUSES.2.LACK OF MODES!3.LACK OF MINIGAMES!4.LACK OF CHARACTERS!5.EASY COMPETTITON!THOSE AREN'T EVEN ONE THIRD OF MY COMPLANTS.
Not worth the time or the money.....I bought this after playing Far Cry III, and it was a mistake.  FCIII is a great game but this one does nothing worth talking about.
Decided to give Far Cry a chance, now that I bought a new computer ... read the conflicting reports on compatibility ... even went to UBI Software to see the "issues" with the game ... best I could tell; if you have virtual copying software the game won't run = WRONG ... I contacted Customer support and was told: "Far Cry will not run on CD-RW or DVD-RW drives ... I will need to install a basic CD drive" ... wasted $17 and now I'm wondering if Splinter Cell: Pandora's Tomorrow will run ... I'm not jumping through video game company hoops to play their games ... I'll buy another FPS/RPG/RTS that works on my system "as it is" ... yes, a basic CD drive is cheap, but I'm physically disabled and not going to pay someone $50 to install a $20 part to play one game/one game company's product that cost $20(... I never pay $40-50 - I wait till the hype is over)
Just a friendly warning to all CDR/CDRW/DVDR/DVDRW drive owners.  UBI Soft as a "feature" on their PC software that prevents installation from any drive with write capacity.  Why they feel that will slow down a game cracker, and why they don't mind blowing off an entire segment of the market, is entirely beyond me, but that's not the point here.  Call UBI Soft tech support BEFORE buying this or any other PC game from them, and check to make sure whether or not you will be able to install.  Software (such as Chessmaster 9000, to grab a random UBI product as an example) doesn't come with a warning on the box (in "some" cases, they claim -- I haven't found a single box that does), nor is there a warning on the Amazon product pages (short of reviews like this).  One could speculate that they're perfectly happy to let people buy their software knowing some won't be able to install it, but I'll leave their motivation to give no warning to consumers to your imagination.UBI Soft's tech support has said that this "feature" extends to *all* of their PC titles.  So fair warning, particularly to folks with laptops where DVD/CDRW drives came standard, ask before you buy.  Perhaps if enough people have a problem with this flawed policy, UBI will smarten up.  "Flawed" because limiting installs to drives without write capacity isn't going to slow a determined game cracker/pirate down, it's only going to prevent normal consumers from being able to install the game.  Worse, they don't find out until they've opened the package and tried to install, which in some cases is enough to prevent a return and refund from the seller.I'm certain this game deserves more than 1 star, and suspect it will see some good reviews from people who are able to install, but I can't give it more than a single.  That's a commentary on UBI Soft and their "feature", not about the game itself.
First word of advice, game sucked really bad. Why the hell would you want to play some guy that kills people with gay little hoods......c'mon the storyline totally suxs. Ummm.....what was up with the static clips the whole time... i mean i know the camera is kinda well, yeah filming but this is a game not an old camera, and if it is then that is more of a reson not to buy this game. Everything sucked, camera angles, guns were ok but still, doesnt really make you want to kick sum ass, and well the worst thing that happened to me was that i was on the last level and i needed some help to figure out what i was suppossed to do (I guess it was the special moves) and i started a new game, knowing that my original save would still be there, and guess what happened? ALL my manhunt saves were deleted.Wow! fun game! If you like this to give it 5 stars, you havent played a real video game.
Ignore this game at all costs if you value winning. I cannot win ANY match on this stupid game. And how embrassing is it to be beat by someone named &quot;Hillbilly Jim&quot;??
This is the saddest excuse for a game I have ever seen. I did not want to spend any of my hard earned money watching fat men in tights hug eachother. Sorry but I just don't flow that way. Nevertheless for all the people who do I still do not recommend this game for these key reasons-1. The game lacks in storyline and shouldn't be set to standard with any other fighting game in the history of the gaming revolution2. The graphics and playline engine are near non-existent and makes you feel like your playing pong3. The game is way to pricey for its real value. The fact of the matter is, is that this game costs nothing whatsoever but even if I had the chance to get the game again for free I wouldn't. Thats how much it sucks!
Although I am not a fan of DOA's, Virtua Fighter's, Tekken's, and other "modern fighting games'" play mechanics, I was actually considering buying this game. I'm glad I rented it instead.This was supposed to be a remake of both Dead Or Alive 1 and 2 with upgrades. Instead, Dead or Alive Ultimate ends up as just another port. Sure it has extra outfits and stages and online play for those who can afford the excruciating monthly broaband fees, but it fixes none of the information problems in training mode, the characters are hard to control, and the optional English Language Dialogue that was in DoA 2 Hardcore for the PlayStation 2 has been stripped from the X-Box version.As for the Dead or Alive series in general, if I want confusing combo moves, I'll play one of those stupid dancing games. I hope this isn't the future of fighting games and that "Street Fighter" gameplay will come back again.
I saw this game and thought it might be fun, as I enjoy games like Ghost Recon; however, I was very disappointed.  There is not much you can do with this game unless you have X Box Live.  The single player missions are pretty boring and you will get tired of them within the first 15 minutes or so.  I don't have X Box Live, so I can not comment on the game play online.Pros:  None that I could see.  There are better first person  shooters out there.Cons:  Lack of game play offline.  Graphics were not the best and the IA was not very intelligent.Overall:  Try Ghost Recon, Rainbow Six, or some of the other Tom Clancy 1st Person shooters.
I want to make this review rather short. First, it's an easy to install Gamepad and looks very promising. You have the easy PS2 feel, dual-analog control pads, and a comfortable fit. You can install the drivers or not. It doesn't really make a difference because Windows will recognize it.The problem with this Gamepad is that it is not very durable. I bought and tested this controller with MVP Baseball 2005 & Need for Speed Underground 2. What happened is, I had to take the controller back 3 times to have it replaced because the analog sticks would give out or get stuck in a certain postion. Now, in MVP Baseball, for example, you need the right stick to dive/slide with. Well, the analog stick stuck to the right in 2 of them I tried, so that ends up leaving you to have automatic fielding because you can't get to the ball when the player is diving for no reason. With Need for Speed, I found that the 1 controller where the left analog stick went out, the cars were just out of control.There are many reviews online as I have found that confirm that Logitech never addressed this controllers issues. Even Tech. Support kept telling me I had just bought a bad controller when I called them on each one.Be aware, once the analog stick goes, whether it is 2 days or 2 months, you can't calibrate it. The GamePad is useless. I would suggest you go with Nyko's AirFlo Gamepad instead. I've had no problems with that one.
Remember that movie The fast and the furious.....Well think of that movie fused into a game and just as idiotic. This game is the lamest excuse for a racing game ever. I am the biggest NFS fan but this hits the all time low. It is surprising Electronic Arts could have ever thought up something this stupid. I was excited when the game first came out until realizing that it was nothing more then a cheap offshoot of lame racing films. The customizablity takes over the concept of the real racing and destroys the purpose of buying the game. Hey how about you buy a $50 game so you can customize cars all day...If I ever wanted to do that I would go work in a garage. Nevertheless I must give props to the graphics. Though nothing compared to Gran Truismo it hit the low time standards of PS2 racers. But if you are planing to buy a great racing game with customizable features and fun racing time DONT buy this game cause thats not what your going to get. Instead settle for a 2d nintendo racer cause this game really is all cut out for playing material.
It is an EXACT copy of Medal of Honor Allied Assault and the expansion packs that followed. Don't waste your money.They didn't even try to make it orginial. It is just the same old, scripted mission action repackaged.I enjoyed the game. I liked it...but I did not think it was worth my money.There are some new things that are nice...but that list is so short, it is still not worth $40 or $50!!!DON&quot;T BELIEVE THE HYPE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Download the demo or borrow a copy from a friend and TEST DRIVE it first people.If you like it...then buy it but don't rush out because of the overhyped 5 star votes in here!!!
Went and bought this for Xmas. Worked fine, then the next week, "Disc Read Error"? WTH?!!. Even though I read about this from other owners, I decided to take a chance. Never again. People poke fun at the older sytems, but my Playstation 1 has never, ever failed me, and I almost traded it in for this crap. My other older systems, such as the SNES, Genesis and N64 have performed well without any problems. I took this back and will stick with the ol' skool systems. But then again, I guess I'm not a "real" gamer until I own an XBOX or PS2, right? As for the reviewer who told the guy to get a brain because he said playstation 1 was better, why don't YOU get a life. People have their own preferences in what they like.
BOO(...)! PS2 sucks so bad its not even funny. i cant bielive you people would even look at one... wowXBOX:FableHaloHalo 2Mech AssultBurnout 3G-CUBE:Final Fantasy: The Crysatal ChronicalsMetroid primeMetriod Prime 2Viewtiful JoeViewtiful Joe 2it all good, except PS2!!!!
Hey guys if you are even considering the PS2, don't do it. Don't even think about it. The PS2 sucks so bad it's not even funny. It would be great if it were portable, but it's supposed to be a home console! Here I'll give you a list of things that a home console should have but the PS2 doesn't -=It should have really fun games.=Good multiplayer capabilities.=Great graphics.=Cheap acessories.The ps2 does none of these. And here's something else - DVD incompatibility. I looked it up and it seems there are about 150 popular dvds that the ps2 for some reason won't play at all!!! 150!! And here's the killer - 30 that won't work on XBox. Only thirty!! And that problem with the stupid thing overheating. One person claimed that he was even able to play for a whole hour without out it heating up! OOh a whole hour. Well guess what I played Halo on Xbox with my friends for an all nighter (12 hours straight without turning it off) and when we did decide to call it quits, I felt the xbox and it wasn't even warm.BEAT THAT YOU STUPID POS2!!!
Thanks for knocking the ever so creative Sega Dreamcast out of the water, Sony. You could have at least given us something good and not a clunky black box with DVD playback. You could have at least offered an online service like Xbox. You could have at least produced an outstanding library like on Gamecube. But no. You just have to scare Dreamcast away, crush Gamecube, and fight with Xbox. I have no idea how you do that with such an ugly mess that groans and never works. I hate you Sony.
Why a 1?a) The game is devoid of fun.b) You move about as fast as a crippled snail, even when running.c) The NPC's "talk" after you have concluded your text-based talking.d) The graphics may have been good about 5 years ago but they are just muddy and dull now.e) The game is open ended but as a result there is nothing really to do, and the land is so barren that you just get incredibly bored very fast.I now know why there is no demo for this game, if there were no one would buy it.BTW, some have argued that the "slowness factor" is a graphic/system problem but it is not.  Your "character" simply is exceedingly slow, there is little jaggies or system level slowness.  If you have played something like everquest or WoW, think of it like this; running in Morrowind is at the speed of walking in those games, and walking in Morrowind is about half that speed.Also, the "since of wonder" at seeing stars is old, been done everywhere and doesn't impress.  Walking down a road and seeing a door stuck in the side of a mountain means "dungeon" in morrowind...there is no since of wander, the dungeons are doors in the side of a mountain.finally, if you want to buy this thing go ahead, clearly it appeals to some people.  I rate it as one of the worst games I've ever spent money on and furthers my belief that if a game doesn't  over a demo then there is some reason they are hiding it until after you make the purchase.
If you're fortunate to have one of the CD drives this game supports, it's decent, however there's no way for you to know ahead of time.  Their tech support is near worthless with my request for help having them tell me that I need a second computer to test it on... Yes, to get support you apparently have to have a computer lab to verify on.  The game worked on my old CD drive, the only difference is a new DVD drive.  My other DVD drive in this computer won't work either. They've had this long w/out patching their cruddy protection?  They aren't going to if they haven't by now.  Avoid this like the plague unless you feel safe downloading a no CD crack or need an expensive beer coaster.The game picks up shortly after the first Max Payne game.  You have Bullet Time again, but this time you're able to move at normal speed, so any illusion of it just being enhanced perception is removed.  You are not a man, but inexplicably a super hero.  You also get to play as Mona Sax, who was supposedly killed in the first game, but for some reason has the same powers you do.  There are some levels where you switch between the two, one defending the other or completing different tasks.  There are some pretty cool levels where you end up in a gang war with computer characters blasting away at each other and there are some improvements like not dying in dream sequences, but the story falls short of the first game.
No, it wasn't.  I remember being very excited when Driver 1 was supposed to come out.  You were supposed to be a gangster, running from the law, a game built oin the same engine (same physics) as the destruction derby games.BUT, whoever made Driver 1 thought it way too controversial to make a villian as the lead, so they decided to make it an &quot;on the run&quot; police officer.  that was weak and i lost interest in it, don't care how great the game was.  do i want a watered down version of an artist's vision?  please, why don't you put that fig leaf on &quot;David&quot;'s unit in Florence.So, here we go, now we have driv3r, a couple years after the GTA wave breaks.  yay!  in driv3r they finally let you get out of the car and do foot missions, fight, shoot, run over people, now that the coast is clear.  there is nothing innovative about what they are trying to do here.  driv3r is not the original.  any company that forfeits it's edginess to be politically correct will not get my money.  might as well have tipper gore in the passenger seat the whole time, telling tanner what he could and could not do.
This game was definately not worth the hype (If there was any). I remember seeing a commercial for it and I was thinking "GTA ripoff" and it pretty much is. GTA is alot better than this in everything, this game was to bland. I got bored with this really, really quick.
Okay, I'm not going to waste alot of time beating a dead horse, all of the negative comments about this game are ALL true.  Remember the car grabbing light poles from Driver1?  They are here, along with shoddy physics, poor aiming control, and a lack of speed that will disgust you.  You can grab the fastest car in the game, aim it down the longest straight away you can find and you'll still not have any feeling of REALLY moving.  I loved Driver, and even Driver 2, but this game should have been properly de-bugged before release.  Long and short-save your cash, rent first, and you'll see what I and so many others have said all along- this game sucks.
I bought this game a few weeks ago from Target for $23.52 (it also included a 2nd disc with tips) I had a $5 coupon as well.  This game is unbelievably frustrating I can't believe reflections spent nearly 3 years developing this game.  While the graphics are nice and some how impressed me some what it doesn't make up for the frustrating and dull gameplay. Here is a list of cons because there just aren't enough positives things to say about this game.CONSDriving controls are very sensitive and your car tends to slide like as if it were on iceon foot controls (I like to call it run n gun) are cumbersome to say the least and the aiming system isn't very good at all either.Did I mention that this game is on the difficult side and sometimes very frustrating?  I was on the mission where you had to stop the gator for good and trying to drive and shoot at the same time just PO'd me right off.I have played other games similar to this True Crime Streets of LA The Getaway and of course GTA.  Driver may of pioneered this genre but this installment was just poorly put together.  Many games of this genre may come and go but Grand Theft Auto is still king of the genre.  If you are really interested in checking out this game I strongly recommend renting this (I wish I had done so) or waiting for the price to drop to under $20.
Just bad, plain bad the only thing saving this game is its theater or replay mode. And using cheats in this game is fun too. But the single player is the worst I've seen in a video game. Its like the developers spent more money on the cutscenes then the actual game. Because the controls handle poorly the missions are structured poorly everything in this game feels shallow and has that "been there done that feel". Just avoid this game and please save your money don't support badly designed games like this.
I waited until the day this game came out to buy it.I was hoping for this game to be really fun like RE1,2,3 and code veronica but when I put it in I was Uterly disapointed,the game play was very bad with very bad controls,The other Resident Evil games had better controls.The other thing is that this game had no story line, you just start off in a bar and run from zombies.Do not get this game just wait for RE4.
After playing a few of the other RE games, I was excited about this one, despite the different programmers.  Utter disappointment was my experience.  In fact, I haven't even attempted other RE games by the same programmers, which were obviously just generated with the RE name for the money.
Resident Evils 1&2 for the original Playstation are two of the best games ever made.  RE2 alone surpasses nearly all the other horror based games that were created for the consule, and there were plenty to follow.  With the evolution of the new gaming systems came new Resident Evil games.  RE Nemsis proved to be a challenging game of cat and mouse.  RE Survivor squandered in its attempt to switch the horror genre to the first person.  Now Resident Evil is back on the Playstation after some new titles under the Nintendo name.  The suspsense and antcipation for the game were killing me so I quickly bought it when it was released in April of this year.  Little did I know that the game itself would kill me.  RE Outbreak is quite frankly the most dissapointing horror game in the storied franchise.  The game is bad, very bad, and it has a number of reasons why.  First, you can not turn a survial based game into a team effort.  The fact that you have to help nearly everyone in this game just as much as yourself is ridiculous.  The game doesn't allow you to focus on the tasks and puzzles at hand, not to mention the 5 billion zombies that are thrown your way.  The loading screens are absolutely agonizing.  They were never good on the PSOne, so you think with the adaption to the PS2 this minor glich would get cleared up.  Oops.  The story is slow, the characters are dull, and the constant reptitive lines spoken by them is enough to make you want to turn into a zombie.  Oh wait, you can in this game, and then kill all of your teammates.  What?  Who came up with that brillant idea?  With such a storied past you think Capcom would play off its original success.  Instead, Resident Evil Outbreak is dead on arrival.
i've seen a LOT of overrated games, but this one amazed even me.take max payne.  remember how it was really hard without bullet time?  ok.  take away most of the bullet time, turn it into an FPS where you die every time you run out of bullet time (oh, excuse me, "slow-mo due to your guy's amazing reflexes"), include a bunch of super-standard guns and environments, and voila, a highly rated, great-selling game.why do people love it?  one word:  GRAPHICS.  yeah, those bullets look so amazing whizzing by you in slow-mo...  who cares?  looks don't make a great game.  gameplay does.
This game might work okay on XBox, but it freezes up on XBox 360 when battling Bad Bessie even though it is supposed to be compatible.  There is supposed away around this but it is very hard to do.....stay away from Bessie and kill her at the same time.  Yea right........
i know nobody cares what i think, but bf 1942 and bf vietnam are perhaps two of the worst games i've ever played.  in 2006, the controls are of course completely dated and terrible (though i don't care about the graphics, they're pretty cool actually).  bf vietnam does a great job at atmosphere.  you really feel like you're there in vietnam.  but then what happens?  the control of the weapons is TRASH.  talk about clunky!!!  the CALL OF DUTY series blows this game away in every regard.  sure, call of duty could learn some things from this game - how to use bigger maps and vehicles for example.  but as far as actual GAMEPLAY and excitement, call of duty is infinitely better.  there were times in this game where i'd go maybe 20 minutes without even seeing an enemy!  all you do is walk around, keep walking, keep walking... maybe this is like real war, but if i wanted to be a real soldier i'd go join the army.
well i learned my lesson with rockstar and rented this one. i bought gtaIII because of the hype and hated it. once i got over the newness of running around anywhere i realized how much it sucked. then i bought manhunt, which was unspeakably terrible. i rented vice city which was alright...then in some moment of madness rented san andreas which was a ugly (ps1 level graphics) mess of a game. like gtaIII it was frequently too hard and frustrating and definitely not worth the effort. which leads to the warriors, a bad game based on a bad movie which plays badly. what more is there to say?
This system is completely worthless. I'll start with the hardware itself: IT DOESN'T WORK. The hard drive is not nearly as effective at storing information as normal memory cards; in fact, it often decided to erase my save files on a whim. I have never had this problem with a PS2 or GameCube.But this problem pales in comparison to the paltry game lineup. Let's face the facts: Unless your gaming palate consists entirely of generic action games, licensed garbage, and "edgy", "adult" titles, you will be bored out of your mind with this thing. Oh sure, it purports to have "RPGs" in the form of trash like Fable, Jade Empire, and KOTOR, but these are just more generic action games dressed up in RPG clothing.Oh, and news flash: Pretty graphics can only numb your brain to the pain of mangled game design for so long. Once you wake from the "Ooooh it looks so good" stupor, you will realize that you are wasting your time.As for me, I found one single game that was halfway decent on this console, and even then, it was a game that also appeared on other systems. And still worse, halfway through it the XBox erased my data. Yippee.Unless you are (a. brain-dead, (b. addicted to violence and "mature" content, or (c. clueless as to what a good game consists of, skip this clump of dung and buy a PS2. Or even better, a GameCube. A sweet, decadent, purply GameCube. Ahhh, bliss.
It's a Star Wars game, but it's a pretty bad one. Ok, the graphics look awesome, as a multi-player game I could see this being good. Single player mode can have two extreems, easy or hard. Those aren't selectable settings, but the way you choose to play. At each "level" your character becomes immediately involved in a large battle, your character is one of many fighting this battle and there are no specific goals other than taking over command post. You can elect to piloting ships, steal an AT-AT etc.. but this really only serves to bring  a loose bit of freedom. It makes the game a giant mush without any order to it. You can fall back and let the computer controlled team mates win the level for you or you can engage in combat and (usually) be destroyed almost immediately. Bottom line, this is a poor game. One of the worst Star Wars games ever made. Save your money.
My first piece of advise - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL AN OFFICIAL PATCH IS RELEASED! ((I am not the only person saying this))Even then you should be leery until maybe a 2nd patch is out! This game is LOADED with bugs, the graphics engine consumes your CPU and RAM no matter how powerful your system is! Please read on - I don't hate this game...I just think they should have tested it before releasing it to the public.There are many fansites with forums. In the forums you will find people screaming and yelling from the rooftops about how bad, buggy and choppy this game is!Let me make myself clear and explain what I mean by BETA for those that do not know.When a software company creates a program it typically goes through several stages before being released. BETA is a version that is ALMOST ready for sale to the public but needs to go through test drives first to hunt and find problems, crashes, bugs, mistakes, etc. This version would not be sold or released to the public for widespread use. NO WAY!A release that is ready for widespread public use or sale is called a GOLD or RTM version. This means that it runs beautifully, very few bugs or crash problems, if any!WELL, Vampires: Bloodlines is NOTHING BUT A BETA!!!!!!!! I can prove it. Keep reading!I have a P4, ATI X800, 2 GB CORSAIR RAM....etc. You name it, I have nothing but top of the line, latest and greatest.This game chugs along. It consumes over 750 MB's of RAM when being run, I get choppy frames, and lots of lag at times!How can this be? Easy, this game was not meant to be released so soon. I think there was pressure to get it out before X-mas!!!! The code and graphics engine behind this game was not ready for retail release.Bloodlines crashes at certain parts of the game, lip sync is off on many characters, some missions of the game cannot be completed, graphics errors and goof ups abound while playing the game, the combat action is TERRIBLE, involuntary switching from 1st to 3rd person disrupts your game play!! I could go on and on!The GOOD -Diverse campaigns/missions, funny interaction with characters, some interesting weapons to use, very creative game with clever ideas and lots of thought put into the concept.The BAD -Missions become repetitive, lots of level transitions that TAKE FOREVER TO LOAD!!!!! Lot's of talking about meaningless things with characters. It almost seems like they added this crap just to keep you busy! The graphics are nice but the characters are stiff and unrealistic looking.The UGLY -Parts of game cannot be completed successfully, parts of game cause you to crash to desktop, there is an unofficial patch but it does not work under many circumstances, slow load times, choppy framerates, music and voice sync is off in many situations. The worst part is the collision detection part of the graphics engine. (Translation -You can be stopped dead in your tracks by a measely drinking cup or piece of chair on the floor while just walking, but worst of all while being shot at or chased!!! Talk about ruining the gameplay experience!!!)This game was not ready for primetime and should never have been released so soon. I think this game will be a good game once an official patch or two have been released and proven successful.Don't buy this game until these issues have been resolved. TRUST ME ON THIS!!!!!!
I loved Medal of Honor on the Xbox/PS2, so I thought I would give this a chance.  As an experienced gamer, I had high expectations for this game.  Big mistake.  Took forever to install, and the load times are horrendous.  I start playing the game, and I get to a part where I need to rescue a wounded soldier.  I can't even get through the doors below deck because of the fires, and everytime I attempted it, the guy I was trying to rescue was burned to death.This game is terrible, not what I expected.  I uninstalled it and got rid of it.  I do not recommend this game to anyone except diehard military fans.
Okay, whether you have high expectations or none at all, this game just doesn't work. For one, the whole "freedom of choice" thing is a huge lie. If you want to be "good", you can rescue the same people over and over; for "evil", you kill them repeatedly. That's it. Second, you CANNOT choose where you want to go and what you want to do there. This game is mission-based, just like every other bland game this year. Oh, sure, you can "choose" which mission you want, but if you choose any but the "right" one, you'll find yourself getting killed in an instant. So no matter what you do, you have to follow a linear path.The gameplay is a mess as well. The combat system doesn't work half the time (you'll often accidentally target people instead of enemies), and even when it does work, you'll still get killed because your skills aren't powerful enough. How do you get them more powerful? By going to the forest and killing bees until you level up. Hmmm, where have I heard this before? In every single other RPG to hit the market, perhaps? Unlike better games, where you always find yourself at the right level to move forward if you take on all the available enemies, Fable forces you to go back and forth between areas to get the enemies to respawn, watching a long loading screen each and every time you exit and enter an area. What fun.Even the non-combat interface is completely dilapidated. Menus were a monster to navigate, and it took me a good ten minutes just to get my equipment on. And don't get me started on my attempt to use the controller customization feature.Finally, there are the things that aren't "broken" exactly, but are still annoying. Like the people, for example. Even when you are just walking through an area, perhaps on your way back to kill more bees, NPCs are constantly chattering away in irritating accents. You can't get a moment's peace. Also, you can call me a prude if you wish, but I can't believe that "burp" and "fart" have their own buttons. This game is rated M for mature, but perhaps it should be rated I for immature.Overall, Fable is an annoying, clunky, and frustrating game. Far from the promised revoloution, it delivers a package that doesn't even meet mediocre standards.
despite the claims that this game would be so much more everything than other gta games, it's just more of the same with a few added tricks (like swimming, etc.).the worst thing about this game is the frustrating missions. when you get to the 'first date' missions you'll see. you have to drive 20 minutes to get there (there is nowhere to save within miles and miles), then you might chase the guys (1 of the 4 missions) for 10 minutes then some car might pull out and crash you.....and then you get "sorry they got away." after some sh%$ like this happens a couple of times and you waste hours just getting back to square one you'll be tired of this cr&@ like i am. i deleted this game off of my memory card and i was happy to do it.avoid!!!!!!!!!!!
A few years ago, when I had just recently gotten a PS2, I was super pumped when I got this controller. It was getting great reviews, I found it to be more comfortable than the official Sony controllers, and mine was working flawlessly-- for a few months. The rubber contacts on the buttons are made out of some ridiculously cheap rubber that even the Chinese knockoff makers would probably laugh at, and it was not long before my X button started sticking when it was depressed. For fighting games like Soul Calibur 2 and Mortal Kombat Deception, you NEED lightning fast response from the buttons. One sticky button completely ruins this controller, and eventually all of them will wear out due to the terrible material Logitech uses.I actually considered picking up a Logitech wireless PS3 controller at one point since it uses the same form factor, and hoping that Logitech finally learned their lesson about the crappy material, I figured it would be easy to swap out the rubber contacts from the PS3 controller to restore my PS2 controller better-than-new. However, I learned ahead of time that Logitech uses the same crappy material in the PS3 controllers, and the buttons wear out just as quickly! I will probably never buy a Logitech controller again. My official PS2 controllers still work just fine after many years of making Jak and Daxter jump platforms and doing kombos and fatalities in Mortal Kombat, and that durability is worth putting up with wires for. Logitech's terrible neglect for quality materials ruined what would have otherwise been the ultimate controller for PS2 owners.
...it has no minimul system requirements listed and whether or not the internet is required.  That automatically draws a one star review from me.  Sorry, but I've gotten a dozen programs in the last two weeks...only two of them work on my system...all because I wasn't given the minimal system requirements so I would have known betterYeah, yeah, yeah, oldtechno should have looked it up.No, no, no, the manufacturers knows we need this information, they failed to list it...they've got my money--what more do I want from them.  So here they are:Windows 2000 SP4Pentium 4 2gig AMD/XP2200+512MB memory RAM10gig hard diskNvidia GeForce 5500/ATI Radeon 9600/128mb DirectX9 c Compatable graphics card.DVD-ROM driveDirectX 9 compatable sound cardIf you play it on the internet you need;64 kbps upstream to play/ 512 kbps to host 8 players.bye. (you know, this is probably gonna be a fine game.)
I dont think im even shure that is from the silenthill series.This game is confusing and it gets sortof boring.You might like this one if you like walking around never finding any thing realy diferent from the same floating in bodyments that hurt you when they touch you?i rented it and hated it.
Though I admit the premise is intriguing, and the atmosphere is spooky as hell, there is very little real substance to the game, and I'm not sure why I continue to play these Silent Hill titles.  Lots of walking around whacking these creatures with a plank of wood...  That's not my idea of fun gaming, and I find it disappointing that in some ways Silent Hill has set the standard for survival horror lower than it should be.  They all pale in comparison to other games in the genre like Fatal Frame, Resident Evil, and Clocktower.
To see how ripped off Nintendo is, let's do a simple conversion math.The goal is to find a 1019 Blocks card has how many Mega Byte or Kilo Byte?Let us do some calculation8 Bit = 1 Byte1 Mega Bit or Byte = 1024 Kilo Bit or ByteMemory Card 1019 Blocks = 64 Mbit = 65536Kbit = 8192 KByte = 8 MByte8192 KByte / 1019 blocks = 8.0393 KByte/blockHow much is nintendo charging? $28.95How large is Playstation 2 card?8 Mega Byte = 64 Mbit = 59 blocks *64/4 = 944 BlocksHow much are we paying for 512 MByte SD, Compact Flash, or Memory Stick?Around $8.00 or even Free.And who wants 512MB cards these days?Not a lot of people, almost no one. Most people today are going for 1 to 2 GB or 4GB for flash memory for PSP, MP3, Videos, and Pictures.Lets use the $8.00 = 512MB = 60416 Blocks as of today's standard. That means 1019 blocks should cost:1019/60416 * $8.00 = $0.135Wow so Nintendo is actually over priced by 641.12% by charging at $1.00.So in conclusion:Nintendo is 18,272% over charged consumers for only 8 MB memory card, which no body even use today for any mp3 players nor USB massive storage device with even many times faster speed than this Gamecube card!!!!!The saddiest part is for those people who has Wii and want to play Gamecube games, they are forced me use the Gamecube memory cards.  You cannot save Gamecube data on Wii Internal memory nor SD cards!!!!Nintendo is creating a hazzles to consumers!!
...but I don't like this game at all. I'm a big Zelda fan and loved all the GBC, N64, GBA and GameCube games, but because of my age, I had never played the "classic" Zelda games. So I picked this up, aiming to be a full-blown Zelda aficionado.Yet within a few minutes of play, I realized that the game was far too primitive for someone reared in the era of Link's Awakening DX and Ocarina of Time. There are no NPCs to talk to, no exploration to be done, none of anything that I had come to expect from the series. I am well aware that I was probably expecting too much, but whether that's true or not, I was disappointed.Although I didn't find anything to enjoy in this game, I'm not saying that it's bad. I'm sure that it was a classic of its era, and those who grew up with NES games will probably fall in love with it all over again. But from the perspective of someone who relies only on what she has read and heard for info on this bygone time, it simply seems like a bland, watered-down hack 'n slasher.
For roughly the same price, you could get Super Mario Bros. Deluxe, it plays on all Game Boy systems, and has everythign this game has plus a lot more. Does this game have Super Mario Bros. 2 hidden in it? No. Does it have a calendar? No. Mini games? No. You're much better off with Mario Bros. Deluxe.
I will most likely get many "NO's" for "was this review helpful?" because of my negative review and I hate to be the oddball of the bunch, but please hear me out before voting "NO."I was a Mario fanatic during my freshman year of highschool. Playing Mario Brothers for hours on end. I would leave the console on at night (there was no saving Marios progress) only to have to start over the next day because mom turned off the console... she just didnt understand, "I made it all the way to world 5-3!!!" Mario was a huge success for its time!!! There was nothing better!!! So, feeling nostalgic, I picked up a copy for my gameboy advance.After a few hours of gameplay, I was done with it. In this day and age where games of the same price can be so much more entertaining... why did I blow my money on Mario? Its not that I expected cutting edge graphics, or changing the game (why change a classic. I would have been able to make it thru to the end if they just added one feature... just one. A simple thing like a save game feature would have given it 3 stars from me.This is a perfect example of Nintendo recycling old games and making a bundle. No thought process went into this... it was an old idea repackaged. One thing this did for me, is made me appreciate the advancement in the video game industry. In a day and age when reviewers complain about games being too repetitive, Mario does not deserve a good review... even from those of us who grew up with PAC MAN and GALAGA.I will agree that when Mario first hit the streets, it was the greatest thing out there. However at this point and time, Mario is definitly showing his age. Think to yourself... if this game was released today... for the first time ever.... would it truely deserve 4+ stars?
I am an avid star wars fan, but this is unbearable! I went into this game with high hopes because the game got such good reviews and I'm such a huge fan, however, I came out confused and ultimately very upset. It's not like the game is a complete mess and doesn't do anything right, it's just not fun and overall unbelievably forgettable. Let's start with the graphics: At times, I felt like I was playing an early xbox 360 game, but most of the time it felt like a ps2 game or something, especially the outside portions of the game. I found them to be blurry and lacking detail. Gameplay: The gameplay in this game is atrocious to say the least. The mechanics and everything are fine, but it takes too many bullets to take down certain enemies and overall it's just very repetitive and not fun at all. I would equate this game to left for dead because the enemies come and keep on coming. They are relentless and you don't even have time to look around at the environment. This game is not even in the same league as halo, so don't even say it. Now, I would go over some other things in the game, but if you're like me then the gameplay is probably the most important thing and you already know how I feel about it, so I will leave you with a list of my favorite fps games of all time and you can see why I thought this game was crap. These are in order starting with the best. 1. Goldeneye-N64, 2. Perfect Dark-N64, 3. Red Faction PS2, 4. Medal of Honor and Medal of Honor Underground-PS1, 5. Bioshock, and Bioshock Infinite- XBOX 360. Some of my other favorites are Halo-XBOX, Cold Winter-PS2, Times Splitters 2 and Future Perfect-PS2, XBOX, Area 51-XBOX, PS2, Duke Nukem 3D and the list goes on and on.
the only way i can explain the positive reviews for this game are simply my theory that gamers are idiots.  they'll play anything if it's given good reviews and other people like it.  there's nothing new in mercenaries that hasn't been done before.  you accept a contract.  you drive around to the bad guy and subdue him or kill him.  o...... k.  all this has been done before (and vastly more interesting) in games like metal gear solid, call of duty, hitman etc. etc. etc.  it's not fun or challenging, or original.  also the gameplay itself is bad.  shooting people isn't fun here, you just pull the trigger and move your crosshairs across the screen.  boring.  the graphics aren't very good either.  just because other people say it's good doesn't make it so.
this game could be one of the best games out there, but it has way too many bugs. here are the most anoying ones: character gets trapped inside boulder and can't get out, game sometimes say there's no controller connected, and the most annoying one - I successfully entered the abort codes for the nukes after hours of really intense battles, eliminated the foot soldiers, then the game froze just as I was about to capture the ace of spades!!! what the heck!!!
What a piece of garbage!!!  I rented this game and returned it the next day because I didn't want it to plague my other PS2 games with its filth.  Thank goodness I didn't buy this crap.  The framerate is terrible and the screen feels like its right up in your face.  I couldn't play it because it gave me a headache; the first time ever while playing video games.  From what I hear, you shoot the same looking bad guys the entire game.  What fun is that?  I'd give it a zero.  I've gotta go.  Thinking about the $6 I spent on renting this game is starting to make me angry, and you wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
I am taking my time to write a honest review about this game. If you are those kind of people who like games who resemble the real life then this game is not for you.The NEGATIVES (which are more then the positives by the way).* IN real life when teams are on offense most of the time DEFENSES get tired. Well, in madden 2005 and 2006 that is not the case, if your offense is on the field most of the time your offense gets tired and their defense gets stronger.*When the computer wants to score there is NOTHING you can do. Even If your CB is covering,  the ball will go through his body and the WR will catch it ( i have never seen that in other games like ESPN).*As we all know in MADDEN players are rated by an overall number. IN madden 2005 and 2006 for example if your defense is agains the computer you have a big disadvantage one single offensive linemen can block 3 (99 overall) players of your defense.*The most ridiculus part of this game is when a CPU player is running in one direction and then accelerates in the ooposite direction and tackles your player and the block at the same time.I can keep going on and on and tell you why after 5 minutes this game is not fun anymore, but the negatives are so many that I would need days to review this games (2005 and 2006).If you ask yourself why am I including madden 2006 in my review? I do it because i have a friend who is a game tester and he told me that the gameplay of Madden 2006 is exactly the same as the 2005.Personally i am done with the MADDEN series until thye re-disign the gameplay and it resembles more to real life.
I admit it, I have something of an ulterior motive in rating this game so low.  It's a good football game, really it is.  However, after playing EA Sports titles for the past decade, I've discovered a football game I like much better.  Unfortunately, because of EA and the NFL's greed, exclusive rights to NFL licensed products has been granted...meaning we will not get an ESPN NFL 2K6 game.  Hence, I will no longer be playing EA titles.  For any serious gamers out there that welcome competition among our titles, thus ensuring that the best products are available, join my in my boycott.  Like I said earlier, I prefer the bulk of EA's sports titles to the ESPN brand.  However, I think their NHL and NFL products are surperior to EAs.  But I'll no longer have a choice in NFL products.  I'm not happy with either EA or the NFL.
Sorry for being a stick in the mud but if I had seen this game running before I got it I probably would have just watched someone else play it. The big con to this game (that I was really looking forward to playing) is the fixed world camera with a tiny little tilt to the left or right that springs back the moment you release the key. Zooming in or out takes you somewhat closer to the fights but you cannot choose your action viewpoint meaning that TBFME is a very limited RTS ( I knew it was limited but didn't realize how much)... so much so, that it is nothing more than draw a big box around whatever group is present on the screen and right click on the enemy and then watch the battle... but watch what? Amazing 2D fight sequences?... and I think you might just get my point here... -> The film is the better 2D fight sequences.I am sorry but the fact that you could not rotate the camera just blew me away. It felt like playing R-Type Final or some other 2D platform shoot `em up. The extreme (and I mean extreme) lack of critical thinking in this game just makes it a very glorious looking bad game. It is not even a game when compared to any modern RTS. The best way of describing it is like a gawk-fest where you can literally sit back and just let the game run itself. I would not have minded that if I could actually choose an angle to gawk at the battles.The best way of describing my disappointment is to imagine if the producers of this thing just recorded a demo of the whole game on DVD for you to watch.Anyhow, all this depends on how much time you invest in games. If you are a fan of the movie, and do not play games, then maybe this will satisfy you. If you have any experience with RTS gaming and a pimpin' fast computer you have a right to know that you can not rotate or tilt the world. If I knew that then maybe this item would have got a far better rating.I would love to have recommended it but sadly, I am a gamer and felt badly letdown by the lack of world controls. Something as simple as a 360 rotate with a 90-degree tilt would have made it five stars (even with the simplest of RTS controls). As I said, watching the film is better.
All they did was take a poorly made RTS engine and slap LOTR into the title.  If you played age of empires or Empire Earth or even star craft back in the day, you'd understand what I mean. This game is horrible.
WARNING:THIS GAME IS INCOMPLETE AND WILL LEAVE GAMERS FRUSTRATED AND BORED OUT OF THEIR RESPECTIVE WITS! That would be a good warning that Lucasarts could have slapped on the back of KOTOR2. This half-baked yet full priced game is a complete catastophe! So here is a joke. What do you get when you add broken gameplay, imcomplete storyline, confusing controls, and horrible graphics? KOTOR2 of course! Now you may think I am just being mean, but I don't particularly enjoy bashing games. I much rather enjoy praising them, but in cases like this, there is just no praise to be found. Ok I would not be so mad if Lucasarts actually stuck with their promise of releasing a patch to solve this horrendous mess. But I regret to say that they have so far released no such thing. And unless they do soon, I will tell you to STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS!
Knights of the old republic 1 was one of the greatest games and stories every in videogames.  That's just my opinion but any rpg fan,  Star Wars geek or just any gamer that enjoys a deep story will agree. I think I've beaten the first game six or seven times. I was really excited for knights of the old republic 2 Sith Lords. I remember  the day I got it. I installed that bad boy and with wide eyes and a smile I created my future Jedi guardian. My wide eyes and smile turned into shooting daggers and grinding teeth and me saying "wait....what", "huh, who this guy talking about", "wait, why am I here?", "what was the point of that", "this can't be the only dialog choices they give me", "that cut scene makes no sense", "what kind of garbage ending was that?" , I've beaten kotor 2 three times now, and it's obvious this game is completely and painfully unfinished.So lets talk about this poop shoot game first. It's 100% playable and combat is an exact clone of the original. So if your a fan of combat from the first game you'll be happy but like a double edge sword this is a freakin sequel, it should be enhanced but they didn't change anything at all and I mean anything,including skills.The main problem with this game is the most important thing with a game like this, the story.Now first let me explain something. Bioware is the company that made the first knights of the republic. Bioware is also responsible for making other great games like baulders gate 1&2, neverwinter nights 1, jade empire, and most notably the mass effect saga. Now, after bioware made kotor 1 they immediately began work on jade empire for Xbox. Lucustarts wanted them to make the sequel to kotor, unfortunately their developers were tied up with jade empire. So lucustarts turned to obsidian, a well known company that made such hits as icewind dale, neverwinter nights 2 and fallout new Vegas. Sounds confusing doesn't it. Obsidian is well known for picking up sequels that bioware and Bethesda don't have time for. But they're still a great company. Unfortunately when they took on a sequel for knights of the old republic it's obvious that they struggled with it and lucustarts really rushed them on the project. I think....no...I know that obsidian couldn't have done better than bioware. The story was to much for them to take on. Unless they could've gotten into the minds of bioware and gotten more time to work on the project I think fans like me would've been much more satisfied.Just like in kotor 1 you wake up on a a ship with no memory and you have to relearn your powers....gee...off the bat this game sucks. Are you serious ?! The further you get in this game feels like a cheap rip off of the first. Except your an exiled Jedi they call "the exile".....wow the cheese is strong in this one. You have to go around the galaxy looking for the rest of the Jedi which are almost driven to extinction by the Sith. Hmmm that's funny,  in the first game I destroyed the Sith armada. It doesn't matter. Kotor 2 didn't follow the plot to first (which it should've) but it does desperately try to name drop from it. Kotor fails to follow its own plot. Each story quest is a struggle to get momentum going and the events that happen within move the arc of the plot further away. The boring characters who join you all have lack luster and generic personas. You won't want to befriend any of them or romance them. Each character in the first game all had a story to tell and a quest to boot. In kotor 2 the characters leave you scratching your head and going "mmmmkkkk, I guess since I have no more dialog options ill go see what the droids are up too". It's really frustrating when this happens. Once I noticed I was headed towards the endgame, I knew it was almost over. I had more questions than answers and strange cut scenes started playing. A boss fight later and credits rolled. My jaw dropped and curses flared out. I immediately started another game....same thing....third game...same. This games plot is just a wreck.Some people agree with me and some people say I'm to hard on it.  We should be hard on sequels to great games. It's one thing if the sequel isn't "as good as the first" but it's an insult to just give up and send an unfinished product to the consumer. Obsidian pulled a fast one on us. Many well known magazines praised this game as "good". How this happens? I don't know but I do know that knights of the old republic 2 Sith Lords is an unfinished game. And unfinished games do not deserve praise no matter what the title of the game is. If you never played knights of the old republic 1, you can get it on steam for cheap and even on iPad. If you want to play the sequel, find a box, write " this has lightsabers" on it, dump in used kitty litter with a glow stick and that's about as good as knights of the old republic 2 Sith Lords is.
I've never played the original Sid Meier's Pirates! but I have played "Cutthroats", which I found to be very lavish and expansive, despite severe limitations regarding commanding troops to besiege cities and other sorts of details.This one has rather good graphics for a relatively small game, and plays well and fluidly.  For my taste, it has far too great of a cartoonishness to it, which severely limits the potential for it to be as violent and cutthroat as... well, "Cutthroats".  There's no throatcutting in this one---just a swing on a rope, a HAHA!, and a smirk as the enemy shakes his fist and goes "OOOH YOUUU!"The campaigns as well follow an utterly ridiculous task of "Find Baron Montalbon" or whatever his name is, whom you defeat in battle and he gives you ONE PIECE of a multi-piece map to find a family member of yours.  THEN you must track him down AGAIN (because you're apparently too stupid to have him tell you EVERYTHING then kill him) to get ANOTHER piece of that one map.  Once you have all the pieces, you rescue your family member, never see them again, and have to hunt down THE SAME PERSON AGAIN AND AGAIN FOR MORE MAP PIECES for family members ranging from Aunts, Sisters, Fathers, Mothers, etcetera.Then there's ridiculous quests involving lost cities and hunting down famous pirates from history all just smashed together in whatever year you pick.  Despite supposedly gaining "infamy" for killing these famous pirates, you don't get anything except the number 1 slot on most famous pirates, and a lot of money.A surprising feature which seems to severely limit my actions is that as soon as you start to gain successes, commanding multiple ships with a hundred or more men and lots of gold, morale starts going down the crapper at breakneck speed, to a point where even getting vast amounts of gold can't solve it---your best result is to either kill them off in pitched battles, or retire for a short while.  This eats away a few years of your life before you return with a smaller crew and smaller ship.About the only aspects of gameplay which are always entertaining are ship battles and turn-based, grid-based land battles.  Ship battles are real time, involving simultaneous use of steering and sluggish firing to break down your enemy's ship and either destroy it, or board and force a surrender or fight it out on deck, where surprisingly your forces always seem to die quicker than the enemy's, no matter what.  Land battles are particularly fun in execution and strategy.But these are very, very small aspects of a broader game, which most of the time is spent sailing (and the wind almost always blows in one direction for months endlessly, making sailing take a LOT of gametime) and visiting cities to do the exact same dreck---get a few minor upgrades to your ships, sell some cargo, visit the tavern to recruit some random bandits, speak to a cloned barmaid about whatever (usually she doesn't give you anything important, just "ooh you so scary you is numba 1 pirate in the evar", or talk to some random guy in a corner offering valuable things like jewelry or maps or information).Then there's DANCING!  Every major town has a governor who has a daughter, who comes in three formats: "Plain", "Attractive", "Beautiful".  Every time you visit, you do a little Olde English dance to Baroque harpsichord music, and you must press buttons properly in sequence or trip over your own clownshoes.  She basically falls in love with you based on your dancing, giving her stuff, and killing her suitors.  I haven't yet discovered if this has any relevance to the overall gameplay at all or is just an excuse to add another minigame into it complete with more cleavage.Once you've reached an old age and are too sick to pirate (it will always be sickness that forces you to retire), you cannot continue on with your character.  But really, you wouldn't want to.  New games, no matter if you start in 1620, 1640, 1660, or 1680, are exactly the same as one another, with the exact same quests, games, technology, and pirates.  This is a dumbed-down, kiddie-friendly version of historical piracy in the Carribean, and as such you don't get to "live the life" of a REAL pirate, complete with kidnapping, butchering people, scurvy, ransoming people for medical supplies (actual event: Blackbeard ransomed people for medicine), sex, drinking (Black Bart Roberts died because his ship was ambushed while his men were all drunk), etcetera.Even Pirates of the Carribean was more violent and realistic than this game.Being that they are of the same genre, I have to compare Cutthroats with Pirates.  In Cutthroats, you can invade cities with massive armies of your men, including with cannons taken off your ship, have townspeople try to fight you off, then surrender and you can take them prisoner or execute them (including women and children), you have to keep your ship supplied not only with food but with gunpowder for the cannons, accessories like sugar and rum and tobacco for the men's morale, you have to buy guns and grenades and pistols if you want to arm your men for personal combat, lifeboats if you want your men to survive when the ship sinks, and wait in harbor for your ship to be repaired if damaged.In Pirates, all you need is food and cannons.  Everything else is provided, and repairs are done instantaneously.  While landbattles are fun, they are only more fun than in "Cutthroats" because in "Cutthroats", the map is huge, and your men move at a snail's pace quite literally.  There's no murdering, raping, pillaging, or anything that was synonymous with pirates.
Halo 2 is worst than Halo 1. The doubling up on weapons isnt that cool because you waste all your ammo on one alien. The aliens look a lot like monkeys and half the time they only die when you hit them with your gun so Halo 2 isnt really a shooter game. Some missions are too enclosed so when you start a fight there is no where to go. Even if you liked Halo 1 dont get this because this game is so stupid.
I think this game needs a ladder to get above one level to Crap.
Capcom is working on a Special Edition version of this game, where it will have a new character to play as, and extra bonus stages.
First of all, any review of this game dated before March is a load of lies. LIES!!!! This game was not available until 3/2005! Not August 2004!!! How honest can a reviewer of this product be if the game was not available at the time the review was written? Go home losers! Get a life!Let me cut to the quick -Brothers in Arms tries to be Call Of Duty with squad based action. IT FAILS MISERABLY!!!!!!This game tries to offer a really solid, SQUAD based game. No more typical First Person shooter. In other words, you don't go running full speed shooting everything in site! And your squad mates actually do help you defeat the enemy.SADLY, this sounds better than it actually is.Game graphics -This game runs on the Unreal Engine so I expected top of the line graphics. You get far less than that! Even the soldiers have NO facial expressions. Their lips move but the face does not change or offer any emotion or expression. Stick lips on a 2"x6" pine plank and you will get the same experience!!!Vocals/Dialog -OHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhh soooo painful! Cliche' after cliche', tons of curse words thrown in as a desperate attempt to give you the "grit" of war. Bad monologues that run on forever, bad cutscenes, nothing interesting at all.Weapons -Nice selection...but highly inaccurate!!! To get any accurate shooting done, you MUST aim down the barrel. With all the fast action going on, you have no time to aim and line up a shot. If you shoot with out aiming, you better be 2 feet away from the guy...and even then they will kill you quick!!!You will not get the chance to use many of the weapons either...unless you hunt on the ground for the dead soldiers dropped weapons.Gameplay -Squad based activity is decent but repetitive. The missions are almost pointless and definitely are redundant! It winds up turning into the same thing everytime. Get ready, start the mission, Germans appear, order your squad to provide cover fire while you flank them and kill them. Wash, rinse and repeat....until the game is finally done!Game Length -Short and not creative. I finished this game on the Difficult setting in 7 hours. I finished it on the hardest setting in 10 hours. Too short and the gameplay is so clumsy at times that you just don't want to play it again. Not rewarding at all.
No one ever expects a sequel to match the original, but even when approaching it from that angle this game is horrible. If you must play it, do yourself a favor and wait until the game is on the discount rack......which by my estimation shouldn't be too long from now. Had this game had to stand on it's on merits, I have no doubt it would be a complete and utter failure. Why? The storyline......what little there was extremely lame and weak. There is only one thing truly genius  about it, they were able to take a 5 hour story and stretch it into 40 some grueling hours of bored anticipation. Bored anticipation?!!!? Whatever do I mean. I'll explain. They kept showing movie clips of things going on with the characters and things around you, but not a single one played out. For instance, it showed me a short clip of someone making contacting with Carth, but Carth played absolutely no role in the game and no information adding to game was given in the clip......so your setting there bored to tears playing the game, but the clips lead you to believe more is just about to happen, that the plot will thicken, that finally all the hours of torture you've endured playing this stupid game will pay off, but then....well, just when you can't believe the game could get any worse you come to the ending and the game plummets to lows no video game I have ever played has reached. Your only sense of satisfaction is knowing you will never have to endure another minute of torture playing this game, hoping praying and having the faith to believe it will get better.I could write plenty more about my disappointments in this game from its annoying plotless no personality characters, to the mundane get you nowhere fast tasks, to the add no real value to the game conversations, to the who thought being a jedi could suck fights, but hopefully I convinced you to save yourself a little money by waiting to purchase this game. This game isn't just a poor sequel it's a poor game overall. But if you choose to waste your money on this game......well don't say you weren't warned.Oh, sorry but one more thing that really adds to the cons of this game......all the time spent waiting for scenes to load....I turned on my computer and surfed the web while I waited, trust me you'll need something to do because you won't get wrapped up in the plot (or lack thereof) of this game.
This South Korean game is very boring.  I got a free trial and gave up after a couple nights.  They had some bandwidth problems, too, so this is worth less than nothing.  Some of the English text in the game is poorly translated and makes zero sense to a native English speaker.  This game doesn't even deserve half a star.
The graphics were okay, but the server problems even with a 50 Mbps connection and a Windows 8 Computer made it a horrible experience.
if you're expecting a game like prince of persia: sands of time that's a puzzle-solving sort of game, look elsewhere!  this game starts you right in the middle of combat.  that wouldn't be a problem.. if the combat was fun.  unfortunately, it's not.  the controls don't feel good and it's not intuitive.  2 minutes into the game, you're fighting a boss.  absolutely ridiculous.  it seems they tried to put graphics over gameplay for this game.  if you want a fighting game, just play something like devil may cry or ninja gaiden, not this.
I agree with the earlier review.  They changed prince of persia from an excellent platformer to a ninja gaiden look alike with much more fighting.
Sure it looks good and the gameplay is ok but the final boss (Jinpachi) is really cheap and lame! Even at the "easy" difficulty, just a couple of hits from this freak and you're dead! The Devil Within mini-game is also stupid, some levels are just impossible and too hard. I wouldn't mind it if you could save your game whenever you want to or at least just before some critical part of the game but unfortunately that is not the case here, not to mention some save points are hidden. Imagine getting through the most boring levels doing extremely tedious yet dumb puzzles, spending around 2 hours or more to get to the boss level, then finally finding yourself trying over and over to beat the boss until you just give up but you can't save your game, then you're gonna have to redo the entire level again!!! That is one sick stupid game design! The only reason I'm playing this mini-game is just to get the hidden items.
The first xenosaga game's budget was at like 100%, and they cranked out a heck of a good game.  However, when it came to the second xenosaga game, (this one), it's like they only got a 25% budget, and they cranked out a ..... well.... a piece of crap game.  From the way the characters look, to the way they sound, it's pretty corny.  The level designs and music totally sucks, and the battle system will leave you saying, "W-T-F!?"  I'm currently playing the 3rd xenosaga game, and it seems like they got a 90% budget, and so far, at 5 hours + into the game, it feels the same way as it did when I played the first xenosaga game.... pretty good.  So it seems like they cranked out a good product with the third xenosaga game, and i'm having a good time playing through it so far. Lets just hope it stays that way. As for this one... forget about it.  Definately play the first one, forget about the second one, (just watch the cut scenes from the game on the internet somewhere so that you can keep track of what the story is all about), and definately play the third one.  I didn't finish this game.  I just took it back to the store and got my money back.  It's just not a good play.  At least not to me.
There is in no arguing that Star Ocean: Til the End of time is a large, long game. In playing it from start to finish, you will definitely get your money's worth as you traverse two disks packed full of content. The question is do you really want to spend time on this game? The third is a cult console RPG series, Star Ocean 3 isn't a broken game, but in almost every aspect of the game is suffers from serious flaws that, like a big black hole, sucks whatever enjoyment might be had far away into its mysterious depths. It all builds up to make this one of the most awful games I've played this console generation.In a fifty+ hour long RPG, story is a major element. Star Ocean's is bad, very bad. It takes about three hours until you really get going. It begins with a whiny young man named Fayt and his irritating friend Sophia on vacation on some resort planet. Suddenly, an intergalatic army of invaders storm the place looking for Fayt and his father, a famous scientist. Fayt escapes to find himself alone on a backwards planet. He is rescued by a group called Quark, but then the space invaders show up again and Fayt and his new allies are marooned on another backwaters planet, this time involved in a war. The plot is not that interesting, but when you get to disk two along comes a plot twist that is so horrible it just sinks the rest of the story. This plot twist is like something M Night Shamalan would come up with while drunk. On top of the bad plot, there are tons of poorly directed cut scenes. The dialogue is circular and meandering. The game is almost entirely voice acted. Only a few of the voices are really bad, but mostly it sounds uninspired. It all comes together to create an atmosphere that watching Star Ocean is like watching a bad community play.And then we come to the battle system, the other major aspect of Star Ocean 3. The main problem with Star Ocean's system is that the ally AI is abominal. Your two computer controlled allies will be little help to you at all as they almost always attack by uncontrollably kamikazing the enemies. They don't dodge at all, so when the big bad monster gets ready to attack, they rush right into its waiting claws. Also, you have a life bar and a magic bar and if one of them reaches zero, the character will die. You have magic attacks and special physical attacks that deplete these bars. Your allies will use them indiscriminately, so its a constant struggle to keep them alive. When you realize that this is actually the directors cut version of the game, it is inexcusable that the programmers could add in alternate costumes for a fighting mini-game but couldn't fix the deplorable AI. Besides the deadweight allies, the difficulty curve for this game is broken. Instead, of getting just a little harder in each new area, Star Ocean 3 throws out any kind of natural progression. Enemies that are simple to defeat will be replaced with enemies that are about five times harder. You'll need to spend hours leveling to stand a decent chance.Another really awful of the game is its main side quest: item inventing. This thing is trap. It's an impenatrable, costly system meant to seperate you from your money. I tried desperately to figure this system out. I spent tons of game  money only to be able to have success inventing the most useless, low grade items around, and then find myself unable to buy more useful items readily available in stores.If its an RPG you crave, you can find a much better game out there. Star Ocean: Til the End of Time isn't worth your time.
There is exactly one reason that I hated this game:  poor AI (artificial intelligence).  In this game you control one character in battle, while you are accompanied by two other characters controlled by the computer AI.  These computer players are more of a reliability than anything.  You have a few choices for their behavior, but none of them seem to have a significant effect on how they fight.  It's really only two settings they have: rush recklessly into battle and die, or DO NOTHING.  First of all, why is there even a setting for doing nothing?  At least make them dodge enemies or something...  This was retarded.  Other than that, they always recklessly rush into battle and won't even dodge obvious attacks or back away from enemies when they're in danger.  So, they die off within one or two battles.And if you expect to heal them, think again.  They won't protect you, so you'll likely be interrupted by enemies when you try to heal them.  So they'll die, and then you can't even heal yourself because it takes too long to cast without someone protecting you from enemies.What this all means is this.  You're going to have to grind levels and fight for an hour on ridiculous enemies to move the story on for 20 minutes.  Then you'll repeat.And trust me, the enemies are ridiculous.  In one of the first dungeon areas, you fight these men in robes who yell out things like "No, my money!" and "I hate you!!".  These are fat men in robes in some ruins that are supposed to be inhabited by bandits.  WHAT ARE FAT ROBED MEN DOING IN BANDIT INFESTED RUINS?!  I'm sorry, it just is too ridiculous.Here's some of the good in this game.  The roleplaying aspect is pretty interesting, though awfully shallow.  By this I mean, your roleplaying doesn't change the story too significantly.  The exploring is OK... but still pretty lame.  Most treasure chests are filled with only healing berries (really lame).  There is a lot of voice acting, but it is pretty horrible.  The characters are shallow, and their actions and dialogue are unrealistic.Overall, it's just poorly designed.  Bad gameplay, story, and characters.
I thought this game was going to be okay well i was wrong ' see im new to the mario rpg games now and now the game just got boringWhy did it get boring ?Because its impossible to get passed chapter 7 section where mario has to walk on these blue panels to avoid being shocked ' I even asked how to do this but they said stay in the middle and thats what i did and still it did not work and they were not specific about it ' So i plan on selling this game to someone who is good at itIf you dont like hard difficult impossible games then this is not the game you want you ll just get annoyed and yell at the top of your lungs because you cant get passed nothing on here ' so the game is boring because i cant get passed chapter 7 and i give up on itOther then that it could be impossible to also get passed chapter 8 especially i heard the final boss has 150 HP thats alot ' and totally impossibleSo this is my opinion and feel free to flame me for itDont waste your money
This game is an over glorfication of how stupid Need For Speed has gotten. How much more punishment and abuse can this great classic take? Looks like Electronic Arts and its Executives thought it would be nice to suck its customers dry out of money. Damn Spongey Execs. I thought the NFS series couldn't get worse after the first Underground....I guess the dumbas*es at Electronic Arts proved me wrong. Its a pathetic excuse for a game. Hasn't anyone else found the connection yet. Hmm lets see when NFSU came out their was a familiar movie (Hint:Fast and the Furious). Ok so they copied the movie I can't blame them its hard to gain material for a game with a long history...But NFSU2 was a big dissapointment. The overall originality of the game was non-existent. Familiar enough the time NFSU2 came out so did "Too Fast Too Furious!" Wow... Thats really ironic. The game is full of advertisments which literally drive you away from the original concept of the game. As the huge NFS fan I was this just pushed me more towards Gran Turismo. Even Nitendo racing games like Formula One beat out this game on originality and gameplay. Playing this game is like playing a big advertisment...Not really my way of having fun. So if you want to join the rest of a**holes who enjoy playing a game with cheap graphics, shi**y music,no gameplay, and non-existent originality then by all means go ahead. If I were in your place I would stick with Formula One...It has a point.
All the Lord of the ring games are stupid but this one was really bad. The grafics are ok and the controls take a while to get used to and by the time you do it gets boring. Dont buy anthing that has Lord of The Ring on it because in a couple years all of it is going to be worth nothing.
Uggh. Where do I start with this? Well, maybe I should start by criticizing myself. I am a silly, silly person for ever believing that a monopolizing, greedy company that cares about nothing but exclusive licenses could know the first thing about RPGs. Now that I've given myself a firm lecture, I'll start in on this game.I'll begin at the beginning. You are placed in the shoes of an unattractive, personality-less "ranger" who you know and care nothing about. A few minutes into the game, he meets a female elf who, far from being awe-inspring and regal, as elves are meant to be, is about as exciting as a limp carrot. They find some sort of flimsy excuse to travel together, and off you go, finding more lifeless tag-along party members along the way. There is absoloutely no pretense of story. And seeing as it doesn't even follow the traditional Lord of the Rings storyline, the feeling that you are in the world of LOTR is just not there.Now that I've gotten past the atrocious characters and story, I'll move on to gameplay. The combat system works, I'll give it that, but seeing as it also worked in the 500 other RPGs it has been used in, this isn't much of an accomplishment. You select attacks from a menu, you watch everyone attack, and then the enemy takes their turn. I now firmly believe that someone must have snuck into the EA offices, taken out their trusty white-out, and wiped the word "innovation" from every single dictionary. It's the only possible excuse for such a bland experience.And here we are at yet another failure: The menu system. Seeing as you have to bring up the menu every five seconds to level up, allocate experience points, equip items, watch over-used movie clips, check to see if you have any sidequests (they just show up on the menu, there's no sort of "you have a new sidequest" alert) fix the skill tree, and listen to Ian McKellan talk, you'd think that it would at least be fun to navigate. Oh, no. The menu is plain black, with the tiniest, most hard-to-read text ever, and almost no pictures. After awhile, I developed such a severe case of menu-aversion syndrome that I didn't even care about trying on new equipment or leveling up anymore. Seeing as getting loot and upgrading yourself is the heart and soul of an RPG, this is a very, very bad thing.Overall, this game just annoyed me to no end. I sold it two days later, at a loss of $5. And let me tell you, it was the biggest waste of $5 ever in my life.
the reasons for the low rating have been covered: horrible camera angles, etc. just not a very good game. mgs was great but the last two have been horrible and not a lot of fun.avoid
This game is really boring. theres nothing new. no new game modes. no new roster. nothing. dont buy!! stick with the very old smackdown games or get smackdown vs raw 2007 that games the best
I am a fan of Suikoden series I, II, and III but IV is a completely different game.  Sure the name and the idea of 108 Stars of Destiny is there but the main character walks weird, the dialogue is too long, and is rather confusing going from room to room.  Suikoden III was excellent but I'm sad to even writing a negative review to one of my favorite series of all times.  Rent it first before forking over $40
Some people seem to think that Suikoden 4 is the best game ever, yet can't even write a decent review concerning it. Most people here seem to be too loyal to the original Suikodens to admit that this game is terrible. Suikoden 1 is my favorite game of all time so I actually know what im talking about.The graphics are horrid. The towns don't get better. There are literally 2 dungeons in the whole game that are absolutely terrible. The character models are bland and disproportional. The main character has eyes the size of grapefruits while other have regular eyes. What's worst, the enemy badguys are so incredibly unoriginal and boring to look at. There's some grass with mist floating over it. Grass is one of your monsters... These monsters aren't interesting like those leaves seen in previous Suikodens. All the monsters look stupid.The story has been done before. It deals with the Runes a little more, but doesn't really have much else to do with the previous Suikodens. Considering it takes place 300 years before the first, they can't put many original characters in(clive, flik, viktor). One of your first missions is to go to Middleport. When you arrive there, a man asks you to kill a monster in the sea. Apparently, it was just a black pot with the ability to call upon the water god. That was stupid and pointless.The battles quickly become repetitive, as they are constant. Random battles occur way too often. Breath of Fire for the GBA had this problem, but those battles you could deal with. This game has way too many easy battles. Upgrade at a blacksmith and buy some armor and you'll be unstoppable. The water battles would be fun if they weren't so strategically easy. If your enemies have lightning boats, get an earth rune cannon and he's dead. It's as simple as that. The duels don't occur enough. When they do, they are so easy as you just listen to what the opponents say and you win.The worst thing about this game are the little technical issues that Konami decided not to fix. For example, autopilot doesn't work ever. What they did for the islands was make large invisible barriers around them. When you first have to go to Middleport, cruise around the island it's on. You will realize that the collision size of the land is too big, and when you hit it, it will cause you to spin off into some weird direction. Another stupid thing is the way your character walks. He looks like he's sprinting but he doesn't move fast at all. Even worse, Konami made the characters swing their swords like idiots. When you hit an enemy, your character will walk up and lightly swing their sword. The sound of the sword hitting and the impact point are different. That sounds weird, but play it and you'll see what I mean.So how are the characters exactly? They must be good, considering there are 108. Well, some of them are. However, you quickly learn that Konami didn't know what to do with most characters. Snowe is constantly changing personalities. At first he's a brave fighter, than he falls on his arm and breaks it apparently. He then complains about it and runs away. 5 minutes later you see him rowing a boat. He then gets out and complains about how he cant move his arm. The commander believes him. How was he rowing that boat just now if he couldn't move is arm? Why is Snowe all of a sudden scared of battle. About 20 minutes earlier you got attacked and he was fine. And why did those guards let that one dude raise his hand up and summon his rune? Why didn't they just kill him? Things like this make the characters seem stupid and uneven.I would love to give this game a good review. I truly would. I loved the original Suikodens and Konami is better than this. One person said that the graphics were the best they have ever been in the series. No they aren't. They aren't the best in the series, and anyone can clearly tell you that. GMR reviewed the game and only gave it a 5 out of 10. This is a horrible score to recieve from them. The graphics are so bad to support the higher poly character models. Everything runs smooth, but it looks like crap. That leaves only one real question.Why do you think Konami is only selling this game for 40 bucks. Why won't they just sell it for 50? Maybe they know that it isn't that great, considering the screenshots released a year ago look exactly like the game now.
All reviews before 9/16/2004 are worthless!1ST of all, I don't know who these people are that post reviews before the game is even released but they should be completely ignored!!! Ego maniacs and know nothings wanting to prove they could do a review first I guess.Basically, this is the same game you have come to love - COD but with new missions. Nothing is really mind blowing or must have about this expansion pack.I bought this game on the 9/17/2004 at COMPUSA, installed it at 11PM on the 18th and within 4 hours on the 19th, I have finished the expansion pack.I really feel ripped off. $30 down the tubes almost.The missions are almost the same as before, infantry, blowing things up, driving a tank but some of the new battles are VERY fierce and challenging. You also get to play as a bomber gunner. There are some new weapons but nothing amazing. The flame thrower is cool but you really never get enough ammo or get the chance to use it under the right circumstances -  like flushing out a bunker!!The AI is the same. The graphics are the same. The mood/atmosphere is the same.The missions are still VERY scripted. Your men will not move forward until you do, they get in the way and will not move and block your shots still! The tanks won't go forward until you take heavy machine guns out...even though the tanks should provide infantry with firepower!!!Is this worth playing? YES. Is it worth $30.....barely.I would have paid $50 if they had made it longer and more in depth. Why not? The engine is already developed, the bulk of the work is done, now all you have to do is build the levels. I mean...I was done in 4 hours, on the Veteran difficulty setting!!! If I had to choose between spending my money on DOOM 3 or this, I would choose COD:UO. DOOM 3 is scary and edgy...and that is all. After the first level or so, scary gets old and you start looking for a good gameplay. COD:UO might be short but atleast it was thrilling.
Warning to Parents.  Nudity, Sex and Gore in this Game!!!  If you don't let your kids watch R-rated movies and play games like grandtheft auto don't buy this game.
It's ok until you get to the part where you have to walk through thin planks while avoiding traps. Trust me, that part is so frustrating that it made me hate this game so much!!! Stupid game designers who come up with stupid ideas like this should be fired!!! Anyway, I got past that but then came the final battle. I'd been playing in normal mode but then I has to switch to easy mode just to beat the final boss! Well that was fine, or so I thought. To unlock the bonuses, you have to beat God mode!!! well, by god mode they literally meant you have to be a god to beat it. yes, god because only a god can beat that ridiculously impossible difficulty level! In other words, you can forget about the "unlockables" because you won't be able to unlock them. zero replay value!!!
Please ignore all these one star reviews that nintendo nuts are giving the PSP. They are just angry Nintendo fanboys who are upset that they've been outdone in every concievable way yet again by Sony. Nintendo never learns, and when their backs are turned, Sony always comes in and takes over their market. They did it with the N64 and now they are doing it with the PSP. The PSP is the ultimate hand held gaming machines that is worth every penny. Want to know why its more expensive than the DS? Thats because it has better games, graphics, and can do alot more than just play games.These reviwers are little kids who can't afford a beautiful PSP and so they are mad because mummy and daddy won't buy it for them and so they are stuck with their ultra cheap crappy Nintendo DS so they feel they have to stick up for their crappy hand held no matter how awful it really is. Want to know why the DS is much cheaper? Thats because you get what you pay for. Cheap system for cheap money. It costs so little because it plays like a ten year old garbage console. You want to complain about dead pixels? How about 3D games that are so pixelated you can barely see what's going on screen. Thats what you get with the DS. Oh and don't forget those ten year old Game Boy games you can play....wow....how...exciting.Do yourself a favor. Get yourself or your kid a PSP because anything else is just embarassing.
I'm a huge fan of Kingdom Hearts. But this game is such a let down. The card system puts me to sleep. It's incredibly annoying. I don't like cards. Any type of cards. But I love Kingdom Hearts. Unfortunately, cards ruined it. I'm looking forwards to Kingdom Hearts 2. I don't think I'll ever finish playing Chain of Memories though. Too boring.
It was not a good remake and I'd rather play the original then the remake. Overall, I rate this game 1/5.
The game says play as Mario, Luigi, Wario, and Yoshi...this is true but you do not get to select characters starting the game, you just start as yoshi as have to unlock the rest which is beyond stupid, this game is big enough without have to unlock characters, espessially MARIO!!!!  This is the same exact game as Mario 64 which I hate with the new feature of unlocking Mario, Wario and Luigi...WOW.  If you bought Mario 64 don't but this it's the same boring game, get New Super Mario DS it's much better and even better than the turd new Super Mario Wii.
This was much better on Nintendo 64. This is just Nintendo milking like they usually do. The 3ds doesn't work well for this game.
I have played TONS of Mario games. I got a Wii for X-mas in 2012, and a 3DS in December 2013. I never had the original DS, but the 3DS can play DS and DSi games. I've heard great reviews for this AND the original N64 game. Super Mario 64 is often said to be the best Mario game ever. I played the N64 version first on the Wii. The game was somewhat fun, but the horrible controls and the terrible movement of Mario & camera angles made it 1-star. I heard this game had new stars & characters, so I got it. Plus, because it was a game released in 2004, (ten yrs. old), the camera angles and graphics would be better than the game on the N64 (1996). I was wrong by a long shot.First, the &#34;New characters&#34; thing is stupid. It's a pain in the butt to have to switch from Yoshi to Mario and back to Yoshi for some stars. The &#34;pick up a Wario hat and you're now Wario!&#34; thing is lame because make one error, and you gotta start the whole level over again. I did not like this new feature at all. It's one area that the horrible N64 version is superior to the terrible DS version.Second, the graphics are a nightmare. The graphics look worse than on an N64! They bother my eyes, and you'll keep dying because you can't see where your going or where the goomba chasing you went! Three seconds later, he hits you and you have to grab a coin to restore it. Easy, right? Wait! I can't tell where the coin is! OK, I'm exaggerating a bit, but not by too much.Third, the controls are very confusing. The &#34;Touch screen&#34; thing is a fail. You have to drag your finger while looking at both screens at the same time!  If you are playing this on the old DS, your other option is the control pad. I never did good with control pads except on the Wii, so they might not be too bad. I'm glad I had a 3DS with the thumb-stick which is OK, I guess. But why &#34;B&#34; to jump? &#34;A&#34; is a much better fit for this! They used &#34;Y&#34; for sprint(good) and &#34;A&#34; for punch(bad). The controls overall are a complete mess that is not necessary.Third, the sound is horrible. That annoying music! Poor sound quality! That stupid sound Mario makes when he punches! These are all in here.Overall, Super Mario 64 DS is on par with Super Mario 64(N64), which both suck. Super Mario 64 is not how 3-D platforming should be done. For the price of 30 US dollars, this is not worth it. Rent it before buying it. It's not worth one cent to me. If you're looking for a 3D Mario game on the go, buy Super Mario 3D Land, with charming graphics, nice music, and good controls & gameplay. If you want a list of Mario games in order, here it is:Best:1. Super Mario Galaxy 2 (Wii)2. Super Paper Mario (Wii)3. Super Mario Galaxy (Wii)4. Super Mario 3D Land (3DS)5. Paper Mario (N64)Worst:1. Super Mario 64/Super Mario 64 DS (N64, DS)2. Super Mario Bros. 2 (NES)3. Super Mario World  (SNES)4. Super Mario Bros. 3  (NES)5. Super Mario Sunshine (GCN)Overall, for this, buy the far superior Super Mario Galaxy 2. This game may be fun at first, but you'll fell yourself exploding with rage due to bad music, bad graphics, bad controls, and the game being simply TOO HARD TO BE FUN.
lego star wars is a pleasant surprise. don't be turned off by the kiddie lego graphics, because it's a great and entertaining game. the only reason i've given this a poor rating is because the gamecube version is a prettier and much better playing game than this one (and it's cheaper!).
The world's most successful film series meets the world's most successful toy in the epic video game LEGO Star Wars. This brilliantly conceived alliance blends the unique world and designs of LEGO play materials with the unforgettable characters, stories and vehicles of the prequel eras of the Star Wars universe.Play the most memorable and exhilarating scenes from The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones and the forthcoming Episode III Revenge of the Sith including pod racing on Mos Espa, the repelling of the droid onslaught in the Genosian arena and Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon's fatal fight with Darth Maul. Besides controlling the likes of Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, Anakin Skywalker and R2-D2, notorious dark side enemies such as Jango Fett, Darth Maul and Count Dooku appear in thrilling showdowns. As you progress through the game you unlock many new characters including those from the Dark Side, and you must switch between them to solve puzzles using their special abilities.
Since the Sony fanboys have decided that now is the time to start some kind of flamewar about the supposedly lowly DS I guess I will stoop to your level.  Well maybe not that low.  I will actually tell the truth.  The truth says that the DS is outselling the PSP in the US, the UK and Japan.  The truth says that the DS has almost 100 games while the PSP has only 30.  By the way most of them are old ports of Playstation games.  ENJOY!  The truth says that no matter how much you want it to the movie Spiderman 2 still looks like crap when viewed on a 3 inch screen.  Crowd in boys and girls this is gonna be great!  The truth says that it sucks waiting 20 minutes for a game/movie to load and then watching your batteries run out.  And finaly the truth says that in the end specs don't mean jack.  Good gameplay equals longevity.  Sony thanks God that the world is full of stupid people.  Otherwise the PSP would still be sitting on the shelves.  Remember.  The truth doesn't lie.  Have fun with Frogger guys!  (One of the cutting edge 39 dollar titles for the PSP.)
The Nintendo DS and the PSP might as well be the next Virtual Boy systems. I mean, both don't really have any point, the games suck, and are ridiculously overpriced. 250 bucks? What a rip off. The movie/ sequel movie to Final Fantasy 7 called "Advent Children" is going to be released for PSP, and not DVD, which to me is a huge let-down. I refuse to pay 250 bucks just to watch a movie, sorry. Beside Advent Children, this thing doesn't have much of anything. All of the games here are rehashes of old Playstation games or crappy new games that don't really have any playing value. I mean, "metal gear acid" , what the hell? I think these days developers will go to any extent to try and cash in. These days, video game developers will seem to do almost anything to higher their profit margin. Like other people have said, the same games that are released for PS2 will be ported out to this system in watered-down versions, highering their profit. I find this ridiculous. What ever happened to sitting down and enjoying GOOD video games? These days video games are all about money and graphics, and frankly I dont care for it any more. GBA is the only worthwile portable system, having classic snes and NES games available to play anywhere you want. The problem I have with portable systems is that the games are usually not that great to begin with, and you add the fact that they cost 40 bucks and it makes it pointless. I mean, the PS2 costs 150 bucks...so why pay 100 bucks MORE than a actual PS2 for some stupid unimpressive portable system...I dont get it. People are just stupid, and Sony knows this, so they are cashing in on the stupidity. I prefer to stick to console systems, the games are better, the sound is better, the screen is bigger and it isnt as awkward to play, and in many cases even the games are cheaper. All in all, the PSP is just a ridiculous waste of money, and I would advise everyone to stay away from it. If you want to play good video games buy a regular Nintendo, SNES, or N64 and PS1, those systems have real games. I dont consider myself a gamer, and I am not some lame "fanboy", but I do enjoy playing video games, mainly old school stuff, though. If you are like me, you will not like this. If you want to dish out 250 bucks for a piece of crap, go ahead.
well i bought the psp because the graphics are nice. but i became frustrated with the lack of games and the short battery life so i traded it in for store credit and got a ds. i thought it would be cool to watch umd movies and play music, but i didn't end up using it that much as i have a portable dvd player and the umd titles aren't that numerous. the clincher was when i found out that nintendo was releasing the play-yan in late 2005, which allows ds users to watch mpeg movies and play mp3s. plus the games are so much better on the ds with many more great ones to come. the ds's graphics aren't as good (and i'm not too fond of the touch screen), but with games like jump superstars, castlevania, nintendogs, new super mario brothers, etc. and the ability to play gba games (legend of zelda: the minish cap, mario and luigi superstar saga, etc.) the ds is a much much better handheld, in my opinion. and it's battery lasts 10x as long.
Lets face it, the DS is a new, innovative system. It may not have the best grafics, but it will have some new, fun, interesting games. The PSP, on the other hand, is just an upgrade on the GBA, just better grafics. No new content. nothin. zip. nada.
Is the PSP really worth that 250$$?  Honestly, why get a PSP when you have a PS2(and if you don't have one get one now cause it's cheaper then the PSP!!)Devil May Cry?  Metal Gear?  VIEWTIFUL JOE!!!  NEED FOR SPEED AND TONY HAWK!!  Haven't I seen these game before!!  The PSP is just sequals/rehashed/remade games of past PS or PS2 games that you have a better time playing on a console...Sony is just trying to rip you people off!  Plus the PSP games are just way too overpriced!!!  50 bucks for a game!!!  A PORTABLE GAME!!  GET REAL!!!PSP=a cheap way for SONY to get $$$...but hey this is just my opinion, I could be wrong, and please people..don't overract to my comment just because I'm speaking my mind.  So don't flame me just because I'm being harsh on my opinion..Other then that....Get or or Don't...in my mind it's just mini versions of PS games..
What a disappointment. The Nintendo DS is something of a joke and now the PSP comes out and it's worse. The console's setup is simply ugly. When you glance at it, it looks fine, but why must there be buttons up and down the system -- with features that could just as easily be on a menu screen? And why is the system so fragile? And, lastly, why doesn't it work? I inserted a disc into the first PSP I bought and the machine spit it out, shattering the disc. I exchanged the game and the PSP, went home and experienced the DREADED dead pixels. With two broken PSPs, I decided to cut my losses (since I can't return the game) and return the system. The PSP did have potential, but it turned out all wrong. If Sony wanted it to work as an iPod, they should have included a bigger memory card. Does anyone feel like paying another $150.00 for memory, after paying $250.00 for a console? If Sony wanted to make a portable system, they should have gone with cartridges or flash memory (something the Nintendo DS got right). If they wanted it to play movies (the most unneeded feature ever seen in a portable GAMING system) -- they should gotten out of the gaming business and went into selling portable DVD players (bigger screens, better picture and they play the DVDs you already own). The proprietary game and movie discs -- which are grossly overpriced (the movies have no extras, the games are $20.00 more than DS or GBA games) -- burn the batteries out FAST. I played for just over 2 and a half hours when the batteries died (the pixels were dead from the beginning). Sony -- when are you going to get some quality control folks at HQ?!? A quarter of the PS2's first released were broken (including the first one I bought). The PSP is deja vu all over again. I'd like to say the Nintendo DS is a nice alternative, but with its HORRIBLE ergonomics (holding it with your left hand while trying to use the stylus with your right becomes painful after a few minutes) and lack of decent games, I just can't. Right now, I'd say hold off on both systems and stick to the Gameboy Advance. If you feel you MUST own a new handheld, I'd take the DS over the PSP, being that they both pretty much suck, but at least the DS is durable and isn't broken out of the box (and is $100.00 cheaper and $20.00 less per game title). Plus, the stylus on the DS makes for incredibly fun gameplay (when done right, which it rarely is) -- if you can handle the pain you'll be feeling in your hands and arms, after a few minutes. For comfort, I would have to give the PSP a higher rating than I'd give the DS. It wasn't bad to hold onto. If it actually worked and had some decent titles, it may even be a keeper. As things are, I'd say wait until November, when the new GameBoy comes out (rumor has it it will be able to play GameCube games directly) and pick one up. If you're still set on buying a PSP, I'd wait a few more months, until Sony gets them working properly. By that point, the price will have also dropped (I'm guessing they'll be $149.99 to compete with the next GameBoy's $99.99 price tag in November).
First off let me explain, I am posting this as a 2014 review. That being said, this game simply doesn't hold up to games as of now, the acceleration is dependent of you pressing &#34;up&#34; on the directional pad and the targeting system s flawed to the point of being a targeting system of machine guns. Sure there are homing missiles here and there but I think this game is better left as a distant memory of how fun it was on PS1. I have fond memories of playing this on PS1 and playing with every character storyline, no doubt by today's standards in the late 90's I would've received a platinum trophy for my achievements but sadly this game also shadows how far we have come in modern gaming.If you must rekindle yesteryear by all means buy it but go into it with a very skeptical heart and not the newfound hope of rekindling yesteryear. I know I've used rekindle too many times so rekindle your bank account and buy need for speed on PSP.
it's supposed to be the killer app for the dying psp. oops. i had hope for this one because vice city was the only good gta game (gtaiii and san andreas= very overrated and very poorly done). i'm afraid this one is quite disappointing, although its graphics are almost as good as the horrible san andreas's (the worst ps2 graphics of any game). many people who held on to their psps hoping it would get better are now in line at their local video games store trading them in for the much superior nintendo ds and a pack of gum. the psp is dead in the water, and the xbox 360 just might do the same to the ps3 and its hard-to-program-for architecture. sony= the new sega...
I liked the original tetris.  Not to complex, pretty addicting.  I even liked bust a move.  So with all the good reviews of this game, I thought I'd give it a spin.  I did and regretted it immediately.  This is way to complex to catch on in any similar fashion to tetris.  Your grandma could play tetris or bust a move.  She will never get this game.Bottom Line:  Polarity blows this one out of the water on the DS.  Will I keep it?  Nope.  Is it for kids?  Nope.  Too complex.
I was playing Madden 2002 and thought it was time to upgrade, i'm so sorry I did. I won't repeat what everyone has said about the horrible new QB system, but I found a number of other features very annoying--and absent. Why can't we turn off the annoying salary cap? If we want to make a super-team, let us. After all we paid way to much for this game already.
Get the travel case, instead, it really doesn't protect it that much, althoug it is confy for handling, more confy than the travel case.I'd get it if I don't really take the PSP out of my house, because I don't feel it protects it from a fall or rough handling.
"black" is a perfect example of a game that looks cool but does nothing above sub-par.  there's no story (you hear military-sounding dialogue over your radio that doesn't mean anything, oh yay), the weapons are cool enough but nothing new..  most of this could be overlooked IF IT WERE A FUN SHOOTING GAME, but alas, it's not, not at all.  the controls suck.. aiming isn't done well (especially compared to a game like urban chaos: riot response), and it takes too long to move your view around.  really i'd rather play pretty much any FPS game over this one.
I have this, but it's so NOT memorable, that I can't even remember enough about it to review it.
I would agree with anybody that the 1999 Soul Calibur on Dreamcast was a Masterpiece. I really loved that game. But that was 6 years ago!There is nothing new about Soul Cabibur 3. It's just the same old stuff that you had already played for hundreds of hours years ago.There are a few new moves and combos, but the new moves just turn the game into a "Button Masher". Which means you can easily  beat the game by rapidly mashing the attack button. The previous games made you think a little about your strategy, but now there is NO strategy or real skill involved.Plus it's on Playstation, so you know what type of graphics your getting (the worst graphics out of the 3 systems).
I really like this game- it can be frustrating at first to figure out how to control a constantly rolling ball, but it's fun and not too difficult to figure out. That said, I had collected medals and moved on several stages when the saved file disappeared. I didn't erase it or save over it- I just turned it on one day and it was gone. Nintendo's return policy for it's own games states that you must have the receipt within 90 days to return -which is ridiculous- why would you keep it? You can't return new games! I think it would be also ridiculous to spend $30 on a used copy on Amazon (or $40 for a new one!!) and have the same glitch happen. I am very dissatisfied with Nintendo right now!!
The game has decent graphics. Destroying building with your flying saucer is fun at first but gets tedious. The "stealth" based missions are frustrating. With no mission save points if you make a mistake, then you may find yourself forced to start the mission over.The hardest flaw in the game for me to get over is the blatant pushing of liberal politics. It takes cheap shots at President George W. Bush with sayings like "I should have joined the Texas Air National Guard. Now that would be some easy duty." Both Nixon and Sen. Joe McCarthy are mocked. Communism is treated like an imaginary threat or a conspiracy theory. When you scan the brains of many pedistrian NPCs, they have homosexual thoughts. Who thinks that is fun? Who is the target audience here?The developer is located in Australia. I think they have a flawed  image of the United States of America. They certainly have little idea what is fun.
At first glance, playing this game doesn't seem like an experience that feels like tanning directly under the ozone's hole. But don't be fooled. Underneath the sunny exterior lies a sinister, insidious force that leaves you burnt to a crisp.The graphics are gorgeous. Watching the first few cutscenes left me with a slack jaw, and the in-game graphics are head and shoulders above most everything else I've seen. Character models are incredibly vibrant, colors are bright, and everything seems bathed in a soft glow. If these visuals could somehow be transplanted into a completely different game, we might have something here.The battle system earns a solid "meh". At least it's not the mess that we bore witness to in Star Ocean 3, but it's very mindless hack 'n slash. I just wish I had something more to do than mash the attack button!As all RPG fans know, though, exploration, not battle, is the heart of this genre. In my opinion, a successful RPG must somehow get the player excited about exploring towns and talking to NPCs. However, this is the area in which RS emits an endless, unforgivable stream of greenhouse gases.If you believe the PR, there is supposedly a real-time system that lets you recruit characters and complete sidequests as the day passes. But there are not nearly enough sidequests to do, and time passes veeeeery slowly...and the only way to fill it is with what I believe is the stupidest implementation of this generation: "dueling" the townsfolk.In order to be of proper level to proceed, you must provoke NPCs into fighting you. The problem? Most of these NPCs are as strong, if not stronger, than a boss, and you must fight them without the aid of your allies. This is extremely frustrating. I felt conned; nowhere in any of the reviews or other coverage of this game was this mentioned.Overall, RS made me feel stymied. Too much frustration, too little to do, and the added fact that you keep feeling like you "should" love it. Additionally, the game's much-touted humor seems like it was aimed at brain-damaged chimpanzees, although I admit that this is a matter of personal preference. I advise you to avoid this game, and all others by the developer, until Tri-Ace gets its act together.
While this game was colorful and pretty easy I stopped playing it about the time  your party ends up going to the king and the king 'checks out' the female in the party. The screen focuses on her bust area and her bottom area . There are other comments up to this point that are inappropriate for children and teens . I just thought "Really?" Dissapointed since this was the first dragon quest that I had ever played even though I often saw them on the SNES in Japan. I sold my copy.
I finished the game and had to write a review on this game because it was so bad.  The game is basically a button-mashing game with no excitement.  I found myself trudging through the game just so that I could finish it.  Otherwise I would have spent a lot of money for nothing.  If you are a novice gamer, you will get bored with this game.  If you are a veteran gamer, you will stop playing in ten minutes.  Don't waste your money on this game.  It felt like a game the company rushed to put out in order to cash in on the super hero craze and/or holiday spending.  There are many games out there that are super hero games out there that are a whole lot better like X-Men Legends I and II.  They even came out way before this dud.
The controls suck especially the camera angels, I got bored with this after an hour. One of the worst games I ever bought.
I've got so many projects on the burner that occasionally I buy a brand-new game and don't get around to taking the shrink-wrap off for years.  This is such a case.  But I finally finished it.  Though I enjoyed "Vice City" tremendously, I won't be playing the next installment of "Grand Theft Auto."  Here's why.Have you ever noticed that, in the words of Margo Timmins, "living's mostly wasting time"?  Well, I have.  A very small percentage of your time actually goes to doing THE THING.  Most of the time you're simply getting ready to do THE THING.  You're standing in line for THE THING, registering for THE THING, arranging payments for THE THING, stuck in traffic trying to get to the THE THING, struggling to get THE THING working on your computer, etc.Well, video games have reached such a level of graphic realism that when you're, say, driving a car down the street in "Grand Theft Auto:  San Andreas," it really looks like you're driving a car down the street!  It even feels and sounds like a car!  Same with the bicycle, the truck, the motorcycle, etc.The problem with this game is that DRIVING A CAR THROUGH TRAFFIC IS BORING!  So is walking down the street!I don't know how much time I spent in this game simply covering distance.  At first I didn't mind it, but after hours and hours spent this way (the video game is far and away the longest I've ever played -- really epic), you find yourself putting your iPod on to stave off the boredom.  The boredom of a video game!Yes, folks.  This game thinks nothing of having you fail a mission, then leaving you in the middle of the desert with no way of getting back to town.  The programmers must have thought it was funny, but I don't.This could have been fixed easily with a "restart mission" function, but I believe the programmers deliberately neglected to include something like that because they thought players would find it amusing walking hours through the desert.  I certainly didn't.  I mean, video games are THE THING that you spent hours in traffic so that you can play.  When they themselves are tedious and repetitive, there's something basically wrong with the cosmos.Now, due to the variegated entertainment herein, I was on the point of forgiving the gamemakers and pronouncing the game tolerable after all.  That was until I got to the maddeningly pointless mission, "Flight School."  (You can read more details about that particular one elsewhere.)  But that held up the game's progress for DAYS, so difficult was it.  By the time I finished, I forgot what my character was doing and had lost any emotional connection to the game.  It's not that "Flight School" was particularly difficult (though it was), it was that it was, like the rest of the game, a recreation of everyday life that was a little too convincing.Here's my guess for what happens in the next outing:  your character has to brush his teeth, launder his underwear, and get his cholesterol checked.
Okay...it's like this: I've been playing video games for almost 20 years now, and X-Men Legends II has secured a special place in my hall of shame as the most problematic, bug-ridden game EVER.  And this is a darn abominable shame, because the game itself is actually a lot of fun.First of all, the game loves to crash on me when I least expect it.  When I visit Beast/Forge's shop and choose the "see equipment" option, the game will sometimes kick me out to the title screen!  And if I haven't saved my game in the last 5 seconds, bye-bye unsaved progress!  The same thing tends to happen when I'm using the Danger Room computer, or using an Xtraction Point to change my team: the screen will go black, and I'll find myself back at the title screen.The Hero Stash is another source of frustration.  You're allowed to keep up to 60 things in there, but I've discovered that anytime I exceeded 15, all the equipment from Beast/Forge's shop that was for sale would just vanish.  That's right; Beast/Forge would suddenly just stop selling stuff to you (except for potions and the Grab Bag), and I could not get the shop to start offering stuff again, even after I got rid of some stuff from the Hero Stash.Also, you probably noticed that defeated enemies and breakable objects often cough up tech bits and, more rarely, armor and equipment.  I've noticed that all this stops right around the end of Chapter 2: I can't get any money (tech bits) from that point on, no matter how many enemies I beat!  How the HECK am I supposed to buy potions and armor and equipment without any money?All these bugs have screwed up my save data permanently several times already, and I've had to start the game over from the beginning each time, hoping that I can do something differently each time to avoid the bugs, but no such luck.  Frankly, I'm now sick of trying.What was Raven Software doing with this game???  Did they even have a Quality Assurance department?  Hey Raven, you guys NEED to come out with X Men Legends 3, and you NEED to address the bugs.  That's the ONLY way you'll make up for releasing an UNFINISHED game onto the market.  And you guys'd better make sure this NEVER happens again.
It's all too easy to draw parallels between Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog. The classic mascot characters have endured the years to become videogame icons, recognized and loved by millions of game addicts around the globe. Nintendo's fat, Italian plumber helped pioneer the platformer genre and SEGA's blue hedgehog transformed it completely, placing a new emphasis on speed and rollercoaster-inspired level designs. In the old days, Mario and Sonic stood on even ground, each taking lead roles in an impressive selection of critically acclaimed titles. But as the years passed and consoles become more and more powerful, Mario's inevitable jump to the third dimension faired much better than Sonic's. Case in point: Super Mario 64 is remembered even today as one of the greatest games of all time. Sonic Adventure for Sega Dreamcast is conversely thought of as a flawed, but still enjoyable sequel by hardcore fans, and an altogether broken platformer by everybody else.It is more than a little puzzling, therefore, that developers SEGA Studios USA and Sonic Team continue to draw upon that archaic, clunky design for various Hedgehog-based sequels. Sonic Adventure 2, for instance, hit Dreamcast and was later ported to GameCube with the same fundamental mechanics and shortcomings that blemished the original title. And now, the software house has created Shadow the Hedgehog for GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox, a game that looks and plays like it was designed for Dreamcast a full six years ago. Sonic's darker half occasionally shines in the same way that its predecessors did -- namely, with an impressive sense of speed and dazzling stages complete with trademark twists and turns. And it's solely for these reasons that anybody who defends the original Sonic Adventure will probably like Shadow's one. Alternatively, though, players unimpressed with Sonic's Dreamcast outings will find more of the same here, and unlike a fine wine, age has not improved the formula.Identity CrisisShadow the Hedgehog seems to be Sonic Team's unofficial attempt at aging up its platformer games and as a result the title regularly deals with slightly darker and more convoluted themes that center on the balance between good and evil. The story is kick-started by a gorgeously rendered full-motion animation cinematic that introduces players to the troubled Hedgehog, who has recently lost his memory and is struggling to come to grips with his place in the world. The tale picks up after the events in Sonic Heroes and consequently Shadow can only vaguely recall in flashbacks that there was a girl named Maria, he may have loved her, and she was murdered.Shadow isn't allowed much alone time before his thought process is so rudely interrupted by the sounds of war and destruction. An alien threat called Black Arms explodes onto the scene and demolishes everything in its path, including nearby city skyscrapers. This is, again, all illustrated in impressive FMA cut-scenes that seasoned Sonic fans will undoubtedly appreciate. Shadow observes this phenomenon with a level of indifference before he is approached by a demon-like figure known as Black Doom, who leads the extraterrestrial forces. The menacing entity acts as though he knows Shadow and commands the Hedgehog to retrieve the seven powerful Chaos Emeralds located throughout the land. The anti-hero begrudgingly agrees, but only because Black Doom promises to restore his memory immediately after the artifacts are collected.This oddball setup is supposed to extend into and become an integral part of the gameplay experience. Shadow is out for himself and therefore he can and in fact does switch allegiances depending on the preferences of players. The hedgehog can be made to carry out Black Doom's commands, or he can switch sides and team up with Sonic and friends, or even Dr. Eggman. Changing teams is as simple as tapping the D-Pad during gameplay. One quick tap and Shadow will find himself being guided to various goals, such as destroying G.U.N. troops, for Black Doom. Another tap and Sonic and friends will appear at his side to fight against the Black Arms.The concept itself is intriguing primarily because it enables gamers to choose different paths for themselves as the hero advances through the adventure. The choices made will have a direct bearing on the stages that follow thanks to a branching storyline that allows for several possible paths and endings. This is a clever way to extend replay value and we're confident that completionists will play through the title several times, switching allegiances, so that they may see everything that there is to see.However, observing the unique goals per different allegiances is a messy undertaking marred by poor design. The fact of the matter is that any level of serious planned strategizing is wholly unobtainable in the intensely frantic makeup of the game, whose mechanics perpetually dart Shadow forward with both limited visibility and control. In turn, even when gamers are trying to fight alongside Sonic and friends, they will accidentally dispose of hordes of allies and even zoom into and activate switches or complete puzzle components that they should ignore. This truth renders the entire operation of choosing sides more or less useless.Speed, Loops and Guns, But Very Little FunDreamcast owners will already have an unfortunately accurate idea of how Shadow the Hedgehog plays (and for that matter, looks). To be brief, like Sonic Adventure before it. What this means is that speed and forward momentum are emphasized over control, puzzles, or to be frank, depth. Honestly, that isn't always a bad thing. Shadow, like Sonic before him, has his redeeming gameplay moments. We're referring to the rollercoaster-like stages complete with loop-de-loops, corkscrews and pinball bouncers that send the hedgehog zigzagging up and down environments at remarkable speeds. Because these scenarios are still plentiful, undeterred supporters of Sonic Team's efforts will undoubtedly find something to like about Shadow's quest.That noted, these thrill-ride fundamentals have outworn their welcome, as far as we're concerned. Just because they dazzled players six years ago does not mean that Sonic Team can copy and paste exactly the same loops and spins into each new franchise iteration and expect everyone to be happy with the outcome. Admittedly, Shadow is at its best when the character is zipping through 360s and or skating a rollercoaster track. But it's also during these moments that the game plays itself. It is, in fact, possible, for participants to put their controllers down for seconds at a time and simply watch what unfolds. How is relinquishing control for what amounts to watching Shadow tumble through a scripted corkscrew a rewarding play environment?Unfortunately for Sonic's darker half, there are all-new problems exclusive to his adventure. The very first level in Shadow the Hedgehog is a shining example of spectacularly lackluster game design and probably one of the worst single stages that we've played in any title for many months. The reluctant hero is thrust into a drab environment and immediately nudged forward -- right into a progression of objects, including obstructing walls and enemies. Disappointingly, the platformer also features a horrendously malfunctioned camera system that catches on environments or even occasionally runs amok for no particular discernible reason. The result? Commonly frustrating undertakings where the goal is to burst forward and gain speed, but before that can happen Shadow crashes into enemies and loses rings, or simply goes careening off a ledge. These impossibly trying outcomes are worsened because Shadow moves loosely through the worlds he explores, which at times makes precision navigation an insurmountable hurdle.The character can, unlike Sonic, wield a number of imposing weapons, from massive swords to explosive projectiles. But in a move that again harkens back to the days of Dreamcast, there is no lock-on system in place and therefore what is a simple process in other titles is overly complex and cumbersome here. Successfully targeting and unloading a bazooka shot at an enemy may as well be left to chance. Sonic Team has positioned Shadow's gunplay as a primary selling point to the platformer, but in practice the mechanics are really not that enjoyable.Recycled technology and replicated production values have ensured that Shadow the Hedgehog looks and sounds almost exactly like its Sonic-based predecessors. To Sonic Team's credit, there are more than 20 levels in the game and each is varied in design. Some areas have a futuristic look to them while others feature large metropolis backgrounds and more still take Shadow through lava and forest settings. Meanwhile, the game engine draws long, stretching locales populated with a moderate number of polygonal characters. And on GameCube and Xbox, the fluidity usually aspires for the 60 frames per second mark with some dips. The PlayStation 2 version is noticeably more sluggish despite the fact that it is visually lacking compared to its counterparts. And yet, these are small graphic victories, especially when held to today's more robust standards. Shadow oftentimes looks like it could have been designed for Dreamcast simply because the worlds and characters lack polygon numbers, which leads to a generally square presentation void of curvy shapes. Worse is that many of the game's textures are downright muddy, especially when the camera malfunctions and pans up close, as it consistently does. And overall character animation is primitive and incomplete when compared to the majority of today's games.Shadow the Hedgehog is proof that Sonic Team needs to get with the program if it plans to compete with legitimate current and next- generation software. This is Sonic Adventure with guns and less polish, and players today are far more discerning than they were six years ago. Diehard Sonic fans will cling to the fact that the title still conjures up corkscrews and loop-de-loops, as well as an impressive sense of speed when Shadow really gets moving, and this is all true. But this doesn't make up for the game's long list of shortcomings, from stupid level design, unrefined controls and useless gunplay to disappointingly outdated graphics.
Sonic the Hedgehog on the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 has gotten arguably the worst rep. of any Sonic game out there, but there's one game I can easily recall that deserves as much negativity. That game is THIS monstrosity. I was at least able to find Sonic 06 to be a guilty pleasure of some sort, but THIS game is just BAD! There's a lot of questions raised that shouldn't even be here in the first place! Why does Shadow have to have weapons? Why do the characters curse all of a sudden? To make the game &#34;edgy&#34;? Give me a break! Arguably the worst offender in this is: Why do there have to be branching paths?Truth be told, I bought Shadow the Hedgehog (via FeaturePoints for Amazon gift cards....Didn't exactly use real money) just to play through its &#34;neutral&#34; pathway in the game, which only requires me to get to the end of each level, and nothing more. There was a bit of fun to be had (In fact, the gunplay isn't too shabby), but that fun was bombarded with tons of unnecessary things!The level design is bad. In the first level, Westopolis, don't be surprised if you run straight into several inexplicable explosions while just trying to get a move on. Other levels don't exactly have as much frustrations, but there are still general problems like not being able to get a good view of where to jump at certain points, and control that feels slipperier than in Sonic Heroes. Instances such as the Shadow clones to fight in one of the later levels, though, get very tedious. Playing through the game would really suck if you do not grab a gun to shoot with, because Shadow's Homing Attacks don't deal damage nearly as quick, and you can FORGET about his punch/kick attacks!If you thought the voice actors in Sonic Heroes were too cringing for you, then you're going to be absolutely ANNOYED with the new 4Kids/Sonic X voice cast's work done here! At nearly every turn in a level, a character Shadow meets earlier in the level feels the need to say something! And if you're not doing what he/she says you should do, the character will just complain or scold at you for not doing so. Leave me alone, NPCs! Either way, the voices here are AWFUL (With the lone exceptions being Sonic and Dr. Eggman)! Yes, I even disliked Shadow's new voice actor. He didn't even sound much like Shadow in the game!You'd think at least the music would be good right? Welll.......not really. Shadow the Hedgehog's soundtrack is mostly crappy, with few exceptions.If all of that wasn't bad enough, you apparently are not supposed to be happy with the ending you get after playing through the handful of levels you've chosen to play through. YEP! In one playthrough, you just have to play six levels, but for the sake of replayability, doing a Hero or Evil mission will lead you to different levels entirely, but each and every mission in this game (With exceptions being to just make it to the end of a level) is a boring, dull, painful chore. Most of them consist of nabbing excessive amounts of objects. I'll leave it at that.Oh, did I say &#34;for the sake of replayability&#34;? Oh I'm sorry. What I meant to say was &#34;for the sake of UNLOCKING THE FINAL STORY SEGMENT&#34;. Yeah....Like Sonic Adventures and Heroes, there's a Final Story segment. They really shouldn't have done that for this kind of game! It completely throws the whole premise out the window!Ugh.....I believe I've gone long enough here. Just stay away from this title if you're looking for an even decent Sonic title. Whether it be the Adventure titles, Heroes, or even recent ones like Sonic Colors, Generations, or Unleashed, they're ALL better than this game. Steer clear.
ID was the creator of the FPS genre with Wolfenstein and the original DOOM. After DOOM there was DOOM II, then Quake, etc, etc. John Carmack is a terncho-genius and has pushed technology developers to the edge to support ever-better looking gaming expeirences. And then it ends like this. Pressing out tripe dressed in dazzling graphics. I got bored with DOOM3 1/3 of the way in. No story or a lame attempt haven't played since. Same dark narrow passages, same dingy boring design, blah, blah, blah. ID turned into their worst nightmare...potential genius drowned in corporate greed.Buy Half Life 2 or F.E.A.R.
Back in the mid to late 1990s two major Application Programming Interfaces managed to dominate the PC game scene - DirectX and OpenGL, so much so that graphics hardware developers like ATI and NVIDIA built hardware around these APIs. OpenGL seemed to enjoy a life with game developers who used Silicon Graphics workstations (SGI) to create models and animations for games and film. We could buy high-end OpenGL graphics cards that where up to 64mb back in the days when 8mb cards where mainstream. Even the Nintendo 64 built some of its architecture around OpenGL graphics. In the year 2004 the high end 256mb cards where quickly bought up to enjoy the power of games like "Half-Life 2" and "Doom 3" (in fact "HL2" was the only reason for the upgrade). "Doom 3" is an OpenGL game and looked amazing. "Half-Life 2" used DirectX 9 where previously Half-Life 1 offered both OpenGL and DirectX support. Because "Doom3" was so dark it led many to wonder that if the game was brighter, would it reveal something questionable about the quality of modern OpenGL graphics? "Doom3" also had an option to use 512mb cards that have only been released in the autumn of 2005. Valve's choice not to support OpenGL further fuelled speculation that OpenGL may be badly lagging behind DirectX 9. "Quake 4" is confirmation of this problem... and it is more serious than previously thought. "Quake 4" is built on the "Doom 3" engine. Since "Doom 3" was mostly occupied with hiding you in dark places you never got to see the full quality of a brightly lit OpenGL first person shooter. Now that "Quake 4" has had to come up with a sequel to "Quake 3", ID software handing over development to Raven software, the horrible truth has come to light. OpenGL is simply leagues behind DirectX 9... and we are talking a big difference here. "Quake 4" offers absolutely no reflections. Instead we are still in the world of mapped reflections. Texture detail is the equivalent of "Half-Life 1". Polygon shapes are clearly visible even with every setting maxed out. Bump mapping is hardly visible. Steam and smoke is displayed as big successive blocks of floating transparent maps. Fire is "Duke Nukem" quality, fat orange blobs of quickly changing pixels. The shading and textures of the weapons look terrible. Again, no reflections on the guns, but we do have shadows. The facial expressions of your space marines are an attempt on matching "F.E.A.R" or "Half-Life 2" but you must turn up the Anti-Aliasing to round them off. Sadly even on a high spec gfx card this results in an even lower fps. You are a space marine that must run through the alien enemy complex, usually to meet up with a special marine who you must bring back with you, or to defeat an enemy outpost. The enemy AI does not exist. Everything is scripted. The enemy, the Strogg, instead moves exactly the same, coming in waves of two or three and you can see them move like clones of each other, getting blasted up the same way and dying the same, every single time. Not good. Lighting looks extremely blurred and the sky background is just one big map that does not even move except for the odd ship that flies around the place. Even the PS2 has better graphics than "Quake 4" which when on a PC at this quality begs the big question - what will the XBOX 360 have to offer if the PC version looks like a pre-millennium first person shooter? This is terrible news for everyone. The Quake series has been ruined. Multiplayer is the same quality as Quake 3. There is absolutely no need to upgrade. OpenGL is now officially dead! Only "Doom3" could mask its failure. Now we know why Valve did not support it. The XBOX 360 is faced with marketing a bad port to show off absolutely nothing that the 360s architecture can handle. Various tweak scripts have been released for "Quake 4" on the internet. These seems to have a little bit of an effect on improving game play ever so slightly, but sadly do not help much. You simple can't get what isn't there and that is the bottom line. To add further trouble to the mess is the fact that these poor quality OpenGL graphics are so demanding that even high spec card users will find themselves turning off lots of features and running the game at a low resolution. That is why "Doom 3" and "Quake 4" have a 512mb option... because it takes a juggernaut of a graphics card to actually round the graphics off and even then we are nowhere near looking at something as good as "Half-Life 2". Things are really that bad.As "Quake 4" was duel released with "F.E.A.R", a fully fledged DirectX 9 name, I would point gamers in the direction of that first person shooter instead and to also keep an eye out for "Call of Duty 2". OpenGL IS DEAD. QUAKE IS DEAD! ........noooooooooooooooo!!Pros:- Absolutely NONE.Cons:- Shockingly sub-par graphics.- Poor graphics still demanding high end system specs- No enemy AI.- Nothing new. Same as "Quake 3"- You must quit and restart the game every time for graphics settings to take effect.- Same price as better first person shooters out there.- It will break hearts.
This game is the top selling Xbox 360 launch title. However, there's so many bad things about this game, it was clearly rushed into manufacturing. Since first-person shooters are my favorite type of title, I hurried out to buy a copy, but I should have rented it first.The game, for all it's incredible sounds and graphics is incredibly poorly made. It uses the "checkpoint" style of save games, so you'll spend hours (literally) shooting the same people at the beginning of the level, only to die near the end and head back to the checkpoint. This is the most frustrating experience I've ever had, since some of the levels are so poorly made that there's no possible way to pass them except by luck. I would not play this game over again for that very reason alone. In addition, the game has incredibly stupid bot teammates (who walk into your line of fire and won't shoot a guy that runs right past them) and incredibly bright enemies (who will shoot you and NOT the bots, because they know doing so will end your game). I cannot tell you how many times I've had three bot teammates in front of me and the enemy runs right past them (without my guys firing a shot) and kills me.Once you get past these incredible oversights in single player, you'll be disappointed to find that Xbox Live play is even worse. There's a petition on the Internet right now demanding that Activision issue a patch to support 16 player support, the ability to create custom games and many other features.I strongly suggest renting this title instead of buying it. There's no need to feel the same frustration I did and then have it sit on your shelf.
Everybody says "Sonic was perfect when the Genesis was around". WRONG! This collection has all the proof you need. They included half a dozen Lame-gear (Gamegear) stuff, which made me want to cry. Tail's Adventure was awful... so was Tail's Sky Patrol and Sonic 2 (Gamegear version, not the Genesis masterpiece). I did enjoy Triple Trouble, but I liked the 3DS port better.Then the other "games":Sonic CD- 5/10Sonic CD is very average and dull... and the time travel function was really GLITCHY in Sonic Gems. I ended up stuck in a cliff when I traveled into the future. Even worse, I CAN'T CHANGE THE MUSIC! Sonic CD on the Playstation Network, iPhone, Android, and Xbox arcade (I think it's on XBLA) all had an option to switch the music between the Japanese and American version, but all you could have on Gems was the USA version.Sonic CD, I wrote a full review for the REAL Sonic CD, just click 1 Star and look for TDL.Sonic Fighters- 6/10A 3D fighting game that was so bad I enjoyed it. It was a port of some arcade game, so the controls didn't match up (The last time I checked, the Gamecube had no K button.). The game itself was VERY creepy. Tails made the scariest face ever when he won a match, Knuckles stole Amy's hammer and smashed her, and Eggman (who's obesity was extreme due to the poorly made 3D polygons) came and cloned Sonic.Sonic R- 2/10An interesting idea... but it cleary failed. It is another poor 3D pre-adventure Sonic game, with terrible controls that make Sonic 06's controls seem smooth by comparison. The problem with all of these ports is that the Gamecube has a very... "tough" controller. A joystick was never on the Saturn's controller, so it just fell apart when it reached the Gamecube's "C-stick". Also, the game only has 5 tracks (Did I mention it is a racing game?), so it can't be compared to Mario Kart's 20 tracks, or Sonic Drift 2's 15 tracks (THAT IS A GAME GEAR GAME! Couldn't Sega have found more room ON A 32-BIT SEGA SATURN CD DISC!?). The soundtrack was also wierd, a lady is singing "Can you feel the sunshine, takin' away the rain?" while you are racing... not to mention that person sounds almost like the lady who sang "I want to fly high!" in Sonic Adventure, and I loved the voiced over music in Sonic Adventure, but it does not belong in a 32-bit racing game that has enough issues.
I liked this game, even though it was basically the same thing over and over but it was still enjoyable until the end. This is the reason I'm giving this game a 1 star rating; at the last part when you're fighting the guy with the sword on the rooftop for some reason it would let me pick up the health but it wouldn't let me pick up the board or the small steel pipe. I tried this 12 times, the only thing it would let me do is kick so needless to say I had no weapon (besides my foot) and I could not block. I took the game out and threw it away (glad I only paid $10 for it). That part right there made this one of the worst games I ever played. I do recommend it if you want to kill a little time but that's about it. I was very dissapointed in that.
There are few things in this world that make me weep openly.  First there's Terminator 2 when the T-man has Connor lower him into the molten metal.  Second there's the direction the Final Fantasy series has taken.  Third there is this retarded, repetitive, poorly written abortion.The most disturbing thing about this game is the number of people that LIKED it!  It has been a trend lately of just...releasing a game.  Do the people making these games even communicate?  Who writes the story?On this game I'm going to go ahead and guess that a 40 year old sweaty guy with the greasy hair and beard of an Apple product-user (you know the people I'm talking about) sat in his mom's basement and wrote this crap on a MAC.  Actually...I think a MAC is about the only thing that could manage to be as useless as this game.What the frick is the storyline?  I am a sharp guy...I get things with relative ease.  This story was mung!  Mung is more interesting to study than this game!  I'd actually rather go out and poke poop with a stick than play this game.  I stopped playing to go out and mow my lawn and the grass wasn't even that tall.Also, you probably think you're going to get to study crime scene evidence and hunt down clues in order to find a serial killer, right?HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  FOOLED YOU!  There are little glowing pictures of fingerprints or shoe prints or evidence.  You then pull out your "scanner" or whatever other make-believe tool you could think of for a Men In Black movie and then point at the "evidence".  Then, the voice of a woman comes over your headset and tells you what the evidence is.  I don't even get to put the evidence into context for myself!?  This part of the game seemed like something that was added at the last minute.  It's almost as if someone bothered to play the game before release and then went to their boss and said, "Dude...this thing plays like a first person Double Dragon...except that it sucks.  After this employee explained the level of suck this game had attained upper management started throwing out bones until the game was tolerable to victims of brain injuries instead of people who demand very expensive and poorly designed trivets.Hmm...let's go through a check for this game.Repetitive levels and gameplay?  Check.Repetitive enemies and weapons?  Check.Broken promises regarding game properties?  Check.No continuity or sense in the story at all?  Check.Most goat-licking ending of any video game ever?  Check.It's official!  This game sucks more nasty burrito than a homeless guy sleeping behind Taco Bell.The absolute best part?  I see they're making a SEQUEL!Coming soon to a video game store near you;  Condemned 2, a whole new level of suck!I weep for the people that enjoyed this game.  It just goes to show that the younger generation has no idea what it takes to make a good game.  It's the "no one loses" philosophy.  The truth hurts, boys and girls, so don't hate me because I'm right.
Terrible game. It had to be the worst Sonic DS games of all times! My mind said whoever beats the boss. I would actually sell it! So guess who did it? Sean!!!! Buyer beware
I have waited over a year for this, and now, I am disapointed. The game looks good, sounds good and is big and adventurous -- nearly everything a Zelda player is lookiing for, but, not on GC.First they lied and said the delay was because of tweaks to the game, no, it was because they wanted to release the Wii version with the Wii system and not have people playing the GC version a year earlier.The control on the GC version is substandard after Windwaker and even the updated N64 games are more fluid. It's obvious this was ment to be played on Wii.Also, the graphics are only 4:3 aspect ratio. The [...] go so far as to give you a screen with 3 squares so to calibrate your TV, so if you have a widescreen you set it to make the game a little square in the middle of your big set.There is no excuse for the GC version not the have a 16:9 widescreen alternative, except, they want you to buy the Wii. They want you to have to buy the Wii. They don't want you to enjoy this game without buying the Wii. If you want good graphics, widescreen and smooth control you have to buy the Wii.Have I mentioned, if you want to enjoy this game, you have to buy a Wii?
Link turns into a wolf?? I mean... My step dad like this game. But not me. This game is bad. Some link levels and most wolf levels. NIntendo wants link to be a wolf.
I only played this game for 2 days,it is boring and my dog was an idoit sometimes.
I had the game for 5 years now, and finally played it. I beat it at the lowest setting, and for being the very FIRST ninja gaiden game i've ever played, it's also the LAST one I will ever play. No matter how much this game is praised as (allegedly) being considered the, "greatest and hardest game ever" by many fanboys out there, I really don't think so. The designers of the game just disabled the C-stick, thereby not giving me any control of the camera during gameplay. (thanks team jinja... freekin dorks!). If I have NO CONTROL of the camera, then I can't SEE or MOVE through the game perfectly enough in order to beat your monsters.  Metroid Prime games did the same thing, (disabled the c-stick), but as least in doing so, they added a lock on feature which allowed me to strafe around the enemy and fight it.  And also, at least the fights in Metroid Prime were balanced enough in a fair but challenging way that made fighting all the monsters in that game fun. In ninja gaiden black however, the camera can't really keep up with all the crazy action that's up there on the screen. It just doesn't follow the player's movents fast enough, and I found myself moving around like a slow robotic tank around the battle field and corners as I encountered enemies.In addition to the bad camera, the gameplay is also a problem.  Many times I CLEARLY got the jump on an enemy, but the gameplay is tweeked soo much in such a bad way, the enemy wins over 75% of the time.  In these situations, the player is not rewarded for the efforts and right decisions that they made, simply because the designers stupidly tweeked the gameplay soo much that the enemy always have an unfair advantage throughout the entire game.Disabeling the c-stick made me feel like a one arm, one legg ninja fighting through the game, and because I see what the designers did to the c-stick and the game controls, I dont think the game is actually hard at all. Disabeling the c-stick doesn't make ANY game hard. It just makes them poorly designed... as this one is.
i notice people shiver, when they talk about the fatal frame franchise...i really dont know why.....the whole thing sucks...castles are not completely dark, ghost have a cartoonish feeling, your character is superslow and looks drugged rather than scared...Other thing is that i was running around the castle like if it was my backyard, just running freely without a reasonable doubt of NOT being scared,i didnt care whether the ghosts attacked from behind, from the sides, over the roof,tag teaming in a group of 10, i just said CHEEEEESE, and took their pic...and kept running some more...silent hill is "THE" scariest franchise outthere....second all the resident evils, third clock tower and haunting ground, FOURTH= SORRY!!!  but this fatal craps dont qualify.........
This is an over priced worthless rip off.  This and the 32X were the last life supports for the Sega Genisis when it was getting owned by Nintendo.  The games for this were terrible, it required it's own ac adapter which is the same size as the one for the damn genisis so good luck with that.  Thank god Nintendo now owns Sonic and Sega.  This add on is garbage, the video was terrible.
Even after a year the PS3 is out performed, out classed, out gamed, and lasted by the Xbox-360.  Two of my friends have returned their PS3's at least three times with one guy getting a rental game stuck in the drive after the PS3 crashed and shut off to a right light of death.  The Xbox 360 I have however is still flawless with better graphics, performance, multiplayer, and games than PS3.  Do yourself a favour get a PSP and an Xbox 360 and your set.
Ok I like all game systems, so I'm not some nintendo fan boy saying this is bad just because it is not nintendo. The Playstation 2 was my favorite console and may very well still be. But the PS3 was doomed by it's own name. When your on top, there are those who say you can only go down from there, and I feel that right now this is what is going on with the ps3. I kept hearing talk of the graphics. People were talking about how amazing they would be. Often people hear this and just have in there heads that the graphics are outstanding. While the graphics do look good, you will not notice much unless you have a high deff tv. I know alot fo people have them but I choose not to spend over 1500 dollars on a tv. So unless your a person with a really great tv the graphics will not be as good as they could be. Sony cut alot of there market by doing this. You must think of every one in order to succeed. Then I hear people talking about the sound. Well once again sony took off alot of fan base with the sound. Unless you have a receiver and surround sound, you will not hear what is ment to be heard. Now to the games. From the reviews I am reading, both fans and media, there are only a few games out that are any good. I know this is how most systems are when they launch but if I am going to pay 599.99, I want gold. Every game I play sound be as amazing as the last. That is another thing. The price. I don't know how many people can just throw out 600 some dollars for a toy. I hear the 20 gig Playstation 3 was discontinued. If Sony is so secure about it's product then why would it do this. I hear that there are game companies with Playstation 3 games finished, but they will not release until the fan base grows. So even after companies spend all the time and money on the ps3 games they still will not let sony sell them. They would rather loose money. That is how low the sales of the ps3 are. The reason the price is so high is because Sony is failing in there $1000 blu-ray dvd players. So they put one in the ps3 to get people to buy dvds to use it with. Then I'm sure they think people will buy a blu-ray player. So what it comes down to is Sony is failing in psp,blu-ray,umd,and ps3 sales. I chose not to take a risk of wasting my money on something that I am not sure will stay in the industry. I'm not saying don't buy a ps3. If you want to, go for it. I will just sit here and be happy with my nes,snes,nintendo 64,game cube,wii,game boy sp, nintendo ds,ps,ps2,xbox,xbox360,plug n plays and my pc.
As an owner of all the next-gen consoles, I would not consider the Wii a true next-gen console as the graphics are not even HD. I would call it a semi next-gen console because of this. The graphics can be more compared with the GameCube. The only improvement is that the games are in widescreen and a slight improvement in picture quality. Some would say, though, that some of the GameCube games had better graphics. I can see that ini some games made for the Wii. I can say that the Wii has not been a good investment. This console does not have very many good games. I would say that for the limited games put out by first and third party companies, only about 20% are passable. The only game even worth a look is the Zelda Twilight Princess but then that is also available on the GameCube and I already had that. The controllers are what made this console new in a sense. But the use was force implemented in games such as Zelda Skyward Sword. Problems with the controllers were really apparent in games like New Super Mario Brothers Wii where the jumping mechanics were not well implement. I can understand why people complained about the dash. Nintendo realized the problem and put out a new controller to correct some of the problems with the Wiimote Plus. But by then the damage was done. Further, who wants to spend another forty bucks for another controller? I got the console in order to play Zelda Skyward Sword as it was not available for the GameCube as I am a fan of the Zelda series. But after having played that game I can say that it was not worth getting the Wii for. The other games were mot very good. It reminds me of the experience I had with the GameCube where there were lots of bad games. The best games for this console is actually the Wii sport and that can get quite boring without others to share the experience with. If you are getting the Wii for the fitness game, research shows that it is not an effective way to get fit. So that's out the window. Now, this console just sits collecting dust. The only plus is that it does play GameCube games but then I already have a GameCube. If you buy this, you will need to buy the GameCube controllers. I spend most of my time on the Playstation 3. I spend a small portion on the Xbox 360 as it is only for campaigns. I don't play online on Xbox 360 as I refuse to play sixty bucks just to play my games online. I used to subscribe to Xbox Gold but then after comparing online games (I even had Call of Duty World at War for both consoles and saw no difference in graphics or gameplay) I realized that Xbox Gold was a waste of money. As far as online gaming on the Wii goes, it is very archaic. You cannot actually hear what the other players are saying. Of course you can chat with your friend but the system is terrible. To add insult to injury, Nintendo came out with a microphone that they discontinued because it was that bad. That is a far cry from the Sony Playstation 3 headphones which I use for online gaming. If you want to know what it is like to play online with great sound and microphone, the Sony Playstation 3 headphones are simply the best. And don't get me on the code system just to paly with your friends online. That is just simply a pain in the ass to say the least. Further, having played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 online on the Wii, I can say that it lacks the fun of playing it on the Playstation 3.
I have always been a big fan of nintendo and I have a NES and a GameCube but the Wii was just awful.  First, you have to use batteries for the controller.  The batteries need to constantly be replaced.  It also needs sensor bar to hook up and the wire is very fragile.  The systems tips over easily and is made out of cheap plastic.  The controller sucks so bad that the Super Nintendo had more buttons.  They say you can play GameCube games on the Wii but it doesn't come with a GameCube controller and it is not the same experience.  Most Wii games suck too, like Mario Party 8 was just a gimmick for the motion controls.  Also the motion controls don't work well and because they are wireless it takes forever to change the player numbers.  On the GameCube it was much easier.  Even the MarioKart on the Wii was crap compared to the GameCube version.  The Wii is just not fun, and once you find that you got the damn controller to work you'll see there aren't any good games.  Mario Galaxy was good, but it doesn't have camera controls like 64 and sunshine did because the Wii controller sucks so bad it doesn't even have enough controls to move the camera.  The Wii cost several hundred bucks but you'll end up spending several hundred more replacing batteries.  The charging stand doesn't help cause that's just more money and you can't play while charging.  Overall, the Wii is a piece of s*** and I highly recommend the classic systems like the NES, SNES, Nintendo 64, or GameCube.
EA you suck at making sports game and every other type of game on the market. Your madden game of 2006 is the same as the 2004 edition. The graphics looks identicle, 1 useless feature is added and you charge full price. Its pethetic. Your games suck. i played a game without ever touching my controller on defense! isent that amazing! The computer controllers my character and plays defense. i dont need to touch anything. The AI and the graphics are not even close to next generation. dont buy this crap or 2007, becuase it will be the exact same game.
Ironic how the most visually impressive game of the Madden franchise is also the worst one of the bunch.Everything everybody is saying is true. One glaring omission: JOHN MADDEN!!!! The whole "generic announcer through an AM radio" commentary is incredibly annoying. Why didn't EA include the audio tracks from Michaels and Madden?This is a half-baked game, no question about it. Don't waste your money.
This is, without a doubt, the absolutely worse fighting game ever made. Tecmo has removed all the enjoyable elements including removing a difficulty level for beginners. If you aren't a DOA pro, you'll be pummled countless times while you just try to learn the controls. The computer will pull off 10x combos on you while you just try to land a punch or kick. What's worse, the game has 45 Achievements, including more than a dozen "secrets" which you must unlock. But you'll be so frustrated by this game that you won't even bother.The worst part of it is that this is no longer a "party game." Meaning you can't invite over your friends and have fun fighting each other. The few people that master the game's new countering system (which is aptly named, since it's so COUNTER-intuitive) will slaughter the newbies and completely remove the fun of the multiplayer element.Likewise, when you take your game online (which you must do to earn 10 of the public achievements), you'll get destroyed by users who are far better than you, if you haven't dedicated your life to DOA practice.So before you waste half of your life trying to become the DOA guru of your social circle or the entire online world, remember that the only things that are new to this game from Dead or Alive Ultimate (which is 1/3 the cost) is a few new characters, the HD graphics (which are, I admit, absolutely amazing) and a set of new features which only make it tougher for those of us who weren't good at playing fighting games in the first place. Thanks, Tecmo, for completely ignoring the entire gaming community to make another game like Ninja Gaiden Black; a game that no one wants to play unless it's the only game they practice at.
This game is a bug ridden mess. It's also a terrible half - effort game. I beat this game by using the debug menu otherwise it would have been quite troublesome because this game freezes A LOT! remember how much fallout New Vegas froze that times 1000 it's rediculous this game was even published. Shame on you Activision also your pratically Spider Man at one part. He climbs a wall with his hands and thats it. Do you know who published SpiderMan 2 Activision! Which came out a year before this. Also this game makes fun of grand theft auto. Ha do you know whats funny ROCKSTAR actually doesn't have games that freeze CONSTANTLY! DO NOT EVER AND I MEAN EVER BUY THIS CRAPPY GAME IT'S HORRIBLE. Buy Grand Theft Auto 4 instead or  Grand theft auto Sanandreas or If you bought because you thought oh cool a cop game the first one is ten times better. The gameplay is terrible. The AI is terrible. The sound is decent. The Music is Ok. The graphics are of an average ps2 game. overall NOTHING SPECIAL IS IN THIS GAME OTHER THAN THE REDICULOUS BOUNTY OF BUGS AND A TERRIBLE STORY THAT HAS THE MOST WTF ENDING EVER!
True Crime 2 is just plain awful. It starts interesting, yet it doesn't present anything original or interesting.The gun play just isnt that good compared to True Crime 1. True Crime 1 had you flying in different directions and doing slow motion dives behind cars. When cars would explode, you would be thrown backwards. In True Crime 2, you basically just point and shoot. There are different weapons that let you take people down non-lethally that you are given. There's no point in using targeting.The melee fights aren't that cool either. In True Crime 1 you were doing all kinds of kung fu moves while breaking everything around you. In this game, you press a button 3 times and the combo is executed.Also, the actual feel of the game has been lost a little bit. In True Crime 1, you had no map and were basically cruising to a destination unknown. It was fun driving to new objectives at night during the rain. In this game, you aren't quite as lost, but then again, that isn't a great thing. I enjoyed getting lost in True Crime 1 and I enjoyed feeling out of place everywhere. It was weird cruising as far as I could go and feeling like i should turn around.One of the more interesting features about True Crime 2 is the fact that you can enter any building. This isn't a bad feature, but it doesn't make up for the limited gameplay.I would skip this game and go for GTA 3.
In the wake of the revolutionary Grand Theft Auto 3, there were a horde of pretender games released that couldn't come close to GTA's audacity and style.  True Crime: Streets of LA was actually one game that came close in this sense, which is why this sequel, True Crime: New York City, was so looked forward to.  However, not only is this game supremely disappointing, it's almost unplayable.  At first glance the game looks slick enough, but once you engage in the game's storyline and horrible dialogue along with the unbelievably choppy frame rate, you'll wonder how this ever got released.  The story of the game is you play as Marcus; an undercover cop looking to clean up the streets, one way or another.  No matter which route you take: good cop or bad cop, it's going to be hard to get past the fuzzy graphics, the clunky controls, the derivative gameplay, the inane collision detection, and bugs that plague True Crime: New York City throughout the game.  There's hardly anything good worth noting about True Crime, other than a somewhat decent soundtrack (featuring punk favorites the Misfits as well as the godfather of ghoul rock Danzig, and naturally plenty of hip-hop, ugh...) and a surprisingly solid cast of actors supplying their voices (including Christopher Walken, Laurence Fishburne, Mickey Rourke, and Mariska Hargitay among others) who are sadly wasted with the cliche dialogue.  Also, it should be noted that the game will crash randomly, a lot.  It's a wonder how this game ever got past quality control, but then again, I guess everyone's got to make a quick buck these days.  Do yourself a favor; stick with GTA, any GTA for that matter, even the original one for the PS1.  Just whatever you do, leave this game on the shelf.
The only true crime here is the shoddy work done on this title.  True Crimes: Streets of LA was like many Grand Theft Auto rip offs.  Big city, plenty of running around to do.  Except instead of working for the mob or whatever, you're actually a cop.  It may not have been the best game, but it was a start.  Some of the mechanics weren't bad.  Some were actually fairly well done.  I guess one could only expect a sequel.  In hopes that True Crimes: New York City would be better, I seem to have had my hopes up.You play as Marcus Reed, a gangster who has just become a cop so he can clean up the streets of New York.  And as Marcus you'll take on the assignments given to you by the police department.  They're all pretty straightforward.  Each mission is divided into parts.  Each part consists of you gunning down all the thugs, and finding the bad guy.  Rinse and repeat.  The missions, like Streets of LA, are very simple and don't really call for any real strategy at all.  And the bad guys are as stereotypical as the main character himself.The game is pretty simple, and should you only do the missions, you'll complete it in fairly short time.  The same thing plagued the first True Crimes game, and I was hoping there would be an improvement here.  Unfortunately, that doesn't seem to be the case.If you don't want to do the main mission though, there are alternatives.  Much like GTA there are side missions you can do.  You can street race, go off and stop other crimes, and you can frisk people for contraband, including drugs, obscene pictures, weapon parts, stolen license plates... and the list goes on.  You can either turn these things into the station for Career Points, which help your rank.There are five ranks in True Crimes 2, and they're all based on whether or not you're a good cop or a bad cop.  Unfortunately, there's nothing special about the ranking system until you become an extremely bad cop, and that will overall lower your ranking.Being a good cop simply means you've taken the proper precautions such as frisking your suspects, clipping them in cuffs and not killing anyone needlessly.  Bad cops are obtained the exact opposite way.  It's a lot easier to be a bad cop than a good cop, but it is still one of the points of True Crimes that sticks out as being plesant.  You just won't notice until you're an extremely bad cop, or an extremely good cop.The gameplay is simple.  You shoot or strike down your enemies to death.  You can lock on to them, but for some reason Marcus isn't always accurate in doing so.  You can also pick up weapons your enemies drop but there isn't much variety in them, and in the end you'll most likely find yourself picking them up because you're low on ammo in one weapon, so you need more.Melee combat isn't bad.  You'll probably only do it because it looks cool, but it's almost suicide in some cases.  You can pick up objects and lug them at your enemies and whatnot.  You can also snap their necks if you're good enough, or throw them up against the wall.  There's a lot of variety there.  Hey, you can even do it to random pedestrians, but it isn't much fun (especially when they, for whatever reason, don't die).The vehicles you drive around in are pretty realistic, based off of real cars, but you can't help but look at how messed up some of these mechanics are.  A slight tap on another car will send it flying into traffic, without a doubt.  It doesn't matter what the car is, it sends it out there!  You'll also run into a moment or two of floating cars, and that's another of many bugs this game has.There are more bugs than one can imagine.  For example, you may just randomly fall through the ground into eternal darkness.  You'll eventually die, but you'll wish you hadn't stepped on the crack when you do.  Some of the scripted moments for whatever reason just stop, cars changing colors... the list goes on and on and on.Surely the graphics will save this game right?  Naw, and if you think they do, something is seriously wrong with you.  This isn't up to the standards of this generation at all.  The character models are blockier than a cube of ice, and the framerate is terrible.  Every five seconds or so the game will freeze and then resume.  This very apparent when you're roaming the streets of New York.  In the indoor areas it's less frequent, but you'll lose several boss fights because of that.  The game freezes for that brief moment, but the action does not.  Not only that, but sometimes the sound will cut out.As far as the music goes, it really isn't too bad. You can rank your songs so that the ones you want to play actually play, and if there's a song you completely hate, you can rank it a zero and it'll never play.The voice acting isn't bad.  Christopher Walken lends his voice, but sometimes the celebrity voice actors feel like a waste.  Especially with the poorly written script.  Now, I can be a good sport about cusswords, but not when they're used as senselessly as this.  They come as sounding like little middle school kids saying these words just to "be cool" rather than to be serious or tough.Truthfully, I think this is a game that isn't worth getting.  Way too many bugs, the game is short, the dialogue is bad, is there really any reason to want to get ths game?  Even the graphics lack.  This isn't worth your time.  Even if you like True Crimes: Streets of LA this just isn't worth your time.The Good:+The sound, for what it's worth, isn't bad.The Bad:-Choppy graphics-Terrible framerate-Bad dialogue-Way too stereotypical-Way too many bugs to enjoyJust avoid it.  Not worth your time.
This is one of those few, rare games that I completely regret buying.First of all, the game doesn't really feel like a metroid game.The single player game doesn't really have much excitement or exploration.  You go forward, you kill the same handful of enemies (sometimes with a different color) and you move on.  Most 2x4's have a more stimulating plotline than this game.It's pretty obvious that the multiplayer is (supposed to be) where it's at in this game.  Unfortunately, it's fairly unrobust.  You get to choose between a wide variety of different Hunters, and by wide variety I mean about 3 that are worthwhile.  The maps are shoddy and poorly designed and with little variety between them.Now, all of that might be forgiveable if the game was at least fun to play.  Unfortunately, this game has what could possibly be thought of as the worst control scheme ever invented by a man.  You use the stylus similar to how you might use a mouse in a traditional PC FPS.  Unfortunately, you've got about an inch and a half area on the screen to move the stylus before you start bumping into other buttons and randomly changing weapons/switching into alternate form.  I have yet to discover a way of handling this game that doesn't result in wrist or finger pain after about 30 minutes of use, but fortunately I rarely play that long before I turn it off in disgust.I can't really think of very many merits this game has.  Its boring, poorly designed, unbalanced for multiplayer (and has a number of level design glitches as well).  It's unfun to downright painful to play.  I guess it has fairly good graphics for the DS, but that's really about it.
I loved the game when I was 10 years old. Then I loaned it to my autistic brother (8 yrs old), and it seemed like a good idea.I thought that making freinds with animals could really help his social skills, and he really liked the Wii version. However, hedid not know how to save on my DSi so he just cut it off. Every time you "reset" the game, a mole named Resetti comes outto lecture you. I never really cared much about what he made ME do, but he made my AUTISTIC brother type in"I am a loser."! His therapy instructor is currently working to teach him not to say things like that, and then one of Nintendo'sstupid characters forced him to type negative stuff in! This game could have been a major step for him and me, but now I'm getting my copy back.And here is what I thought of the game:If you decide to purchase this for a more self-confident child or yourself, this is the worst installment of the Animal Crossing franchise. The whole point of Animal Crossing on the Gamecube was for your family to interact together in a virtual town, which can be pretty neat. That dosen't work out on the DS because it is a personal system, the Gamecube was a family system. Nintendo also tried using wireless connections for multiplayer, but that does not work out either. "Local" play makes me wonder what Nintendo thought about how many DS systems each family was going to have. Even that is not the social level the Gamecube / Wii provided. Then Wifi, the same thing as local play only over the internet. Friend codes... You work hard to get a friends randomly made number, then you will never know when they are online. Years later you upgrade from a DS lite to a DSi which requires a completly new friend code. Then you upgrade to a 3DS 6 months later... new code, your friends DS lite breaks, new code for him! Of course if you are really desperate you can always share a game card with your family, but then you have to share a house! In the Gamecube version they gave you a little square with 4 houses... one for each player. In the Wii version they spread the 4 houses across the town so you don't have to look at your sister's ugly roof! But on a Nintendo DS, you share a house. My brother and I barley get along in City Folk on the Wii, so we really can't get along in 1 house! Our houses in the Wii look completly different! My brother enjoyed putting fish (because he loves fish) in his house with a nice gentle song playing. My house is filled with 8-bit mario pieces (because I love Mario) and gold sofas with a rock tune playing. It would be kind of hard to combine fish with a bunch of Mario items and have room to spare. If you prefer to play Animal Crossing alone (I don't blame you), you'll have lots of other problems. The animal's AI is really annoying. They walk around, walk some more, and then say the same thing over and over. I was able to talk to Nibbles and then hear Sally say the same thing Nibbles said 5 minutes earlier! It really gets annoying because most of the animals are either jerks or poets. As mentioned earlier, the mean nieghbors were the main reason I stopped letting my brothers play. The rest are pretty much poets. I love poetry, but not in a Nintendo game. One example is that they use big words to describe the weather, when they could say "I wish it would stop raining". After having a conversation you heard within the week from somebody else, you would expect your nieghbor to do something else besides use complex metaphors and talk about dieting (FOR CRYING OUTLOUD THIS IS A CHILDREN'S GAME! WHY WOULD A CHILD CARE ABOUT DIET CUSTARD?), but they don't. In the Gamecube version you could do chores for the animals, and they occasionally built igloos and went camping. In this version all that they do on a normal basis is walk around. And forgot NES games, I know that is something that some people bought the game for. No classics in this version though, not even Super Tortimer.Overall, this game is weak compared to the versions on Gamecube and Wii. The mole is an insulting monster who made my Autisic brother type in negative things about himself. The Gamecube Resetti was much more amusing and less severe. The DS Resetti made me want to smash the game when my brother told me what happened. I am a HUGE Animal Crossing fan, but keep newer and younger fans away from this.
wow, this game is bad, and i mean BAD.  the graphics are "decent"  - the PC king kong graphics are far better.  at first it seems like the game may be going somewhere, because the script seems pretty cool, but you quickly find out the shooting is very boring (if you want a good ps2 shooting game, try timesplitters: future perfect).  nonetheless i was determined to give this game a fair shot...too bad it wouldn't let me.  i kept going forward and got literally stuck by an invisible wall glitch.  the woman said "follow me!" and so i did.. and i couldn't go any further through the invisible wall.  oh no!  my terribly subpar gaming experience was ruined by a BUG!  oh well.  king kong for the ps2 is a terrible game, with or without game-ruining bugs.the PC version is another story.  it's a lot more involving and has far superior graphics.
playing this was the worst time in my life as a gamer.. i got a little stupid for playing this dumb lame as ass game an dont plan to buy or play another ghost recon game.. save your money an brain cells on this game..its up to you
Mario Kart DS has got to be the most overrated game on the DS. It feels like it keeps the classic Mario Kart gameplay, but very downgraded. Most of the tracks you race on (about 90%) are very boring and uninspired. These are probably the worst tracks I've ever seen on Mario Kart. The items aren't that great either, which makes the overall gameplay suck. The graphics really stink, too, they're very blocky, even for 3D DS graphics, but that's not a real problem (I shouldn't make a big deal over graphics). My biggest complaint about this game is its replay value. When I first got Mario Kart DS, I was bored after playing it for about 40 minutes. It's the only Mario Kart I didn't want to play for at least a week. Also, all the extra things in the game (mini-games, or whatever you'd call them) are less entertaining than the already lousy gameplay. Mario Kart DS overall is terrible, but I recommend playing any other Mario Kart game besides this one that you can get your hands on. Every other Mario Kart besides Mario Kart DS is worth buying. I would rate Mario Kart DS only 35 out of 100 points, due to its poor-quality gameplay, replay value, and graphics.
Counter-Strike Source itself is a great game. Repeatedly starting a round over in the same map can get tiresome, but for the most part the gameplay is enough to keep you going.  IN my rating, the game itself deserves at least a 4 star rating.  Because you have to have the steam client to run it, however the game is, for me, dragged down to a 2.In my experience, you'll only be able to click on the counter-strike icon, get it to load, get it connected to a server and play, about 45% of the time.  The other 65% of the time, well, there are a variety of steam related problems. Steam updates are the most frequent, i think, though they don't last too long it is annoying to be told when you can or cannot play a game that you bought fair and square. Being disallowed from setting up your own server with bots because "Steam is not connected to the internet".  Steam's tendency to remove the game from your "My Games" list, deny that you own it and have installed it, then ASK YOU TO BUY IT AGAIN, is more troubling.  The fact that this has happened 4 times in the 6 months that I have owned the game is perhaps criminal. The customer support is useless, waiting 2 weeks to respond to queries because there is nothing useful in the forums.The kicker is that people who have stolen illegal copies of the game, cracked not to need steam, will be able to click the icon and play the game while you're looking for your installation disc.
OK, OK...I know what your thinking. You see all these 4 and 5 star ratings before my review and say this must be a fluke.It isn't. There are many people that are die hard loyalists of this series. No matter how repetitive this game is, they will always give it high marks.At first, I really thought this game was great. My first hour of play was exciting. Then the old faults and linear problems popped up like in the first edition of COD.Trust me, try playing F.E.A.R. and you will see how lame and outdated this game model is. $50 is way too much to spend on this game.THE BAD -1- VERY SHORT PLAY TIMEI finished this game on the veteran setting in under 7 hours. I sincerely was not trying to beat the clock. I like to take my time and savor every moment of a game. I was hoping it would last....it didn't.2- GRAPHICS ARE FAIRThe graphics engine is new in this sequel which is a blessing but you better have a fast CPU and VGA card my friends to get quality visuals! There are moments in this game when the rain, weather effects and large numbers of enemies are cranking out so hard on you that your processor or card will start to chug and vomit. Sure you can solve this problem by turning down the settings, but what is the point of a new graphics engine based game if you can't enjoy the beauty right????3- LINEAR GAMEPLAYOnce again...the COD developers have proven themselves to be the kings of linear/forced gameplay! What is linear gameplay? It means that basically, you only have one path to follow, and triggers spots to hit to change the gameplay. Example - Say you have to destroy 3 artillery crews. You have to follow down one particular path in a town, you must clear the buildings and the enemies don't stop coming at you until you clear out one artillery base. You basically spend this game rushing forward head first into every single battle, causing great frustration and it does get old and boring after the 5th time in a row. If you think your going to hide behind a wall, pick off the enemy and clear the building...your going to run out of ammo! In other words, you don't have a choice. Full speed ahead. In some cases that is fun and exhilirating. At other times, it sucks.You also know when enemies are going to hit you too. Linear game play is predictable. You attack an area, clear it, then move to attack the next target. As you approach, the enemies pop out ahead of you and get into formations. Lather, rinse and repeat....YAWN!!!!!4- AUTOMATED ATTACKSIn some of the battles, there are secure spots to hide in. However, once you're there, you'll get bombarded with grenades. I watched where they came from...lol No enemies are there, they just magically are thrown from the ground. This is to prevent you from taking advantage of shelter and once again...forcing you to run head first into the battle. LAME!!!5- NO HEALTH PACKSTHIS REALLY SUCKS! It has a new system. Instead of hunting down health packs to recover and fight on, you automatically rejuvenate! I could take bullet after bullet and not die. Ergo, there was no risk!!! No price to pay for being foolish. Here is how it works. An enemy pops up and pelts me with bullets. As I get hit, my health endurance goes down. If I don't take cover so I can recover, I will die. The screen starts to get more and more red as an indication of how close to death you are. Hide behind a wall for 5 seconds to recover and your good to continue.In some ways, this seemed like it was a neat idea to try. Overall, I think it is a failure. It was too easy for me to beat the game because I did not have to preserve my health levels. On the other hand, it was nice not to have to collect health packs. Still, it was too easy.6- CAN'T DISABLE THE STUPID MUSIC!!!Once again, Activision...in cooperation with their tremendous egos...has decided that they know best and you don't matter. So guess what...? You cannot turn off or turn down the music in this game. They repeated the same offensive tactic from COD. This is so annoying. The realism goes out the window when the music is so loud and intrusive that you cannot hear explosions or bullets! I am not joking...it is really that loud at times!However, I know software, so I hacked critical files in COD and I hacked COD 2 to disable the music! Up yours Activision! For other people that cannot do this...look around at some game cheat sites. I will be posting the instructions in HOW TO form.7- THIS IS BASICALLY COD and COD:UO in a DIFFERENT WRAPPER!Basically, if you have played COD or the expansion COD:United Offensive...you have already played COD2. Yes, it is that sad and that much of a let down. In fact, I honestly feel COD and COD:UO are better in a majority of ways.8- COMRADES GET IN THE WAYActivision still has not fixed the issue of your idiot squad mates not getting out of the way quickly! Nothing is worse than  entering a door and having the enemy lob 2 or 3 grenades at you. You try to get out the door but your moronic mates are just standing there blocking the door. BAM, POW....your dead! Start over and don't enter the building. Lesson learned!THE GOOD1- IT IS FUNI am not saying this game is horrible or not worth playing. I am simply saying it is not worth $50, it certainly has been done so there is nothing new or dynamic about this game that you have not felt in the original COD and that there are other games out there like F.E.A.R. that really will blow you away with creativity.This game does have its moments. I love WW2 FPS games.SUMMATION -This game was long awaited and could have been great. It turns out, that it is not that great. Been there, done that. No one made a hardcore effort to introduce something new and fresh to the FPS genre.Save your money and either wait for this to go below $35 or go buy COD and COD:UO and get 3 times the band foir your buck if you have not already played them or finally and definitely the best option...go buy F.E.A.R. or Quake 4. Both of those games are much better than this and will keep you happier for a much longer period of time.
My PSP 3000 did not fit well in this case, and it seemed like the button could scratch the finish on my PSP.  I threw it in the trash.  Would not recommend.
WHAT is THIS??  trash thats what it is .. its a smaller gameboy...big deal...it comes with cheap plastic covers in tacky colors ( pink or camoflague..give me a break)..this is  a way  for  nintendo  to keep sucking  extra money from the consumer.. buyer beware !  first off you have to use new cables..second its not compatable with older games...and its very fragile..i had a friend break his after 2 days of owning it..the buttons are cheaply assembled...  want some advice..stick with the gameboy advance sp..its durable..has a bigger screen...or go with the DS  or a  PSP  but avoid this one  like the plague !  then again if you are one of those trendy people who are suckers to advertising..then this is the "Dream System" for you... if your a smart comsumer  then you know what to purchase..  amazon  says i have to give at least a star here..actually i give it zero stars..  peace
I dont see why anyone would want to spend their hard-earned money on this, when the GBA SP is cheaper, and just plain better in my opinion.It just seems impractical to me... I mean, wasn't the Game boy Advance SP small enough as it is???It doesnt make any sence, why would someone willingly pay more for something that's not as good?The GBA SP has a larger and brighter screen, it's alot cooler looking than the Game boy micro, and c'mon people... The SP was already portable enough! I mean, how small do you need it to be?!If you want to waste your money then be my guest, but I just thought that I should warn you that basically what you're doing is looking to buy something that's way too small to fit comfortably in the hands of an adult, probably very fragile, and more expensive than a the already efficient Game boy Advance SP.If you disagree with me then just look at the facts, the GBA SP is small, (but not too small for adult hands) it has a much larger and brighter screen, and because of the SP's folding design, the screen is protected from getting scratched.Oh, and did I forget to mention that the Game boy micro can't play any of the older Game boy games?So you see, if you were thinking about purchasing the Game boy micro then you might want to take a look at the Game boy Advance SP first, and then figure out which of the two fits you best.Note: Only the Graphite and Pearl blue GBA SP's have a brighter screen, all other models aren't as brightly lit!Written by:Shadow Mage (the game maniac)
If you collect Gameboys, this is the perfect thing for you.  However, if you just like playing the games, I honestly must say for you to pass this up.  For reasons that are pretty obvious.For one, everything GOOD about the Gameboy Micro, can easily be seen in the GBA SP.  This screen is backlit and easily fits in your pocket, and plays GBA games.  Alright, that's fair enough.  But come on?  The GBA SP was just like that.  With the GBA SP there was a backlight with a rechargable battery, and if you folded it down then it went into your pocket with no problems at all.  I do like all the different custom face plates though.  They're easy to use and don't leave any of that sticky residue.The GBA Micro is, of course, for those who do not already have a GBA of any kind.  If you don't have a GBA, go with the SP.  And let me explain why:1. You cannot protect the screen of your GBA micro: If you stick it in your pocket, you'll pull it out only to see several scratches on the screen.  Needless to say this is a big problem.  With the SP's fold down LCD Screen, you could easily protect it.2. The Screen is Actually Smaller: This is true too.  The screen is smaller and the games are not properly brought down to scale.  It's very annoying!3. You can't play older Gameboy games and Gameboy color games: The same thing plagued the DS, but the DS I could live with.  This I cannot.  Part of the reason I still have my GBA SP is so I can play older Gameboy games.  You can't do that with the Micro.4. The list price is too high: I don't know about you, but I certainly don't want to spend one hundred bucks on this when the SP has more to offer in terms of quality.  The SP is cheaper and easier to work with.  With the hand-held console war advanced off to the PSP and DS, paying one-hundred dollars for this is almost shady.Overall: If you are someone looking for a decent Gameboy system, get the SP.  You get all the qualities of the Micro and more.
GameboyGameboy ColorGameboy PocketGameboy AdvancedGameboy SPNintendo DSGameboy MicroThis has to be a record for the most whoring out of any console brand in the history of gaming. How many more slightly updated Gameboy's is Nintendo going to release until they finaly give consumers something worth purchasing? Just look at how long it took Nintendo to add REAL color to their system. The damn thing didn't even have a back light until the SP came out. Do you realize how many years that is? Nintendo has always cheated its customers with low grade quality software and they almost always refuse to upgrade their hand helds in any real earth shaking way. Even the Nintendo DS is just a SLIGHTLY improved SP. If you are a real sucker you'll buy yet again into the Nintendo Scam of the century, or you can save up, get yourself a PSP and experience the real next generation in hand held gaming.Prove to Nintendo that they can't just pawn off crap like this and expect for us to just eat it up and call it candy. The Gameboy Micro is a JOKE and Nintendo has even updated their SP to add a better backlight to the system. Funny how this is done very quietly so nobody notices.Their moto should be "Nintendo...why settle for more when we can give you less?"
The quality of this product is sub par.  This was my 3rd 360 and this one lasted about six months.  I ended up sending it to Microsoft for a repair, then sold it.
I paid 400 dollars for 2 hardware malfunctions and xbox games.  I see a little advance in the graphics, but its not that much at all.  It still DVD format and doesn't hold enough.  Hold off for the Revolution or Playstation 3 when the real next generation begins.
The best console to come out this year will be the Playstation 3. The xbox won't even come close to what the PS3 can do, so there's no point in wasting your money on an inferior console. Wait till November and the PS3 will be in your hands!
well, i have played many 360s and i have to say they are fun, depending on the game being played until they break down. i have already been through 6 consoles either because of the dreaded red ring of death, disc drive errors or just not wanting to cooperate in general. and then when i get a working system, the disc drive is extremly noisy, so noisy that i have to turn up the volume on my television to the point where my dorm neighbor complains.some more bads...i have to say that i would take the 360 over the wii anyday, because i am more of the hardcore gamer, but all the accessories will add up to well over 1000 bucks. you need that intercooler because the system runs hot. i dont need any cooling device fro my ps3. secondly, i love watching movies, but the hd dvd attatchment adds 200 bucks right there. i have a ps3 and it can play blu rays right out of the box. secondly, my 360 has problems getting an internet signal. its right next to my ps3 and it gets a signal very clearly while my 360 always says disconnected while after getting it hooked up about 5 times. its a big pain not to mention waste of time.well, enough of the bads. there are lots of games out for the system and i mean alot, way more than for my ps3 or the wii. the controller has force feedback while my ps3 has none. the final pro in my opinion here is that i have wired controllers. it came with a wireless, but i prefer wired. i dont have to worry about batteries needing to be charged or a faulty wireless connection which happened with my original xbox. it said the conroller's connection could not be detected and it was a pain to get that controller fixed.all in all my final ratingssystem design: 1/10, should be -1. it overheats way to easily. have had way too many problems.ease of use: 3/10. internet connection is a pain at times.overall fun: 4/5. good selection of games for the entire family.
There is absolutely no doubt that this is a Microsoft product.  It comes out of the factory full of defects.  The customer buys the product, takes it home, and discovers the problem.  The said customer calls for support.  Microsoft's first reaction is to try to put the blame on the customer.  After all, it surely must be the customer's fault that they're having problems.  Besides, to readily acknowledge a problem might mean more corporate money would have to be redirected to solving the issue.  The customer, like most people, politely and patiently persists and Microsoft finally listens and agrees to fix the problem.  And Microsoft's solution is not always the best possible, in terms of what is good for the customer.  Eventually, the boys from Washington wakes up and decides that they do indeed have a problem with their product.  And then they reluctantly put away the latest copy of WIRED magazine and get to work looking for ways to patch the problem.So now you say, "Hold on Citan.  I'm looking to buy a console, not one of the Windows Operating Systems.  What are you doin' writing a Windows review here.  Please, I'm begging you.  Tell me about the XBox 360!  And please, make it quick before the boss walks in and sees me surfing the net instead of doing his work."My friend, I hate to break the news to you but I am indeed writing a review of the XBox 360!  And you know, brevity is not one of Citan's traits.  But I am sensitive to the fact that you might be reading this while you're at work and are risking the wrath of your boss.  So let me respond to the Big Question, now.Do I recommend the XBox 360?  No, not for the average gamer.  The hassle and aggravation that would result due to the console's high potential for breaking down are just not worth it.  Not for the average gamer.  You see, the average gamer is not extremely particular.  The typical gamer can find many games, from several different genre, that they can enjoy.  So, unless you are compelled to play Gears of War or any of the XB360 exclusive titles, my recommendation is to stay away from this console.  At least for now.  Who knows, the console might eventually become reliable after Microsoft applies a few more "patches" to the problems that plague their console.  But don't hold your breath.  Do keep this in mind.  Microsoft is still patching up Windows XP, for Pete's sakes!A new, redesigned version of the console will be released later this year.  And that version will use a cooler-operating processor that should help alleviate one of the 360's main issues: overheating.  It will also have a larger HD.  I recommend that you wait until then to make your purchase.Well, I am an optimists.  I can find humor under circumstances that would make the average person suffer a coronary.  This is a quality that helps me cope with my work, as a computer technician and a part-time public school teacher.  I knew before buying the 360 that the potential for hardware failure was very high.  Much higher than just about any consumer electronics product out in the market right now.  But, I am surprised that my brand new console lasted only one month!I rarely played games off of my 360's disk drive .  Mainly because I do not care for First-Person Shooters.  But I do download a lot of movies and television shows for viewing.  I also play a lot of arcade games.  Basically, my console has had gentle treatment.  One day, two weeks ago, my console started to lock/freeze up.  The picture on the screen was distorted.  It happened while downloading a movie.  I called Microsoft and ofcourse, got the Standard Response: "Overheating usually happens because the customer fails to provide adequate ventilation".  I then told them that mine is out in the open, on a wire rack.  Ventilation ain't the issue, Louie (the Microsoft Tech's name).  So the tech agrees to send a shipping box.  I was instructed to remove the HD and the faceplate.  I would be getting a refurbished unit, most likely.  I asked to be transferred to Live support, so I can get my spent points back.  The lady on the other end refused to give me back my points, at first.  Even though my purchased movie failed to download due to their crappy console.  She said it was against their policy to give back points until the customer receives his replacement console.  I asked if they will automatically credit them back once the replacement arrives.  She said "no", I would have to call again and request them again.  I refused to end the call and she finally agreed to give them back to me.I talked this over with my fellow computer techs.  Their advise was to ask the retailer for an exchange.  That way, I get a brand new console instead of a refurbished unit.  Besides, there are many customers who got their refurbished replacement and it did not work right out of the box.  Thankfully, I made the console purchase from here, Amazon.  Amazon customer service apologized for my troubles and agreed to ship me a brand new replacement.  It should arrive later this week.  All I can say is that Amazon customer service is awesome.  Thank you, Amazon.I had heard numerous issues with the console prior to purchase.  I knew that where there is smoke, there is fire.  But I am accustomed to dealing with hardware issues.  I receive, and make, a lot of technical support calls.  So this is normal for me.  But it may not be to you.  If you dread such things, then stay away from this console.  If you're comfortable with it, then that's fine.Are you buying for your children?  If so, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.  Consider this scenario.  It's Saturday, you're looking forward to a relaxing day at home.  And then your child runs up to you in a state of total panic.  Being the good parent that you are, alarm bells suddenly go off in your head and you begin to inspect your child for possible signs of injury.  The child finally tells you that his brand new XBox 360 has broken down, right in the middle of his/her game!  Your jaw drops.  After you recover from your brief WTF moment, you agree to call Tech Support.  After the obligatory Q&A;, they agree to send you a shipment box, for the console's return to them.  And then they agree to send you a refurbished unit for replacement.  And now, you wait patiently.  YOU, wait patiently.  Meanwhile, five times everyday, you get the following refrain (sort of like what the raven says in that famous poem!) from your precious child, "Is it here yet?"All joking aside, if you simply must play the games that are exclusive to the 360, then make the purchase.  But do so from a retailer that would allow you to exchange the unit, when it fails.  Not all retailers will, according to Microsoft.Do I regret my purchase?  Not yet.  Thanks to Amazon's great customer service.  Also, I have the patience of Job.  I also have other consoles to use while waiting for the replacement.  And being a technician, I am used to dealing with technical issues.There is one other important lesson that I learned from this situation.  You see, one week after getting my console, I wrote a nice review of the console.  I gave it 5 stars for fun and a 3 stars for the overall.  Five stars for fun, because I liked being able to download movies and shows.  Three stars overall, for the console's potential reliability and build quality.  I would like to revise those ratings now.  And I will explain my reasons for lowering the fun rating.  The overall rating decrease should be obvious.  So what did Citan learn?  Basically, you cannot own a video game console for only one week and write an accurate review of its potential quality and reliability.  One week's experience is not enough.  I learned that.  I have now experienced those "anecdotal" problems that others have mentioned for myself.  That makes them more real, and not just someone's words.  On the same line of thought, I also did not want to rewrite the review on the same day of the problem.  Fairness, to me, to the XBox, and to you is important.I realize that the best way for me to get a lot of "helpful" points is to give the product a 5-star rating.  Giving this product, or basically any product, a low rating guarantees me a lot of "unhelpful" points.  You see, a lot of people who are reading these reviews are the so-called supporters of the console.  A lot of readers already made the investment and are just curious as to what others are saying about their baby.  And you've got people who have made up their minds and are just saving up for the big purchase.  They do not like to see low ratings for their chosen console.  But that is fine.  They no longer need the review.  You see, reviews are written for people who have not made up their minds.  Reviews are written as a service for the people who are still doing research. I can only hope that no one bought the console based on my original review.I lowered the fun rating because the hard drive is much too small for its intended purpose.  And honestly, a product's reliability will affect how fun it will be to own.  And unlike Windows, there are atleast two other alternatives to this product that are worthy of consideration.UPDATE 3/25It's been confirmed that a newer version of the console will be released in April.  It will have a 120gig HD, and HDMI output.  It will also come in black color.  My advice to you, if you are set on purchasing a 360, is to hold off and wait for the new version.  You see, I really do not believe that the problems with the current console have been corrected.  Plus, the upcoming version will be a much better value.
I have owned an original XBOX and XBOX 360 and both broke in the same way after about a year of playing, not even playing much. Microsoft wants $140 to fix them, and only gives a warranty of 90 days after that. It is widely known that XBOX used poor-quality Thompson Disc Drives in the first XBOXs (which I had), and many many problems have plagued the XBOX 360. I have heard that as many as 25% of machines were defective straight out of the box, and many more, like mine, broke down after the warranty expired. A $400 paperweight is not much fun.
I had an original XBOX. loved it, great games and a crash once in a while. No big deal. Worked through many many hours of hard use.I got a 360 about 6 months after introduction (should have worked out bugs, right (WRONG!!!). Didnt notice or get $[...] extra extended warranty so stuck with lousy completly industry non-standard 90 day warranty.A few crashes but getting worse and worse so I finally call when it starts crashing on boot start up and they tell me my warrantees expired and it will be $[...] plus shipping plus another $[...] if I wanted the extended warranty that I didnt get originally.Playstation 3 will come with a 2 year warranty. Get the Playstation 3 or if you must have a XBOX GET THE EXTENDED WARRANTY it came with a 90 day warranty for a reason.There are over 3 and one half million posts on XBOX 360 CRASH on the Internet.Microsoft obviously knew they were selling a totally inadequate product from the start and that is why they cut the warranty to only 90 days.None of us really expect much from Microsoft, but they have intentionally cheated me and many thousands of other XBOX 360 purchasers and casually deny any culpability.One star is not nearly low enough I would give them minus 360 stars if I could.Also, really good games that take good advantageof the 360's capabilities have been really slow in comming out.At least with the Playstation 3 you will have out of the Box true 1080 P BluRay DVD capability, some decent games and a real warranty.
MicroSoft is Being Sued for the X360 Scratching Game Disks.  One out of every 3 (33%) XBOX 360's break.  Microsoft will fix it for free ONLY if it is due to the 3 red light failure.  If it scratches your $60 game disks it will cost $20 to replace each.  Go with a Wii or PS3 instead, or just stick to last gen systems till MS comes out with their next gen console.
This piece of rubbish breaks down a few times before the first year of use, the average life of the XBOX 360 is 7 months, sad but true some of the games make me buy this thing but in the end is not worth it to pay $400 for a console the does not work most the time, and the overheat is the worst of the worst the 3 red lights of dead as some people call it
I was about to buy this XBox360 as an early Birthday present for my step-son who's birthday isn't until April. But after a few research and reports heard from friends who know people who have the XBox360 already. I haven't heard a single WOOT or Good thing. I've heard one of my friends cousin his XBox360 overheated and melted the CD inside and the plastic case exterior. Another friend says it glitches and locked up. Many reports I've read were the same about lock ups, screen glitches, overheating, etc. I was surprised that these reports came outta something Microsoft made. I mean did someone fall asleep at the assembly line or something. Did they not think of putting in a cooling fan ? I mean even PS2 has a cooling fan in it. All major gaming systems got one. I think even GameCube. And to cover up their error they raised the price to cover the new parts and stuff installed into the XBox360s to prevent any reoccurring error. That's a bunch of bull poo if you ask me. I'm gonna wait for the PS3 to come out or like the others said wait til' the hype goes down and prices fall.
I got it home, had fun with Forza 2, then played it on and off for about 2.5 months. I turn it on one day and it doesn't work. Now they offered to fix it for free, but I won't do it. I'm going to fix it myself and sell it immediately.
This is the first Resident Evil game I've tried and was quite surprised that the controls were this poor. I had heard nothing but positive reviews on RE4. Most all of them containing remarks on how they finally got the controls right in contrast to eariler RE games. Those earlier games must of been close to completely unplayable. But you'll have to excuse me I guess. I just finished playing games like Halo, Halo 2, FarCry, and many other recent 1st person and 3rd person action games whose controls are flawless or close to it. There is really no excuse in this day and age to have controls this horrible. If the controls were done this way on purpose to heighten the suspense or something, perhaps the makers of this game should have just simply made a better game to accomplish this. Poor controls = No Fun.
if you are thinking about picking this up i'd go for the nintendo gamecube version over this one. the graphics look much better and it plays smoother on the 'cube (plus playing on the gamecube means you can use the best video game accessory ever made= the ultra-dope wavebird wireless controller) . the game was designed for the gamecube, and the weird architecture of the ps2 didn't help the shifting over from that console. the game itself is fantastic but be aware that it is much better on the gamecube.
First off, its almost 2008, and I just bought this game. I bought it because it was so cheap that it was practically free. Good thing too, it sucks!Xbox 360 games now have graphics that totally blow this game out of the water. The AI is a joke, and the controls are, well, its hard to describe but basically they suck. It just doesn't feel right.The biggest disappoint I have is that this game taints my wonderful memories of PD for N64. Now that was an awesome game. Playing PD N64 with my siblings was the best. The bots, the weapons, the levels, it was great. The controls were so much better on N64 too.Its too late to appreciate this game, too many other excellent jaw-dropping games are out... buy something like Halo or GoW.
I hated this game.Was bored after the first 20 minutes and it never got better.Couldn't even finish the game it was so bad.
graphics are substandard for a next gen game theres a lot of flaws like when you move alot of times you can see things actually getting drwan along the way, the control is only par and there are alot of bugs like getting stuck in some places and theres alot of the doll effect on the enemies, safe yourself the aspirin and pass up the copy of this waste of time.
That word explains this game to a T. The Graphics are Gamecube, the Story is retarded, & the multiplayer is Embarrassing. Why in God's name would Microsoft put out a game that clearly was not anywhere next to finished? This is a poor excuse for a FPS. There are way better games out there; Halo 3, COD 2,3,4, Orange Box, Fear, Bioshock,.... Avoid this game at all costs.
I loved this game and kicked myself for not buying the Limited Edition when it first launched. This was offered as new, but after receiving the product it was clearly not new. It lacked the slip cover, extra disk, and the casing was very scratched up. Paid $4 to ship it back I was that disappointed it wasn't new.The game itself was lot of fun.
I don't recommend this product, it needs a lot of charging time to give you a few hour to use, don't buy this !!
Why buy a rechargable battery pack, when you could just buy more veristal (and cheaper) rechargable batteries?  The charger is sold separately, so it just doesn't make sense.Don't believe me?  See how much two battery packs and a charger cost; then check out the cost for 4 AA rechargable batteries and a charger.
I should have read all the reviews. I bought two and they won't charge - no light at all. I repeatly removed and then inserted the batteries in the charger and only one charged. I'm using the MS double charger. The one that was charged I will try to use. The one that won't charge I threw out.I really hope that MS did not sell these as a surplus to a distributor.YOU GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR.
I purchased the blue battery pack, and like other late comers to this product, the battery will NOT hold a charge! I tossed it. If you can, buy locally. For a couple of dollars more, both Best Buy and Gamestop have great options that actually work.
i didnt read the reviews on this product before purchasing--surely enough the battery was defective. i think it's because of their age. sealed or not--they dont seem to be working correctly, and drop charges, or don't charge all the way.
the MS brand battery is the best on the market. battery lasts a pretty long time. love the quick charge time. don't think they sell these on the market anymore by themselves (includes Toys R Us, Target, Walmart, Gamecrazy, Gamestop, Best Buy, Fred Meyer, etc). stock up. i have 4.Edit: my review above was based on my previous experience with my original white and black ones. this blue one may only work the 1st time. it pretty much has to be charged over and over within a short period of time. stay away. stick with the black microsoft brand or nyko ones.
The original headset that came with my xbox 360 was great. Fit well, clarity was fine, etc.After a couple years, that one broke (wire disconnected inside the ear piece)... so I bought this. Immediately I realized this headset has a serious design flaw - rather than placing the on/off and volume at the base where it connects to the controller, its instead dangling in the air. WHY?? Its very annoying, the original design was a lot better.To make matters worse, this headset stopped working about the 5th time I used it. How ridiculous.
As everyone else has said, this headset is complete junk.  It's as if Microsoft went out of its way to see how much they could make this suck.  The cord can come loose at the connection to the controller, or it could come loose at the headset.  Then you have the ridiculously stupid placement of the mute, despite the fact that the original design was just fine!  They were like, "oops... we accidentally did something right... we need a new revision!"
This is a ridiculous price for this item (just like 180$ is rediculous for the 160gb hard drive).  This item should be around thirty dollars as that is how much they cost when they aren't branded in a 360 Logo.  The PS3 includes wireless for free pretty much.  WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO CATCH UP MS (even though you launched a year earlier).
This is a good game, if you have played bowsers inside story or the other mario games that are like this then you should know what to expect. Now some important information. Wake up people and learn how to detect counterfeit copys of nintendo ds and gameboy advance games. Counterfeit games do not work properly they have trouble with saving a games progress, most of the time the game just stops working, also all nintendo ds systems will give you error messages. If you keep getting error messages from the system when you try to load a game then the game is counterfeit. Learn how to identify fake copys of games so you can avoid having your money stolen and having to go through the trouble of  buying the game again and bieng ripped of by dishonest sellers
Waste of money these things are just a money pit, console gaming companies are just trying to get money out of people.
The fact that we need to buy Xbox live points is stupid to begin with.  We buy the system the Xbox 360, and we pay 70 dollars for the games, and now we have to buy xbox live gold cards to play online and then on top of that we need to buy gay points cards to access content and new maps for our purchased games.....BS.  Expected from microsoft though.  When we buy a game it should include free updates, new maps etc.
i had high hopes when i played this game,but to my dissapointment the only innovative-or should i say new-features i noticed about this game was that its graphics and sound were improved but pretty much thats it when compared to civilization 3.even new features like religion doesn't make a huge difference in gameplay even though throughout history the main source of change and influence was religion.don't spend no $40 on this game.trust me. look somewhere else.this is basically civilization 3 with improved graphics and sound.
I received this game on Friday the 24th of March. My computer was running Intel extreme 3D onboard chipset. I changed the graphics out to a GeFORCE FX5500 PCI graphics card W/ 256mb DDR and its own proccessor. This game turned out to be unplayable, I couldn't even develope a character. The opening sequence, the audio was broken and the video was jerky. At another place, there were video artifacts. The graphics are kick ass fantastic, its just too bad that this game was rushed to market before it was completed. Hopefully the Xbox version is better. Oh yeah, my pc is running a 2.53 ghz proccessor. Oh well, I still have alot to do in Morrowind.
I have a VOODOO top of the line line rig so the problems are not with the PC.IT is in the game.Freezes up,Black screen,blue screen,yellow screen,When turning half the screen goes blank sometimes.Not worth the price or effort.It got to the point that my pc would shut down on the blue screen of death.( The pc closed down to prevent damage )Near the end of the game it just quit loading. The loading bar would freeze about half way so I never got to finish the game.BEWARE THIS GAME COULD DAMAGE YOUR COMPUTER!!!!!!
I don't doubt the people that rated this game higher than 2 stars enjoyed it...but they must be easily satisfied types with no desire to play a challenging or original game. I find most people like that enjoy easy to defeat enemies and lame AI.My rating may seem harsh..but trust me. Download and play the DEMO first. You will get the idea very quickly. PREY also made huge claims that it was going to be THE game to beat. HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!! Too funny!If you have played HL2, DOOM 3 or FEAR...you will be biored with this lamer.PREY does offer 2 new concepts and 1 KIND OF new concept...gravity, your character is an American Indian and portals.AMERICAN INDIAN -The main character is an American Indian...or native American. I really liked this! In real life, I am 6' tall, I lift weights and look like I just stepped out of a DOOM 3 Marine platoon mission. I am sick of playing stereotypical, blond haired, crew cut, muscle bound guys. I really enjoyed being an American Indian. Yiour character has a super power...he goes into the "spirit" world which allows him to travel and do things his mortal body cannot do. NICE TOUCH! This was definitely a fresh, new angle for gameplay.GRAVITY -They threw the rules of gravity out the window. You can walk upside down, side ways etc. This is very nice because you get lost/confused sometimes. It does mess with your middle ear a bit. lol However, this does get old after the first 1-2 hours of gameplay.PORTALS -Enemies appear from portals. Instead of enemies pre-planted and waiting for you, they pop out from portals. This is nice. You cannot always attack from behind and it is surprising when they swarm you. The problem is...there is just noit enough challenge to the fights or enough clever AI in the enemies to keep you hooked. Some bob and jump...kind of reminds me of the old days of DOOM. Yes!! The enemies were that predictable.NOW TO REVIEW THE REST OF THE GAMES FEATURES.....WEAPONS -Lame, uninspired and nothing that really gives you goose bumps. Even the weapon sound effects were too "quiet" with no umppphhh behind them.MUSIC -OK. Not bad. Then again...nothing great. Some old classic rock songs thrown in to give an earthy feel.VOICE ACTING -Down right horrible. No emotion, no feeling, no soul behind any of it. The grandfather was the only believable voice. Very lame script too. Down right awful altogether.GRAPHICS -Nothing new. Not as beautiful as Doom 3, Fear or Half-Life 2.GAMEPLAY -OUCH! Talk about a YAWN fest! I kept waiting for some challenging , visceral battles. NOTHING! Everything was predictable and easy to beat. Basically, you spend your entire time winding your way through a space complex. PREDICTABLE. You will find blocked paths and locked doors. PREDICTABLE. Creatures will try to stop you. PREDICTABLE. As soon as you start wal;king on the upside down paths, creature teleport in to attack you...everytime! PREDICTABLE...dear God it was PREDICTABLE!!! Weenies that can't beat hard games without trainers or cheat codes love this kind of game. It makes them feel like their gaming gods. Real gamers will be bored to tears with this one.Nothing got my blood pumping, nothing that made me cry out or grit my teeth. I doubt my pulse got above 80bpm!!! I never sweated a single battle or came close to dying. UGHHH!!!The battles were too easy..even on the hardest setting. I finished the game within 7 hours. More of my money thrown out the window.Save your money. Play the demo that is downloadable from the official site. Play the demo twice. If you still have a craving...rent the game...then if you still like it...buy the darn thing. I enjoyed this game at first..but after hours 1 and 2 rolled by...I knew this was going to be a stinker.
This is one of the greatest video games ever made.  I don't particularly care for this genre of game, but this will go down amongst my all time favorite games.  All the raves of the other good reviews will give you advice on this games strengths, of which there are many.However, don't buy it on the 360.  PLEASE, save yourself the headaches and get it on a PC!!!I've had Oblivion for a little over two months now, and my Xbox 360 can barely play this game.  It is full of bugs.  I've returned it twice and am on my third disk, so I know it's not an errors on the disk itself.  It's just tons and tons of software glitches on the import from PC to 360 (which is funny since the 360 is just a PC in a pretty case).  Three of my close friends are all playing the 360 version as well, and they're all having the same problems I'm having.There are plenty of downloadable features (The Orary, the horse barding, priate ship, etc.), and these seem to have a negative effect on the software and cause a lot of trouble.  However, I didn't donwload any of this, and my game is rife with bugs.  If you go to Bethesda's forums, you can read tons and tons of posts discussing these problems (you might even find me there!).  But I'll sum them up for you.1) The game freezes constantly.  I think it has something to do with the DVD drive trying to load sounds and locking up.2) "Unreadable Disk Errors" are VERY common.  The game will pause, go black, and give this type of errors.  Some times it even says to remove the disk and put in a game designed for the 360!3) Strange loads.  Sometimes, you'll load saved files and appear in the world paralized and halfway inside of your avatar.Bethesda is no help with any of these problems.  On the forums many people have posted their customer support replies, and they're all the most generic, "I'm not listening," plug your ears and hum responses I've ever read.As I've said this is one of the best games in a generation.  But stick with the PC.  You may be one of the fortunate ones with no bugs, but if you're in my boat, you'll be spitting mad at dumpting $60 for a coaster.  If I'd have bought the PC version, I'd have beaten the stupid thing by now!!!
forget that this piece of garbage is a GTA clone for a moment...it doesn't even work...it has frozen on me 4 times in a row...unable to get pat 5% of completion due to freezes...inexcusable for a piece of trash that has been out this long to do this...