Banjo-Kazooie is a strange platformer, but ultimately misses the mark in all key areas of being entertaining.  It tries to be funny without actually being exciting to play.  All the attention on humor and yet, the game itself is hardly ever fun.  This means children would probaly be able to overlook the games flaws and focus on the humor, which I'm sure was Nintendo's intentions- to market the game for kids and assume they wouldn't be able to detect the lousy game design.  I guess the Nintendo 64 struggling to make a profit at the time meant Nintendo had to do absolutely anything to try and get *any* type of crowd interested in their products despite the poor quality we're forced to persevere, so that explains Banjo Kazooie's existence.Anyway, Banjo-Kazooie is basically nothing but an item-collecting quest with graphics that are admittedly prettier and just better than 90% of the stuff the N64 was pumping out at the time.  The waters, grassy lands, mountains... everything is a beautiful sight to behold with crystal clear authentically pleasing environments.  But seriously, why am I basically doing nothing but walking around collecting items the entire time?  If you think "That's what ALL platformers do!" guess again: many of them focus on exciting enemy variety, diverse surroundings and a gradual increase in challenge which this game sorely lacks.  The only challenge is to avoid falling from high narrow platforms while collecting musical notes- these are dirty tricks and artificial challenges.  I found sharks you have to swim away from, crabs you can stomp on top of, and weird gigantic green enemies that come out of walls while you're trying to make your way across high paths without falling.  These enemies only appear like 10% of the time- the rest of your surroundings aren't very threatening.Let's see all the things you have to collect.  Honeycomb pieces, jiggy pieces (mandatory to open entrances to new locations and you need to obtain a certain number of them per world), 100 musical notes which is a total ripoff of Super Mario 64 with the 100 coins needed to get a star, mumbo tokens used to cast spells, and jinjo tokens used to win vehicle parts.  You can turn into animals and insects which is somewhat satisfying for the sake of seeing the occasional brief moments of diversity, but otherwise nothing to get really excited about.  Often you have to climb trees to reach the items on top and it gets boring after a while, believe me.Oh and the game is a victim of underwater tragedies- you're constantly adjusting the camera for a more appropriate angle but finding that it's much harder than it needs to be.  I will never understand why Nintendo refuses to fix water portions in 3D platform gaming.  It's mind-boggling.  They didn't even fix them in Super Mario Galaxy 2, a game released a good 10 years after Banjo-Kazooie.  The characters are all forgettable, including the ponytail-sporting female bear and Banjo himself.  Kazooie the bird is probably the only tolerable one of the bunch.Whereas the Mario series can be enjoyed by kids and adults respectively, Banjo-Kazooie is certainly intended solely for children and no other age group.  It's too shallow of a game overall to satisfy adult gamers.  Banjo-Kazooie is like walking into the nicest looking restaurant in town and everything is great except for one thing- you get a small quantity of food so you ask yourself "Is it worth my time to return here again?"
Not one of the best games. I would have rather played Mario just once. I only play it for about two minutes. I fall asleep afterward.
Every once in a while I experience a piece of entertainment that is *so* overrated it's hard to believe I'm even living on the same planet as those that actually believe this is supposed to be the best. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is that very piece of overrated entertainment. Talk about a video game that not only doesn't live up to the hype (not even close) but it doesn't do a darn thing to impress me even *if* I were to ignore all the exaggerated hype. This is a serious letdown of a video game. But again, please understand I'm not from the same planet as those that enjoy this game. I care about gameplay and replay value more than anything else. Apparently most Zelda fans believe puzzle-based dungeons and soulless overworlds are what defines the Zelda series.One thing that positively stinks is that the land of Hyrule, despite being presented as beautiful (and realistic- don't tell me Nintendo wasn't riding the 3D high in 1998 and going for realism here) it's basically a gigantic piece of nothingness. Simply a means of getting from one area to another. A large, colorless empty field that Link either runs or rides his horse across. Nothing magical, medieval or interesting about *any* of this. It feels too much like taking a typical walk across the field beside my house. Going into this game after a Link to the Past, you'll be scratching your head wondering what happened to the huge variety of overworld enemies, pretty and colorful environments and enticing obstacles. Remember all those trees, rocks, grass and water sections from Link to the Past? Remember how rich and vibrant they looked? Ha, nothing nearly as diverse is featured in this bland and inferior overworld. Oh sure the monsters come out at night (in predictable spots) but that's it. As far as I can see, only one monster actually comes out (named Stalchild). Terribly lacking. The trees are spaced apart in a way that feels lacking too.The dungeons is where this game severely misses the mark to such an extent that it's almost unfathomable to believe Nintendo thought releasing the game the way it is was enough to be sufficient. Again, where ARE all the enemies? Why am I roaming through temple rooms that are way too big for their own good? Are high ceilings and deep pits supposed to justify the lack of enemies because the tradeoff is that it feels like I'm really inside a castle now? Give me a break guys. The rooms are so big they basically have no life whatever. Instead of being loaded with enemies around every corner, these castles are alarmingly empty, lifeless and unacceptable. But... that's apparently okay, because Ocarina of Time is the first 3D Zelda game so its legendary influence and innovation makes it leaps and bounds above the sequels, right? Not in my world baby. The games following Ocarina of Time perfected the Zelda formula way more effectively. Wind Waker and Skyward Sword leaves this dated mess in the dust.While normally I don't care about graphics in a video game, you gotta admit that bright vibrant colors really make the epic heroic adventurous theme of the Zelda series more engrossing. This is just... gross. Only the realistic-looking (flawed) overworld is a sight to behold (which of course now looks significantly better in Twilight Princess). Clearly the effort involved in designing the dungeons isn't much to admire. I don't really mind the occasional choppiness concerning the edges of buildings, trees or other objects that are all part of the Nintendo 64's datedness. Sometimes these unintentional features can be quite charming or, at the very least, forgiving. What I DO mind however is when these features are all over the place to the point of being a distraction, or having a game entirely too long so we're forced to persevere these issues time and time again. In other words I'd be willing to forgive this particular shortcoming if the game made up for the choppy/uninspiring graphics in other areas. Sadly, it doesn't. This isn't even much of an issue compared to the other complaints I have (which I'll mention below- keep reading). These graphics -especially the ones in the dungeons- resemble the ones found in the ruins of Mega Men Legends and the walls of the Quake series. The graphics in Link to the Past are unique and cannot be compared to any other game.Let's discuss the dungeons, shall we? Despite being ridiculously and needlessly large with boring surroundings, most of them have such a small and uninteresting variety of enemies that it's almost a chore going through one generic room after another. Ocarina of Time shows the makings of early 3D development at its most obvious- the platforms are predictable square structures that requires the player to spend most of his or her time lining up Link in order to make proper jumps by turning the camera until Link is positioned enough to reach the platform directly ahead. When you combine the constant requirement of having to change camera angles with having to position Link correctly all for the purpose of being able to see what you're doing and where you're going, it's enough to make you think you're playing with string puppets. Again, early 3D design flaws and datedness.The storytelling is really basic and predictable. It's never elaborate like in Wind Waker or Skyward Sword. It's mainly about rescuing or saving these mountainous cave creatures called Goron's for the first half, and going back and forth from the past to the present in the second half. This is a really uninteresting way of time travelling that feels almost nonexistent due to being so poorly and unsatisfyingly implemented. It doesn't even feel or look like you're going 7 years into the future as Link's appearance is supposed to be that of an older person but he doesn't appear to be much different from his younger self. Oh sure he's slightly bigger as an adult and slightly smaller as a kid but it's very subtle. The music is the one area where the game succeeds quite amazingly however. All the theme songs are not only appropriate for the environments, but melodic and memorable. Several dungeon themes are well-made and believably chilling and haunting. The right ingredients were definitely put into the music-making aspect of the game. The Hyrule overworld theme is enjoyable too and won't get on your nerves despite all the time you will undoubtedly spend there.The dungeons are either incredibly simplistic with strategies that involve the overbearingly dull and overused crate-pushing to open up portals or switches, or hopelessly generic "I'm stuck in a maze and I can't get out" frustration that is an inconvenient trademark of early 3D game design. But... these aren't any ordinary mazes. These are mazes where your surroundings look identical around every turn, hence the flawed early 3D game design. A cheap way of making a maze seem more difficult than it has to be, or in other words, needlessly difficult chores instead of exciting castle exploration which is what made the 2D Zelda's so memorable. Sometimes you have to light torches with arrows or by other means, and quite often you have to collect 5 silver rupees to activate a switch/open a door. Collecting these silver rupees is WAY too similar to Super Mario 64 with the red coins. The Lost Woods is a tunnel-infested maze with no personality whatsoever. The Lost Woods -if you plan on getting everything the game has to offer- will most definitely be the source of endless frustration.The enemies, or rather, what little enemies you will stumble upon on your "adventure" through the temples, is probably the most aggravating part of the entire game. These dungeons are sorely in need of something to spice them up and make them pleasurable. You will often go 3 or 4 rooms at a time without seeing a single enemy. Why even have a sword? In the 2D games the idea was simple- just load or overload the rooms with a variety of enemies and, guess what? *Now* the dungeons are exciting. A genius idea really. Here? In Ocarina of Time? It's all about atmosphere. It's all about featuring as little opposing danger as possible so you can absorb what was once Nintendo's most recent creation back in 1998. But... Nintendo forgot to take into account that technology will inevitably advance and a game relying on atmosphere above everything else will eventually suffer and become inferior one day. What was once a brand new puppy in 1998 is now a tired old dog thanks to the surroundings being boring and incredibly basic in their design. Video game technology is destined to advance making a game like this completely forgettable. That's exactly what has happened with Ocarina of Time- it hasn't stood the test of time.Do you really think those poorly animated mechanical blue tektite spiders in the water dungon are worthy of a Zelda game? Seriously? Their animations are so stiff due to the Nintendo 64's limitations as a console that it's unbearable to deal with them and laughable at the way they lunge towards Link. But even then, *most* dungeon enemies fall way short of acceptable. Big Skulltula is a laughably bland attempt at being dangerous- it's more like a nuisance when one of these comes down out of nowhere while you're running around. The spikes that roll around are incredibly basic and uninteresting. Somehow *all* the enemies manage to never once be memorable. Ever! Ocarina of Time has dated horrendously, seriously. Wolfos are unintetionally funny with their choppy movements and the dated howling sounds they make, Red Bubble is basically the same thing as Big Skulltula but on fire, and Gibdos are boring. The ReDead's let out a hilarious scream that freezes Link in place which is inconvenient when you're trying to get up the ladder right in front of you and even more inconvenient when you're stuck in a room with two of them. Mummies are poorly designed since all you have to do is hookshot them, run behind them, and slice them with your sword. To be fair, some enemies are cool such as Deku Baba where it's best to snap its vine with the sword for an instant kill- creatively well done there. The Deku Scrub where you can block or sword swipe its shooting seeds with the shield and ricochet the seeds back at them is neat. And the Lizalfos and Dinalfos basically serve as mini bosses due to being somewhat harder and more sophisticated than the other ordinary enemies.The game overall has a shortage of rupees. They're really not that important which is odd. This is the first Zelda game I've ever played where rupees feel more like an afterthought. Not something to take real seriously. If you don't feel like collecting them, then don't- no harm done. The bosses are alright except for the irritating one in the water dungeon. You have to repeatedly hookshot him while standing next to the platform. It takes FOREVER (and no, this boss is *nowhere* as fun as the water dungeon in Link to the Past in case you're wondering). The hookshot is used MORE than the sword throughout the game because it serves as an effective weapon quite often. The hookshot is a highly recommended weapon to use in a variety of situations, but especially important when collecting these things called gold skulltulas. After you collect 10 gold skulltula tokens, you get a beneficial reward. You can only collect them after defeating the gold skulltula enemy (usually found on walls). I admit I love the witches you face in the Spirit Temple. While the temple itself is really short and boring, it's probably worth going through it so you can face the two witches that make for a rather entertaining boss fight. You have to use your shield to reflect shots at the *other* witch, and it's really fun and creative. The hookshot's basically a required item to properly deal with hard-shelled or spiked enemies in the dungeons and it's annoying that it's used WAY more frequently than the sword throughout the game. Due to how much precision is required to use the hookshot, using this item becomes a very tedious chore after a while (especially if you keep missing your target) and it slows down the pace of the game by a lot.If you haven't noticed yet, the water dungeon in Ocarina of Time is just abominable. I bring it up often to remind people how terrible a dungeon can be in every possible way. Also, the worst influence ever occurs here- the importance of playing the ocarina musical instrument for a variety of reasons (mostly for warping from one place to another). Nintendo really overdid this aspect of the game by implementing the ocarina WAY too many darn times. It's overdone. Just hurry up and play the darn song and move on for goodness sake. Don't make it so you have to play the ocarina up to 50 times, if not more. I never really counted how many times I used it. It was a lot. It severely drags the gameplay, atmosphere and excitement down and immediately drags the game to a screeching halt having to frequently stop and play these songs on the ocarina. Watching Link stand around and play the instrument is the fruitiest thing I've ever seen. No wonder people think Nintendo makes nothing but kids games these days. This game is partly responsible for that belief due to its influence.Ganon's castle is supposed to be exhilarating and suspenseful. It's supposed to be filled with dangerous traps, tricky puzzles and enemies all over the place. But... the one in Ocarina of Time falls way short of being presentable by normal Legend of Zelda standards. Instead the castle is dominated with mini quests where you have to go through 6 trials to dispel the main barrier. The problem is that each trial contains really simple and short rooms where you only spend a couple minutes in each one performing the same tasks that you already had to do in the previous dungeons such as collecting 5 silver rupees. This is the complete opposite of being overwhelmingly threatening. Another bonus point for Link to the Past. Oh and the Ganon fight? His strategy is stolen from Agahnim's battle from Link to the Past but takes SEVERAL more minutes to bring down. Remember how you fought Agahnim? Yup, same exact strategy but in a 3D world. Sigh. The second part of the Ganon fight (after a looooong and tedious time-based departure from the top of a castle) is to shoot arrows at Ganon and hit his glowing behind several times. It's really easy, all of it. However fighting him in one of the early dungeons (Forest Temple) is actually one of the most memorable in the entire Zelda series. This is because Ganon rides a horse in and out of these picture frames hanging on the wall making for a VERY unique graphics effect and perhaps an original concept. Reminds me of a Harry Potter movie.A few other complaints. Fishing is sort of fun but nothing really noteworthy. It's better than most fishing games I've played in other games I admit. Expect to be sitting and fishing a while in order to get the heart piece however. Most heart pieces are pretty challenging to acquire and take some serious effort to get most of them. That's a rare compliment I can give. Some of the other mini games such as riding a horse and shooting targets is pretty fun. I don't really like that part in the desert where you have to follow a ghost through a dust storm. If you fall behind even a *little* bit you'll lose. Performing this same ghost-chasing task earlier in the game in order to obtain the hookshot is more exciting since you're dodging fireballs. The other task earlier on in the game in the Ice Cavern that involves throwing blue fire over red fire is really overlong and entirely puzzle-based. Having to do this once or twice would have been suitable- not 15-20 times. This particular place is a victim of platforms that are basic and uninteresting.Basically, when compared to the 2D games, Ocarina of Time only feels like half a game due to the dramatic change of turning the Zelda series into 3D but only giving us a small portion of what's available in Link to the Past. As a result the game feels incomplete on too many occasions. It's because the Nintendo 64 is a limited console that's really only able to handle so much. Ocarina of Time comes up way short. Even the first couple hours are disappointing since it takes forever to actually get going. Avoiding being detected by guards isn't fun after the first time. Oh and speaking of avoiding detection- this game actually has a Metal Gear Solid stealth-style mission later on where you have to free these imprisoned carpenter people. The stealth is so underutilized and simplistic that this is the second biggest chore in the game next to the water dungeon. Equally annoying is upon freeing the 4 carpenters, these red sword-swinging enemies appear on screen. The SAME EXACT ENEMY 4 times in a row with *no* differences between any of them. At first these battles seem hard until you realize all you really have to do is lunge your sword directly at them about 5 times, and they fall over and die.Reading text and having boring discussions with Zelda, trees and other semi-interesting characters doesn't get the job done either. Ganon even seems significantly less threatening than usual (that one conversation with Zelda and Link with Ganon patrolling the hallways nearby in Hyrule Castle comes to mind here). I will admit that some of the flame-covered cutscenes involving Ganon riding his horse is very intimidating. The cutscene outside the bridge of Hyrule Castle comes to mind here. Otherwise, Ganon's presented uninterestingly. You're *supposed* to get a feeling of hopelessness that Ganon is going to take over the world and wipe the people out but... due to a culmination of the above mentioned problems, Ganon being a ruthless villain doesn't ever materialize (at least, he's not as scary as he *should* be).Recognize Ocarina of Time for making the 3D Zelda series exist. That's fair. It allowed Wind Waker to eventually be created which in turn made the 3D Zelda formula better starting from that game until now. By 2003 Nintendo was working with the technologically superior Gamecube console which allowed the Zelda series to be fully realized in all major categories (gameplay, graphics, replay value and excitement). I say avoid Ocarina of Time but hey, nobody will listen or agree with me anyway so carry on and have a wonderful day!
Miyamoto slacked off on this one.1.This is certainly not the best game ever. Not even the best game on Nintendo 64. Super Mario 64, and Perfect Dark both stomp this game into submission.2.This is not a role-playing game. Role-playing games have a lot of text and character involvement. This game has a script that is about two pages long, maybe less. What you say or do in this game really has no effect on the games out come.3.This is not the best Zelda game. The Legend Of Zelda, Links Awakening, and A Link To The Past are all much better games, especially for their time.4.This game is not 256 Mega Bytes. It is actually 256 Mega Bits, which is equal to 32 Mega Bytes. So sorry the game isn't nearly the size of a 650/700 Mega Byte CD-ROM.5.The game has no replay value, I played through it once, then about a year later, I attempted playing through it again, I couldn't bare it, the game is just too boring. I played through Final Fantasy VII and VIII twice each, and those took alot longer than this to finish, they were both great both times through.I loved the good old Zelda games but this just doesn't deserve the Zelda name, lets just hope that Zelda on the Game Cube doesn't turn out the same way.
I'm pretty sick and tired of people calling Super Mario 64 a classic.  It's not.  Just because it's significant and influential in helping pave the way for future Mario titles doesn't mean Super Mario 64 is deserving of its classic status, or that it's any fun to actually play.  Super Mario Galaxy came along and pretty much improved every single aspect of Super Mario 64 so you basically no longer have to play this game other than to get a dated taste of mid 90's gaming history.  The only other possible reason someone would play Super Mario 64 is because they desperately seek open world exploration, and this is basically the only Mario platformer that can at least attempt to satisfy gamers with that particular appetite.  Not that I personally believe the game succeeds at the exploring aspect either.The biggest problem is that so much of the land you explore consists of emptiness.  Oh sure you'll see trees, ramps, castles, buildings, enemies such as goombas, chain chomps, badly and laughably animated thwomps lifting up and slamming down, pokeys, rolling boulders, and other things that have become a trademark of the Mario series, but the amount of items to find and collect is *extremely* limited to coins (both yellow and red ones) and the occasional power-up that enables Mario to either fly (which admittedly is pretty fun) or obtain the incredibly boring metal cap that makes Mario invincible.  An alternative to the starman perhaps, with lousy side effects (Mario can't jump as high or far while wearing the metal cap).When you're not experiencing the endless disappointment that is running across empty and boring lands and basically doing nothing but wasting time, you're jumping across a series of unspectacular and very ordinary-presented platforms over and *over* again.  This stuff seriously resembles a beginners course for developing platforms.  It's extremely basic game design.  The platforms are generic square-shaped tiles for you to jump across that quite often are all the same exact size.  It gets monotonous almost immediately.  Only unreasonable Nintendo fans would eat this stuff up, seriously.  Anybody else would obviously be able to detect flawed, repetitive gameplay.  The 2D Mario games move at such a swift pace that you don't even have time to stop and notice the platforms (unless you're an extremely slow gamer).  This is mainly because you don't have to stop and situate Mario a certain way for the purpose of making the perfect jump which is what severely ruins Super Mario 64's gameplay.  And don't EVEN say my skills are horrible when it's obvious through countless youtube videos that several gamers have the same exact issue.While I'm by no means someone who cares about the best graphics available, you gotta admit the ones here have dated horrendously with embarrassing blocky shapes pretty much occupying most areas of the game.  The buildings, water and trees in particular are just awful for the eyes.  Nothing appealing whatsoever about any of the graphics- even the bright inviting colors don't lure me in but rather rub me the wrong way and force some of us older gamers to recall the unpleasant days of Mario Paint.You have to collect 120 stars in order to complete the game 100% but guess what?  Many of the stars are flat out boring to collect due to being pathetically easy and basically being handed to you within minutes.  What kind of challenge is that?  The one where you have to swim around and open treasure chests in a certain order is baby-ish, and the one where you swim around collecting 8 predictably located red coins inside a basic building near the beginning of the game is offensive.  Or how about simply stomping a post into a ground to release a gate and thus, release the star?  Don't even *think* about mentioning the ones where you walk up to Toad and he simply hands you the star.  Granted, the game seems to always alternate easy star-collecting challenges with longer and more drawn out ones as a way to balance things out but that's the problem- the stars are either too easy or too long.  There is one star mission so awful it makes your inevitable death seem like something to anticipate- the one where you have to jump across a series of moving poles.  You have to jump at *just* the right moment while making sure you're positioned in the right spot.  This takes forever and is dreadfully annoying.Also, what's up with all the little baby games?  Grab a baby penguin and slide down a snowy hill?  Chase the bunny so he doesn't hop away?  These are not suitable for anyone who recalls the challenging portions of previous 2D gaming such as Super Mario Bros. 3 or Super Mario World (and yes, these bunny grabbing missions are flaws in Super Mario Galaxy too, in case you think I'm intentionally favoring Super Mario Galaxy for no reason).  At least the cannon-shooting parts are cool.  It's fun figuring out where to launch Mario so he can land safely on upper grounds.I can't help but feel the red star collecting is overrated.  When you collect red stars in Yoshi's Island, you feel like you're given a really elaborate and perfectly executed assignment since you also have to collect flowers and stars to 100% complete a stage.  It's a lot to do not to mention really darn exciting and satisfying once you've acquired all these items, and constantly keeps your attention span in check while searching for them.  Super Mario 64 basically takes that one red coin-collecting element of Yoshi's Island and makes it a main priority here.  You often have to collect 8 red coins per stage (opposed to 20 in Yoshi's Island) to obtain one of the 120 stars.  Ugh.But nothing NOTHING is worse than the fact you have to re-enter stages over and over again just to grab all the stars that are located throughout.  To me this is unquestionably lazy game design.  How can it be anything else?  Who in their right mind would actually *want* to keep going back to the same exact stage ad nauseam?  Super Mario World was guilty of this too granted but not NEARLY to this exaggerated extent.  A terrible idea that gives a false impression a game has replay value but it's exactly the opposite- once you go through the same stage a bunch of times and finally accomplish everything there is to offer, you won't want to repeat these same objectives ever again.  So... you probably won't want to play Super Mario 64 ever again.  Even worse- when you often have to search for 100 coins to obtain a star.  This can take up to 20 minutes and bore you the entire time.  Being forced to collect 100 coins is a lazy way of assuring gamers don't leave any stone unturned because you basically have to thoroughly search every nook and cranny of a stage to even *find* 100 of them.I also dislike how many of the classic enemies aren't included here such as the hammer brothers, buzzy beetles, bloopers, and cheep cheeps.  Even the koopa troopa is nowhere to be seen (well, other than that one race in the beginning).  You can ride a koopa shell like a skateboard but that doesn't count as an enemy appearance.  He's not a true enemy here.  Why is that?  Why not include all the familiar and well-loved enemies that have become a trademark to the Mario series?  They ruin the pirahna plants by the way.  Why is he sleeping?  Granted he comes alive when you get near, but it's a really weird concept.  At least Nintendo got the boos and haunted house right- a surprising and exciting maze-like high point of the game.  It's a lot of fun sorting through each room of the haunted house stages.  *That's* how you design a memorable stage.  Obviously if you weren't busy running around through several vast and average-designed empty fields of grass, there could have EASILY been room for the inclusion of more enemies.  Hey I'm all for open world exploration, but you have to actually fill in those areas with exciting, creative items that are both fun and rewarding to collect for the player, and enemies that present threatening encounters and a rush of excitement.  Simply throwing Mario into a big 3D world because it's his first grand 3D adventure truthfully isn't going to get the job done I'm afraid.  More needs to be done.Constantly having to rearrange the camera so you can see where you're actually going is a nuisance.  Nobody likes dealing with a camera while jumping around trying to play a video game, but granted, several games back in the mid to late 90's were guilty of the same camera problems since developers were still getting their feet wet so to speak, and figuring out the best way to help players accurately and conveniently see what's ahead.  Still, you'll lose more than a few lives due to bad camera angles in Super Mario 64.  I guarantee it.  One thing I *do* like about this game is how fast Mario runs.  It's a fast-moving game, which helps going from point A to point B more convenient. Also some of the wall jumps and triple jumps are fun to execute.  Reminds me of Super Metroid in that respect.  Yoshi is teased in this game (I won't spoil how) but he's not actually playable which doesn't make sense.  Why make an appearance if he's not going to be playable?The music is either extremely good (the brilliant peaceful moodiness of the water theme and the intimidating and exciting heavy metal-like Bowser fights) or downright horrendous (everything else, which consists of annoying nursery rhyme children's themes inappropriate and painfully skull-smashing for the rest of us).  I can't STAND the theme songs that play in Whomp's Fortress and Rainbow Ride- two unforgivable themes that make me want to smash my brains in whenever I play Super Mario Galaxy 2 where they return in all their overbearingly annoying glory.  Rainbow Ride in particular reminds me of a county hayride where kids ride around on tractors (not to mention the stage itself is extremely tedious and overlong).  The snowy mountain stage with the Italian accordion music is sickening and out of place.  Just mute the volume on your TV to make life easier for yourself.  The boss fights are incredibly simplistic- grab Bowser's tail, spin him around and toss him, or pick up/stomp other bosses.  Basic, boring stuff.A few stages that are actually fun include Lethal Lava Land where the platforms convincingly feel like an upgrade into the 3D world from the original Super Mario Bros. castle levels (not to mention better/more interesting use of platform jumping compared to the rest of the levels in SM64), Shifting Sand Land since it's packed with obstacles and enemies (and reasonably challenging overall), and Tall Tall Mountain's tricky climb to the top (involving a vine climbing portion).  In fact, to be fair, Tall Tall Mountain is one of the best levels ever in a 3D Mario game.  It's *that* good.  Bowser's castle levels are pretty solid as well, mostly due to the fast-paced nature of them.Several things feel tacky- the 1-ups and coins are small, dark, ugly looking, and clumsily made due to less than spectacular graphics and game design, and overall Super Mario 64 is just a really lackluster and highly overrated game.  If not for influence, this game would have been forgotten and the superior Super Mario Galaxy series would have prevailed even more dominantly than they already do.  Oh and don't even mention the cake-eating storyline.  It's atrocious.  The fact they brought it back for the Galaxy series makes me want to vomit.
this game is pretty bad first off all you can do is run strait the only good thing about is its pretty long the other bad thing is its to hard and it gets boring i wouldnt buy this game if you want a crash bandicoot game get either 2,3,4.
Naughty Dog and Sony released Crash Bandicoot, which rivaled the likes of Mario and Sonic. In the end, many gamers liked Crash's non-stop action, but others simply just skipped it. Even though it was very promising, Crash's gameplay did not really offer anything new, which featured elements you can find in a 16-bit platformer.You play as Crash, whose girlfriend is kidnapped by Dr. Neo Cortex. You basically just run through the levels from start to finish and fight bosses after each world. Even though the action is intense throughout, the gameplay becomes really tedious. Crash Bandicoot did nothing new for adventure games and it isn't really 3D since you're restricted to one path. All you do is make your way through levels, dodging obstacles, avoiding enemies, and collect items and nothing more. The difficulty level is not exactly high either, and the challenge is severely lacking.Crash's graphics are quite impressive for a PlayStation game, including well-textured environments and colorful characters. Effects like running water and mist and fog are great eye-candy. The visuals are the game's only saving grace. Controlling the bandicoot can be a hassle since it doesn't use analog. You're forced to deal with sensitivity of the crosspad and at times will result in unwanted deaths.Aside from good graphics, you're left with nothing but an average platformer equivalent to that of a 16-bit Sonic game in a polygonal world. While it may be 3D, Crash plays out too much like an old side-scrolling game of the past. I don't know why would anyone want to play this game because Crash Bandicoot pales in comparison to other breakthrough adventure games at the time, like Sega's NiGHTS and Nintendo's Mario 64.
On hog ride. People has misplaced faces and they look like they took drugs. This game sucked. :) Sonic is better!!!
The Good: Decent story, tons of gore, great graphics and audio, new features are neatThe Bad: Abysmal combat, terrible control, extremely slow pace, laughable voice actingI tried so hard to love RE1 and look beyond its major flaws. Flaws such as the abysmal combat system. You can't aim at anything! The tank controls don't help either so you always end up dying CONSTANTLY, and with a lack of health and ammo you'll toss your PS1/PS2/PS3/PSP out the window. The other flaw is the level design. Everything is so confusing and it's so easy to get lost. The map doesn't help one bit because all it does is highlight the hallway that you are in red and you have to decipher what doors go where.Another thing that doesn't help is the game's pace...it's sooooooo slow! When you open a door or walk up stairs the animations talk forever to finish, menu are slow, text is not skippable. Another flaw is the laughable and hideous voice acting. They actors sound like they're fresh out of remedial drama, while the live action cut scenes are just as bad. The only good part about RE is the story, enemies, and the amount of gore there is. While DC offers vibration, uncensorship, and a few game play tweaks it's not worth it. RE4 was my first RE and going back to this is just awful. If you haven't played RE1 you're not missing much at all.
I think it's too late to give a review on this game, but here goes. This is the most perverted game ever made. When you think about it, it's pretty disgusting. "Aim for the open spot!", "I'll do you fast, Peppy old pal.", "Fox, get this guy off me!" "I've got a present for ya!" EEEEEEEEEUUU! Should kids be playing these games?Anyway, the gameplay is fun...for 15 minutes. Then it's bothersome, annoying, and dull. Your team mates have the worst A.I. ever, and they don't get power-ups. The game is horribly easy and WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY too short. Like, 30 minutes short. Also, the voice acting sucks.I hope Starfox Adventures will be good. This game shouldn't have started the whole Starfox thing. If so, it needed work.
At first I didnt like this game, then I got into it. It's like an electic boardgame. The one thing I hate is playing against the consol. Always play with four real people.
I don't see all the hype in this portable gaming device. The games graphics are so terrible (So is Game Boy Advance). The only good Nintendo graphics is the brand new Nintendo DS which has Nintendo 64 graphics which isn't too shabby. But I really hate the Pocket and Color because it's a waste of money. Why would you get something in black and white with terrible graphics and then get one with only some colors (It's not that good) and plus the addition of bad graphics...now that's what I call a bad deal.
everyone did love this game I just didn't like it I'm not a huge turn base RPG fan if I where though this would be a fun game it was enjoyable but very long
For years now,gamers have said that this is one of the greatest games ever made.I just don't understand why they think that is.Even for it's time,it was pretty dull and boring in my opinion.I remember dropping 50 bucks on this game when it first came out back in 1997,and being very dissapointed with it.The main problems I have with this game are the graphics(except the cinematics),the gameplay and some other elements.One of the main things that I hated about FF7 is,there is absolutley NO speech in this game at all.You have to read everything that the characters are saying.It gets very iratating VERY fast.All you do is read,read,read...and read some more.The combat system is way beyond confusing.It's all about they hit you,then you hit them,then they hit you with a strong attack and almost or completly kill you.The only good thing I can say about this game,is the cineamatics are beautiful.They are very nice to watch,but the characters and surrounding areas are very blocky looking...Overall,I give FF7 a two.
The Resident Evil series has been on a steady decline since the first game came out in the mid-90's.  It seems that they make these games harder and harder than they should be and Code Veronica is no exception.  It's not the simplistic puzzles that make the game difficult, rather, it's the lack of ammo and healing items that make what what should be easy battles far more difficult than they should be.Why do some zombies take more bullets than others?  Why do zombies respawn in some areas?  What's up with all the backtracking in this game?  You're still forced to use the stupid typewriter ribbons to SAVE?  These are some of the questions you'll ask yourself when you play the Code Veronica.  Has the series evolved?  If you get past the improved graphics, the answer is NO.  The control is just as sloppy as it was in RE1, albeit with a quick turnaround feature and a new two-handed gun mode (you burn through bullets faster this way).  A great deal of prior planning and trial and error is required, which may have been good back when the series was young, but it has simply gotten to be tedious today.Even the soundtrack is pretty forgettable!  The game has a rather cartoonish look to it...could have looked more realistic but then again, the Dreamcast isn't exactly a graphics powerhouse.  My suggestion...don't buy it.  Granted, I've owned this game for quite some time and those who are new to DC may have heard great things about CV, but trust me, this is a BORING game!  Get Shenmue instead as that game simply plays better and has a better story!
What the Resi series of games does, it does well - OTT Hollywood-style scares and genetically-mutated things that go Bump In The Night. RE 3 is no different, providing more of the same for fans who love it. It also boasts one or two gameplay improvements, but somehow can't quite get back to the glory days of the first 2 games in the series.The plot follows the heroine from the first game, Jill, 24 hours before and after the devastating outbreak of the T-Virus in RE 2. A novel concept, and one which Capcom surely intended to exploit fully. The inclusion of the Nemesis character, a Frankenstein-like monster who relentlessly pursues you from start to finish, is also a nice twist, adding much-neede dtension to the game whenever he makes an appearance. The menus and controls are also tweaked, most notably the inclusion of the 'Turn' and 'Dodge' features, which, if learned properly, add hugely to the gameplay.Graphically RE 3 is as good as RE 2. It's as detailed, and lush as before. The intro is strangely disappointing, being lo-res and choppily animated - the PlayStation 1's power is being overused. The sound is good, though, and the gameplay is the best possible version of an imperfect control system.The problems with RE 3 lie mainly in the game's production. It's nigh-on impossible to keep track of yourself for the first thirty minutes or so, and the map for this portion of the game is difficult to spot. The baddies are souped-up versions from the previous games and are actually too difficult to kill initially. You waste precious ammo and health packs before you realise that you can take multiple paths. Also, Nemesis, though an excellent inclusion, is again too intense for the early stages of the game, and more often than not you'll find yourself cursing Capcom while waiting for your game to reload after he's dispatched you. Again.As the game continues, you realise that the baddies have an unfair advantage over you, and you will end up running past the majority of them. The satisfaction of knowing a Zombie is cornered just isn't there anymore. You also miss out on some beautiful backdrops and vitally important clues becuase you're too busy avoiding some ridiculously over-populated area.A vast, sprawling game that does yield some rewards for die-hard fans, RE 3 is not a good way to introduce yourself to the series because of its unforgiving difficulty. The storyline may also confuse newcomers. If you're a fan who doesn't mind being confused and frustrated, then check it out. If not, wait for something better, like Code: Veronica, or anything in the Silent Hill series.
Back in 1996, Capcom introduced  both Japanese and Americans gamers a brand-new world of videogaming. Despite the rather awkward name of &quot;Resident Evil&quot;, which is just plain out laughable, the title has become a household name. This movie-like, horror series can be written down as a new genre of gaming, horror. Yeah, very few games caused gamers to devastatingly sob (Aeries' funeral in Final Fantasy VII), some games built mystery or suspense (Gray Fox's desperate attack and impressive dialogue in Metal Gear Solid), but Resident Evil led the player to leap in fright or frantically jitter. Capcom inserted blood-thirsty zombies as the adversary, and the player's fear as the biggest opposition. In a sense, it is a movie.  Useless to say, Resident Evil was among the titanic series that landed on the Sony PlayStation. The original game presented an amazing surface. However it suffered from terrible voice acting and a somewhat dull story. Capcom extremely went hard at work for their sequel. Powerful hype erupted when Resident Evil 2 was announced. Anxious gamers couldn't wait to get their grubby paws on a copy. Resident Evil 2 altered the gaming industry. Other home console companies decided to cash in while the genre was sizzling hot. Konami cashed in with Silent Hill. Survival/Adventure games went mainstream.  After RE2 respectfully lived, a third installment was introduced, this time hype was scarce. It came out too quickly and sources claimed the interface was going to be identical as the other two. Fearing the worst, the third installment seemed to be a horrible move for Capcom.  And is.  From the experience of the two Resident Evil games, the player may expect the &quot;scare moments.&quot; While playing on a big screen t.v., with surround sound, the volume almost reverberating the room, and a sudden pack of grunting zombies crashing out a window, I felt no fear. Amateurs to the Resident Evil series may have a chill ride their spine, but original fans will expect each scare attempt. Though few changes have been added, RE3 fails to take a leap over the original Resident Evil 2. In other words just imagine playing Resident Evil 2 but with more rooms and more puzzle solving.  RE2 is the strongest and most remembered in the series. When catching a glimpse of RE3, excitement was absent. RE3 seems it brought the entire series in shame. The story must take a new direction! Like taking a role of an umbrella agent, or the T-Virus spreading somewhere else than Racoon City. Nemesis, a ferocious, mean, bazooka- equipped devil who hunts the player, proves to be a pathetic antagonist and challenge.  The minigames granted after beating the game bring little life at the game's abrupt end. The slogan, &quot;if the Suspense doesn't kill you, then something else will,&quot; lives truly in the second game.
Finally, Sega releases a video game system that rises above mediocrity!  Sega is famous for all kinds of failed (and embarrassing) video game consoles they brought to the world, but this time they actually "kind of" got it right with the Dreamcast.Unfortunately, Sega made a gigantic mistake that almost immediately brought down any chance of the Dreamcast becoming a success.  They chose to release the Dreamcast in late 1999.  Gaming fans vividly remember what happened to the Sega Saturn just a couple years before, and people weren't going to be fooled again.  This was now or never for Sega.  If the Dreamcast failed, Sega would be gone from the hardware market forever.The release date for the Dreamcast was getting closer and closer.  It was in September of 1999.  People were still very happy with their Playstation One because 1999 was one of Sony's highlights for spectacular and revolutionary gaming.  That wasn't the only thing going on.  Sony fans were also anticipating the release of the Playstation 2, which was guaranteed to become the dominant console thanks to the relentless power and popularity the Playstation One was responsible for.  It was during this time Sony was far and away the most powerful company in the video game business.  Sega saw trouble ahead but continued to move forward with the expected Dreamcast release date.Nintendo was also very much alive and in the big picture with the Gamecube.  Nintendo was content on making sure their fans would NOT be disappointed with the Gamecube the way they were with the N64.  Nintendo fans are loyal.  *Nothing* can knock out Nintendo.  Nintendo recognized their mistake with the N64 and knew they could make it right again.  They knew they could give the Playstation 2 a run for its money (and looking back, Nintendo did just that).And so, the release date for the Dreamcast arrived.  With Nintendo and Sony on top of their game, what would happen?  What would happen to Sega?  The Dreamcast would hit the market and... nothing.  No sound.  No noise.  So little was said about the Dreamcast on the release date that it was like Sega had died right then and there.  An eerie silence for a company that gave the world Sonic the Hedgehog.The Dreamcast failed because there were already more than enough successful gaming consoles on the market in 1999, and people didn't want the Dreamcast to interfere with the superior, soon-to-be-released Sony and Nintendo gaming systems.  Sega also failed because of their long, frustrating history of ripping people off with unsatisfactory video game systems (such as the Sega CD and Sega Saturn).  Sega would fool people into thinking they had something extraordinary in the works... only to end up not supporting it.  They had trouble supporting the video game consoles they created and would often leave people with failed attempts and false hopes.  Sega would always fall asleep on the job.  This would happen time and time again, with Sega hoping the brain-dead masses would buy their average, incomplete gaming consoles.  It's like the people who worked for Sega would always say "let's start something and not finish it".When Sega failed YET AGAIN with the Saturn, people finally couldn't TAKE anymore.  Anyone who was still a Sega fan by that point pretty much lost all hope.  Sega was now the enemy and they had to go.  A gaming console needs a giant selection of games, and unfortunately Sega only understood that ONE TIME in their lackluster history (with the Genesis).  Every other console they released only had a few classics to choose from among a bunch of average games.In the case of the Dreamcast, Sega tried to support it but it was too late.  Sony had defeated them.  Sony had defeated BOTH the Saturn and the Dreamcast with the overpowering success of the Playstation One.  Hard to believe but it's true: the Playstation One knocked out BOTH the Saturn and the Dreamcast  off the market, making both of those consoles nothing more than a disappointing memory for Sega fans.In 1999, Sega knew they wouldn't be able to compete with the Playstation 2, so they finally did the right thing in early 2001 by announcing that they would never again make another video game console.  Sega was DONE.  They admitted defeat.  That, my friends, made milions and millions of people very happy.  No more junk on the market.  That announcement was the best thing that could have happened, and if you happened to glance outside that day you would have noticed the sun smiling down on everyone.That meant no more arrogant Sega promotion.  I used to hate the way Sega would always promote their games by putting down Nintendo and Sony.  Now I can laugh at it.  Sega really thought they could trick people into buying their crappy games by constantly making fun of Nintendo and Sony.  Didn't work.  Nintendo and Sony fans are too smart and considerate for that immature nonsense.  I bet everyone responsible for the Playstation's creation were laughing in piles of money over the "fly, play thing, fly" commercial that Sega created in an attempt to make Sony look second-rate.  Ha!  That ugly, gray-colored box destroyed both the Saturn and the Dreamcast, and I hope Sega fans never forget it.It's almost 2007 and people are STILL talking about the Gamecube and Playstation 2.  Why?  Because they are successful video game consoles.  People will look back and REMEMBER them as successful consoles.  No one remembers that the Dreamcast tried to compete with them at one point.  People forgot the Dreamcast even EXISTED when the year 2002 came around.  Sega's video game consoles immediately became dated and forgettable once companies stopped making games for them.  If Sega had put less energy into putting down the competition and more energy into offering their customers *complete* and enjoyable gaming consoles, maybe they'd still be around today.  As it stands, they deserved to watch Nintendo and Sony destroy them.  Nintendo and Sony didn't have to stoop to dirty tactics to win over fans and the world is now a better place.With the release of Nintendo's new revolutionary Wii system coming to America this November, along with the Playstation 3, we don't have to laugh at Sega's silly attempt to compete only to end up being the laughing stock of the world.  Goodbye Sega.
Sega finally got it right with the Dreamcast despite the Nintendo knock off controllers.  This was Sega's last effort in the console wars but we all know how that turned out.  By Sega, makes so good games on Nintendo.
You know, sitting behind a computer screen, I'm glad no one can see the look of disappointment that appeared on my very face the minute I began playing Tekken 3. I am incredibly disappointed that after reading so many positive reviews claiming Tekken 3 to not only be a significant improvement over the previous two Tekken games, but also tagged "the ultimate tournament fighter" that the actual game would turn out to be *so* underwhelming.Tekken 3 really surprised me. But don't take that as a compliment. I went into Tekken 3 with hardly any experience with fighting games whatsoever. I took a break for 10 years with tournament fighters after all those lousy 2D Mortal Kombat games brought me to tears. Back then I figured "okay, either I don't like fighting games or maybe I just don't like the Mortal Kombat series". This was when Mortal Kombat 2 and 3 were popular on the Super NES and Genesis.A lot can change with a human being in 10 years. We grow older, we decide we want to learn about life and wonder where we came from, and we develop an apprecation for the things we have and the people who are in our lives. To put it simply, we're thankful to be alive and feel good. But in some situations, things can remain EXACTLY the same. All those extreme feelings of hatred returned to me immediately after only 5 minutes with Tekken 3. It was the exact same feeling of hopelessness I encountered with the Mortal Kombat series.I really have no idea what went wrong. No, not with the game, I mean, what went wrong with ME. Seeing as how I love watching people fight and kick butt on TV shows and movies, I figured it was only natural that the fighting style in the world of video games would appeal to me. Appeal to me a LOT. That was my assumption. But apparently it STILL hasn't happened. Tekken 3 was supposed to help me wash away all the bad memories of playing old Mortal Kombat games and give me a fresh start and hopefully help me develop an appreciation for the ever-popular genre of games known as "tournament fighters". Nope. It's really disappointing to me to find out that Tekken 3 is just as bad as the rest of the fighters I've played, and basically the same thing but with improved graphics, for that matter. All fighting games feel the same to me. It doesn't even matter if they are 2D or 3D fighters.Tekken 3, despite all the positive reviews, does NOT appeal to me whatsoever. The fighting is really clunky, and it seems each fighter delivers very basic and boring moves to each other. It's not interesting or inspiring at ALL to me. It's boring to watch, and even more boring to play. Why is it so much fun when they fight this way in movies but *not* interesting when it's time to do the same thing in a video game? I have no idea. If you want to pull off the really impressive looking moves in Tekken 3, you have to press a bunch of buttons on the controller in a really complicated way in order to complete a move that COULD have been made *much* easier with a very simple and quick sequence of buttons. Strong emphasis on the word "simple". Many moves actually require you to press the Circle button, and then jump over to the Square button. How is someone supposed to easily master this? Going from Circle to Square is NOT easy.You see, for each of the ten characters in the game, they have major power moves that are very important to master because these are the moves that are supposed to cause the most damage to an opponent. However, many of these moves are incredibly difficult and sophisticated to pull off, and this is a *really* bad thing because the company responsible for this game apparently doesn't understand the importance of making a fighting game easy to master for everyone, of all ages. That way, young and old people alike can appreciate the Tekken style.It really bothers me how ALL of the developers who release fighting games assume the player is automatically completely aware how to play the game. They assume this *every single time* they release a fighting game. Developers assume everyone who plays these kind of games will be able to understand them instantly. We're supposed to be gifted players when it comes to understanding how to successfully pull off any number of lengthy and devestating combos to our opponents. We're supposed to have enough time to press really awkward button combinations on the Playstation controller during a fast-paced and intense fighting match. Not just combos either- regular moves too. We're supposed to have enough patience to continue trying the same fight over and over as we die a million times and the frustration factor increases significantly, and we realize just how IMPOSSIBLE these kind of games are.Well, I have news for every developer out there: many of us have a really difficult time with games like this. Not everyone who plays fighting games should automatically be expected to be a skilled player. Not all of us hang out at local arcades wasting tons of quarters as we try and perfect our skills. Some of us are, you know, average "normal" gamers who just like to have fun. The developers of tournament fighters NEVER could understand this, and years later, they still can't understand what it's like to have fun. We shouldn't have to be a genius to play a fighting game. Not all of us can press the EXACT moves at the EXACT moment and win fights. Maybe one day a tournament fighter will be invented for a gaming console that will be specifically designed to be playable for people who struggle with them. Maybe one day...Other things I don't like about Tekken 3. Despite having excellent graphics, the music is a bunch of horrible, repetitive techno sounds that hardly make me feel compelled to continue playing the game. Oh, and by the way, even though the graphics are really a notch above the rest, there's absolutely no reason to jump with joy when looking at them. Since the fighting is just as basic and uninspiring as that of, oh I don't know, Killer Instinct (another terrible game) you quickly stop caring about how the game looks. In fact, I'd say the fighting engine is EXACTLY like that old Super Nintendo game Killer Instinct. Extremely uninteresting. When someone throws a punch, it's so boring to watch that you just don't care about it. That's what Tekken 3 is all about. Having a fighting engine that's so boring you don't even care if you win or lose.I'm disappointed. That's the only thing I can say at the moment. Maybe one day an easy tournament fighter will hit the market where the main purpose of the game is to have the computer opponents move along at a reasonable pace for all the normal people out there who constantly struggle with fighting games. A game that will give people the much needed time and patience to put a move on their opponent. A game where you aren't expected to hurry up just to deliver a simple move. Somehow, despite hundreds of tournament fighters that will eventually hit stores, I doubt this will ever happen. I will never buy another tournament fighter again. Ever.
Sonic Adventure is a game that tries to do way too much. There are six characters and only one (sonic) is decent. Most of the game is boring and the rest is usually to broken to be any fun.The Sonic level's, which should have been the entire game, are plagued with a broken camera (it was on crack, sometimes it would focus inside a wall) and bugs. The boss battles are way to easy, and when you started to pick up speed I felt like the game was playing itself (I tried to fail on the whale level and it was impossible). Plus the sonic story is super short. I didn't really like the other game stories.In the Tails levels you just replay the same levels as sonic but you can fly. The camera and bugs are even worse here.The E-102 Gamma levels are a super generic shoot-em up game.In Knuckles level's you search for gems in a map and is very tiresome.In Amy's level you pretty much just walk around and hit enemies with a hammer, it gets old very fast.I save the worst for last Big the cat. His levels are just a fishing mini-game. There's nothing special at all, just a boring fishing game, way to go sonic team.Most of Sonic adventure you play boring sub characters, and when you do get to play as sonic, it's too short and plagued with too bug to be any fun. This is by far the most overpraised Dreamcast game out there.
Updated review- March 20, 2007I was completely wrong about Metal Gear Solid.  I've really grown to change my mind about the negative thoughts I once had and NOW I think Metal Gear Solid deserves 5 stars (4.5 to be exact).  I especially grew to appreciate the main purpose of the game which is, as many have already mentioned, being encouraged to AVOID the guards that appear on your radar.  The idea of the game is to find ways to avoid enemies- not just go in and attempt to either shoot or break their necks.  No wonder I originally gave the game a low rating.  I went in expecting to kill everything that walked in my way!  The gameplay is a radically different approach from anything I've ever experienced before.I originally said Metal Gear Solid was one of those games I respect more than I enjoy. I said this because so much thought and energy went into the storyline and voice acting, that I felt the game deserved to be respected, and Konami deserved credit for making it.However, playing the game today for the first time in months, I don't know what happened. When I hit the triangle button to put myself in first-person mode, and looked across the hallway to see if a guard happened to be standing there (or walking towards me) I got caught up in the excitement and the quiet atmosphere of trying to find a way around him. It was addicting. I finally figured out how to break their necks and that was a lot of fun, too. The boss fights are actually the very best thing about Metal Gear Solid.  Every single one of them is fun, not to mention they all require you to figure out the best way to defeat them using your rather large selection of guns and figuring out which gun is the correct one. I love fighting that ninja without using weapons and hearing him speak between the action segments.  Hearing enemies talk while you're fighting them makes you want to kick their butts even MORE!I also love when everything is nice and quiet, and then you accidentally walk right by a guard.  When this happens, a loud sound effect comes in that gives off a feeling of "Oops, my bad!" because now the guard is chasing you around.  You now have to run for your life.  I didn't realize last year that this is actually a lot of fun. This IS a really good game. I'm sorry for saying it was average last year. Sometimes I need to actually PLAY a game before speaking my mind.Metal Gear Solid is the revolutionary Playstation game that showed the world a new, life-like way to play video games in the late 90's.  The influence this game had on the future of video gaming is simply astounding.  Metal Gear Solid showed how you can take stealth fighting and wrap a gigantic, memorable story around it.  While I'm not a big fan of lengthy twists and turns in video game storylines, I will give Konami a lot of respect for putting an *incredible* amount of time and effort into the game, and in the process, having the Metal Gear Solid series continue to do well on the Playstation 2, and soon, Playstation 3.I especially like the quiet atmosphere while you try finding ways to walk around guards.  It comes off like you're watching a movie instead of playing a video game, or, to put it another way, you're "playing" a movie.  Not many people can create an atmosphere quite like this.  Good job Konami.Sometimes the guards aren't as intelligent as you'd like them to be (you can actually walk into an elevator and they will walk right by, without noticing you) and apparently none of them can see you if you're standing only a couple feet away, but you know, these problems are actually pretty nice because it allows gamers to finish Metal Gear Solid without any major difficulty problems.  I can only imagine how hard the game would be if guards were extremely observant all the time.I still have a problem with the overall darkness of the game, though.  More often than not, an important health or ammo pack is located in a hidden dark area, like near a corner, behind a crate or somewhere you can't see.  It's really not a big deal, though.  Just remind yourself to always check every dark area you come across.  If you're still having trouble finding items, just press the triangle button to put yourself in first-person mode, and hit the left or right buttons on the directional pad to scan around.  This works really well.  In fact, the whole first-person camera angle was a great idea from Konami.Even though 20 minutes of cutscenes and conversations isn't really my thing, at least you are given the option to skip through them if you want (by pressing any one of the four main buttons, plus the Start button).  I hate when game companies FORCE you to watch them.  I don't think the storyline is bad in any shape or form.  It's actually decent.  You see, my whole life I've had a belief that a video game should be more about actually "playing a game" and less time should be devoted to storyline segments (I'll make an exception for RPGs).  The storyline in Metal Gear Solid is so big and lengthy that if you were to sit there and listen to the whole thing you would be sitting there for HOURS.  Honestly, Metal Gear Solid focuses more on storyline than actual gameplay.With changing times and technology, people began to prefer the realistic aspects of video gaming.  Metal Gear Solid will go down as one of the originators.I DO have one complaint- there doesn't seem to be an option for you to lock-on to your target, so YOU are forced to find and face the target.  For example, if a guard is located south/east of you, you have to actually use the directional pad to face south/east and THEN you can shoot him.  You have to face him directly or he'll continue shooting at you until you're dead.  This can be a pain because turning correctly is a bit of a challenge.  This could have been fixed with one simple "lock-on nearest target" feature.Sure, you have guns that can zoom in on a target, but to use THESE guns you have to get into a special position (which changes the angle of the camera).  By the time you get into that position the guard will have already killed you because it takes a few seconds to get into that position, and believe me, you don't have a SECOND to waste once a guard spots you.  I want a gun that features a QUICK lock-on target (such as a gun with high amounts of firepower and frequently-available ammo packs).  That way it won't feel hopeless when a million guards are after me.Besides a bit of overall darkness, a lengthy storyline and sometimes unfair situations regarding aiming and shooting, I have no other problems with the game.  These are really minor problems and it's easy for me to look past them.  A game that I SHOULD have given more attention to before attempting to give a final verdict.  Metal Gear Solid is a classic game.  It just took me a while to see that.
I played this game years ago, but I never got to where I am right now! I'm at the part where you should float on top of the pipes to get to Zephon's Lair, and one thing is that there is almost no way to get past that part; if you're lucky, you will make it the first time, if not, you will be trying over 500 times, nothing!This game can also be frustrating as in difficulty, you can get lost very easily! I just do not recommend this game, unless you love to deal with bugs! Avoid at all costs!
Mortal Kombat Trilogy was a popular game back in the early days of the Playstation's existence. Even before the Playstation Mortal Kombat was known as a groundbreaking game for its graphic violence on the Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis. It was the first of its kind, or one of the first. Looking back at the old 2D fighter games, despite the heavy amount of blood and all the creative fatalities, Mortal Kombat STINKS, plain and simple. The game tries to look dangerous and back in the day it really WAS a threat. Parents were terrified that their children might experience all the blood and gore.We're talking nearly 14 years since the original Mortal Kombats release, and now we can look at the Mortal Kombat series for what it really is: a cheesy-looking and crappy series of uninteresting tournament fighting. That's what the entire series is (until the game turned 3D, then I don't know WHAT to think). Just the way the two fighters attack each other is SO boring. Even the best fighters like Sub-Zero and Noob Saibot are a total bore.Midway thought they really had something going when they created Mortal Kombat Trilogy. It featured nearly EVERYBODY from the previous Mortal Kombat games. How can it be bad? Well, besides the reasons I mention above, the Playstation version is murdered with INCREDIBLE amounts of loading times. People can say the Playstation was a bad system when it came to loading all they want, but the fact remains Mortal Kombat Trilogy is quite possibly the most annoying game when it comes to waiting to play the freaking thing. Sometimes you have to wait almost a minute before the game *finally* loads the fight screen. And the fighting is so bad (because the entire Mortal Kombat series up until this point is severely dated and horrible) that the loading times are actually the part I look forward to the most.I'll give the game one extra point for featuring all the fighters in one nifty little package. Besides that. BAD game.
This is one of 530 reviews so if you read this I consider myself lucky.  Alright lets get to it.  First off, it was a nice idea.  Finally a game that focused on loving and caring, without being sexual, and helping your fellow man.  However I think that this is all they focused on in production.  The game, and this is sad for a Final Fantasy, is bad.  I'm sorry but it reeks.  SquareSoft is running out of orginal ideas and it is showing.  Although, the ideas were innovative.  Enemies that level up with your characters.  Never will your characters be gods over an enemy.  Unless it's a boss.  For some odd reason boss levels are limited.  So a player can beef up their characters all they want and then beat the messout of the boss without worry.  The Guardian Forces, while still a nice idea, were poorly planned.  A GF is like a Pokemon (in a sick sadistic way).  It gains levels with your character and through it your character can gain abilities.  Problem is GFs can quickly make their 'host' gods very quickly.  At level 15 my main character's strength was through the roof because not only did he have Ifirt equipped but all his strength increases too.  He could cut down enemies in one blow!  While that's nice it takes away from the difficulty of the game.  The battle system is a nightmare too.  If I have to push buttons to get more damage done, then why don't you just program the game to register the extra damage.  Granted this only applies to Squall but it gets very annoying to have to mash buttons to get a character's strength up.  I hated it in Super Mario RPG and I hate it in this game.  The GF spells have to be pumped up if you want it to do any serious damage.  What happened to watching the nice animations and appreciating the work of the artists who designed them.  The story line is my next pet peeve.  The strength of an RPG comes from the story not the gameplay.  The story in this game is shoddy.  Picture a writer with the exact opposite abilities of John Grisham or Micheal Crichton.  It is that bad.  Not only do you have to mash buttons in the battles but you have to mash buttons to get past the annoying long dialouge exchanges (that seem to be written by a pre-schooler with help from their friends).  It is worse than Parasite Eve 2's story.  At least they tried.  I'm done with my tirade now.  You want the truth, this game is not worth [price], it isn't even worth the rental.  Go to a friend who owns this poor excuse for a game and play it there or borrow it.  For those who saw the Charlie's Angels movie.  This is the game the two (since when is it two player) kids are playing when Barrymore pays them a visit.
If not for Final Fantasy IX switching gears, the franchise may have died from this title. FFVII was a pure marvel and still is, but VIII lacked any good storyline and the characters weren't the least bit interesting. It's a solid piece if you want to have the entire series, let's say, pull it out once in a while to hack at it. It's hard to stay interested most of the time, although it does have some cool CG cut-scenes to do it justice, mostly, it's dull repetition and sits as a rushed follow up to FFVII and it shows. Fans, thank God for IX saving the day, X bringing in the next-generation, and XI, XII coming up. So long from the dullsville FFVIII calls Balaamb. I hope the cadets have retired...
I'm a huge Final Fantasy guy, but for me, 8 is just very close to trash.  I tried to play it right when it came out but I couldn't stand it right from the get go so I quit early.  I tried to play it again a few years ago and the same exact thing happened.  Finally a little while ago, I forced myself through it. No exaggeration.So I started the game for the third time thinking, hey maybe it just takes time to catch on.  But no, I never really became addicted to the gameplay as I usually do in FF games.  The only way to get stronger is to find monsters with different spells and steal their spells for your attributes, which is fine and all, but it got extremely annoying having to do that until you reach 100 and for each character! It doesn't sound necessary but trust that's the only way to get stronger because as your level goes up, so do monster levels, so yes there's no point in even leveling up. Really stupid in my opinion, but it's a different type of thing that I think some people actually did like.  Not me. Every other FF was great as they were because they did not deviate the gameplay to this extent.For every thing else, the story was a definite plunge from 7.  FF7 blew everyone away and when this cam out, the characters were ok, but the story was pretty lame, but not too, too terrible and the music was forgettable.  The environments were about matched with that of 7, but less enjoyable. So overall, this is not a great game.I feel like this game is extremely overrated, getting so much positive feed back, but for what? My expectations were much higher after being so impressed by 7.  Maybe the bar was just set too high.  Maybe Square needed a break.  Then again, there are obviously people who love this style of gameplay, which gives them a much more different gaming experience.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the worst game ever, but it's just not the same Final Fantasy experience everyone loves.So bottom line, if you're new to final fantasy and haven't played this yet, I would say consider a different FF game.  But give it a chance if you're not that picky with RPGs.  Just don't expect much.
When people play a Final Fantasy game they expect several things to come out of the finished game!  For one thing a great story, great charicters, cool battle system, drama, comedy, and greatness, cool graphics, and overall a great game!  That said and done Final Fantasy VIII is the worst example of how to make a great RPG!  When a great RPG company like Squaresoft, who been making the best RPG's for years now, comes in and makes a game, people expect it to be great!!!  Esspecally if it's a Final Fantasy game!  Well let me tell you that Final Fantasy VIII is anyting BUT a great RPG!!!  In fact this game is so pooryly thought out I am at a loss of words!  I'm sure you've already herd complaints about the complicated battle system, cumcumber (And glitched) plot, and lack of charicter developement!  So I'll spare you the details for once!  Lets just say Final Fantasy VIII not only gives the Final Fantasy series a bad name, but it also gives RPG's as a whole a bad name!  Thank you.  Have a nice day!
If you fell in love with Final Fantasy VII, like I did, and are so hungry for more that you are considering this game, I beg of you, don't do it. It is nothing like the aforementioned masterpiece. The story was slow to get going, which I was sympathetic to, since it was like that in FF VII too, but after hours it was still lame. For one thing, you have a "military ranking", and it goes down when you explore the towns! I mean come on, the whole point of an RPG is exploring! But that is not the worst part. The magic system has been redone, and it's HORRIBLE. Instead of the product-of-genius Materia system in FF VII, they have the "draw system". You have to collect magic spells, and use them, like petty items! This is, by far, the worst idea ever.And then there were the characters. After falling under the spell of Cloud, Aeris, Sephiroth and all the rest, I felt like hiding under my blankets and sobbing after meeting Squall, Rinoa and the other lame characters. Their dialogue is lifeless and cheesy, and I didn't feel attached to them at all.Although it's a small complaint, I must mention the graphics. The cutscenes are amazing and far better than FF VII's, but everything else is awful. The blocky, toon-like models of FF VII have been tossed out, replaced by characters that try to shove in the detail of real humans in tiny little models. The result? Stiffly animated, bland graphics.Overall, do not buy this game. Buy Tales of Symphonia, Chrono Cross...anything. Please, do not waste your money. These are the parting words of a weeping gamer. Thank you.
Final Fantasy 7 and 9 are wonderful examples of how an essentially linear game can be manipulated and changed into something epic and enthralling, thanks to excellent characterisation and plot. Final Fantasy 8 (and, oddly enough, FF 10) are wonderful examples of how to bore people silly while forcing them to sit through some nice-looking battles.For those gamers who, like me, need to like a character in order to fully appreciate the game's plot, let me say this: Squall is a moody, horrible, angst-ridden Phallocrat. His supporting cast are forgettable, with the exceptions of the consummately annoying Zell Dincht and the ridiculously feeble Rinoa Heartilly. The characters in FF 8 have none of the appeal of Cloud et al from FF 7, or Zidane and the lovable half-breeds from FF 9.For gamers who don't consider this to be so important, FF 8 still manages to nicely ruin the Final Fantasy reputation by being one of the most boring and unrewarding games in the series. Battles are innumerable and completely random, and fall into 2 categories: extremely easy and unfairly difficult. Case in point; you face Seifer's two main flunkies early on in the game, by which stage your levels are too high to build up quickly on the feeble monsters available in the college &amp; the surrounding areas, and too low to beat these henchmen without massive amounts of luck. The result? You end up running about doing frustrating battle with low-level wildebeests for hours, and the game becomes very, very boring.The graphics are shamefully poorly-thought out. The pre-rendered backdrops for some of the major levels (Balamb Garden, Edea's House) are bland, and have none of the charm of the cityscapes of FF 7 or the magical countryside vistas of FF 9. The character models are far too complex, and look pixellated and rough at almost all angles. Polygon pop-up didn't die out with the Sega Saturn; it's alive and well and working for Squaresoft. The pre-renders, however, are amazing, approaching the quality of early PS 2 titles in their scale and realism.The sound is run-of-the-mill poor PlayStation fare, but the music is decent enough. Better, too, is the Magic system, where, instead of spending hours confusing yourself with Materia, you now Junction Elementals and spells. Sadly, the game relies less on Magic and more on difficult Limit Break techniques and expensive items, so this really isn't a huge plus until late in the game.All in all, FF 8 is a VERY disappointing game, lacking the freedom of exploration of FF 7 and 9. It's a game on wheels, which isn't a bad thing in itself, but when the plot and characters are so forgettable, it becomes a major problem. Steer clear.
This is it!  Is this what the hype was all about? Totally disappointed with this game. Again, a game that took 3 years to develop isnt a guarantee that it'll be good (Daikatana anyone?). Diablo 2 is just all hot air. Lets start with the bugs. First of, let's start with the technical goof ups. The  game had problems with some CD drives. It takes me 3 to 5 tries just to  have my Creative DVD recognize the CD. This is a major bug. Second, the CD  had problems ejecting from my drive, thanks to the patch they released  v.1.02, it still didnt fix it. Thanks for nothing Blizzard. Third, the game  wont run on my GeforceDDR under Direct 3D. So now, Im running the game  using DirectDraw from my GeforceDDR. I ran the game using 3dfx glide and  the graphics were so washed out and hazy. What do you expect from glide?  Now let's go with the gameplay. It is absolutely similar with the first  Diablo. Sure they upgraded the graphics and all, but gameplay is still the  same old Diablo. The game comes in 3 CDs. The first CD will take you only  about 4 hours to finish it because the monsters are just too dumb and too  easy to beat. You'll have the case of BOREDOM by the time you finish CD1.  As you progress deeper into the game, you start to realize that the  challenge becomes more of simply just finishing it because you paid [good money]  for it rather than seeing the end of the game. Motivation factor is zero.  There were a lot of new items and weapons not found in the old Diablo but  new items and new weapons just isnt enough to save this game. Maps are 3  times bigger than the old Diablo. Other than that, this game is just a  waste of time because it runs and feels like the old Diablo which is  already a tired old engine to spend your gaming hours on. I enjoyed playing  Nox more than Diablo II. Newcomers in the Diablo world will feel just dandy  with this game. Old Diablo players will go ho-hum with this one. My take on  this game, wait for the retailers to put it on the bargain shelves.
This is just like Starcraft except it's not nearly as good....if you like Starcraft this is a big dissapointment compared to it.
PROs:Encourages explorationIntense final battle against bossGraphics state-of-the-art for its timeCONs:Frustrating anglesTedious and repetitive gameplayBeaver Bother (you know what I'm talking about if you've played this game)I had always heard how DK64 was such a classic, and so naturally I wanted to finally buy and beat it.Instead of a classic, I found a game that was, well, kind of lazy. You essentially have 7 levels before the boss level, and you have to beat each of these levels with 5 different characters. So, you have to spend your time getting all of DK's bananas and missing the other 4 characters' bananas, because only Diddy can get Diddy bananas, only Tiny can get Tiny coins, etc. This means you have to basically go back and re-do the whole level with another character all over again.Couple this with the fact that camera angles are constantly changing on you, it makes for a very ho-hum experience.At one point during the 30 hours it took me to beat this game, I turned on the game and found all my data was erased. At first I was angry, but then kind of relieved that I didn't have to feel like I needed to finish this game anymore. That's saying a lot, because I always finish games I start. (I turned the game on-and-off again, and the data was there again, so I did finish playing it. But the point still stands: I WANTED my data to be erased.)
For the Nintendo '64 gaming system, the two pre-eminent adventure games were Mario and Zelda.  Those games enthralled players with their tight gameplay and interesting stories.  Unfortunately, DK '64 doesn't have that same tight gameplay, and the story was never the strong suit of the series.The problem with this game is obvious after about 30 minutes: It's all about collecting items, and very little else.  Whether it is coins, tokens, or bananas, this game quickly devolves into little more than a scavenger hunt for miscellaneous items.  Making matters worse is the fact that EACH CHARACTER needs to collect each item to unlock certain features.  The game is tedious enough playing just as a single character, but add in the four others and it becomes ridiculous.The music in this game is engaging (the DK Rap might just be the highlight of the whole experience!), but other than that nothing really stands out.  If you don't mind collecting item after item, you'll like this game more than I.  If you prefer a developed plot, however, than stay away at all costs.
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire was released near the end of 1996 and was one of the first generation games for the N64. It's a decent Star Wars game overall with nagging issues that keep it from being one of the better games for the system.Set after the events in the movie Star Wars V: The Empire Strikes Back but before the events in the movie Star Wars VI: Return of the Jedi (and also based on the book of the same name), you set out to help Luke Skywalker and rescue Princess Leia from the hands of Prince Xizor. Choose from 3 difficulty levels and battle through 9 levels set in planets that are part of the Star Wars universe; battling enemies and making your way around as you would in a platform game.The PROS: Well, the overall presentation is good enough to make you feel you're in the Star Wars universe as the sound effects and music are what you expect to hear in Star Wars games. Even though the game has 9 levels, they are long levels so you won't be cruising through so easily.The CONS: Unfortunately, this is not one of the better SW games available for the N64 for several reasons. This game was part of the first generation of games for the N64 and it shows. The graphics did not age so well and back in 1996 , they were horrible. Super Mario 64 was a launch title and it had way better graphics. Here, the game gets choppy when there's a lot of action, the frame rate dips every so often and there is lots of "pop up" scenery and dense fog (to cover up areas that don't have any animation.) The controls are no better than the ones in the PS title "Tomb Raider". Your character controls like a robot, aiming is a chore to do and the game has horrible collision detection. Add in the platform elements where you have to jump in certain areas and either you end up dying or trying to jump again because the jump button doesn't respond until a full second AFTER you press it. On top of all that, the game's difficulty is pretty unforgiving. Even if you set in on "easy", the enemies are still pretty tough and sometimes you have no idea if your weapons have an effect on whoever you are shooting at.Considering that the first level is easily the best of the game altogether, you're pretty much hyped and can't wait to see the rest of the game. Unfortunately, when you do, you realize that the game falls flat on its face. Star Wars: SotE had a lot of potential. It's a Star Wars game and gives you the feeling that you're part of the awesome story it conveys. But that feeling goes away fast as the crappy graphics, robot like controls, bad platform elements and near impossible difficulty that this game presents keeps it from being the kind of game it could have been. Only the die hard Star Wars fans would pick this up. For everyone else, be warned as other Star Wars games released for the N64 are much, much better than this somewhat playable effort.
For the past few months I'd been picking up old N64 games that I didn't get a chance to purchase during their initial release, and when I saw Shadows of the Empire I immediately grabbed it, being the big Star Wars fan that I am.Shadows was one of the launch games for the N64, and while it might have been a decent game in its day, maybe even a good game (I can't, however, believe it was ever considered a great game), it hasn't aged well at all. To compare, I also recently grabbed Super Mario 64, the original launch game, and still found plenty of charm left in that old cartridge.The graphics are a mixed bag. Our hero, Dash, is rendered rather nicely, with more polygons than one might expect. The levels, however, have ugly textures that will remind the player of early pseudo 3-D games like DOOM and Dark Forces. Hardly the graphical quality the N64 is capable of. Enemies such as the Stormtroopers and mercenaries are fuzzy with blurred details. However, the graphics on the flying missions and the speeder bike level are exceptional. With regards to sound, John Williams score has never failed before, and fortunately, the music combined with classic Star Wars sound effects is just what Star Wars fans want.Where the game really fails is the gameplay. Shadows tries to include many different modes of play, and not all of them work. The snow speeder level is a classic, as it inspired the game Rogue Squadron; the speeder bike chase is rather cool, as is the fight with Boba Fett. However, in other areas of the game, your craft is stationary and all you are required to do is shoot. It's not much different from the Super Nintendo Star Wars games, and the simplistic gameplay can only entertain for so long. Then there is the first-person levels, which unfortunately make up the bulk of the game. Though the game has multiple view modes, Dash is easiest to control in the first-person mode, but the player won't even see the tip of Dash's gun, as is customary with all shooters. There is no target reticle, making aiming irratic. The levels are too big and empty, and are too straightforward. It's a simple matter to walk from point A to point B, with few surprises. You'll find yourself rushing through most of the game to get to the better levels, but unfortunately they're few and far in between.If you're a Star Wars fan, there's still enough here to warrant a purchase, but mostly it'll be for a piece of N64 Star Wars history. While I might have had different feelings about this game had I bought it at launch, I can't imagine feelings much more impressed by it. Shadows of the Empire is the most disappointing of all the N64 Star Wars games.
This version of the trilogy absolutly stunk to high heaven. What the hell happend??? I first brought the MK Trilogy on PC. But after I upgraded to Windows 98 the game would not install anymore, it only worked on Win 95. So I saw the playstaion version, but I never liked the PS and I saw that it was exactly the same as the PC version.. so I figured the N64 version would be just the same.... wrong!!!! There is about 20 charactors missing from the 64 version for some unknown reason. They could well have included them but for some reason this game is more like Mortal Kombat 3 with a few extra charactors.I hope the PC version gets re-released some day. Or maybe i'll just get a PS version Rom, because MK trilogy is the best MK game ever... just not on the 64.
...the actual game is okay but certainkly isnt on par with goldeneye. with the exception of the man dan carrington the characters are wooden and the story is very poor, you never feel into the game's story at all. the level design in general is bad, like the supposed 'stealth' mission in chicago where every enemy knows where you are anyway so there is no stealth involved whatsoever. some of the levels though are fun with inspired design like the sniping levcel in the snow but it doesnt make the game good.what does make the game worth playing is the multi player modes, although the graphics take another turn for the worse they are acceptable in 2 player but with 4 you cant see anything at all without a massive tv. the multi modes make pd, beating the hell out of simulants in slow motion can be fun and sure beats the game. this is what you should be buying the game for, not for the story mode. the trouble with this is that the pd arenas are poor and its only the graphically altered goldeneye levels that are worth playing. a bit lazy on the developers part.overall: except for the inclusion of mr. carrington the story mode is a bust so unless you have enough mates to make the multi worthwhile dont buy it.
Diddy Kong Racing, simply put, is a game I have tried to love, and simply cannot do it.  I have even tried to play it, but I cannot simply stand playing this insipid game.  I do now know why, but this simply is not a good game.  Perhaps it is particular tastes.  But I simply cannot stand this game.  The tracts are fairly imaginative.  One grating thing about it is say you hit a tree.  Well, instead of bouncing off like on many other racing games, you stay bashing into the tree.  It does have some interesting features, however.  The sheer volume of tracts (had it been any other game would have been a plus) shows ingenuity, the story line is interesting, but in execution the game just flails horribly.Why do I give it 2 stars?  The concept.  I love the concept.  Making an adventure out of a racing game, and the format they gave it is an excellent idea.  The sheer number of tracks is exhilarating.  And on some courses there are THREE (plane, hovercraft, kart) types of vehicles to use.  It is just a tragedy that in practice it doesn't come off at all.  It is nowhere near Super Mario Kart 64.  That game is fast-paced and loads of fun, the best racer to hit the N64.  Size wise, this dwarves Mario Kart 64.  If they could have had the execution on Mario Kart 64 and the concept of Diddy Kong Racing, we would have had one hell of a game.  Sadly, such a game does not exist (yet).  We have to settle with a badly executed game (Diddy Kong Racing) with another racing game that is superb in all manner of ways.  But, with a little engineering, we could have the best of both worlds.  Super Mario Kart 64 is the way to go, folks.  The multiplayer battle is really fun too, especially Block Fort.  Superiour in concept, inferiour in execution.  That's the bottom line.
Nintendo has taken one of the greatest racing games for SNES and revamped it into a whole different futuristic racing game. For starters, there are 30 racers rather than 4, and this game is very fast! But to be so fast and have 30 racers, the game is very cheaply detailed. Lets just say the car your driving is very small and looks like a box with rocket boosters. Also with 30 cars 6 cars to start and 24 to earn, it gets a bit confusing as to who you should chose to race as, so there are detailed photos of each driver so that people can pick their favorite to drive as. The originality of the game is the fact that the track forms itself into any sort of shape. It goes into huge anti-gravity loops, half pipes where you can drive on the ceiling, and pipes where you can race on the outside of it... all around it... without falling off! There are three levels of difficulty, customizable colors, cars, speeds, acceleration and three circuits with seven or so unique tracks. Finally there is an original battle mode, where you must destroy other racers by knocking them off the track. This is a game you should rent before you buy.
They should've made this game like the 2 before it. They just made it too complex and un donkey kong ya know what i mean?Its ok at first, but it gets boring too fast.( at least it's not nearly as bad as DK64 )
(This review was updated on July 10th, 2006)I've changed my mind about Super Mario World and actually think it deserves 4 stars.  I was just in a bad mood when I originally gave the game a 2-star rating.  It turns out Super Mario World is not just a game you can enjoy growing up in the early 90's.  It actually has a lot of replay value and years later our children can enjoy Super Mario World the same way WE did.I still stand by what I say in the original review: "The Donkey Kong Country series, for example, came along with a similar idea and made it more exciting IMO, so, if I were you I'd go with one of those games instead of Super Mario World.  For the most part the levels in the DKC series feel different from each other (plus, they feel more creative and memorable).  Unfortunately, many of the levels in Super Mario World are all basically the same and, as a result, I feel exhausted after playing the game for two hours.To put it another way- in Super Mario World it feels like you're going through the levels simply to collect coins and extra lives.  In the Donkey Kong Country series, you pretty much do the same thing (except bananas instead of coins) but it seems like the DKC series offers more creativity in the level design, which allows you to look forward to each stage and think to yourself "I wonder what cool thing I get to do in THIS stage".  It's not like that in Super Mario World."I still believe that, but I've recently come to change my mind a little and think that, even though most of the levels in Super Mario World feel the same, that's not necessarily a BAD thing.  I also don't think the graphics in SMW are as nice as many reviewers think.  They sort of look blocky but, to their credit, Nintendo games have always had plenty of pretty colors, which is a plus.So go ahead and buy Super Mario World if you want to experience the joy of old-school Mario (the games MY generation grew up with).  After all, it's Mario and Mario games always have something decent going for them (except Mario Is Missing, but with time we've come to realize that game never even existed!)Super Mario World is basically Super Mario Bros. 3 (but without all the cool Mario suits and less creative worlds).  I like in Super Mario Bros. 3 how you have water, desert, air, plant and ice worlds (in addition to more).  In Super Mario World you just have UNUSUAL worlds such as Chocolate Island and Forest of Illusion.  Those aren't as neat as the worlds in Super Mario Bros. 3.  Super Mario World should have been the best Mario game yet but Nintendo took a few steps back (but with a MONSTER like Super Mario Bros. 3 I guess it would have been difficult to make a better Mario game right after it).Another problem in Super Mario World is that if you want to get a perfect score (96) you not only have to reach the goal in every single level, but you also have to find and grab a key in certain levels (but not all levels have keys).  This means you have to go through many levels a SECOND time.  It's sort of boring.  Once is enough.  The concept of collecting keys wasn't a good one.  I guess the good part is that if you are wearing a cape, you can quickly fly through the levels (except for water levels, and any level where the screen pushes you to the right) but that's not fun either because all you do is continue flying and pushing the back button to stay up high in the air until you reach the goal (or the key).  However, at the end of the day none of this is really enough to make the game bad in any way.  I just get tired of it.Go ahead and get it.  Yes, it's a classic.
Mortal Kombat was really weak on the SNES because it was so censored. No blood, some people had different fatalities (ex: Johnny Cage's foot in your stomach). Blood was traded for sweat (?!?!) and because of those 2 reasons, the game was truly brought down a notch.Yes it's still a classic but it's not worth it on SNES. You're better off getting it on the SEGA system because that way you could overcome the censorship and at least put in a &quot;blood code&quot;.Personally, I'd skip this one anyday and go straight to MK II because that was just all out better than MK and it was a lot more enjoyable, had better replay and a lot more characters. Trust me, skip MK on SNES and go straight for MK II on SNES.
I missed the original Mortal Kombat in arcades, and was introduced to the series through word-of-mouth about how violent the title was. Really if this was the only version I'd played, I would've never gussed what all the hype was about.Graphics and audio are pretty good, far surpassing what the Genesis version was offering and staying pretty true to the arcade version. Gameplay however, is a failure. Nevermind that the fatalities have been changed and the blood turned to sweat - the actual fighting is stiff and unresponsive, and it feels like the fighters have their feet glued to the floor. The only move that works well here is Scorpion's spear, and it's so smooth in its execution that it becomes the best way of landing cheap hits.Look at MK objectively: bad controls, less characters than Street Fighter, less moves, a limited number of environments with no background animation (though the Pit idea was rather cool). The first installment was truly one that sold based on the strength of its gore, and on the SNES we're deprived of that as well.MK fans might or might not want this version for completion purposes (since it looks graphically like the arcade but removes all the violent content). Everyone else should jump to MKII, which really got the series started.
Max Payne has been in development for approximately 4 years, and it took all that time to publish a [...] game that doesn't include a multiplayer mode, very, very few cut scenes, and one boring character who has the constant look of constipation or a reaction to "stinky feet" on his face 100% of the time, it's really very annoying.The whole game revolves around "Bullet time," a nifty idea that is great when it's simply another feature in a game, but to have the entire game built around it is simply boring.Max Payne consists of running into a dark room, shooting everybody, then moving on to the next room, wash, rinse and repeat, over and over and over.On top of that you get to read incredibly corny, "John Woo" style (whatever that is) dialogue (read: bad cliches) and cinematic flair.The story revolves around you finding your wife and child shot by someone and you go out for revenge as a renegade cop of sorts and uncover a large conspiracy.  The characters are completely uninteresting, look much too similar, and the comic book style text which breaks things up are as boring and dull as an episode of NYPD Blue.Max Payne should've (been cheaper) for the game itself is only about 10 or so hours long, has little to-no extras, and limited replayability.Shooting people in slow motion simply isn't enough to knock my socks off I guess.
Early levels are easy but watch out when you do the hard ones - the AI is BRUTALIf you want to play the original that started it all, this might be for you, but if you just wanted one of the Mario Kart series, look for the DS version or the one on Wii.
I keep trying to force myself to play this thing because all  I read are rave reviews for it...but I'm not feeling it.  First off half of the sound effects are downright ANNOYING (that crying baby Mario makes me reach for the power button every time...couldn't they have thought of something else???).  Then there are the controls, which I find much less intuitive than other Mario games--even the way Yoshi jumps is off...it's way too slow.  Even if I look past those issues, I still don't find myself having fun while playing this game.  Where's the fun??
Like i said i do not like RPGs and especially this one. I have it because of course its mario and im willing to try any mario. It takes so long to beat it because the RPG and it gets on ur nerves when u cant beat a boss or enemy and u have to restart and beat them. At the begining it has some cheesey video of what happend to peach. It took me forever to beat it and as soon as i did i felt much better and it did not seem as much as a dumb game. The graphics r ur ordinary snes graphics and the sound is not as good as most snes games. I dont like it because its an RPG but the only reason i keep it is because it adds to the collection and my little cousin loves to play it.
Though any SNES game bearing the title "Final Fantasy" can now be called a collector's item, this is definitely the least sought after of the bunch. This is a hard game to appreciate having experienced parts 4 and 6, but for younger gamers, this is the perfect game. The story is strictly storybook-standard fodder, non-violent and pleasing to simple minds. The graphics and music are not even worth mentioning, as they cannot rightfully be called Final Fantasy material.But considering the target market, it would be unfair to totally trash this game. If I had a son, I would get this game for him as an into into RPGs. The better installments could wait. I wouldn't  call this game the "Worst RPG Of All Time", since I have played much, much worse.
I know there's some of you who'd like to see this game get 1 star, but come on, it's not THAT bad. For example,the music, although not excellent throughout, is pretty good. My favorites are the Volcano, Boss, and Gale Mountain themes. The Boss theme is ESPECIALLY good,though, one of the best I've heard. I know that many of you complain, &quot;Oh, I don't like the random battles.&quot; Well let me ask you this: Would you prefer 10 (TEN) MANDATORY battles on the world map before you can go on to the next area? I didn't think so. The dungeons and caves are a different story, though, as you can avoid most enemies (they appear onscreen)--unless you're going down a one-way tunnel. So the battles are a mixed bag, as you can see. Next, being a very early SNES title, the graphics and story are very bland--compared to later Squaresoft titles. Amazingly enough, I'm GLAD that Squaresoft made this game. Yes, GLAD. Why? Because when a system first comes out, companies aren't too sure what the full potential of that system is. Wouldn't it be dreadful if Squaresoft tried to put their BEST storyline, characters, music, gameplay, you name it, into this first game--only to realized that the SNES can't handle it, or that they could have done better later on? So I guess you could call this an EXPERIMENTAL Squaresoft game, just a way of sticking one's toe in the water. And before you start slapping your green numbers down in front of the cashier or reaching for the DOWNLOAD button, I suggest that you read other reviews--do a Google search or something--beforehand.
This is the black sheep of the Final Fantasy family.  It is barely mentioned in any discussion about Final Fantasy and there is a very good reason.  This is the worst game that I have played that actually bears the Final Fantasy name.  Simply put: this game is not good.  By the time this game was released, Squaresoft had give us a simplified version of Final Fantasy IV and called it Final Fantasy II.  FFII was more complex and had a deeper story than Mystic Quest.  The American audience had proven that we could handle more complex RPGs, but the next Final Fantasy we got was the children's game Mystic Quest.I finished Mystic Quest the first time in about 8-9 hours (at most), and after that I could beat the game in less than 6 hours.  Had there been an actual story to the game, this would have been just a warm-up, but instead the game was complete.  Mystic Quest would have worked better as a side scrolling adventure RPG rather than a straight RPG.  As it stands, the game is closer in feel to Final Fantasy Adventure for the Gameboy than any Final Fantasy in the numbered series.  The story is simple: gather crystals and save the world (okay, FF I and IV had this story, too).  The gameplay was far too easy.  Most enemies would go down in one or two hits, and you can just fly through the game learning some spells and whacking enemies.My description isn't quite doing justice to how dull the game is and how little fun it is to play.  Because of the weakness of this game, the only positive is that the game is so short.  If you must play it, go into it with no expectations.  If you want to play a good SNES RPG, try Final Fantasy II or III, or Chrono Trigger.  If you do play this game, remember to use the Cure spell on the final boss.  It makes life easier.
Maybe that's a little unfair.  I'm admittedly not a big Final Fantasy fan (Square has made some other stuff which I enjoy).  The FF series is mostly okay, but Mystic Quest is terrible.Mystic Quest was, as far as I know, a pitiful attempt by the Japanese dominated market of the time to create a 'trainer' RPG for stupid Americans.  Those stupid Americans were woefully underestimated.Mystic Quest has a plot more suitable for a side-scroller than an RPG: Find the four crystals and kill the main bad guy, and thereby save the world.  That's about it.  The standard talking and house invasion system is used, but nobody really has anything to say.There is a small assortment of friendly characters who join your party at the game's discretion.  They don't really have much to say, either.  The one guy is a ninja, I guess, which is nice.  He was my favorite.The combat system is nothing, just straight turn-based attack button pressing.  You can also cast one of a small number of spells, using a system in which you can cast a certain number of each spell type (white, black), rather than using magic points.  Also, for some reason, unless you change it, your HP are represented by bars rather than numbers.  Between towns, you fight in arenas (by the way, there is no wandering in the wilderness) which are boring, but you get prizes, so I did them anyway.  There are also only random encounters in some of the dungeons, and set monsters is the others (one is even a mixture of the two).  Don't ask why.  Having mostly non-random monsters earns Mystic Quest its first star.The graphics are downright bad, but I've come to expect that from old games.  They aren't too much worse than, say, FFIV.  The music, on the other hand, is great for old school stuff.  Good enough to earn Mystic Quest its second star.Anyways, Mystic Quest is awful, though almost comparable to FFIV, but much worse.  Maybe it is good for training people into RPG's.  Someone who is young and hasn't played any RPG's.  Maybe.  It took me ten hours to beat, but could be done in five if you didn't mess around.  Take some advice from someone who paid 10$ for Mystic Quest: If you can't find it for [money]$ or less, don't bother.
This game is the worst final fantasy game I've ever had the misfortune to play. The bad graphics are only masked by the horrific gameplay & loss of convincing Heros, not to mention the absence of convincing story-lines that made the Final Fantasy series such a huge hit! The only fantasy that comes to mind when playing this game is the fantasy of killing yourself or throwing it out the window and praying to God for the souls of the people who put this game on the market. I warn all new-comers to the final fantasy world: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME! If your looking for a good final fantasy game to start up with I recomend Final Fantasy I & II Dawn of Souls for the GameBoy Advance, or Final Fantasy Origins for the PSone.Written by:ShadowMage (The game maniac)
This game is one of those titles that you either love or hate, and while its more loved than hated, I'm going to say that I don't like this very much. Now, I know that multiple people have wrote the same type of review here, but this game frustrated me so much that I felt that I needed to chime in as well, along with the two others who wrote a similar review to mine.On one note, I actually loved the color and diverse environments in this game, but there are two major flaws. The menu is extremely excruciatingly difficult to navigate through, you have to keep pressing X and Y all over again to find what you need, and the battle system is simply unforgiving. You have to wait for your attack to charge and sometimes you don't have time to wait for your attack to charge, and you end up getting gang beaten by all the monsters around you because your sword does not even hit the monster half the time, (yes you heard me right!!) half the time!!! That is unacceptable especially for an action RPG.For a turn-based RPG I may understand, but even on turn-based RPGs enemy evades rarely happen, and only happen when the character has an agility lowering spell cast on, but no in Secret of Mana, you have to miss the enemy more than 50% of the time trying to hit it and it really aggravates me!! There is one more thing about this game that is an absolute deal-breaker. When you try to exit a room, you have to forcefully gather your characters by either hitting select, or going back towards them, but what if an enemy is still in the way, well you character meets the reaper!! This is the epitome of poor game design, I absolutely cannot fathom that this game has even passed testing, let alone getting the Nintendo Seal of Quality back in its release in 1993, and being re-released on Virtual Console without the AI problems addressed! Thank goodness I only wasted $8 on this game, and not $60 on a SNES cart. Please play Breath of Fire II, or Chrono Trigger instead, or if you really want an action RPG, you can play Illusion of Gaia or Zelda: Link to the Past; you will thank me later!!
A friend at work recommended this game to me, he being an RPG enthusiast just like me was surprised when I said I had not played it. I've beaten Legend Of Mana, so hey why not give this a go! Honest opinion.... Not as great as I expected. I did enjoy it to some extent, but about 8 hours in it just gets cheap. I'm talking Ruby Weapons "Quicksand" attack cheap. Enemies start multiplying, bosses start coming in pairs and heal each other/Revive. I've come across this before in RPG's (Star Ocean 3,Legend Of Dragoon,Paper Mario), but in Secret Of Mana it's way out of control. I guess that's how they chose to make this game difficult, just give enemies doppleganger/infinite healing/infinite revive. Not my style. It's not like me to just up and quit a game right in the middle, so I'm a little disappointed. As for this being one of the greatest RPG's Ever? I wouldn't go that far and I wouldn't bring it up in a conversation concerning that subject.  Also it's absolutely not worth that $50.00 "used" price tag it holds. Maybe it's on PSN?ahem, on a much brighter note. May I recommend some highly acclaimed games like Legend Of Zelda: A Link To The Past, Final Fantasy 3 aka 6, or Chrono Trigger instead?Anywho, if you're a fan of this game no disrespect. This is just an opinion, don't get all hurt. Quiet frankly I thought "Legend Of Mana" was an ok game. Haven't tried Dawn Of Mana, but was told to stay far far away from it.
It's a little late to be writing a review on such an old game, but hey this was my first play through and thought a review might help someone make a decision on whether or not to play Parasite Eve. Now a lot of reviews do a great job of summing up the flaws of this game, bad running system, very short game, super linear, etc. Here's my ultimate beef with Parasite Eve. It fails to be a worthy RPG and lacks cunning elements to be a decent horror game. I ordered French Toast with hot maple syrup and sausage on the side and what do I get? A dry lukewarm bowl of oatmeal and no milk. BleH!My Other Beefs With Parasite Eve's:-Cut scenes before boss battles. Anyone who likes RPG's knows how utterly frustrating it can be having to watch the same cinematic before a hard boss fight.-Bad weapon system. Why use a rocket launcher when you can upgrade a pistol to do just as much damage as well as make you act faster in battle? Whoever was assigned to work on this part of the game was in my opinion lazy.-Two discs only 14 hours of gameplay. What?? Already mentioned in other posts too.-Linear, Linear, LinEAR!!! Ok not Final Fantasy 13 Linear, but close to it.-Boring story. Think of a corny Scifi movie and there you have it. Nothing new or exciting. If anything the story borrows on Resident Evil and tries to mix in it's own thing. Whatever that is because I totally missed it. Same old, same old.-Adding techno music to a game isn't a great idea if you're going for horror. It's catchy, but destroys the mood when you're in a dark hall and there's creepy ambient noise. Then all of a sudden Pu-ch Pu-ch Pu-ch, *surrounded my monster.-Sad last boss battle. It's a fairly easy win, but here's the catch. After the battle you have to run from the creature through a ship. Think Resident Evil 6 Ada story, but if you take a wrong turn and it catches you guess what? Game over start over from last save point. Only your last save point was before the 10 minute cut scene before the boss and the 10 minute boss fight. So after all the failed attempts just to run from the boss you're looking at a 3 hour last boss battle due to failing to run away from it.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now Parasite Eve does have good graphics for its time and a very nice soundtrack with some catchy tunes. Is this enough to make it a great game? In this case no...Ahem... check please. It's just lacking way too much to be worth while as many others have already mentioned here on Amazon and doesn't really pull out anything unique.Also on a side note if you're a Christian I highly recommend skipping this one as it manages to drop the name "Jesus" twice in the first five minutes of game play. Then four minutes later you find a journal that mentions the bad guy wanting to " sell their soul to the devil." Mix that in with a bunch of "Hells" and "God" throughout the whole game.I bring this up because I've played a lot of RPG's in my time. I mean A LOT. And it's very uncommon for stuff like this to be said in a Fantasy game, especially on this level. Poor choice of dialogue, the guy who translated this to English should have been fired. I'm sure you wont find this type of dialogue in the original Japanese translation.It's games like Parasite Eve that make me ask "Why." Why don't I have millions of dollars to make a game to show them how it's done. That would be great, but I don't. So I'm stuck just throwing in my two cents on how and how not to make a game. *sighAnywho, all is not lost. If you're looking for a classic RPG that's worth while why not check out -Vagrant Story- or -Threads Of Fate-. A few months back I played -Vagrant Story- and it was actually pretty decent. Solid story and gameplay. Very similar to Parasite Eve minus all the bad stuff.Thanks for reading, hope this helps.
From what people make this game out to be, it was supposed to be the &quot;best game of all time&quot; perhaps, but I saw it completely different. I dunno if it is just me, but I found this games storyline incredibly boring, the battle system was OK in some areas, and the music was absolutely dreadful. Let me break it down for you....Music: 1/5...Why? Because it repeats the same tunes over...and over...and OVER AGAIN. The reason I gave it one star, is because when you first hear the music it sounds good, but after hearing it in so many areas throughout the game, its tedious and very annoying. And when it comes down to it I wasn't very satisfied with the music to begin with. Like for example, most of the areas in the game will play the same exact music, so it gets very repetitive.Storyline: 2/5I found the storyline pretty horrific as far as being interesting and captivating. Not once in the game did I really care about the characters or what was really going on. And there is so much talking in this game I could probably fall asleep after drinking 10 glasses of cafe mocha...To be blunt...there is way too much talking...and the story isnt explained till the end. So throughout the whole game you are confused about what the heck is going on.Entertainment- 3/5Why am i giving it a decent score for entertainment? Well there are a lot of interesting mini games here and playing in the xenogears mixed with humans is also interesting.Playability- 4/5This is probably the only good part about this game. You can actually jump around here (unlike most RPGs) and there is plenty to explore in your environment. This sometimes makes traveling through long boring dungeons...not so dull.Graphics- 3.5/5The graphics are alright, not good enough to give four stars, but pretty good for when it came out. I am a sucker for 3d playstation one style graphics...kinda the old-school style that playstation RPGs used to have. If you are looking for final fantasy 8 graphics....you wont find them here.Overall- 2.5/5If you have a lot of time on your hands...or like playing games for extended periods of time...this is for you.I however, do not enjoy playing games for 80 hours just to see the ending. Yes thats right...80 + hours just to finish it off, not including finishing everything such as side quests...just the storyline. How someone can sit through 80 hours of jabbering and a boring storyline...and let's not forget annoying music...I have no idea. I hope some day I will understand why this game is considered to be so great...but I don't think it will happen.Do i recommend this? Nope.
I think Nintendo 64 was probably the worst Nintendo system next to the standard NES.The standard NES had a strong library of games but that didnt matter because only 3 or 4 have a save option. Nintendo 64 on the other hand has strong graphics and a short amount of games. There are only 4 or 5 games on this system that are worth owning unlike Game Cube's 15. The graphics are not a weakness what is a weakness is that Nintendo 64 just didnt have enough quality games.Super Mario 64,Super Smash Bros,F Zero X,Ms Pacman Maze Madness are the only N64 games worth owning. Those games almost make up for the limited number of games.Its still worth owning because of its great games but dont get your hopes up after all these years there have been only about 4 or 5 games worth owning.The Super NES also had a pretty limited supply of games but managed to be one of the best systems ever made because the 5 or so games for it were masterpieces.I suggest you get a Game Cube because it has more worthwhile games than any other Nintendo system before it.
It is a known fact that the N64 got its barn doors blown off in the system wars.  Upstart Sony took the technology that was to be the foundation of the SNES CD-ROM add-on, and proceeded to give the world the Sony Playstation, and they've been on top of the biz ever since.  The N64 was crippled by Nintendo's stale conservative business attitudes, a lack of games aimed at anyone over the age of 10, and an expensive cartridge medium that required inflated prices to recoup any sort of profit from.And that is where we stand today: Nintendo's current contender, Gamecube, is being smacked around by both Sony (PS2) and Microsoft (XBox) and as if that isn't enough humiliation, Nintendo still wants consumers to shell out 100 bones for what amounts to a 1995 model automobile.Are there good games to be played on the N64?  Of course.  It's just ludicrous to expect the game-buying public to pay the equivalent of Gamecube prices for an outdated, dead, way-past-the-prime-it-never-had system.  It's a shame, because there are some fine titles to be had, but no one will buy them when they can simply sink those funds into a state-of-the-art machine.Dumb marketing, thy name is Nintendo.
Well, I can't say that Nintendo made false promises...the game gives you your Pokemon in all their 3D glory, with their cute little attacks in 64  bit graphic splendor.What else, you ask?  Well, that's the problem.  There isn't anything else.  This game is fun if you and your friend want to  play Pokemon with better graphics.  There is almost nothing else to do with  this game:  although it offers multiple other features, none of these  merits any praise.For example, the game comes with 9 &quot;mini  games&quot; of sorts...which are all basically variations of each other in  that they all require mindless button mashing.  Some require TIMED button  mashing...woo hoo.  The only one that speaks to be something worth anyone's  time is the Clefairy memory game, which requires you to remember sequences  of arrows and repeat them within a time limit.  These games get real old,  real fast.  But that's why its worth RENTING, not buying.  Blockbuster will  even give you the nifty little controller pack to upload your pokemon  should you so desire.&quot;But it comes with other stuff too, you biased  punk!&quot;  It does?  Oh yeah, that silly single player thing where you  can fight against a bunch of ridiculously easy trainers to...earn nothing.  No exp, cool items, secret endings, or anything interesting like that.  Why  bother when you could be kicking the living crud out of the elite four  again and again for experience?The one redeeming thing about this game  is the single player one-on-one vs computer mode.  You choose 6 pokemon -  all level 50 - and your opponent does the same.  These pokemon all have  attacks pre-assigned to them - and higher evolutions aren't necessarily  better, because the lower evolutions have superior attacks (so that  everyone isnt choosing charizard over cute lil ol charmander).  In essence,  the only way to win is pure strategy, because you can't go out and level  your pokemon a bajillion levels and try to use brute force.But then  again, the primary audience of Pokemon is little kids.  And since when do  little kids use strategy in these games?  Excuse me while I go knock on  wood.Again, to summarize, its a renter, not a buyer.  It'll keep you  entertained for a night or two, and is GREAT for pokemon trainer parties,  but beyond that, the game is a waste of everyone's money.
I may not be a Pokemon fan anymore, but I LOVED the series when I was a lot younger (Fun Fact: A Jirachi card was what motivated me to ride my bike). Actually, I'd probably go play Pokemon Sapphire again if I were to come back to Pokemon fandom. Now, let me tell you: I'm not one to troll Nintendo. I'm a HUGE Nintendo fanboy, just so you know (See lots of my other reviews for proof).But then when you look at Pokemon Stadium, you'd probably think: "OMG POKEMON ON NINTENDO 64!!!" It would be one of the best Nintendo games ever, considering how awesome the series was on Game Boy, right? WRONG.Pokemon Stadium isn't what you'd expect to be the next big entry in the franchise. Rather than it being an RPG, the series's turn-based battles replace it all! It's all about fighting your Pokemon. Nothing else. In turned-based battles. How the heck is that supposed to work? It's not. If it's an RPG with that stuff, then we'd be all over it. You CAN'T have the turn-based battles make up a whole game by itself.Okay, maybe it actually isn't ALL about the turn-based battles. There are minigames, and some of them can be rather interesting. But they only remind you that this should have been an RPG. We had to wait for Pokemon Colosseum to give us the experience that we really needed. This should be left alone, as one of Nintendo's few pieces of crap. At least the graphics were amazing for the N64.
Fails. I've never played baldurs gate. I remember my sister asking to so I asked my dad to play Icewind Dale. He set this up for me and I remember playing to the Vale of Shadows. I stopped about half way through. The most ignorant part about the games is the battles. As you go they get increasingly frequent. I hate haveing to fight a skeleton with 2 hp every other second. As for fighting, the game lacks as it is more of a point and click.I started playing again from the middle of the Vale, and finally got out of there. I then went to a temple which was alright. After that I realized that I was going to another dungeon type cave. This time, I read a strategy guide to find out that it was about 5 levels of fighting. That's not fun. That is not fun at all. I could respect a short game with few battles, but when I fight battles every other minute just to drag out something... It almost seems meaningless after a while.Anyways, I stopped playing there and decided to remake my party earlier today. I am enjoying it more, mostly because I know to make really powerful fighters and forget about druids. My druid last game killed about 15 units. My main character killed about 300. This can only tell you that my druid was bad. Fortunately I was able to change him later in the game. Although when I did, I got stuck with a level 1 character who was easily killed off. So yea, don't think because you can change your party means you will be changing later in the game. The feature is useless because by the time you discover just how bad your fighter is, the game will be too hard for you to change.The game does a great job in voice actors though. The fact that I create my entire party is fine. The graphics could use some work. I get tired and bored of the same old dark environments every other minute. Even the snow seems depressing. Other than that, the game offers repetitive battles and little more. Online play isn't fun at all considering on gamespy there are usually one or 2 games going. Once you do get in the game you will learn that everyone exported characters who fought enemies on easy and had the option &quot;max hp on level up&quot; set.Here's some advice, go play baldurs gate. My sis, sister is playing it again. She is enjoying it. This game is bland, depressing, and repetitive. Sorry but don't get it unless you wanna blow 5 bucks.
Looking at the box of this game i expected it to be really cool, and from reading all the reviews that say it was good, but when i bought it, it was a very large dissapointment.  After the first few missions the game becomes so frustrating, that you will want to break your computer.  The controls are very messed up, and the camera fews always get stuck on walls so you can not see anything.  This game is frustrating because 90% of the game is trial and error.  If you go the wrong way you become ..., because most of the missions are timed ... so you lose the mission.  I got to admit the visuals in this game are very eye pleasing, but it doesn't not make this game worth the ... that it is.  HC47 also had tons of glitches and bugs in its system which eventually ... the ... out of you.  Well my opinion is not to buy this game, but u can try it for yourself, and see what you think
Well I thought I was getting sooooooo much more after all the hype, but honestly this was just plain boring. Pretty to look at, but shoddy controls and not enough fun stuff to do. mostly running around talking to npcs[non player characters]and opening doors looking for npcs. YAWN!!!!!!!!Yes it looks pretty but unless you like long drawn out storys and watching a game more then playing skip it .....
This game is one of the most time-consuming and frivolous games out there for the Dreamcast.  The missions are dull with hardly any decent action.  The one quest that stands out in my mind the most is one where you have to find Mr. Yakamoto.  You are given no idea as to where he lives and go door to door trying to find him.  It always happens that his house is the last you look at.  Another problem is the fact that many of the quests are given to you at one time and you have to wait 24 hours before you can actually do them.  There is no way to make time go forward so about 35 of the 40 hours needed to complete this game will be on waiting around for the place you need to go to open.This game is very disappointing and if you are somewhat interested in it, borrow it from a friend.  If you don't have any friends, then only dish out the $6 to rent only if you think you might like it.
What a generic title. Given the game, that's par for the course. The Legend of Dragoon is certainly the most generic game I've played on the Playstation. It's sort of sad, in many ways, that it was released by SCEA only months before Chrono Cross and Final Fantasy IX, and over a year after Final Fantasy VIII.What's generic about it? Damn near everything. The main character is a spiky-haired blonde dude whose small village is destroyed by an evil empire, and who is designated the "chosen one" by a pendant, previously possessed by a mysterious stranger. Can you even name how many other games that borrows from? Do numbers go that high? And I forgot to mention, his representative color is red. Of course, the empire is still on the prowl, and Dart has to chase them with a diverse group of heroes.And that's not even touching the translation- The Legend of Dragoon boasts some truly embarrassing translation errors. Square learned this lesson after Final Fantasy VII, which took a lot of flack for its stereotypes and writing, but that game had an interesting setting and strong enough characters to make up for it. The Legend of Dragoon wasn't just several years behind, it was at least two games behind by PS1 jRPG standards.While the story is generic and perfunctory, it's not really the problem. Let's talk about the combat. The Legend of Dragoon's basis for combat is a series of timed button presses known as "additions." When one chooses the attack option, a reticle focuses in on the enemy, and a button must be pressed to time with the animation. While this basic idea has been done in other games, like Vagrant Story, Final Fantasy VIII, and the Mario and Luigi series, The Legend of Dragoon makes it the core of combat, and that's a fatal error. While timed button presses were integral to the games I mentioned, the important thing is that they didn't slow down the combat. The Legend of Dragoon's combat forces you to do this chain of animations every time you click attack, and when you miss, you get to see your character freeze in place as a number appears only once in front of the enemy. Random encounters, which are the majority of the game in RPGs, take forever and feel clunky. The Dragoon transformations- a flashy sequence comparable to Power Rangers- are also longer than necessary and the Dragoon attacks do little to change my complaints about the rest of the game.The look of the game is very generic as well. While the pre-rendered backgrounds of the game look fine, the character models outside of combat are simplistic and poorly animated. The in-combat look is marginally better, and while the Dragoon transformations look good, the default character models aren't very detailed, and neither are the enemies. The combat environments look especially poor- many of the floors and walls are a single polygon with a blocky texture applied to it.As far as I'm concerned, the great-looking cinematics don't count when we're talking about graphics, though it is worth noting that the ones in The Legend of Dragoon look great. But you might as well jump on youtube and watch all of them instead of playing the game, or rent Advent Children or The Spirits Within, or Shrek for that matter, if that's all you care about. The art design of the game doesn't lend itself to Playstation's technology.I hesitate to speculate on matters like this, but The Legend of Dragoon strikes me as an attempt by Sony to cash in after the success of Final Fantasy VII. The game looks an awful lot like that game, with a fantasy setting substituted for a steam/cyberpunk one. I wouldn't call that an improvement.
Legend of Dragoon is one of those games that you either love or despise, I of course belong to the later group.As one reviewer already mentioned, Legend of Dragoon was Sony's answer to rival Square-Enix's insanely popular Final Fantasy VII. I have to laugh when it took them three years to cook up this title that can't even dent the Final Fantasy fanchise.I don't think the Final Fantasy series is the greatest thing since sliced bread (I actually like the Wild Arms series the most), but the only thing Legend of Dragoon really had going for it was its graphics, which I will admit where pretty sweet at the time.Outside the graphical engine, Legend of Dragoon is second rate RPG in every category. Lame enemies, lackluster story, generic locations, and some of the worst music to ever accompany an PSX RPG ever (it's really that bad). Fights are also annoying due to the so-called "Additions" system which has you doing timed hits all day (yeah, that's what I call fun when I have to hit a button 8 times in a row at just the correct moment just to attack).Other problems also arise, such as the fact no one can use magic outside of their dragoon transformations, meaning their is really no way to heal your characters except for items (which you become way too dependent on in this game, and can only carry so many). Outside the dragoon tranformations the battle system is very weak.Play Legend of Dragoon only after you have destroyed every other PSX PRG. By that time you'll realize that this is not what any and all PSX RPG's should be compared against. Even if Final Fantasy is extremely overrated at times, even the worst FF is better than this. I don't think I'll play this one again.
I played this game for several days, because although I was having very little fun from the start, I couldn't identify the reason. Usually, when I dislike a game this much, I always have some overriding reason why, such as "the story is a bore," "the battles are tedious", or even "the graphics are so bad that I can't even see it". LOD had none of these problems, but I just couldn't get into it. I got all the way up to disc 2, and yet it still felt like pulling teeth just to turn on the PSone, so I put it away and bought .hack. I wound up having a lot more fun, even though that game's story didn't make any sense--go figure. By reading the reviews here, it seems that plenty of other people were disinterested too, so I'm not alone I guess :)
okay the graphics are stunning and about as good as the humble ps1 is going to get but I've got quite a few criticisms of this game so here goes:1) Its hard to know what you're supposed to be doing half of the time so a lot of the gameplay is spent running around doing nothing.2) The combat is ok, but it can be VERY annoying a lot of the time due to the 'affinities' of weapons and the 'risk' system.3) Weapons and affinities are a good idea, but the way they are implemented is dreadful. I found it infuriating.4) The weapon creation system is appaling and it is almost impossible to find a combination that does anything. And when it does there is no way of checking so it ends up just as a (bad) time wasting issue.5) The story is okay but its hard to get a feel for the characters and get involved with the story as in mgs and ff games.Overall, I wouldn't buy this game(...).
I never got to far playing this game. Up to the first save and after that I'm stuck and can't proceed in the game. So I really didn't like this game.
Although the PS2 was the leader of the last wave of consoles it was the least appealing in graphics and game play. I personally would suggest the Xbox if your into features like a internal hard drive with out memory cards, crisp graphics, custom sound tacks, online play out of the box, responsive analogs and controls, or the Nintendo game cube if controls, children's games, and even easier game play matter to you more. I would not recommend this to any one unless they have a soft spot for the controller which is comfortable but when it comes to game play it is the least responsive or if you really like kids RPG's or final fantasy games. The DVD player is an awesome feature but too beware of over heating on the smaller model but this is a very rare problem. Personally I think it has always been over priced. If you notice it is still the same price as the Xbox, which has greater features, or the game cube that has better graphics and better first party games. Now I did point out allot of negatives about the system but it really is the least impressive when it come to actual games. What is impressive is the amount of games in the library. I say age will play a factor. Online is available only on the larger version of the console.
Mega Man V is definitely the weakest of all 8 original Mega Man games.  It's so easy that you can beat it with the Mega Buster all the way through.  You don't need any of the weapons because each of the bosses dies very quickly as good ole blue Mega Man.  I beat the game within a couple of days [...].
Yes it's a diffrent game with Mario characters yes it's not the best Mario game. But this game is actually a decent game and it's actually a fun game in it's own way it's not a bad at all in fact the truth is why we got a Doki Doki Panic with Mario characters is cause SMB 2 (JAP)  is very hard I know I played it on the all stars collection. Nintendo just used this game to tide players over for SMB 3 Nintendo thinking of there bottom line released this instead becuse SMB 2 (JAP) would have killed Mario 3 cause they would have thought that SMB 3 was s**t. Not as good as the 1st the 3rd Super Mario World Mario 64 but still it's a decent Mario game it's fun too. Maybe underrated maybe.
Ok, the original version of SMB 2 was only released on the Famicon which really sucks. This version of the game was a remake of Doki Doki, that is why the story seems really strange for a Mario game.I will reccommend Mario All Stars, if you want to play the original version of this game. At all costs don't get this Doki Doki crap.
No energy tanks, fancy gadgets, spike invulnerability when hit, and two less robot masters than most games in the series make this debut the bad kind of hard. The stages and bosses are EXTREMELY hard without the right equipment. The next one, Mega Man 2, is where greatness would first be reached.
The game is good but apparently the seller I bought this from is not. It took 3 times for the game to even come up and it randomly crashes! The seller said it was in good condition and it was not. It was rattling, and the outside of it was a bit rough looking. Be careful who you buy this from!
Although the first in a popular series, this isn't the best and is incomparable to Super Metroid. Granted the game is big, which means there is lots of exploring, there is one set of closely related problems that make Metroid less than steller, all related to attacking: Samus curls (or does nothing if you don't have the ball) when you press down so she cannot duck and shoot, disabling her from attacking small anemies on the ground until she has the ball-bomb or wave beam much later in the game. Additionally, Samus cannot shoot diagnally in any direction and she cannot shoot downwards. In my review of Super Mario 64, I said that one shouldn't only complain about what a game does NOT have; however, these features would be practically essential to the game.Buy only if you are a hardcore Metroid fan or you really want to play the game that started it all. Otherwise, look somewhere else.
The first Mana game, Final Fantasy Adventure, was awesome. So was its remake called Sword of Mana. And Secret of Mana, for the SNES, was an amazing classic beloved by many after all these years. So what happened with Legend of Mana?First off, this game doesnt have the free flowing world and fighting of the previous games. There is no linking areas to travel between. Each area/dungeon has its own little space and must be found by doing quests. After you have obtained the new area you can place it anywhere on the world map, for reasons not wholly known or cared for. Its a very strange concept at best.And the battles. Oh, what a terrible system!When you enter a battle, all of which are preset and cannot be avoided, your character moves in stutter steps. He/she moves somewhat like a fencer, a pace at a time. This makes for awkward movement. And if you want to dodge enemies you have to move up and down. Want to attack? You can only attack the left and right. This two-way dodge/attack system was totally uneccessary compared to Sword and Secret of Manas free moving combat.And the difficulty of the game... or lack there of.In battle you can hide in a corner and slowly replenish life. Have a teamate? Stand close to them and you will regain life about 3x faster then normal. And sometimes defeated enemies drop candy which replenish all or most of your life. Oh, and after every battle you regain ALL of your life.There are more ways to heal your character in battle than to attack!All in all this game is a garbled mess. Its a failed attempt of Square to make a 'unique' Mana game which strays from the original formula. I cannot believe this game came from the same company as Secret of Mana, the Chrono games, and the Final Fantasy games. Avoid at all costs.
What a shock. That's all I can say. Secret of Mana (SoM) and it's ilk that used the same game engine (most notably Secret of Evermore) defined, in my  heart, what a live action RPG should be. There where several key things  that defined the SoM game.One was the co-op play with another player  (up to three players total). This allowed the game to be put into the  &quot;play at parties&quot; pile. Games are fun by yourself, even more fun  when two skilled players are in on it. Sadly this is poorly implemented in  Legend of Mana (LoM). It's bad enough when the other player has a hard time  interacting with the game world. Worse when you have to go to a  &quot;special&quot; place for that second person to join. Even lower still  when the NPC's are unstable. By that I mean in SoM the two NPC characters  only left the main character alone for any great amount of time once, after  joining the party. LoM NPC's don't stick around for very long. At least the  other player can &quot;import&quot; their characters.The other was  the incredible item wheel. This gaming innovation allowed the player to  quickly select any item or spell in the heat of battle. This wonderful  innovation in gaming is sadly missing and once again players are forced to  suffer through menus.And finally, the battles stink. SoM allowed  complete and total freedom when dealing with the baddies (Except for the  level bosses). You chose to stay and fight or you chose to run for cover.  LoM battles are loaded on an area by area basis and running is not an  option. This isn't a problem at first but your patience will wear out very  quickly after you fought the same dang monsters for the 26th time.I  own the Japanese sequel to SoM. Suffice to say it is not fair to make this  kind of punishing leap to the American market when the American market  expects a sequel to SoM and not Seiken Densetsu 3. ALL of the key elements  that made SoM a sleeper hit in the US is missing in this one. LoM is  nothing more than an empty collectors item. Although this game does have a  few redeeming qualities. I gave one star to the eye-popping eye-candy,  which make this a great game to watch. And the colorful world is a joy to  explore, but strip it all away and what do you have? An empty game that is  trying to cash in on the underground success of SoM.I give another  star to the insight of ingenious programmer who configured the controls for  one-handed use. You'll need it when your brain reduces it's operating level  to a minimum while playing.
...Being a fan of the legendary Chrono Trigger, I was enthralled by the coming of this game.  "Chrono Cross" is actually not a true sequel (as said by the creators), but originally a game called "Radical Dreamers."  Anywho, this game DID NOT live up to my expectations at all.  Read on to see why.THE GOODFirst of all, the graphics are actually quite colorful.  The backgrounds are well colored and animated.  The battle graphics also flow quite well.  Even if some of the characters are not all that great, they are nicely created.  However, these are the only good points I can say about the game.THE BADAbout the characters: there are about 40 characters jammed into this game and they virtually have no personality.  It's like the creators wanted to boast about the character quantity as opposed to MEMORABLE, AWESOME characters that we play the game for.  Who cares about 40 characters?!  The music: The remixes of Yasnuori Mitsuda's themes from CT are actually excellent, but the rest of the game's music is strictly mediocre.  Quite a shame, considering the same musical composers from CT are here.  The battle system many have boasted about is not that great at all; You virtually don't even level up.  It's pretty much a Final Fantasy Materia/Xenogears combination of a battle system, but it comes off very heavyhanded (not to mention the colors are annoying).THE UGLYThe critical point about this game is the fact that it doesn't really transcend well into CT.  The Glenn here is NOT Frog (as many have said), and is a very vindictive character that we quickly dismiss.  Schala was VERY MESSED UP at the end of the game, being blonde and in different physical shape.  Lavos was supposedly killed in CT and yet, he somehow survives... something which the game doesn't even explain it well at all.  Which leads to the worst part about the game: the storyline.  What could've been a unique storyline is muddled by inconsistencies and loopholes (examples: humans evolved after apes, BUT in CT, the people were human LONG BEFORE Lavos entered Earth; Lucca supposedly gave up her purpose in life, that is creating machines, to be the head of an orphanage, which goes against Lucca's character.  She also talks about regrets, which contrasts the more confident Lucca from CT; The game states that Guardia was destroyed and the Masamune was stolen, but why even bother when it doesn't even appear as ruins in the game??).AND THE ULTIMATE SIN...Robo appears in the game VERY BRIEFLY, and once you find him, he dies!  He was my favorite character in CT (in a close race with Frog) and killing him off like a worthless character was the ultimate sin.  Speaking of Frog, the game assumes that he died and the Masamune was stolen from him.OVERALLIf you take away the references to CT, it doesn't hurt nearly as much, but it's still a rather generic RPG.  RPG fanatics no doubt love this game (which is why this game is very overrated) and I would've given it three stars.  However, since it blatantly defies the CT legend with a muddled storyline, unappealing characters, merely average music, and just for being VASTLY OVERRATED... this game doesn't deserve anything above 2 stars.  You'll hate me for this, but I demand that an RPG has a decent storyline, a decent battle system, and appealing characters.  This game fails in all three departments.  ONLY GET THIS GAME IF YOU'RE AN RPG FANATIC.  Otherwise, pass it on, ESPECIALLY if you are a fan of the classic Chrono Trigger.On a closing note, don't get me wrong, people; The majority of Squaresoft's games are excellent.  The point I am trying to make (by the statement at the very beginning) is that there are TOO MANY fans out there that are blindly devoted to the company; they make hits and misses like everyone else.  Fortunately, this is one of their few misses.
I have played almost every rpg ever made for almost all systems, thats how long I've been a gamer and Chrono Trigger will always be in my top five, not for the story but just for sure fun-factor and inventiveness. In hindsight, I don't actually believe Chrono Trigger is nearly good as I once did when I was a kid, but it still blows this game out of the water.I didn't hate this game either, don't get me wrong, but its just not there. The graphics for the time were amazing I suppose and the battle system is different(often to the point of annoyance), but different isn't always good. They tried to create a plotline as lofty and intricate as something like Xenogears. You go to so many places and meet WAAAAAAY too many party members to the point where they all seem to lose their respective "face." You only really need the first two main party members and then pick one more from the other gazillion to form your party. Honestly, I thought the choice to add so many potential members was quite stupid. Also, I feel the storyline is too confusing. Havign beat this game a few years ago I remember almost nothing of what actually happened except for the fact I had already forgotten about most of it before I was even doen with the game, which usually doesn't mark a very enthralling affair in my eyes.Many people love this game, and I suppose if you try to play it as a game set apart from the Chrono "franchise," as it were, it is a fair stand-alone outing. The Chrono tag is merely a means to an end, however, it is there to sell the game. This game has nothing to do with the original except in name and the use of timetravel. I would not recommend this game as a good rpg to start off on if you've never played one before. If you want the best of the best rpg's then go pick up Persona 3, FF7/FFX/FFXII, Xenogears, Star Ocean, or Suikoden 2/3/5, to name a few. This one can easily be bypassed.
I give credit to the graphics but this game is no different then most Multiplayers...I played this at a computer/arcade place er what ever there called nd I didn't like the game that much...The gameplay is alright but Nothing special....BUT IT IS FUN WHEN YOU'RE PLAYING WITH FRIENDS I CAN TELLYOU THAT But over all it's very overrated...
I'll make this short and sweet for you.  I went to a cyber cafe so I can play this "gem" and see what all the fuss is about on this game.  OVERRATED.  I have no idea how people prais this as "THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD!!"...How silly, This game is just plain average..  If you wanna play a nice Game from Valve..I don't need to tell you but I'll give you a hint....H***f L*fe...This game is just pure garbage and the Online is boring...And I don't need your flaming or bashing just cause One mans opinion differs from yours..The goodVisuals are good I guessBadVery MediocerPlain boring combat...Nothing newOnline isn't that greatExtreamly Overrated...TRUST ME..Gets boring after awhileAnd yes I played this out for more then an 1hour...2 bucks I'll never get back2.1 out of 5 stars....  Extreamly Overrated, Not worth my 2 bucks, and that's all I got to say....Peace
This is just about opinions, and this is my opinion: this game was just not fun. Before you rate this review just read it because I got quite a few reasons while i don't like it. I really don't like the game because there is a certain amount of time you have to do for things, and I can never seem to find the person I need to find, and the game is just too hard to play. For the age I was at the time I got this ( 9 ) this game I found slow, and unfun. Then again, I don't really like too many adventure games. Here is my stack, I'm sure all of you guys will disagree, because as it seems, most people like this game.Graphics: 5/5. For an N64 game, these were very well done, I believe they needed the advanced graphics thing you had to put into the system.Sound: 5/5. The sound is great. The sounds in towns, the voices, the cutscenes, everything about the sound is great.Control: 4/5. There are some times when controls can get confused, and you can get a little angry at the game because you pressed the wrong button, but they are overall easy to get used to.Fun: 2/5. Even though I rated everything else high, I really dislike this game. It is just not my type of game, and like I said before, it's slow, boring, and too hard. ( It was when i was 9, at least. I haven't played it too recently. )Even though this game is rated E for everyone, be warned: this game is not very easy, OR fun. But I'm sure there are those people out there that enjoy these games. I would still reccomend the older Zelda games, the SNES ones.
Let me ask you a question.  When playing A Link to the Past and Ocarina of Time, do you think Kakariko Village is the most important part of the game?  Do you think meeting everyone in town, getting to know their personalities, and figuring out their dilemmas is the most exciting part of the quest?  Then Majora's Mask is for you.  Me?  I think meeting people in Zelda games should only be one of *several* fun things a player can do.  There's also exploring rich and colorful overworlds, fighting enemies and bosses with specific weapons and strategies, collecting exciting items that take advantage of the heroic Zelda theme, and exploring dangerous and challenging dungeons filled with traps and aggressive enemies around every corner.  When you add up all these crucial features that I've grown to associate with the Zelda series, it officially makes a Zelda adventure feel like a complete package.  So what happens when you take away most of these trademark features of Zelda?  You're left with an incomplete, unsatisfying boring game.  Proof that storytelling and character development can only provide entertainment for so long.  This is why Majora's Mask isn't very good.Majora's Mask does tell a remarkable story and has pretty decent characters.  There's no Ganon as the bad guy but I don't really mind.  He's been used too many times anyway.  Many of the characters from Ocarina of Time even return for another appearance, such as the music box guy, the horse owner and the Goron's.  Their specific theme songs from Ocarina of Time can be heard as well.  The story is that Link takes a walk into the woods after the events of Ocarina of Time, and a mischievous imp named Skull Kid supporting two naive fairies turns evil upon wearing a mask.  This imp is especially a big jerk- not only does he want Link to die, he wants him to suffer as well. Why?  Because he's wearing the Majora's Mask, a mask with mysterious powers.  This Skull Kid guy is now completely out of control and Link is apparently the only one who can stop him.  Sound appealing to you?  It is.  Too bad the gameplay is so one-dimensional with all the errand running concerning the townspeople.  Oh but there's another aspect to the story- the moon above is angry and if Link isn't able to finish the quest in under 72 hours and stop Skull Kid's madness, the moon will crash into the planet and everyone will die.  An enticing and noticeably darker theme for a Zelda game.  The moon totally reminds me of the angry sun from Super Mario Bros. 3.  Just *look* at his face, haha.Instead of Kakariko Village you have Clock Town.  No it's not a town dominated by clocks; it's a perfectly normal looking town with buildings and ordinary people running around, many of which aren't the least bit concerned that the world is coming to an end which is quite a peculiar reaction if I do say so.  Throughout this town you perform tedious tasks such as finding children in a hide and seek game, and a needlessly generic rupee collecting mission that involves floating around on pink Deku flowers and landing safely on generic platforms.  Clock Town itself is divided into four basic areas.  North, South, West and East.  You'll be *constantly* running back and forth between these four areas over and over again figuring out the mediocre tasks relating to the townspeople.  The theme song that you hear in Clock Town is cute enough to make you puke!  Reminds me of the Muppet Babies, seriously.Unfortunately the repulsive baby-like and overdone ocarina-playing segments are back one again where you have to play songs by way of pressing a sequence of buttons.  This is comparable to a 3-year old kid pressing buttons on a toy and believing he's making great music.  I HATE this aspect of the 3D Zelda series so much.  You'll be playing the Song of Time hundreds of times since the idea is that you have to go back to a previous time whenever the moon above gets a little too close for comfort and you're in danger of running out of time.  The good news is that going back to a previous time means you can re-collect rupees and other things (where you can repeatedly deposit rupees by way of a banker in West Clock Town, allowing you to run around collecting a bunch of rupees and simply return to this same spot over and over as a way to keep them stored).  The bad news?  Going back in time is often inconvenient since you JUST spent several minutes trying to advance the plot (and probably desperately hoping the game offers something more than going around talking to people) so this whole "going back in time" portion of the gameplay gets pretty annoying after a while.  A Link to the Past allows Link to transport to a dark "mirror" world and Ocarina of Time uses time travel- these concepts are both a lot better than repeatedly going over the same areas and rooms and opening the same chests that only serve as a pitiful attempt to drag out the length of Majora's Mask.Eventually you leave Clock Town (thank GOD) and venture out to a smaller, barren and plain-looking overworld with empty fields, scarce and badly animated enemies, and just a totally uninteresting and failed attempt at exploration.  The game has an enormous amount of heart container pieces.  WAY too many in fact.  You get to wear a variety of masks, some of them necessary to make progress, other masks for entertainment value.  Either way, putting on a variety of masks so you can complete tasks and errands hardly satisfies that urge to finish the game, and due to the plethora of problems I've already mentioned, this isn't enough to make me feel like I'm taking on a legitimate Zelda adventure.  I guess that's the point since technically Majora's Mask is a subplot anyway.Soon you arrive to a swamp where a dumb but admittedly funny story pertaining to a tied up monkey accused of kidnapping a princess takes place.  The story is the *only* good portion of this swamp/Deku Palace I'm afraid.  From here you have a boring stealth mission avoiding being caught, boring lily pad jumps, platform gliding by way of a Deku Flower item which is really childish, and overall tacky combat so the storyline can take center stage.  My God is it ever torturous killing enemies with bubbles (yes that's right, BUBBLES!) in this one underground portion.  You have to eliminate 30 enemies and collect the prize they leave behind- gold skulltula tokens for the Mask of Truth (or a Giant Wallet later on).Of course the second biggest problem with the game (besides focusing on story and characters and nothing else) is that the dungeons are limited to only four, and half of them aren't what I'd call particularly long or memorable either.  The Woodfall Temple is surprisingly short and uninspiring.  It's all about torch-lighting puzzles, collecting stray fairies which is a mandatory mini quest I guess you can say probably used as a means to make the dungeons feel longer then they really are, running across narrow wooden platforms, floating around on your pink Deku flower (and by the way, Link looks horrific wearing the Deku mask) and an uncreative sword-swinging boss fight at the end.  This place falls short of being interesting.  Snowhead Temple is one of the better dungeons.  You have to roll, punch or pound your way through the snow and ice wearing the Goron Mask which alters Link's moves completely.  You have to collect more stray fairies and shoot patches of ice with fire arrows.  The fast-paced boss fight is pretty fun at least, but the Wizzrobe mini battles are sort of annoying.  He teleports all over the room and you have, I'm afraid, *two* battles with him.Great Bay Temple focuses around lighting torches, pulling switches/platform jumps, swimming around (or having the current push Link) and figuring out which room you're supposed to go through all the while being underwater.  This is actually the best temple in the game.  It's challenging in a way that makes you think without being annoying which instantly makes it leagues better than Ocarina of Time's horrendous water dungeon which was nothing more than a snoozefest.  Graphically it looks really good too.  The mini boss is the same as the boss from the water dungeon in Link to the Past but in a 3D world of course.  The fish boss fight is pretty difficult but fast and fun too.  Excellent dungeon overall.  Now the Stone Tower Temple is a major disappointment in comparison.  It's all about statue and switch puzzles, walking statue enemies, underwater swimming with a commendable amount of enemies and threats (in the water at least, nowhere else) and having to reflect light to open doors.  The boss made of bats is original and awesome in appearance.  The main boss fight is the same exact thing as Lanmolas, the sand worms/snakes from the desert palace in Link to the Past.  This is pretty easy for a boss fight too.  Overall however, Stone Tower is incredibly bland and a chore to go through.The final showdown with the gigantic Majora's Mask is cool and ominous in appearance, but lousy in strategy and execution.  You basically spend your entire time dodging whips slapping around the room as well as fire attacks, and basically the object is to use arrows and swords to bring him down.  Whichever incarnation you're facing, a well-equipped Link assures this battle simply isn't challenging enough.  The ending is meaningless too.  I can't remember ever finishing a game and feeling like I just wasted my time.  The fairies are boring and don't really seem interested or grateful for anything you've done.  Neither does Skull Kid or anybody else.  This just goes to show how unmemorable Majora's Mask is overall. Interesting note- the Astral Observatory opens with a couple notes that totally sounds like the intro to Billy Joel's "Captain Jack" classic, a song some of you may know.  Some of the mini games are really fun I admit.  The target/bow and arrow games are fun, especially the one where you actually shoot enemies.  I really hate the fact Big Skulltula returns, perhaps the most overrated enemy in the entire Zelda series.I'm not sure if this should be named the worst Zelda game of all-time.  Zelda II: The Adventure of Link for the NES may in fact be worse due to an awkwardly implemented way of battling enemies in side-scroller fashion with bad play control and a REALLY bland overworld.  That game is probably worse than Majora's Mask but only by a tiny notch.  Other things that annoy me is the password-demanding kid in Clock Town, the lovey dovey man and woman in the mini game room, and *especially* the marching rooster collecting game that obviously seems designed for little babies as evident by the nursery rhyme music that plays while performing this horrendous game.  Watching Link march around to this music is just sad on so many levels.  The twin dancers in Clock Town perfecting their moves to Egyptian music resulting in Link performing some rather hilarious and bizarre moves of his own is a nice moment of comedy.  I'm not too crazy about the platform flowers that rise after you water them.  A nifty way to get around perhaps, but rather clumsy in design overall.  Pick up the other 3D Zelda's instead of Majora's Mask and you probably will be happy you did.
I would have to say that this game was really just thrown together, probably to get more funds for future projects. It is unlike any other game you have played, which is not always a good thing, because the unique part about this game is you have 72 hours! There is no catch, you have 72 hours, however you do have the song of time to take you back to the starting time. Then, if you do that, you must do everything all over again! It is a very tedious game! You must do the same tasks over and over again! Also, the game was so easy that I was able of beating it in two days upon first playing it! If you are looking for a long challenge, get the other Zelda! This game also requires the N64 Expansion pack, so make sure you have it!
When evaluating video games, I consider "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time" to be the greatest adventure game I have ever played.  As such, I was absolutely ecstatic when its sequel came out and I could once again resume Link's quest.  Unfortunately, that excitement lasted for roughly 10-15 minutes...or until the gameplay actually started.I realize that there is a large contingent of people who consider this game to be one of the best ever produced, but from the perspective of a casual gamer, it is largely a disappointment for the following reasons:-The time element.  One of the great things about "Ocarina" is that the gameplay was almost completely left up to the discretion of the player.  One could go from temple to temple in short order, or you could wander around exploring a little bit, trying out some mini-games with no fears of "falling behind".  With the time aspect of "Majora's Mask", however, you always feel pressured to complete certain tasks by a certain time.  That sprawling, epic feel of "Ocarina" is completely gone.-Saving.  As players of the old NES system learned decades ago, there is nothing more frustrating than not being able to accurately save your progress within the gaming experience.  Some of us are not hardcore gamers, and often life intercedes with an ability to find an owl statue or play an Ocarina song.  This is a MAJOR flaw in this game that renders it painfully frustrating at many occasions.  If a game is to appeal "to the masses", it must have a straightforward saving mechanism.-Too many sidequests.  While "Ocarina" struck the perfect balance between "major quests" and "side quests", "Majora" is positively riddled with mini-games, to the point of absolute overload.  Again, whereas "Ocarina" was straightforward with room for adventuring, in "Majora" there are so many things going on that it produces a sensation of fear and overwhelming.Overall, I feel as if "Majora's Mask" was made for the hardcore gamers instead of the casual fans of the series.  Whether that was a "good" or "bad" choice is up for debate, of course, but in my experience it completely turned me off from the whole experience.  I've tried to "get back into" this game on multiple occasions, but every time it just leaves me frustrated.
My problem with Conker doesn't have as much to do with the idea so much as it does the follow-through. In all honesty, I was thrilled to hear the company had recognized their own flaws and were attempting to reconcile for them by releasing a shockingly robust title that seemed to spit in the face of everything they'd done since the debates caused by the home release of the original Mortal Kombat. However, I left my initial playing with the sense that the while idea itself was exactly what the company needed, the execution was more than a tad lacking.The story plays out like a theatrical feature, which is appropriate considering the number of situations the game eventually borrows from popular films. Glass of milk (or is it a white russian?) in hand and a scowl plastered upon his face, Conker is immediately reminiscent of the kind of anti-hero popularized by Bruce Willis in Die Hard or Samuel L. Jackson in Pulp Fiction. Surrounded by his supposed friends and acquaintances, this introductory scene was a great way to set the tone of the story and introduce a hardened, slightly older version of the title's namesake. The moment the king's flashback begins is when the player begins to take control of the action.There's a lot of Hollywood inspiration in Conker's tale. From the little nuances and cliches such as the opening scene, to borrowed scenes or tips of the hat to films like the location of the King's throne at the end of the game, to straightforward rip-offs of memorable scenes or films like the unquestionably Matrix bank heist, this cartridge is chock full of film-lore. And, to its credit, the vast majority of the game's quirks, nods and thefts are handled very well, with just enough originality and additional humor thrown in to make it work within the broad confines of its storyline.For the most part, the story is successful. Its film parodies are spot on, while its original threads tend to lag behind a bit and force a joke just for the sake of it. It feels like the game was rushed, and rather than waiting for the inspiration to create something undeniably funny, the writers instead went with whatever they came up with the fastest. In addition, there's little if any direction as to what you should be doing at any point in the story. Bad Fur Day is a big fan of putting you in the middle of an immense area with no visual clues as to where you should go from there, then erecting giant invisible walls out of thin air and hoping that their placement will corral you into the exact area in which you should be. Successful or not, this method is employed over and over and over again, from the game's start until its finish.While the storyline is competent for the most part, the actual control and gameplay itself is nearly unforgivable. Physically controlling Conker is a complete nightmare. Even the use of the N64's well-designed analog joystick can't save this horribly imprecise setup, as the squirrel will occasionally veer left or right without explanation or mosey over the edge of a cliff moments after you've told him to stop moving entirely. Conker does have a sort of double-jump feature, in that through the use of his tail he can hover in the air for a couple additional seconds. He can also perform a high jump and a long jump, by crouching or running for a few second before leaping, accordingly. Unfortunately, these high jump and long jump options only seem to work when they feel like it. I've been running for upwards of a full minute, jumped, and watched Conker perform a weak little sissy jump and fall to his doom. This game really feels like something that wasn't fully tested before its release, the controls reek of incompletion.Add onto that one of the most horrific cameras in the history of 3-D rendering, and you've already got a pissed off gamer. Seriously, you're given supposed control of these angles through the use of the C buttons (similar to the way the camera is maneuvered in The Legend of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time), but as soon as you find a vantage point you're comfortable with and release the C button, it just goes off on its own and returns to a completely unhelpful, useless view. This camera cannot pass through walls, so if your back is against one and you're trying to prepare for a complicated, lengthy, precise leap, you've got to do it blind. Better still, once you've made up your mind and attempted said jump, the camera will awkwardly spin as soon as it's got room to get behind you, effectively reversing your controls in mid-air and introducing a loss of direction to your life.The audio is one of the few undeniable triumphs of this one. The voice acting is tremendous, Conker's voice suits him perfectly and the actors themselves seem to be having a lot of fun with the material. The music is the usual fare for Rare platformers, light and bouncy, and serves as a constant joke considering the circumstances surrounding it. Little tidbits like the main character mumbling to himself and retching when he's drunk, or fighting back bile while rolling an enormous ball of poo really make a difference in the experience, and are things I wish more games took the time to incorporate.When push comes to shove, there's really only one thing you can create with the ingredients provided by Conker's Bad Fur Day, and that's disappointment. There's no question in my mind this game needed another couple months of production before it was ready to ship, and looking back it should be regarded as the poster boy for the N64's lifespan. This game wasn't created to entertain and enamor so much as it was to annoy, frustrate and defeat.
Lacks the polish of its predecessors but a great game in its own right. I originally bought this because people told me it was the same as Super Mario RPG Legend of the Seven Stars for SNES. It is NOT ANYTHING like that, but it is another enjoyable series in which I look forward to the next incarnation.
when you start playing you start yawning.The problem with games with pre-rendered backgrounds is that it completely ruins the pacing of an action game. If you look at any action film these days the camera and the elements being filmed all move.This kind of cinematorgraphy goes back to the days of film before D. W. Griffith. Ie set the camera down and let the actor run around until he leaves the room. Then set the camera down in a new location and repeat.If you like games like Resident Evil or Fear Effect this game is for you. Also if you like solving awkward puzzles, this game is for you. Any time one has to put an awkward puzzle into a game to mix up the game play means that one is totally out of ideas for the game. Like still cameras, awkward puzzles break the pacing of the game.
This game has frustrating puzzles, and the gameplay is exactly like Devil May Cry, it's not funny. The story is so cliched, too. SAVE THE PRINCESS! Also, it's not realistic. The 1st boss is so stupid, a 3-year old could've made him. Only good thing is the graphics, but that's it.
I really hate to say that this game is thoroughly mediocre since it does have a few things going for it, such as the gorgeous graphics and somewhat interesting storyline.  However, I cannot recommend Mafia to anyone who has already played a truly great driving/gangster game such as Grand Theft Auto 3, or who doesn't like attempting a single mission 30+ times. Overall, the idea of letting you play a Mafia don in the 1930s is a good one; however, it's just poorly implemented in this game.Gameplay: Your character is a taxi driver who is forced into a career of crime.  By completing missions (driving, killings, vandalism, more driving, etc.), you rise in the ranks of the Salieri crime family.  Much of the gameplay, from the controls (mouse, keyboard, and optionally a gamepad) to mission design, is easy to pick up and much like GTA3.  Nonetheless, the big problem with Mafia is that the gameplay is tedious and at some points down right boring.  While the city you do your dirt in is very beautifully rendered, it's rather dead and does not have the bustle and liveliness of GTA3's Liberty City or Vice City.  There's no reason to ever get out of your car as you are driving between missions, since there are no ammo shops to visit, mini-missions to unlock, or other things to do. You can literally spend 20 minutes driving from Salieri's bar to the next mission site, and there is absolutely no feeling of accomplishment once you finally arrive.On the good side, the developers of the game have tried to make it realistic, which is both the strength but also many of the weaknesses of the game.  The cars look fantastic, though they handle poorly. Also, unlike GTA3, you can't commit outrageous traffic violations without drawing the police, and you can't just jump in and steal any parked car.  The animation of the character models look realistic and scenary feels authentic.  Also, though it has the automatic save system that GTA3 has, Mafia saves the game at more points, so that you don't have to do too much backtracking if (I mean when) you fail a mission.Now, for the bad side. The cars are just a chore to drive. Bad handling, low horsepower, slippery tires, you name it. And given that there is so much driving required by the game, the developers should have allowed you to skip some of the non-eventful driving scenes. To make matters worse, many of the missions are timed and the in-game map is useless.  You'll lose a number of missions just searching for the bridges that connect the city together (no roads or bridges appear on the in-game map). It is hard to imagine why the developers of this game thought that beginning and ending missions with such annoyingly long and tedious driving sequences would be fun to players.And now, for the ugly. Yes, the racing mission (#6) is as awful as many people have said. Even though I have the patched version of the game that includes a difficulty slider for the race, it was still too hard on the "very easy" setting. The race is way too long, the track has way too many sharp turns, the race car is way to prone to spin-outs and roll-overs, and the controls (gamepad or keyboard) just don't cut it for what is required.  I tried this mission over 30 times and never won the race and thus never finished the game (which is rare for me).  The race was the worst instance of the frustrations of gameplay, but there were plenty more.Graphics: The real shame is that Mafia, as tedious and poorly designed as it is, is a beautiful game. The cutscenes, though a bit too long sometimes, are well done and even the lip-syncing is better than most games I've played. The cars are shiny and sleek and show damage when they are abused. The city itself is well rendered and driving in the countryside is just heavenly.  It's just too bad that some of the energy that was expended on creating such realistic graphics was not used to make a truly exciting game.Sound: Everything is cool in this department.  The voice acting is well done; cars, weapons, and other things sound as they should; and the music is fine.Replay/value: Since I only paid $10 for this game, it's hard to feel cheated, even though I was able to complete only 5 of the 20 missions.  My disappointment is largely about what this game could have been with just a bit more effort and testing.  If you are a very patient player and don't mind long stretches of repetitive gameplay (such as all of the dull driving that you'll be doing) and can find a way to beat the racing mission, then this might be worth your while.  However, if you are expecting a game with a lot of exciting car action, very original missions, and anything approaching GTA3's funny, openended mayhem, definitely look elsewhere.
I enjoy animals, and this game makes great use of them.However, I have found this game to be a bit lacking in the entertainment department, and the creatures in the beginning are quite strange, to say the least (a cow...?).The controls are also very frustrating; I wish they were more like the Sims or Zoo Tycoon, which are similar (execution-wise) to this game.I want to like this, but I'm sorry EA Games, I just can't.
For adults, the James Perkins review of Black and White nails this game.  Read it, then skip purchasing this game.  I was very excited about getting it after reading/believing the hype.  The creature and its &quot;leashes&quot; drove me insane, and detracted from the small amount of entertainment I had begun having from solving the puzzles in the game.  Maneuvering is (IMHO) counter-intuitive, especially which way the POV revolves based on the sliding of the mouse.  And the forced tutorial is mind-numbing.  The only worse &quot;forced&quot; passage in a game is the part of NOLF where you have to ask the fat industrialist all of those inane questions.
If only Rare made this game, maybe it would of been better. I can't even compare this game to Goldeneye or Perfect Dark. Here are the reasons why I don't like this game:1. When you start a level, you have to wait  5-10 seconds for a level to load, which is really annoying.2. You have to use a controller pack, so without that, the game is worthless (I think EA really wants your money)3. The game doesn't even have half of the levels Goldeneye or PD has!4. You don't have ANY enegry and you get killed quick5. You can't blow up anything like you can in GoldeneyeSo compared to Goldeneye, Id skip this game.
Red Faction is a futuristic first person shooter set in mars. You play parker a miner in mars who fight against his employers. The game loads data and runs great, The graphics and sound are ok but the geo-mod technology is not as good as they said. The single player is very disappointing. It is a fairly long game but the gameplay is dull because of the poor level design, dumb ai and nothing new. It is not very hard but the designers don't know where the player would run out of ammo or health. Red Faction is very disappointing.
Although a decent FPS, it fails in comparison to the N64 titles that have dominated the console FPS market, Goldeneye and Perfect Dark.  Don't expect too much and you won't be too disappointed.
The control of this game is awful. Graphics are average, sound below average and did i mention the horrible contols? Pass on this one and find a better FPS there are several out there.
Maybe it is just me, but I feel that WWF No Mercy is the one that most appeals to a limited crowd. From what I see, it's either you enjoy wrestling and love this game, or you hate/couldn't care less about wrestling and you don't. I happen to be in the latter category, and so I feel that there is nothing about this game that I really enjoy. I really don't think there are anything in this game that would appeal to other non-wrestling-fans except for the fact that it is easy to pick up and play. Being a non-wrestling fan, I don't really understand what exactly the crowd meter thingy is for. You could be beating the life out of the opposing wrestler, yet your relation with the crowd is relatively low. I highly doubt that any other non-wrestling-fans would know what it is either.That is not to say that there is nothing fun about this game. As I said, the game is very easy to pick up and play. After a few rounds of button mashing, you would be able to figure out that A is to grapple and do whatever other attacks you have, and B is to just beat the living crud out of each and every one of your opponents. Yet if you are not familiar with how to end a match, then you'll likely just attack for a while until your opponent gets seriously bloody. Constantly pressing B just to turn your opponent into a bloody mess gets old if you keep on doing it for several minutes. And controlling characters on a semi-3D environment just does not feel natural. Sure, I don't mind the fact that the game keeps you locked onto an opponent at all times, but it is moving around that gets tedious.WWF No Mercy was probably the most realistic wrestling game back in 2000. There are authentic entrances with authentic entrance music as well as authentic game modes. Yet to be completely honest, I don't really care. The graphics are more gritty and realistic than Asmik Ace and Aki's previous two wrestling games (1998's WCW/nWo Revenge and 1999's WWF Wrestlemania 2000), and the characters models don't look like faces painted on blobs like earler wrestling games. In other words, they actually look like people this time around. However, they still don't look very good. Stephanie McMahon looks like a zombie, or somebody really ugly wearing a lot of makeup. Crowds are no better than previous Asmik Ace/AKI wrestling games. They don't look like cardboard anymore, but they are just really ugly, really pixelated sprites instead. Sound effects are a bit laughable. It's just "BOOM! KAPAM KAPOW!" Yeah. It's not that I have anything against this game, but I just don't find it that good. It still is the best of the Asmik Ace/Aki wrestling games. Maybe I would appreciate it more if I actually watch wrestling. Hey, at least from the critical success, it establishes the Nintendo 64 as the premiere system for wrestling. That is something to be proud of.
Let me begin this review by telling you that if you are going to start this game, prepare yourself to finish it. Put on some nachos or grab a large drink because there are no save points. The game follows the classic RE storyline, but adds a twist. This is a nice game to obtain if you are not digging the new plot-deviation of RE4, 5, and 6. Also good to complete your collection in the same vein as Umbrella Conspiracies. So, on to the game itself...The game will take you anywhere between 1 and 3 hours to complete. Any longer and you should be checking your pulse. I was getting tired of not being able to save, mainly out of boredom, but I toughed it out anyways. My first time through I played lazily and ended up with a B ranking and 2:32 something. I have no intentions of improving on my rank, as the only interesting part is starting the game over with all the weapons you acquired in the previous run-through. A quick read through (or follow-along) with this guide : [...]  will help you get through the game very fast. It's so short that you can print it on one page.________________________________My pros :* First-person shooter perspective adds a whole new element to the series, and actually is very scary. I yipped more than once when the dogs jumped up at me or the hunters were lunging at my face.* The game follows classic RE style but with a twist in the story line that somehow still folds together.My cons :* Voice acting is BAD. I mean original RE bad. Maybe even worse. It's just gross!* Graphics are a suckfest. Blocky, ugly, sketchy...REDC, RE2, and RE3 all look better on my TV.* ZERO replay value. Like renting a movie you only watch once.  I heard there was a rocket launcher to obtain but that's too easy. Give me an alternate character or alternate story line instead!* Disgusting side story. Why the developers thought they needed to concoct a story that involves abducting pre-teen children and cutting open their skulls for extraction of pituitary brain matter for Tyrant growth is beyond my comprehension. Disturbing at best, distasteful at worst.________________________________Get this game if you are really a die-hard. Otherwise you'll be better of skipping this one - and believe me, you won't miss much!
Let me start off by stating that I got this game with the strategy guide, and I have yet to see what any of the pages look like.  This game is painfully easy and un-advanced.In Japan, the gamers were able to play this much more like &quot;House of the Dead&quot; games, rather than in the US where it seems that Capcom wants to cash in on the American lust for first-person shooters.  The light gun is just something you CAN get for the PSX, but it isn't what you might call &quot;Standard Issue&quot; for the conventional hard-core gamer.  A light gun additive being required or at least allowed (I'm not sure if it is, a gun costs sometimes ..., and I have a few freinds who had problems playing this with it) would have made this SO MUCH BETTER!  Also, give us rapid fire for the guns!Also, while I have seen much worse, the graphics can use a serious polishing.  Also, the animation is distorted by the fully 3-D world, and the first person view destroys all fear techniques used so well before.The sound is terrible.  To start off, there is really no decent music like in RE's 2&amp;3, the music in here is really both bland and pathetic.  Also, the voice acting is pretty bad, but I'm sure that it would sound a whole lot better if it didn't sound like you were listening to them underwater. However, while the sound it awful, it's nowhere near as completely worthless as much as the sound in the first RE title(mainly the beyond dismal music and voice acting).Now, the story, well, actually, it's not so bad.  It does have a really good setup and a few good plot twists, and also the main character was told to investigate by his freind Leon S Kennedy (the hero of RE2 who could with one finger kick Chris Redfeild's ...!)!  Also, the area's that are only accessible through replay have some excellent files that rival the best of RE's 2&amp;3.  However, the decent (although terribly short) storyline is destroyed by all lack of realism in the gameplay.  I mean face it; you fight a Tyrant only 20 minutes into the game, the puzzles solve themselves, enemies can't hit you when they are directly behind you, and even if they could, you have SO MUCH health, and you generally start off in the same basic location when you start with your next &quot;life&quot;.All in all, this game is far from worthless, but even further from being able to hold onto the &quot;Resident Evil&quot; title it holds.  I liked the first one, I was blown away by the second, the third one rocked my world, and now...this.  I'm now just waiting for Code Veronica for the PS2, while playing something else.
In Resident Evil: Survivor, you play an amnesia stricken man wandering around a zombie infested town looking for clues to his past.  The first thing you'll notice about the game is it's first person perspective and that the game was clearly meant to use a light gun prepheral but does not (yet it's Japanese counterpart does).  That major drawback, combined with the choppy animation, muddy sound, poor controls, and near none replayability, make Resident Evil: Survivor one big disappointment of a game.  It's worth playing if your a longtime fan of the Resident Evil series, but don't expect much out of it other than an intriguing side story to the saga.  Capcom has once again made another first person light gun aimed Resident Evil game called Resident Evil: Dead Aim for the PS2, and that game is quite an improvement over this piece of crud.
This machine is no match for the new consoles.  So say bye-bye to it.
Hell you need it to play games and that is the only reason you need one of these, third party controllers are better and not as flimsy but most won't work with your ps2 so your stuck with the duel shock 2. My main problems with this thing is how breakable it you can't squeeze it to hard accidently drop it because it will break it has bappened to me many times, you must be really careful with it or you will be stuck payin the outrageous price twenty bucks which is too much for how breakable it is. Other than it works.
The Playstation controller is nice. However the Nintendo 64 user would remember that the N64 controller was just a snazzy, maybe even more so. The XBOX controller is like a brick when compared to both. The PS2 delivered on a vibrating Dual Shock controller as standard with the unit. This controller feels great with the thumb pads / thumb sticks allowing for all sorts of movement. Suddenly in 2005, four years after the PS2 was released, games like Metal Gear Solid III: Snake Eater and God of War improve on this thumb pad function with the new mini-games feature. The controller has been given new life because of this.The big negative is the problem that Sony PS2 controllers are extremely poor quality. This controller, for all its design, will give you a dual shock. First of all you will be shocked at how suddenly they break. Drop it on the floor and you will easily damage the L1, L2 or R1, R2 wing buttons. Even if you don't drop it the wing buttons will usually break in less than a year if you enjoy gaming. The next shock is going through so many of these controllers because of this design flaw. Adding up the cost of each controller I could easily have bought myself another PS2 and then some more. The cord also has an uncanny ability to just wrap around itself and kink. I have never seen one that managed to remain straight. Also when a button breaks it tends to release little pieces into the controller so even if you don't need that button for the game the controller feels like it has sand rolling around inside of it.For all its handheld conditioning the controller is far from robust. I have used a very similar Logitech Cordless Rumblepad 2 for the PC that is the same design as the PS2 controller and that is a proper robust model. Just comparing the two side by side makes the PS2 controller look like it was developed in the USSR in the early 80s or something. The fact that Sony have done absolutely nothing to improve on the quality of their own generic PS2 controller is probably the reason why they have made so much money out of the PS2 unit. It is a way too expensive even if the controller was more robust. I hope Sony get it right with the PS3 next time. Make these controllers more robust please. The PS2 controller was always far from a quality device since its inception and is the only item that let the PS2 down badly.
To all that purchase pre-owned products. Please make sure you know the item works, so you do not have to return it. This memory card that I just bought does not even work. I just had to go buy another one that actually does. I would advise that you purchase through a Amazon fulfilled vendor and not anyone else. My kid was so upset at the fact that this item didnt work.
Little phrases describe this game better than &quot;waste of time&quot;. Once players get past the needlessly lengthy (and unskippable) 2 minutes of opening cinematics, they're 'treated' to some of the worst gameplay, realism and overall fun on the otherwise fantastic Playstation console. Each level is filled with unnecessarily difficult quirks, ranging from invincible opponents to hidden obstacles. A picket fence now has to power to halt a speeding automobile dead in its tracks, as does a small dumpster. One level asks you to 'highjack a truck', getting to mention that this 12 ton hauler can out-accellerate and handle your 2-ton sports car. Adding to the &quot;fun factor&quot; is the unwavering, needlessly impervious opponent that starts directly behind you, pushing you out of control almost instantly. As a sort of cherry on top, you're given a time limit. What fun. I enjoyed the original Driver, and found myself hoping for something similar here. Alas; no such luck. Don't make the same mistake I did... you'd be better off spending your money elsewhere.
Driver 1 is one of my all time favorite games so of course I went out and bought Driver 2 as soon as it came out. When I played it I couldn't believe that this was made by the same company that made the first outstanding game. The graphics are hardly impressive, the control is loose, the speed is sluggish and it's just not a user friendly game. At some points you end up hating the game because you have to restart so much each time you fail a mission. They made this game extremely hard. My friend is a gaming fanatic. He plays games all day everyday. He's an expert at them. But even he couldn't get past the first disc of this game. We've both given up. Now, if I'm going to play Driver 2 it's just for the free drives around the cities. I'm looking forward to a Driver 3 on Playstation 2 but I hope Infogrames will fix all the problems this sequel had.
Driver 2 was a good game when it came out.  However, now that Playstation 2 and Grand Theft Auto 3 have been released, there is literally no reason to bother with this game.  The graphics look bad, even for PS1.  The frame rate is choppy, and the missions are so ridiculous that you will find yourself doing them over and over again.  There are many annoying glitches as well, like falling through the street for no reason (game over), and cops that smash your car over or through walls and buildings, trapping your vehicle in them.  Also, the vehicles seem to drive VERY SLOWLY on the streets.  pedestrians run from your car to avoid being hit, and if your car does hit them, they pass through the vehicle as if through thin air.I will give some credit to this game-- the &quot;take a ride&quot; feature allows you to drive freely through very realistic renderings of Chicago, Havana, Las Vegas and Rio.  The cops, however, will chase you for no reason and smash your car until it is destroyed-- that is unless you can outrun them.
Before the game was released, everytime the name &quot;Dark Cloud&quot; was mentioned, you're bound to see the name &quot;Zelda Killer&quot; in there too.  Well, I'm sorry, but it's not.  Zelda, has a better story and better gameplay.  Ture, the &quot;georama&quot;  feature is cool, you get to build your own towns and place anything whereever you want but it's just not enough.  Most of the game, you're going through dungines, looking for the pieces to build the towns.  This could have been tolerable it the dungines had different looking rooms. They don't. They graphics aren't what you would call a second generation.  They would have been more impresive if this game came out when the PS2 first came out.  Zelda is so much better because Zelda had so much more to do than just dungine crawling. It had a bunch of secret things and mini games, and it had a big world for you to explore. Dark Cloud has none of that.  There isn't even an overworld or whatever you call it.  You just go straight to the towns.  And in each town, you have to find the stupid pieces and rebuild the towns, then repeat the process.  Now, for the combat.  It's totally like Zelda, except you constantly have to go and buy repair powder because guess what, your weapons have a ceratain amount of hits before the break and disappear.  Also, you constantly have to go and drink water because you get thristy.  Sure, it's realistc, but we get games to escape to a fantasy, to do things we can't do, and to have fun.  You want thrist?  Go run 20 miles non-stop.  The characters don't look unique at all.  The main character looks like Link except for the hat.  And the flying god looks like the flying dog from the Neverending Story, if you've ever seen that movie.  This game was interesting for the first 30 minutes, but when I saw what you basically have to do for the rest of the game, it got old pretty quickly.  I suggest you rent the game before you see if you can look past all these cons.
I've played dozens of games in the this genre, and while this might have been great in its day, every mechanic in Dark Cloud is done better by another title I've enjoyed more.  Compared against other mystery dungeon runners on PS2, The Nightmare of Druaga is much better, and Baroque just blows this game out of the water on style points. If you are an adult gamer who likes sci-fi, and wants a unique mystery dungeon experience, buy Baroque PS2 instead."Repetitive" is the game's theme. Graphics aren't varied -- only tunnels and the same rooms, with no secret tunnels/areas that make the genre surprising and enjoyable.  (Azure Dreams on ps1 does this so much better...)  The "lock on" makes the camera go crazy, and crazy cameras give me a headache. So because this function was useless, I was forced into clumsily seeking after enemies, who often got easy hits on me, and that experience quickly bored and annoyed me because I fighting the controls, not the monsters. I only played for a few hours before I decided there were randomized mystery dungeon games I enjoy more with similar themes. (This is no Zelda... heck, it's not even as fun as Dark Legion: Vampire Apocalypse or Chocobo's Dungeon.)Don't buy this one.
Well Level 5 had to start somewhere. So they gave us this... a blend of a roguelike dungeon crawler and Soul Blazer town rejuvenating. This game has its charms, and in the beginning is actually kind of fun. Crafting your own weapons and designing the town layouts are the strongest highlights. However, about midway through the charm wears off, and the formula becomes all too tedious. Basically Level 5 took what should be a 12 hour game and used time wasting methods to stretch that out to 30 hours. To see things through to the end, you'll need a mountain of patience and a bit of a masochistic streak (especially for the last boss). Supposedly Dark Cloud 2 (AKA Dark Chronicle) fixes all the problems this game has. So I would suggest skipping this one and going straight to its sequel instead.
I give the graphics a good grade. The story an F. This game needed more dialog. I did like how it was a lot like soulblazer or actraiser, building the city. the music gets repetitive. I dont really understand why this game got good reviews. Its mediocre at best....
The most important question concerning this product is, does it work?  The answer is yes and no.When I first got it and connected it to my cable modem, the setup disk work perfectly and I was on in minutes.  Sweet!Then I tried to set it with my router.  I used the Linksys BEFSR41 router, probably the most ubiquitous router in the home market.  Due to it's monopoly, I was also using the largest broadband provider - Comcast (Oh I how I hate them).  So, in terms of home networking, it's the most standard setup around.  Anyway, I setup the router to work, and tested it with my Windows 98 machine.  That's right, the router and cable modem worked with 6 year old technology.  Yet the setup disk for this brand new network adapter did not recognize the connection.  It's a simple DHCP connection that really should not pose any problems, but it does.I searched the web for a little while, but I could not find the right settings.  The Sony website is absolutely useless.  To get my PS2 online, I'm now forced to move my cable modem to my living room, and I cannot have my computer and PS2 connected at the same time.  Sony should have tested it better.
I got this for my collection of NES & SNES games, but this is awful! The graphics are terrible (yes, I know this is 1980 NES game), Simon has no face. The first few stages were fun, until I got to the first boss: An ugly bat who was impossible to attack with your whip. After a week of practice, I defeated it and moved on to part #2. This is where the bad controls start to ruin it. Every time an enemy hit me, Simon would bounce backwards to his doom. I gave up after that.
The first arcade version of Crazy Taxi, with its instantly recognizable music and appearance, was an amazingly popular game.  Its concept was simple yet irresistible -- to create a driving game where you don't have to worry about crashes, and where your goal shifts all the time so that it's the equivalent of 30, 40 racing courses.  I was a devotee of this game and had spent hours on it.This PlayStation 2 version lost most of the magic in the translation.  For one thing, inevitably, the controls are just not the same without the steering wheel, pedals, and the all-important gear shift, without which (and without knowing the &quot;boost&quot; move) you could never hope to pick up more than five, six passengers before your time runs out.  The PS2 version, grievously, sped up the game clock so much that the game just blitzes by.  It took me a long time to figure out how fast you have to execute the boost to make it work, and even then, finesse of control flew right out the window.  So the game became what it always threatened to become, a frantic, overly speedy experience fit to give you a heart attack, so fast that there's very little fun factor, just rushing to meet all the times without getting to enjoy anything.So many games these days are about &quot;beating the clock&quot;, probably reflective of our ADD-infested culture.  Street Fighter became another flashy, graphics-ridden button masher; Syphon Filter now forces you to run through levels ignoring enemies just to meet their insane &quot;par times&quot;, and Crazy Taxi requires the reflexes of a cockroach.  Maybe I'm from an older game culture where you don't have to be on speed to compete.  At any rate, this game was a sore disappointment.  But I know I'll jump onto the next classic Crazy Taxi on my next trip to the arcades and hope it's still there.
Again, another failed attempt at a racing game. Crazy Taxi gets boring really quickly and then you really have no where else to go and you end up bringing this one to your local Funcoland or Game Stop and trade it in for something else.The graphics are excellent and for the 5 minutes that it lasts, the game is fun but as soon as that 5 minutes is up, I wouldn't count on anything else to expect in this game.When will they come out with a racing game similar to Road Rash? Atleast in Road Rash, there's a lot more competition and you actually have to deal with the elements and environment around you. I can recall several times where I just drove across a park to get where I needed to go. Again, not very fun and an unfortunate thumbs down.
Mario is known all over the world by his famous super jump which smashes enemies into the ground. Unfortunelty, this game has no super jumps. You have to throw vegetables to kill your enemies. This is the worst idea for a Mario game. The good thing is that you get to choose from four diffrent characters, Mario, Luigi, Peach, and Toad, and it includes the amazing Link It Up, which allows four players to play from the same gamepack (Note: you will need the link cable).I just don't like it because they killed the Mario classics. Buy it if you enjoy wasting your money! (in other words, don't buy it)
This is almost a perfect port of the SNES version of this game that surfaced in the late 80's as a launch title for the SNES/Super Famicom.It gets old quick and tracks all begin to look the same. The ability to do 2-player link off a single cart is the best feature this offers.Mario Kart Advance (also a SNES title) represents a 3rd generation SNES title and was more advanced than FZero in it's day, as a result it's port for the GBA (also a perfect port) is  much better than FZero, so if you want a game like this, I would recommend Mario Kart Advance.
This game is almost exactly like the original half life, but ten hours shorter.  The game starts out in a tram(sound familiar) and then all hell breaks loose down at black mesa for an unkown cause.  Im sorry, but I do not think that the original half life is even that good, so when this expansion pack came out i was not that excited for it.  Though I wasn't that enthusiastic I picked it up, and once i started playing I officially lost my taste for all half life games.  Even a novice gamer could finish this game in a matter of 4-6 hours of casual playing.  No complex puzzles, terrible sound, terrible graphics even with the new high definition pack, and way to much of the slide effect when walking.  Overall this game is short and leaves gamers unfulfilled, though it does contain opposing force, i still feel the 30 dollar price tag is way to much for a game with uncountable faults.
This review is for Half-Life: Blue Shift (H-L:BS) and the High Definition pack (HD), If you want information about H-L:2 or Half-Life Opposing Force, you'll need to go elsewhere.To wit, this game caught me by surprise. One week, my usual foolish salesperson was ranting and raving about the soon to be released H-L:BS and next week, I see it in stores. I admit that I bought every single Half-Life (H-L) I could get my hands on from the original H-L and the Promo CD that came with ATI Rage cards, to the poorly done Gunman Chronicles (GC). I've downloaded and installed nearly every &quot;hot&quot; MOD that was flung out onto the web. So naturally, I snatched this up when I saw it in the stores.The HD pack offers very little other than enhanced characters and weapons. What I mean by enhanced is that the weapons are supposed to look more realistic, that is all! The levels look exactly the same. The A.I. did not improve any. It's really not worth the extra stress that the graphics would place on the hardware. Let's face it, the HD pack is not worth the price that any one wants for it. It should have been available for free much like the Team Fortress Classic. (I suppose it may be, I haven't checked to tell the truth.)So how is the game? Some of the most disappointing work I've seen. True, the level of detail and the devious level design are truly ingenious. I spent as much as thirty minutes on some levels trying to find my way about only to be thwarted by a well hidden tunnel or a well placed jumping pad. But despite the great levels, there aren't enough of them! The game is so short that I would have been better off playing GC which, up till now, was the shortest H-L based game. The game ends so abruptly that it's like a car hitting a brick wall. I sincerely thought that I was going to see some awesome programming prowess with a car I could actually drive! When it ends, it's , BAM! Just like that. I mean, where were all the extra stuff that I saw when I was riding the train? Oh . . . I walked right by it, I suppose. Where's the &quot;old&quot; Black Mesa base? Oh, wait. I'm walking around it now. That's a train yard? I'm not a train buff, but those train cars are impossible (Look at where the doors are placed on the cars). Aren't I supposed to be in the same base as Gordon Freeman? Oh wait, I guess I am. Oh well.&quot;OK,&quot; I thought, &quot;the game's over, I'll try it online.&quot; Guess what? There isn't any online gaming via H-L:BS. I checked with my original version of H-L. There is no online gaming if you just install H-L:BS. I'm guessing that the player can play online if they install H-L:O4 but that's just junk. The box clearly states that there is Multi-Player and it implies it in two different sections. One part for H-L:O4 and another for H-L:BS. What's the deal? So I read the manual, the box says it has Multi-Player support, the manual clearly states that there is a third pack in &quot;game&quot; called OpFor: On Line. What? It also clearly states that Multi-Player is only available in H-L:O4 (Page 8). What a joke. More hard drive space gobbled up unnecessarily.If you like H-L and you don't have the O4 pack then by all means buy this game. Otherwise, avoid it until you see it in the bargain bin. None of the &quot;extras&quot; are worth the incredibly short game and they really add nothing new by way of &quot;new&quot;. I had to give it two stars since I gave GC three and I consider this game a step down from GC. Sorry folks, it's just not worth it unless I see it in the bargain bin.
that was my expression as I beat teh game...no end boss, no new weapons, this game just doesn't feel like opposing force or teh original half life, at 10 bucks I'd suggest buying it if only for the high res pack and a quick run through the levels, but the game itself isn't that good, its not much combat mostly puzzles until the last 2 levels.My advice stands as: Buy it if only for the high res pack packaged in but dont expect much from teh game.
This was a shock to me.  For one thing, this game was raved all across the internet.  For another thing, I'm familiar with the series (as far back as the first three NES games, to the SNES one, and Symphony of the Night), so I thought this would like those.  Well... the gameplay mechanics are here, it seems, but everything else...Lets figure this out piece by piece.  First, the graphics were okay.  Even though they're dark, and even though they're a bit lacking in animation (only THREE frame to show the main character running??!), the style was okay, and it added to the environments.The sound was nice, and the music was great, but everything here just seemed like it could be done much better (the music sounds a bit MIDI-ish, but the melodies are good).The controls... here's where everything really goes down hill.  I'm no stranger to the Castlevania control scheme, having playing the first four games.  However, for reasons I cannot fathom, this game has by far the worst control setup of all of them (which says alot, because I've replayed the first three games recently, and they haven't aged that well).  First, controling your character is much like controling a big wooden stick.  While the same could be said for the first four games in the series, this game takes it to far worse extremes, especially when considering the enemies move so much better (in other words, they're attacks seem more suited to a game that has you moving your character as franticly as a Mega Man X or Mega Man Zero game).  Also, the option to have the whip spin by itself became rather annoying.  Unlike Castlevania 4, which allowed you to move the whip around by holding the attack button down, this one only makes it spin on it's own, which is somehow amazingly counter-productive.  Some of the abilities are nice (high jump, wall jump, etc...), but they don't alieviate this problem much, and actually require over-utilization in some areas (trust me, you would never survive the final battle without high jump).Now the gameplay.  I've played other games that used the "Metroid-vania" style (free exploration, found in Symphony of the Night and Aria of Sorrow, as far as the ones I've played).  Somehow, this one takes that system and just makes you lost.  Seriously, this castle was not as fun to explore as all of the others.  The boss battles (mostly refering to the last 4) were super cheap, requiring me to over-use the DSS system to the most extreme, which was a far cry from the more "down to earth" battles from Castlevania 4 and Aria of Sorrow.  Much as I enjoy difficulty, I can't stand not being able to have a clear shot at a target with my whip due to the enemy being over-sized or too quick to dodge.This is by far one of my most hated Castlevania games.  If you even think about buying this game (since a lot of other people liked it), I recommend you find a way to rent it first.  Otherwise, you may get yourself into a snag like I did.  Lucky for me, this was only $15 at K-Mart, which is about as low as GBA games get.
This game is just weak, no strong quality that u would hope forpros:1 lots of dbz caracters2 fun for few secscons:1 waste of money2 it needs a adventure mode3  you will get tierd of it
I have played Xenogears for exactly 2 hours and 30 minutes now, and I have fought a wopping 5 random battles that arent worth my time and have had about 10 minutes actually playing the game.  The other 2 hours and some odd minutes are freaking cut scenes that arent even good enough to get my attention.  The game is not bad though, but DEFINITELY NOT A FINAL FANTASTY OR HIGH LEVEL RPG.  Its just a plain run of the mill rpg, so dont expect anything.
Xenosaga is not a true RPG, nor is pretty much any console game out there. Saga to me, however, doesn't really even qualify as a game, considering you do roughly half as much watching as you do playing, which is extrememly ridiculous. Believe me, I have patience, but when it comes to watching dozens of 30-45 minute cutscenes, you can count me out.If Xenosaga is to get credit, it is for it's plotline. While it is interesting and thought provoking, it also doesn't bother to explain ANYTHING. Yes, this is Episode 1 of a 6 part series, but who cares; this is a game, it has a 50 dollar price tag, and I damn sure don't want to pay that much for a game that pretty much rips you off.On one hand, the cutscenes are well made, almost on the lines of MGS2. On the other hand, the first half of the game features mostly extrememly tedious and boring cutscenes. It is only in the next half of the game where things get interesting, but a lot of people will stop forcing themselves to play by then. Yes I said 'forcing', because the gameplay is utterly BORINGG.If theres one word that I would use to describe Saga's gameplay, its LINEARITY. Stick with me here: you watch a 45 minute cutscene, you run down a hall, take a few turns, fight some random battles, watch another cutscene, run down a hall, fight some battles, watch another cutscene, play through a long, tedious dungeon, watch another cutscene. You get the picture now? You see, the problem here is, the gameplay and story feel completely seperate. Its almost as if your watching an anime movie, except there are a few playable parts. The big problem is that the few playable parts are extrememly boring. Sure, the battle system isn't that bad by any means, but by the 20th battle, you'll be wondering why the hell your even playing.And that's what I asked myself while playing the game: why the hell am I forcing myself to go on? Just so I can watch another 45 minute cutscene? From what I remember, games are suppost to be 'played', and are suppost to be 'fun'. Xenosaga is not an RPG. You want a 'real' rpg? Play Morrowind or Neverwinter Nights on multiplayer. Don't get me wrong here, Saga isn't a failure, it's just that the gameplay feels like a poor excuse to keep watching more cut scenes. I sure as hell am never going to play this game again. I am a huge Xenogears fanatic, and I really hope that Episode 2 doesn't turn out like this one. Xenosaga Ep1 is easily the biggest dissapointment for me in a long, long time, considering I have waited for this game for years. Thumbs down.
I just started playing this game, so I can't write a great review on it.  What I can tell you is that there is a good reason why just starting might end up being the only thing I do in this game.First off the game has some faults to begin with, the graphics are a bit dull if you ask me.  The characters are kind of on the blockish side, they walk around as if they have spoons up their behinds.  This might pass on the PSX but it's not acceptable on a console like the PS2.  The characters and visuals seem pretty stale when compared to the sheer romantic artistry and beauty that goes beyond explanation of Final Fantasy X, but of course what doesn't.  That's why Final Fantasy is Final Fantasy and Xenosaga is... well Xenosaga.The Xenosaga plot seems pretty interesting so far, but again this is an RPG and interesting might not be enough.  When I first started Final Fantasy X, I will admit I wasn't too trilled but then something happened.  I can't pin point the exact moment but it was pretty early in the game when it just grabbed me and never let go. Can't say the same for FFX-2 however.  Moving on, I have a feeling Xenosaga has a super great plot, but unfortunately I may not get to experience it because the gameplay has one huge flaw that I don't think I can handle.I was interested in Xenosage because it was supposed to be an epic RPG.  I play RPG's for the involvement in an epic storyline, I don't play RPG's for gameplay.  I feel sorry for anyone who plays RPG's for the menu selections, if you want gameplay there are better genres out there.  I always scratch my head when people complain about too many cutscenes in an RPG or that the game doesn't have enough exploration.  If you want gameplay and exploration go play something else.  That's the problem with Xenosaga, it's not just an RPG it's also an adventure platformer and not a very good one at that.  The platformer part of Xenosaga is suppose to be the second hand focus of the game and the quality of it shows that, but there seems to be too much of it.  There are too many enemies to be avoided by actually using your skill with the controller.  There are too many keys to find, too many doors to unlock, and all sorts of rooms that will get you lost.  It's not like it's there just incase you want to look around.  Nope, you find out you need to go somewhere but the map doesn't show you where, you have to search for it yourself.  This is just not what I look for in an RPG.  If this doesn't change in Xenosaga soon, I'm afraid I'll have to can it.
My husband said he thought I would love this since I absolutely love Final Fantasy games. I didn't care for this game and turned around and sold it within a week of purchasing it.
They say if it ain't broke, then don't fix it. I loved the first Spider-Man game. The graphics were crisp and detailed, the story was deep and involving, and the controls were precise and tight. Then Grand Theft Auto: Vice City came out, which completely re-wrote the video game genre. Games like True Crime and The Getaway were released that practically copied the GTA formula: Free roaming cities, mini-missions, mayhem and violence, etc. Add Spider-Man 2 to the list with mediocre results.I admit that I was initially excited when I heard that Spider-Man could now swing freely through the city and bust bad guys on the streets below. Though the former is exhilirating and excellently implemented, the latter is dull and repititious. Like GTA, there is a mini-map of the city in the upper right hand corner of the screen. Whenever there is trouble, a green icon will appear in the location where a crime is taking place. Unfortunately, there is a lack of variety in these missions. You will either have to prevent a robber from getting away, take an injured civilian to the hospital, catch a civilian from falling to his or her death, or save people from a sinking boat. After a few of these, you'll begin wishing that the game would just get on with the story. Solving these missions contribute to your "Hero Points" which allow you to purchase moves and combos from a Spidey Store. Since when did Spidey have to buy his own moves and combos? Strange...Unfortunately, due to the heavy reliance on memory and processing power to produce the massive scope of the game, the graphics are the first to suffer. In most instances, the game resembled a Playstation 1 game. Spidey generally looks good, but the other characters in the game look like spray-painted cardboard boxes. I would have preferred a much scaled-down city in order to boost the quality of the graphics because quite frankly, Spider-Man 2 is an ugly game.Fans of the first game will most likely be disappointed with the sequel. Though the ability to explore the city by swinging from building to building is a treat, the gameplay and graphics truly suffer. This one is definately a rental.
I'm going to forego my usual in-depth reviews for this game. We all know what Twisted Metal is and this is nothing more than a rehash of those same games. Here's why:Pros:Excellent GraphicsCool Mini-moviesEndurance & Challenge levels are interestingGood to pass time withCons:Short game with small levelsRepetitious gameplayBoring endings to each characterSame old rehash of earlier TM gamesNot enough "total-destruction" of buildings and such for this type of game.If you want to be "burned-out" by a game, I recommend "Burnout, Test Drive, and Twisted Metal: Black." Not worth the money. A renatal at best.
I bought this thinking I'd find a new game, with new units, with some interesting changes from the previous two versions.Instead, I got Civilization that was released in the early 90s with new graphics.There is nothing new that I would justify this being called a sequal.  This is simply a re-make of a great game.  It's not worth the investment in the high price they are asking for this item.
Mario Kart Super Circuit for Game Boy Advance is best compared to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) counterpart.  If you began liking Mario Kart with the Nintendo 64 version, then the GBA version will not live up to your expectations.  However, I have friends who prefer the SNES version; so if you are one of those, consider the GBA version an upgrade from the SNES version.In the GBA version, the graphics are rather decent as compared to the SNES version.  The GBA system is 32-bit; and compared to the SNES (16-bit), there are more capabilities.Your perspective is behind the racer, and the graphics flow smoothly all around your driver with a great 3D-like perspective.  The levels are quite nice, and the drivers and graphics are well-detailed.The gameplay is a lot like the SNES version where hopping doesn't help you very much (it helps a LOT in MK64!), but it surely upgrades the item usage.  That is, you can line your shells up much better, and negotiating turns is much easier.The action involved in the game is complimented with the Gran Prix mode where you can win tournaments.  Linking up with others, in my opinion, is the best feature of the game, hands down.So if you like portability and you appreciate the SNES version of Mario Kart, this game will suit you nicely.  Also, if you like to play Mario Kart by yourself, this game can burn some time for you.  But if you started your Mario Kart career off with the N64 version like I did, then you will be slightly disappointed with some of the general gameplay capabilities.  (The GBA game plays nothing like the 64 version.)
Code Veronica is hands down the most frustrating, pain-in-the-butt Resident Evil game in the entire series.  The formula is the same, but the game is horribly imbalanced.  If you don't play through it in a very specific way, it is possible to reach a point where it literally becomes unplayable because you will run out of ammo.  That alone is bad enough, but there are other elements in the gameplay design that were simply not well thought-out, and cause the player a supreme amount of frustration.  For example, bats that will not leave you alone unless you have the lighter.  If you make a certain decision at a certain point in the game, Claire gives up the lighter, leaving you with no defense against the bats.  Then throw in the Bandersnatches, who have a completely unavoidable long range attack.  You end up standing there, trying to fire your weapon as they pound on you.  You're simply trading blows with them, and that's not good gameplay design.  The puzzles too are more convoluted than in previous games, so you often end up wasting precious resources like ammo and herbs as you run from area to area trying to figure out what to do next.  In Code Veronica, zombies regenerate after you've left an area, something which didn't happen in previous RE games.  So the more you run around, the more ammo you're wasting, and the more your chances of being able to continue in the game dwindle.  I've enjoyed all of the Resident Evil games except this one.  It's the stinker of the bunch.  Buyers beware!
This review may go against the grain and many readers will hate me, but here goes....I REALLY wanted to love Silent Hill 2, as I thought the first game was fantastic, but when I got it and started playing it, it soon struck me that what I had was a high-res, polished-up retread of the first game, only less frightening. The game does indeed look gorgeous, and the characters and locations are superbly rendered, but it just isn't different enough. Instead of the spooky school, amusement park, motel and hospital, this time you get an apartment block, prison, hotel and, err, hospital...What again? Yes, blood stained beds, grimy basements, zombie nurses, its all a repeat of the first version, which seriously disappointed me. Whats more, the monsters are all real pushovers, and can easily be avoided, theres no threat like the leaping dogs or flying creatures from before. And the bosses may look the business, but they too are disappointingly easy, even the final one.Bottom line is, all the scary innovations from SH1 are merely repeated here, to less effect. The game is short and uninvolving, you can run around for hours without getting a scratch on you, as theres far too much ammo and health to pick up ( and I played on the normal setting), so you'll never feel in any danger. Another thing is that the heightened sense of realism means that some of the restrictions put upon what you can do are nonsensical. If James comes to street that is blocked off by just a lousy piece of police tape, he is unable to pass through!! Search a room in the hotel, but access to certain areas is denied because of strategically placed pieces of furniture, like a small chair that could be kicked aside by a child... What a shame that the series could not go any further than this, for although it will impress newcomers to the genre, it is nowhere near as impressive as the first game was when it hit the shelves those few years ago.
-Chad Steingraber--Paradigm/Infogrames--Level Designer/Game Designer/3D Artist on The Terminator: Dawn of Fate-Sorry, but this game was not any fun at all.  I bought this game because of the previews and all the hype, thinking it was going to be incredible.  I played it once for about 30 minutes, was so completely bored out of my mind, I shut it off.  About two weeks later, I played it again...hoping that my last try was just because I wasn't in the mood for it.  This time I played again for about an hour.....  I traded it in for Jax and Daxter the next day.....at least I learned a good lesson from it -- don't buy it, unless I know I like it --What a waste, the only reason it's getting 2 stars instead of 1 from me, is because of the graphics.  It looks awesome, it just plays like crap.  Apologies to the die-hard gamers out there, I just couldn't stand it.
Blah! I know I'll end up with a 0/955 helpful ranking, but I just have to comment. I'm sorry, but I don't understand why this game was/is such a hit. Sure, it has great graphics and music (which is why it gets the extra star), but other than that...The storyline is very complex. Apparently you have to get some metal gear pictures before the russians come or something. These cutscenes, as stated in previous reviews, take FOREVER. Half the time you don't even know what they're talking about, and you don't want to skip over it for fear you might miss something important. Then when it's finally time to actually PLAY the game, BAM! Horrid camera angle. Oh, and believe me, you don't get too far before you end up with another cutscene. And so goes the game.I'm sorry, I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't get into it. If I wanted a spy movie, I would've rented one. If you want REAL action, stick with Vice City.
Metal Gear Solid appeared on the PlayStation back in 1998. Next-gen gameplay, a deep storyline and top-notch visuals and sound made it a breakthrough for the industry. Not only was it a revolutionary title for its time that pushed the console to its limits, but it was supposedly a good sign of things to come. That outcome would ultimately be its sequel, Sons of Liberty, one of the most anticipated of all games. The return of hero Solid Snake gave gamers another chance to experience espionage action once again, but given its reputation for its movie qualities over gameplay, when does a game stop being a game? Sons of Liberty answers this and much more.Everyone was relieved to know Solid Snake made a comeback. With his newly formed team with Otacon, their mission objective was to discover the circumstances surrounding the new Metal Gear and make it known to the public. It started out great, drawing you in with the plot slowly unfolding and the continuation of Snake's story. Suddenly as a unexpected shock to everyone, gamers are soon placed in the perspective of a new character, Jack, a.k.a. Raiden. We are now playing as a whiny, snobbish and clueless rookie who gets in annoying conversations with his girlfriend, Rose. Why the developers chose to use the names 'Jack' and 'Rose' from the movie Titanic is beyond anyone's comprehension. Also, with film music composer Harry Gregson-Williams handling composition duties, it hints that Konami was more intent on creating a movie than making a game.Raiden is without a doubt the star here yet Kojima did an excellent job of hiding it, not to mention tricking and deceiving the whole world into thinking Snake was the only playable character. Nowhere in the previews or even on the packaging was Raiden spoken of. The game has also somewhat lost the gritty military nature of its predecessors, becoming more of a sci-fi fantasy drama. The convoluted storyline that no one wants to figure out and the uninteresting cast of characters (which includes a bisexual vampire and a roller-blading fat guy) don't do the gameplay much justice, which has you mostly defusing explosives as well as babysitting little sisters in between boss battles. Since the entire incident was a Shadow Moses simulation, a majority of the gameplay structure and plot elements are simple rehashes from the first Metal Gear Solid.The cutscenes and dialogue, which were more tolerable in the first MGS, are lengthy and often downright unbearable.  Many games, such as Nintendo's Ocarina of Time and Squaresoft's Vagrant Story, do a great job of balancing gameplay and cinemas. Sons of Liberty, however, does not seem to understand the difference between the two. The movies can be skipped over with ease, but doing so means missing out on vital information on the plot. If gamers want to know more of the story, they will have to sit through the movies, amounting to overly long periods of time. Watching the cinemas will make the game long and boring, while skipping them will make the game incredibly short. It's unrewarding either way you go.Visually, Sons of Liberty is one of the better-looking PS2 titles, even today. The in-game and demo music, sound effects and voice-acting will be some of the best you will ever hear in a console game. The inclusion of the first-person viewpoint is also a welcome addition to the franchise. The story is definitely difficult to fully comprehend, but most players will give up trying to even care anyway. These stand-out aspects still cannot save Sons of Liberty from falling into the category of games that emphasize cinematics over gaming substance. The game tries hard to give its life message, in which we are treated to a well-deserved ending. But what someone has to endure to see that ending is just not worth it. Not even Solid Snake's Tanker Chapter helps heighten the replay value and fun factor. For those who do value gameplay as the dominant characteristic of games, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty will simply pass as a title that is disappointing. With The Twin Snakes and Snake Eater joining the series, Sons of Liberty should be easily forgotten (or at least remembered for its unforgiving experience).
If you are like others, then when you are getting a video game, you actually want to play it, not watch it. So that's why this &quot;video game&quot; cannot be classified as one. You are going to be watching the cutscenes for the most part in Metal Gear Solid 2, so don't expect to experience any intensity or adrenaline while you &quot;play&quot; this game. The gameplay itself isn't that great to hide that flaw. While the graphics are very good(I have seen a lot better visuals in other action games), it is not a lot of fun to watch a movie made with an in-game engine, where the developers include a gimmick that allows you to rotate the camera and zoom in while you watch.Overall, MGS2 is a lack-of-gameplay kind of game. Sure, the graphics are nice when you have those tight little rooms to play in, that is why Konami could raise the bar in the graphics, because there are no wide-open spaces that could limit the quality of the graphics. Places where the game is set have a very &quot;locked&quot; feel to them, with small rooms, tight corridors, and very limited outdoor environments. There is a lot of detail though: high quality weather effects, nice facial expressions, rain bouncing off the barrel of your firearm, fluid and smooth animation, real-looking smoke, fire,....nothing that you would not find in other games of 2001, there is nothing special in MGS2. The audio on the other hand is pretty much like the first Metal Gear - the audio is great, the voice acting is superb, and the sound is very well done, unlike in other games that have good graphics but lack good sound (it is very common these days), Metal Gear Solid 2 is an exception, with outstanding sound, voice-acting, and soundtrack.The actual gameplay is based on stealth. The AI in the game is smart and the enemies will not shoot you as soon as they see you, unlike in other games they will try to avoid shooting you upon the encounter unless they really need to, it is the same thing the cops would do to the bad guy if there is no threat of them being killed. They will try to disarm you and knock you out, and that kind of stuff - all of it is pretty cool. The interaction between Snake and the NPCs (non-player characters) is astounding. Snake can sneeze all of a sudden and give himself up or if he is careless, guards can locate him by following his footprints. He also can distract guards in all kinds of ways, for example, he can drop something on the floor when nobody is watching, wait for a guard to come by, this item will draw the guard's attention and eventually will lead him to either being killed or incapacitated. Snake can also hide the bodies of the fallen enemies from other guards so they will not become alert. This is what you will see in Hitman.In Conclusion, MGS2 is not for a hardcore gamer. The part where you play the game is short, the story is easy to get lost in, and guards will come back to life - very annoying, and the fact that the best cover is a cardboard box is pathetic. The main weakness (to most people, but some think it is a strong point) is that a big portion of the game is cutscenes and an overwhelming and extremely complex story. On the plus side you have those &quot;brilliant&quot;,&quot;gorgeous&quot;,&quot;breathtaking&quot;, or whatever-you-call-it graphics, which are no big deal to me. What also is great? - gotta be the sound. What I would say? - if you like stealth so much, get this game, if you are a big fan of Solid Snake/Metal Gear, you probably already have it, some of you are disappointed, some of you are glad the way this game was done, but for me, a true video game enthusiast, this game is no biggie, could have been a whole lot better if it was more like the first one.
I just didn't enjoy the game.  I prefer games with more interactive gameplay than cinematics.  It seems like MGS is heavy on story time.
I know someone is going to try and bite me for saying this, seeing as how every person I've ever talked to that has played the Metal Gear Solid games absolutely loved them, but I didn't.I've got the demo for MGS2, and played the first game, and if you are one of those rare people who didn't like the first game, this one is more of the same, sure the graphics are tremendously better, but the gameplay is no different.
ok, i don't think i'm an "action junkie."  i like the sims 2, i don't play halo 2.  but this game is sloooooooooooow.  after a few minutes, i was sick of it.  also, no real tutorial to tell you what to do.  you just wake up in a room, with a cow milker in your inventory.  oh yay, i can go milk a cow!!! that right there is the pinnacle of gaming entertainment, my friends (sarcasm).  i liked the old sega genesis harvest moon better, where you have a nice full screen, no annoying 3d cameras.  you know you can water, harvest your crops, deal with your cows, go into town, etc.  simpler, faster, and more fun.  also this game has japanese-type graphics (i'm sorry, but there are a million anime titles out there, did they have to turn harvest moon into one??) and annoying townspeople that i hate.  i wish i had bought harvest moon: back to nature for PS back in the day.  now it costs $40 online, but it looks like it has that sega genesis harvest moon style that i like.  definitely skip this one!!!
This game has a great concept, lots of things to do, and a cute look. Why the low score? Well, the in-game time system is, in a word, wack. I would barely get outside and get my bearings, and it would be mid-afternoon already! Then, one time, I got lost trying to find a path in the "morning", and by the time I found it (a few real-world minutes later), it was "night"!! How am I ever supposed to build a farm and save the homeland if all the stores are closed by the time I get to them!? This game could have been Animal-Crossing caliber, but instead it's just confusing and weird. Too bad. I was really looking forward to it.
If you want to get an HM game, get Back to Nature or A Wonderful Life. This has best or second best graphics, but not much else. The girls are pretty interesting, but you can't marry or date them. It doesn't have holidays, it only has 4 crops, few animals, and it's just not nearly as good as any of the other games. Rent it if you feel you must try it.
If you have played with the previous Harvest Moon games, you can expect a similar experience in this version.The storyline is very simple: You have to save the town (farm) from being turned into a theme park.This game has not one...not two...not even three...but 9 ENDINGS, Each one being different. Why so many, you may be asking? I have no clue. The problem is that if you don't use a stradegy guide and/or an Action Replay/Gameshark, it is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to unlock all 9 endings because you have to do specific things (ie 1st, give a tomato to ???, then go see the Harvest goddess, etc.)Like I said before, If you have played with the previous Harvest Moon games, you can expect a similar experience in this version. You get to raise cows, chicken, horses, dog, etc. You can even upgrade your house. There are lots of shops in the game (maybe too many) and lots of people to talk to.It takes FOREVER to save up money in this game. The day you get 1 Million (whatever currency the game uses), pigs can most probably fly.Unfortunately, YOU CANNOT GET MARRIED! In every other Harvest Moon game, you can get married, even in the Super Nintendo version. This is a big disappointment.The graphics are cell-shaded. This game  would have looked great in regular 3-D. Why couldn't they make this game regular 3-D? Once again, I have no clue.Also, when it is nighttime in the game, it is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to see.Overall: This game is only for hardcore Harvest Moon gamers and PS2 game collectors (this game can be hard to find). Even if you like Harvest Moon but are not a hardcore Harvest Moon gamer, don't even rent this game. I like Harvest Moon, but this is a huge disappointment. Unfortunately, this is the only Harvest Moon game available for PS2. I give this game a 2 out of 5.Second Opinion: 3/5 stars: This game is a disappointment to the Harvest Moon series, however nonetheless it is a lot of fun.
This Game was terrible. The only new thing about this game was that Coco was fully playable but you don't get to play as her very often anyway.Here's an overall view of the game:The Positives:-Good Graphics-Good Bosses-New VehiclesThe Negatives:-Sucky Levels!-Sucky Music-It takes about a hour to load-The Game is extremly hardI heard there is a new Crash coming out later this year. All I can say is that I hope it will be good.
I am sorry, but!!! i have to say what everybody is saying this darn game is just bout loading, the game play is not so bad but i really prefer not watch a bandicoot falling for at lease 2 minutes before i can start to do anything, this game got to me by the third level i am so happy i did not buy this crap well maybe it's good game but!!!!! i had not the time to find out the loading is major set apart from other flaws and i really thought that this version would have been more interactive well,this game is a set back for a PS2 game oh please!!!!!!! what with the 2D anyhow i won't buy this, so if you try this then take whatever  load of ???? you get laters folks/ gamers.
I've always enjoyed Capcom's method of making difficult games. If you die in a Capcom game, it's generally not the fault of the game, but the fault of the gamer. Their games, such as Onimusha and Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts, require you to get improve your skills in order to succeed. Unfortunately, that's not the case in Devil May Cry. A majority of the time, the game is at fault for your death. Poor camera angles are at fault most of the time. You'll find yourself fighting a lot of enemies who are not onscreen, and many times they get a free hit or two on you because you don't see them coming. Yes, enemies do make a noise to signal an attack, but that's hardly helpful when you're concentrating on those enemies that you can see. This is worse when fighting some of the bosses, such as Griffon and Nightmare. There will be times when you are blasting away at them while they are off screen. Shooting at the edges of the screen is not as fun as shooting actual enemies that you can see.There is a point of frustration in which a game can get away with, but once in a while a game will break that barrier. The point of video games is to have fun, not to stress you out. Devil May Cry is more stressful than it is fun. Though most levels are only ten minutes long, you will die so often they take much longer than that to complete. And along with poor camera angles, another reason you will likely die so often is the speed the game plays at. Things happen so quickly in Dante's world that it would seem Capcom made this game for people with short attention spans. To focus on one enemy for more than a second means you will likely lose your health to another attacker, but to take your eye off the one enemy means you might miss a surprise dodge and attack. I wish Capcom at least allowed blocking, as it would be far more convenient than trying to jump every enemy attack. However, that would slow the game down. This is a pure action game. Strategy is not required, or welcome. This is a game meant for somebody young, with quick reflexes, and an attention span trained on Saturday morning action cartoons. If you do not have those qualities, I would not recommend this game.Not everything is bad in Devil May Cry. For one, the graphics are very nice. The character animation is so brilliant, I was almost convinced that I was fighting real demons. It's a game that screenshots do not justify. You have to see it in motion to realize just how good it looks. Also, the controls are very well done. Capcom expertly creates a control layout that allows you to fluidly shift from firing a stream of bullets to leaping in the air and slashing an enemy with a sword. I just wish the game was more fun and less frustrating because it has so many excellent ideas. I am willing to admit that the game probably just wasn't made for me. I'm more casual gamer than hardcore, and this is the type of game hardcore gamers relish. It provides a very difficult challenge and requires lots of time and practice be put into it. As a gamer who finds that age has slowly taken a hit on his response times, I find it difficult to recommend the game to people who aren't highly skilled in gaming, or whose skills have dulled. If you want to enjoy a game, there are plenty better games to choose from.
I do not understand all the praise for this game. Not only is their little to no plot (except for the one they throw in at the end to give you some kind of closure), but this so-called action packed action thriller slows down the action with these missions that have you scratching your head."Why do I need this orb?""How come I have to open this stupid door?""Why the heck am I doing any of this at all?"I asked myself constantly why each mission was so important when the game was giving me absolutely no reason for any of it. I tried to enjoy the action but was caught up looking for items or trying to open doors to reach the next level. Some missions are so short, literally all you might do is run and open a door and a mission is over. The action would feel more intense if you were forced into most of your fights but if you wished you could simply run away from at least half the battles. The bosses were pretty cool but the motivation really wasn't  there.Who were these people to you?Why do they want you to die?If they wish to make this a real action game, forget the 'resident evil' style puzzles and just do a 'final fight' type style where you just have to  fight your way to the end of a level.I just really wasn't all that impressed. It was really short and since their was no plot I felt nothing for the main character or the villian for that matter. It was over before it began.It was like a summer blockbuster movie, with no plot, not as much action as promised, and too  many special effects. A very underwhelming experience of a game. I'm glad it was cheap.
This game is pretty boring. It's just like Crazy Taxi, just with the Simpsons as the cast. The game is just the same thing over and over again, you pick up passengers and drop them of at the designated area in the time limit you are given, so the game is to repeticious. I rarely play it anymore. The only thing I really liked were some of the silly things that the characters said, other than that, there's no reason to get this game.
Normally, I'm a big fan of the Simpsons but this game really did no justice to the name. Aside from the snide remarks that the Simpsons crew throws out constantly (which in my opinion is the only entertaining bit to this game), the game is very repetitive and boring. The graphics were very choppy and sloppy. It was like time turned back, it was 1983 and I was playing Pac-Man on my Atari.It plays like Crazy Taxi, which too, was also a bad driving game. This is really not a game for the older gamers but kids will enjoy this very much because of it's simplicity. I hated it but maybe you'll like it. Have fun and Happy gaming!
THis game had so much potential, but the designers just didn't put any thought into it. For example, in the special tasks games, why not have a level where otto has to pick up kids at bus stops? instead, mindless crashing into barrels and picking up characters over and over and over again with nothing to keep you interested. it's barely worth a rental. I love the show but the game just doesn't do anything for me.
The novelty of this game wears off very quickly. At first it was fun to play as several of the Simpsons characters but when they started repeating their dialogue for the 50th time it became mighty tedious and tiresome.The gameplay is very simple. If GTA: Vice City is the Lego Technic of road rage games then Simpsons: Road Rage is, without a doubt the Lego Duplo. It is SOOO aimed at kids. No one over the age of 13 will be particularly impressed with this. It's just far to `safe'. The Simpsons TV show is full of satirical humor and intelligence but this game is just a cheap spin-off aimed at a much younger audience.
Anyone from Minneapolis or Montreal is likely to play this game and think it's a simulation of driving in either of those cities with the added attraction of extreme property damage. I had debated buying this game for many months and while I am a huge Simpsons fan, many of the PS2 games I have played have been really awful. In fact, from where I stand, about one game in ten is worth playing, much less actually own it. I also usually try to never pay full price of a PS2 game if I can and if that means waiting for it to be reduced in price or made a `Greatest Hits' title, then so be it.`The Simpsons: Road Rage' is one of those games. I can't imagine anyone paying full price for this game, playing it and think it was a good bargain. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad game on the same level that `Time Splitters' was a bad game, rather there just isn't enough to do but pick people up and drop them off somewhere else as quickly as possible or running things down in the so-called `Mission Mode'. Destroying stuff would be at least be visually pleasing if when you crashed into something, instead of the polygon model breaking apart, it exploded like most things in the Simpsons (rabbits, Chief Wiggum in a garbage can), I mean, how many times has a car crashed in the Simpsons and NOT exploded? Right, about 4 times.What's worse is it isn't even that funny. The dialog never seems strained, the actors do their part wonderfully, rather what they say isn't going to win any Emmies. My question here is, in 14 seasons of the Simpsons there have been about 10,000 really funny lines and even if only 5% pertained to cars and driving, they could have just sampled them and stuck them into the game. But no, we get lines like "Everyone's a psycho but me." from Lisa or "You'd make me the happiest Christian in the world if you could take me to the church!" from Flanders. Would have been so hard to go to Gracie Films and borrow some of their writers for this game in order to get some GOOD lines? Funny video games are possible, anyone remember `Sam and Max Hit the Road'?Also, the game presents some funny glitches, like two Apu's standing on opposite sides of the street waiting to be picked up. Or the time when driving as Bart I dropped Marge off at the `She She Lounge'. I found Marge waiting to be picked up in the middle of Lake Springfield standing on an island. Later, I found Krusty waiting there as well. Graphics are so-so. A mixed bag of great character models and detailed locations seen in the show, but almost everything else is pretty low-rez and over anti-aliased. Some buildings don't even have textures on all sides. The physics model actually isn't that bad and I wish cars in Gran Tourismo handled as well as the ones in the game do. In that vein, all cars drive and handle the same- whether it's Bart's soap box racer or Marge's Canyonaro.As a Simpsons fan I can barely justify the twenty clams I laid out for this game. It will actually be worth it when it gets to half that.
Once sentence captures it all - "Pretty lame - Millhouse".  (For those who are Simpson illiterates, that's Mrs. Krabapple describing Millhouse's science fair project.  Millhouse bellows "Behold the power of gravity!", and then lets a slinky step once down a ramp.)There are so many great games that I wish they would copy and insert Simpsons characters in.  The only time I ever played Doom on the PC was when someone installed the Simpson?s wad.  To be Homer Simpson and to fight giant Flanders throwing Bibles at you me was great fun.  Of course, when they blatantly copied a game, they had to blatantly copy one of the worst games out there - Crazy Taxi.  Why couldn't they copy something good, like Grand Theft Auto 3.  They could have had a hit with Grand Theft Donut.The fact it's the Simpsons and you drive through Springfield is pretty cool.  That's about it.  The 10 missions levels are decent enough to finish, but aren't exactly fun.  The graphics are decent, and they actually have the characters speak which is somewhat fun, though not clever or laugh out loud funny.The main game consists of getting money to unlock cars and levels and to get one million dollars.  Each time you go through a run, you gain about $6000.  The run takes about 10 to 15 minutes to complete.  Every 20-30 grand, you can unlock a new level or a new character.  The unfortunate thing is that after 10 rounds, you've done pretty much all there is to do, and the novelty factor wears off.  I got up to $70,000 before being thoroughly bored with this game.  There was no way I was going to unlock all six levels and all seventeen characters.  No way would I even consider trying to get one million dollars, the monotony would have killed me.The Simpsons' Road Rage is a game that gets old really, really fast.  It's fun for about 5 hours max.  Rent it if you're curious, but you'll be disappointed.
This game is cool if you like the Simpsons (which I do) it won't matter if you like this game or not.  EA uses the Simpons to sell another driving game that is kinda like crazy tazi in Springfield. This game is ok but not great.
I think there is a reason why accurate flight simulators are few and far between on the consoles. With only a few buttons, a d-pad, and thumb-sticks on a controller, there isn't a great deal of input choices that would make up for a keyboard and full-blown flight stick. Flight sim developers are plane nuts and they strive for accuracy, many gaining access to the real aircraft, even taking test flights in them. Ace Combat 4 is not such a game. It's a fun romp through a campaign across a fictional nation that much is certain, but it has all the depth of a wading pool.  Combat is a simple matter of simply getting close enough to lock up an enemy plane and firing a missile while evading an incoming missile is as easy as turning and breaking. Also I know for a fact that real world aircraft do not carry upwards of 82 missiles.Flight dynamics are a joke; there is little difference between piloting an A-10 Thunderbolt or a F-15, characteristically, both air craft handle pretty much the same, save that the F-15 is faster. Realism goes out the window as one can usually out-maneuver an F-16 in an F-4; whereas in reality an F-16 would fly circles around the venerable Phantom. Aside from carrying five or six times the missile load out, missiles themselves are equally good at shooting down aircraft as they are blowing up tanks and hardened targets like bunkers. Fire a Sidewinder or a Sparrow at a modern battle tank and even providing you could hit it, the missile might scratch the paint. There's a great difference between aircraft aluminum and layered and ablative chobham tank armor. Bombs are equally weird, Mk-82 500 lb GBs seem to shoot out of your aircraft as if launched from a cannon. When doing a bombing run you can actually see them fly on ahead of you towards their target.What also got me was how useless the M-61 20mm gattling gun is on most aircraft. I did a little research  a few years ago and found that the cannon is incredibly accurate. Its spread pattern of 1-3 meters, even at two or three thousand meters range, indicates a 60 to 90% hit ratio. In Ace Combat 4 however, it's a bullet hose with all the accuracy of Fox News. The real weapon is so accurate because its muzzle velocity is so high, and thus overcomes gravity and wind resistance to a greater degree. In other words, shooting down another aircraft is very difficult, because you have to hit it so many times and providing you can maintain a close target lock long enough to pump enough rounds into it. This includes the A-10s 30mm Avenger cannon, the depleted uranium slugs of which will chew up battleship hull armor.These are pretty glaring faults for a game, but despite these, I found myself enjoying the game a great deal on my first play through. I liked the story as told by a young boy whose village is under enemy occupation. I generally like games that let you pick and choose what aircraft and weapons you wish to fly for each mission that is if you have earned enough money to buy such aircraft to give yourself that kind of choice. Each mission gives a series of objectives that must be met to earn cash, a little like anime `Area 88' where mercenaries on both sides battle in the skies over Africa, and use earned money to buy new planes or repair their existing aircraft. You also get a boatload of weapons; various bombs- guided and otherwise, laser guided Mavericks, and Phoenix missiles- which are actually really cool, because when armed, they lock up everything in front of you. And when you fire, you launch as many missiles as you have targeted aircraft.So, from a realism aspect, Ace Combat 4 misses the carrier deck by such a wide margin that it's in a completely different ocean. I can accept that; because it's fun. And fun is the name of the game. Going after the massive guns of the Stonehenge base and racing down the Death Start II tunnel system to wipe out Monolith, is darn cool. The lack of mission outline, the fact that missions are timed, and the fact that mission's objectives are handled pell-mell; is not. The plane graphics are great, and the landscape images are good from a distance. The combat chatter is fun, but you don't get to hear enemy in your cockpit in real life. Ace Combat 4 is a fun game, but a long, long way from being a real flight simulator or even accurate.
I just reviewed Night Fire (far superior) and realized I missed this one. I wish I had missed it at the store too. This is definetly a rental.The game just doesn't feel right from start to finish. My biggest complaint is weapons fire. It doesn't feel like really firing a weapon. It's more like your shooting noise maker that spits out little tracers.This game had so much potential, it's to bad.However, Bonds face is better in this one than in Night Fire (Bronson on Botax). EA should stick to the Generic Bond face like in this one. The role is about to change anyway (Jude Law anyone).
Fuzion Frenzy is...in many ways...fun!  There are close to 50 games, a bunch of characters, and lots of things to try.  Unfortunantly, the games have no real purpose, no real rules, and each uses such different controls...its hard to get into a flow.  Here's what I thought of Microsoft's Fuzion Frenzy:1) The Gameplay: Well, there are dozens of games to try, and u can play with up to 4 players.  The graphics are pretty good and the game is pretty fun.  The problem?  The gameplay is repetitive, the controls stink, and it seems like a game that tried to be 3 or 4 different games and in fact doesn't seem in any way it's own.You start out by picking a game type.  Multiplayer, single player, tournament, arcade, etc...  In Arcade for example, u can pick any game and play it over and over again...or pick another game.  You can do this with as many players as u want.Once u pick a game type, and how many people are playing, you pick a character.  The problem begins here.  The players seem to be different through color and gender, not through persounallity.  Each person just seems to be either a green guy or a pink girl.  They hardly ever talk, have no persounality or grudges or talents, and seem to just be there.  This was a major problem, as I never found anyone to be my "favorite."  It's not like Mario Party, where each character is different and fun to try.  Here, everyone seems to be the same...and they are.  Another problem is no one seems to have a face.  Just eyes, a nose, a mouth.  They don't react, smile, talk.  No mustaches, long hair.  Each person is so similar, u won't care who u pick.  That's a MAJOR problem.The games, thankfully, are for the most part, fun.  There's 45 mini-games to try, each pretty fun.  There are games where you hop in Vehicles and do things.  For example, try not to hit each others tail, or knock the other off the sumo court (it continues to shrink, and you try to push the other 3 people's ball-shaped vehichles off...like SUMO).  You have games where u collect the most valuables, kill the most bugs, etc...  When u win a mini-game, in a tournament, u get points.  1st gets the most, followed by second, third, fourth, etc...  You add up points through about 10 mini-games.  The winner gets bragging rights.  Unfortunantly, 45 mini-games isn't that much to choose from, the characters aren't that interesting.  In the end, it gets very dull.  And not all of the games are good.Some are just boring and seem to be impossible, and can take 15-20 minutes just to understand.  That's no fun (especially at a sleepover or party (where this game is aimed at)).  The controls aren't very good, and with just 45 mini-games, all of them needed to be.  Not the case here, and may have killed this game's gameplay.2) Graphics: Decent, but nothing the PS2 or GC couldn't handle.  The water looks decent and plain, the characters have no real special affects.  The envirements are vibrant and colorful, but nothing great.  This was a launch game by Microsoft, where they boasted the best graphics in the world...yet these graphics were nothing new.  They get the job done, but don't in ANY way save the game.  The graphics were good...but any console now a' days can do good.  What we want is GREAT!3) Options: Several.  You can play all types of games in all types of modes, create how long your game is, how hard, etc...very good.  There are a lot of characters, a lot of games, and a lot of different things to try.  There are a lot of options...but it didn't save the game.Overall, if u have NO multiplayer games, u might want to pick this up (especially for it's price).  It is fun, it is pretty unique, but it needs a LOT of improvent.  I enjoyed playing it, it did have a lot of cool stuff, but it wasn't anything I'd brag about to my friends.  This is a good game that the whole family (girls...boys at any age), and if u find a good deal, u might want to pick it up.Just don't expect Mario Party here.  It's a good game, with decent graphics, but gets pretty old fairly quickly.Hope this helped,Thx!
If this game were a multiplayer only game, i would actually give it a much higher score then two stars. The reason being that the only fun part of this miserable game is the multiplayer and when you have friends over. On your own, it is just a discrase with horrible A.I, graphics, gameplay and audio, all this added together equals a very bad game.I will now split my review into sections of graphics, gameplay and audio. Of course this game doesn't have online capabilites because it came out before Xbox Live was even released. To be honest, if Xbox Live had come out at the very beginning and this game supported online play, i would probobly give it a 3/5 because of its extremely fun gameplay when you are playing against one another offline.Graphics- The graphics in Fuzion Frenzy are definetely ones to be embarassed about. With horrible character models, background design and retarded looking features on each "map", the graphics portion of the game is definetely lacking in deatail. It reminds me of something that you would find out of a gameboy advance now a days, actually, come to think about it, this games graphics are probobly worse then even that. Thus if the graphics were better in Fuzion Frenzy, i would give the game a much higher score, but please, graphics like these just aren't acceptable!Gameplay- The gameplay in Fuzion Frenzy is extremely simplistic as well. Basically, when you are accessed to the menu of Fuzion Frenzy, you are given the choice to enter a tournament or you can choose mini games that you can play on your own or with friends. The game is made up of at least 45 minigames, each one of the at least 45 minigames requires a maximum of three buttons out of all of them on the Xbox controller to be used. Sad! If you enter a tournament, you can choose between two, four, or six stages, each stage consisting of four random minigames that fit that stage and then a final game which they call "Fuzion Frenzy" where you can basically gamble the points that have earned for the other games and depending on whether you lose or win, will get processed to the final rank of that stage putting you in a certain position from characters doing the best to the ones doing the worst.Like i said before, the gameplay is extremely simplistic which makes it really boring at times and it forces you to just shut off your Xbox console.However, if you are playing multiplayer, it is a much different story considering that there is actually a challenge (most of the time) and the players actually know what they are doing instead of the incredibly dull and stupid A.I running all over the place.Audio- Oh god, the worst part of this miserable discraceful game is yet to come. The audio! Every time you play a minigame there is this annoying voice counting you down until the game starts. As the game progresses the annoyvoice does as well providing you with "helpful" commentary. Also did i not mention that the music in Fuzion Frenzy are produced by wannabe techno DJ's? Well now i have, and yet another reason not to buy Fuzion Frenzy.In conclusion, this game would get a lot higher rating if they had made it "multiplayer only" but enhanced the features a lot more and provided us with a little more complicated minigames. But for now, its just a wannabe game that didn't get anywhere in terms of money made, and in my opinion, never will.
I give this game a little credit on the graphics but other than that it's pretty annoying, from the controls (especially Munch)to the character's voices. This isn't my style of game but I'm sure some will like it.
Nice graphics, a few exciting moments, and kinda cute. But the gameplay is bland and and doesn't do a good job of captivating the player.
I know, I know.  This game is innovative, a venture into the new world.  It brings video gaming to the next level.  I will admit, this game was creative, the concept is pretty good, and at times it can be fun.  But the overall gameplay is just a bit too gory for my taste.  Here's what I thought after a few hours of GTA3:1. The graphics: pretty good.  I disagree with anyone who said this game lacked graphics.  I own an XBOX and hate PS2's graphics, but I was impressed by the many things this game supports.  There are dozens of cars, bridges, people, shops, trees, guns, and just about everything else.  The world looks real and comes alive!  The weather changes, and the worlds are HUGE!  As much as I hated all the gore, this game definantly looked pretty awsome in every other way.  Grade: B+2. The gameplay: ok...if u like going around shooting people to death.  There's way to much blood, and the way u can just keep hitting people again and again with the bat or the gun just gets sickening.  The blood is everywhere, and it really takes the quote "Fun" out of the game.  The whole concept of hejacking cars is cool, and swithcing cars again and again or running on foot was pretty cool (while trying to escape the police).  You can hejack anything from regular old jeeps to Taxi's, Police Cars, Ambulances, Fire Trucks, Vipers, Tanks, and anything else out there.  Once again, all this would have been fun, even shooting people...without the gore.  This game could have been so much more, but instead, it's just sickening.  Gangs are everywhere, FREEDOM is everything.  But overall, I just didn't find it fun, in fact quite the opposite.  Grade: C-3. Replay value: I can see how an extreme person might like this game, and if u can handle shooting people's head off to see a fountain of blood, go ahead.  But overall, the game made me feel like a criminal, nothing else.  But if u do like this kind of game, there are dozens of missions, freedom beyond your largest dreams, and cash to earn.  Rival gangs and kick police ....  The concept was awsome...it just didn't click for me.  Grade: B-Well, I hope this helped, and if your sickened by gore like me, you probably won't like this game.  A sour feeling left in my mouth, I will never be a GTA fan, and could care less if one of them makes there way on to the XBOX.  My friend likes it, he can like it.  It justn't didn't click with me.  Would it with u?
I wish I won the lottery, but that's for people with hope. I have hope. You'd have a better chance at....blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's the way it always is. PLUS YOU'D HAVE A BETTER CHANCE AT LIKING THIS!! IT IS SO BORING! I might never win the lottery just like all of those S.O.B.s who have all of it to themselves!!!!!!!!!!!! It makes me furious. Even though in the series, this game leads straight to Vice City, AT LEAST THE MAIN CHARACTER HAS A FRIGGIN' PERSONALITY IN THAT GAME!!!! I don't know yet how good San Andreas is either. The graphics for GTA 3 are just plain crappy, you don't have a code for weapons, and when you kill someone, it doesn't sound like you're trying to. Everything echoes for some reason when you go down hills of streets {shrug}. If you want a better game, play GTA VICE CITY, DRAGONBALL Z BUDOKAI, or MK DEADLY ALLIANCE. You will not only get blood, but a lot of good, fun violence.
When GTA3 came out, I did not get around to it.  Here I am, eight years after the fact coming back to it to see how it plays and compares with later games in the series.It doesn't fare as well.I'm an old enough gamer (28) to still appreciate how revolutionary this game was for its time, both gameplay and pushing the envelope on what they could get released for a console (unfortunately still branded as a child's toy by much of society).  Still, the game is not much fun to play, even compared to its immediate successor Vice City.For starters, navigating the city is itself un-fun.  With no big map overview its hard to get oriented.  Much of the landscape/architecture doesn't stand out, so I found myself navigaing by remembering road curves/intersection angles on the small immediate-area map.  This is further hindered by objectives that you don't get to see where they are, only what direction they are in (until you're close enough to see them onscreen).  Also, finding the Pay N Spray (While being hounded by the authorities) is difficult without any locational indicatord until you've been on an island for an hour or two to get familiar.Many of the missions are simply not passable on the first try.  They're not that diffcult in the end, but most will likely take 2+ tries to figure out exactly what you're doing.  It usually has suprises like suddenly getting 5 stars wanted rating (or attacked by a half-dozen driving members of some gang) or suprise insta-killed by the FBI (or some other government people) abound.  Ocasionally it reqires out of the box thinking to react to an event and kill someone before they can get away (ie you have to know to block a certain alley with a bus/fire truck to cutoff an escape route beforehand or else its almost impossible to catch up).  The biggest fun-killer though is the constant aribtrary time limits that get thrown on the missons.Bugs abound.  I've had missions where targets become invincible, people I'm supposed to pick up in a vehcile don't appear, or they get stuck and stop following, or spawn inside a building/terrain feature and get stuck.Still, the game has some good aspects that stand out even now.  While the graphics are relatively bland, there is a lot going on and the game almost never hiccups or loses framerate.  The voice acting is above average even for nowadays; it must have been spectacular 8 years ago.  It's got that Rockstar polish...that touch of irreverant humor and good storytelling (even if its limited and your character has no personality; literally).GTA3 was a great and revolutionary game when it came, and set the ground for not only sequels, but launched a new genre of game.  The numerous improvements that have been made over the years though expose a lot of the gliches and problems in this one though.  Unless you are bound and determined to play all of the GTA games like me (or have already played them) I recommend steering clear of this one and getting one of its successors.
...But, let's take a look at the whole picture. True, the city is huge within its respective townships, but all the pedestrians are limited to a few in reality.  Next, the character modeling is okay, but far from being great.  Third, the game's "missions" and other things become tedious after the 1000th time that you have done them.  Even provoking the police gets boring after a while.  Additionally, there was very little storyline or cinematics to provide an actual story.  For example, the character's ex-girlfriend all the sudden becomes a factor on the last mission.  I wish there were radio or television broadcasts that would display who or what the character affected.  Like if you murdered a mafia boss, the news would display what you did, on television or something.  Also, what's up with NPGs all the suddenly disappearing after the missions are completed?  That's a cheap tactic for the developers to limit the storyline and make it shallower than it already is. The only thing going for the game is the freedom involved, but with all that freedom, the game is full of itself.  The game doesn't portray the grittiness of the streets. In fact, the Don of the La Cosa Nostra wouldn't like this game either.  It's just too incredibly boring after a while.  Hopefully, games in the future such as The Getaway will resolve this inordinate shallowness of Grand Theft Auto 3.
This thing is a monster.  The controls are awkward and it doesn't feel right.  I bought the other controller which is smaller and the buttons are placed better.  I try not to use this big monster controller.  It makes playing games difficult.
To begin, this controller is HUGE. Its WAY to big for me or any of my friends. The stupid XBOX symbol in the middle takes half of the space away, and thats why the buttons are too close to eachother. Also, ur right thumb kills when u try to reach for that d-pad at the bottom. Microsoft did a terrible job. You should get a controll S.
This pad is extremley uncomfortalbe. The analog sticks have too much give, the main 4 buttons are too close together and shaped strangley.I MUCH prefer the controller S.  Which makes up for everything that is wrong with this pad.
$21.95 for 8MB of memory??!!  This is unacceptable.  8MB equates to around 500 blocks of space for the XBOX.  500 blocks would only hold one Splinter Cell save, there are some games (KOTOR) that you can't even save because the file is too big.  Sure the XBOX has a massive hard drive, but what about those of us who want to back up our hours of game play in case the XBOX has problems and require service?  You hard drive will more than likely lose all of your data after it returns from service.  What if your hard drive just quits on you one day?If you want to back up your XBOX data in case a catastrophe occurs, you have two options 1).  Purchase anywhere from 50 - 100 of these little Memory Units at $22 a pop 2).  Purchase a bigger memory card, like MegaXKey, or Max Drive for XBOX, that hold 4 times the space for only $10 more.  On top of both of these cards also allow you to moves your XBOX saves to your PC's hard drive and even burn them to a CD.  Because of the included USB to XBOX adapter you can connect these to both your PC and XBOX; this means you can back up all of your savable game files to your PC by only having to buy one memory card.  Better yet, use of these items do not require your XBOX to be modded in anyway. After backing up all of my data to my PC, I restored them to my XBOX and had no problems with the files although the Max Drive is a little more user friendly and also can go up to 64MB!XBOX's are composed of man-made mechanical items that will eventually fail or have problems.  No one wants to lose all of their data just because they are unable to back up their stuff.  It is too bad Microsoft forces their customer to depend on the hard drive only since they do not offer a cost-effective, efficient method of back up.  To add insult to injury, they don't even offer bigger memory cards!  8MB is the largest and ONLY memory card option they have!I love my XBOX, but Microsoft really needs to get with the program here and offer bigger memory cards and also an option to back up saved game files.  If other companies can do it, why can't they?  Unless you want to carry around a pocketful of these tiny memory cards, your best option for back up is something like MegaXKey or MaxDrive.Unless you are just using the memory card for saving small game files like rosters or settings, then I don't think Microsoft's memory cards are worth the money.
First let me say that i absolutely loved the first Dragon Warrior and the last, which is part 8. So why do i dislike part 7 so much? Oh, where to start?First off, the graphics and sound are beyond terrible. Old school is one thing, but there is no need to make this game look and sound like an 8 bit title.And the playable characters? What a sham!Each of your 6 or so playable characters joins your party for no serious reason, tags along for 100 hours, and pretty much says 5 lines of dialogue in those 100 hours. Your characters have the personality of a wooden board.And this game is unnecessarily huge. It took me about 75 painful hours to complete but couldve easily been reduced to 40 or so.The reason is that you have to visit almost every single town, cave, maze, and dungeon twice! Going through every area 2-3 times is NOT fun and is repetitive beyond belief.And yet another fabled aspect of this game is its huge assortment of playable job classes... yet they fail to mention that its broken.There are dozens of classes that are worthless yet a couple that pretty much make the game a cakewalk, thus 'breaking' the game. Get yourself 3 Godhands, for ultima hit, and 1 teenidol, for hustle dance, and the entire game is yours to conquer.This game never hit 'greatest hit' status in America and for good reason...
It feels like a long RPG made by RPG maker.  Terrible graphics, music from 1991 and RPG maker style battle system with basicaly no story.  Not worth it.
REVIEWERS NOTE: Throughout this review the product is referred to as Dragon Quest VII and not Dragon Warrior VII.  They're both the same game, but the truth is: the series is called Dragon Quest.  So don't get confused.  I also refer to the other games in the series as Dragon Quest and not Dragon Warrior.Dragon Quest is huge in Japan.  The games actually have to be release on Sundays or Holidays because of how big they are.  The Dragon Quest games are not nearly as big in America.  The other Dragon Quest games are actually a real treat--particularly the SNES games that never made it to the states.  Dragon Quest VII does not hit the height of the NES and SNES games in any way shape or form, mainly because this game in particularly, does nothing to actually make the Dragon Quest games mature, and that's really sad.  It's great that they got it together for Dragon Quest VIII, but it can't stop the seventh in the series from being the black sheep of them all.It's really sad to because of all the Dragon Quest games, the seventh installment is one of the only ones to have a satisfying storyline where things actually progress and you don't spend a lot of time running around so lost you don't know what to do.  It's not a deep story by any means, but it does have more focus here than other Dragon Quest games.  Because of the structure of the story, there's not too much you can explore from the get go, and thus you're limited.The first thing about Dragon Quest VII that people will note is that the game looks absolutely horrible.  For a late generation PSX game going up against the likes of Chrono Cross and Final Fantasy IX at the time, this game looks like a rejected Super Nintendo game, and it may be because it was originally in development for that particularly system.  The towns look really bad, the textures are mostly pixelated, the character sprites look horrendous.  Simply put, this is just a terrible looking game.  The sound effects are even worse.  You'll dread each time you have to pick up a barrel and toss it.  You'll dread opening a door.  The games framerate isn't even steady.  The only thing to the games graphical credit is that some of the enemies don't look so bad, and that it's colorful.  Still, even for those who don't base their judgment of a game on graphics will have to take a moment to get used to just how terrible they really are.The second annoying thing is the menu system.  It's the exact same one that was used in Dragon Quest VI, and it's just a pain to navigate.  In a world where games like Final Fantasy VII made navigating the menu as easy chewing food, Dragon Quest VII makes it a tedious task.  Characters are limited to what they can hold and I don't want to go into the nightmare of equipping and re-equipping characters over and over again.  The menu interface is absolutely horrible.  It seems like such a dumb thing to complain about, but in an RPG released on the Playstation, inventory management shouldn't be so difficult, nor should I have to spend more time in the menu than actually exploring a dungeon.Combat is also a big problem.  It's not that battling isn't fun.  Firstly, you don't get into a battle for quite some time.  In fact, you'll spend the first couple of hours of the game roaming around not battling anything.  It'll be a miracle if some gamers can even hold out that long.  Especially because it's an RPG with little story exposition in the beginning.  When you do make it to that point though, you'll be met with mixed feelings.  For some odd reason battling is fun, but again, the graphics really make you wonder sometimes.  The battle system is essentially the same as it was on the NES and SNES.  The problem here is simple: This isn't either of the two systems.  I don't mind the combat being menu based, but the fact that you don't see your characters and that they don't physically go up and strike the enemy makes battling feel a little... empty and uninspired.  Some of the enemies actually look pretty good, but I'm bothered that the battle engine is exactly the same as Dragon Quest I from way back when.  Dragon Quest VIII certainly did a far better job in at least making their battles look good.  Here, you just feel as if you're not involved enough.  It's simple, and it is fun because the combat is surprisingly deep and strategic.  Even better the game is a challenge.  But all the while you can't help but thinking you're playing an NES game on a system that is capable of so much more.They say it'll take you about 100 hours to plow through Dragon Quest VII.  The game is, in fact, huge.  There's tons of sidequests, and just when you think the game is getting stale, they do manage to throw something else at you that gets a little more involved in the gameplay.  The job system, for instance, comes along hours after you've begun your quest, but it adds a lot of variety when it's finally added in there.  Enough to keep you busy for hours.  What a lot of people don't mention about Dragon Quest VII, however, is that a lot of those 100 hours are spent on heavily raising your party to getting better levels and stats.  Dragon Quest is known for making gamers work, and Dragon Quest VII actually does that.  For example, the game will not let you overpower your characters job classes.  There's a point where they do cut you off and you have to advance forward.  However, you've still go to worry about their normal levels, and you don't gain a whole lot of experience or gold from these monsters.  Thus, of the 100 spent to plow through the game, you'll more than likely spend more than 50 hours just leveling up to take on the next challenge.  And Dragon Quest VII is not an easy game.While the sound effects are bad, the music of the game itself is quite good.  Dragon Quest has always had good music and Dragon Quest VII is no exception.  The game falls short in almost every category except music.  Here's where the game truly shines, and not only that but Dragon Quest fans will recognize some fantastic tunes from other games.The bottom line is simple.  Is Dragon Quest VII a good game?  The answer is surprisingly, yes.  You just have to really be able to get passed the fact that you're playing an NES game on a system capable of so much more.  Simplicity has kept the series alive at least, but the game seriously looks like a rejected SNES title that they felt they needed to dress up in tattered clothes and shove onto the Playstation.  The game isn't bad, it's just that by the time Dragon Quest reached the seventh installment, one has to wonder why the developers didn't actually make it look or play like a Playstation RPG.If you can look past the NES appeal, Dragon Quest VII is a great game.  It's fun to battle in (despite it's graphics).  There are tons of mini-games and sidequests to do, and there's so much variety that you'll want to play just for the sheer fact that you KNOW you haven't uncovered anything.  Still, the old school nature of this game is going to be hard to swallow, even for old school gamers.  The game is slow, the menu system is horrible, the graphics are subpar, the battles feel like you're doing nothing.  With these kinds of cons taunting the game, it's hard to recommend it even to die hard Dragon Quest fans.  Fun to play, but it's asking a lot gamers to look past its glaring shortcomings.
Let me start by saying that I rented this title rather than paying [the money] to buy it and I believe I made the right choice.  Max payne is a very frustrating game that gives gamers a headache. Average graphics, average gameplay and horrible control.  Game play becomes a very challenging task since one analog stick is for moving and the other is for aiming. Put it this way, for the hours that I spent playing this title I could never grasp the controls perfectly.  Overall I recommend renting first to see if you like it.
Max Payne rocks! The PC version was terrific; the Xbox port was even better. But n comparison to PC and Xbox, PS2 [is bad] when it comes to the latest technology in graphics, especially memory and polygon capabilities. It results awful gameplay:1) a lot worse graphics in the PS2 version - bullet time isn't as cinematic and actually looks cheap2) framerate problems - its choppy, its laggy, and overall the game feels terrible3) savegame feature is stupid - in the Xbox and the PC versions you can make a quick save whenever you want (except some higher difficulty levels have limited saves), but in PS2 you need to get checkpoints the old-fashioned way4) another example of PS2 weakness - loading times are long, and while the PC Max Payne had only one quite brief load at each level, in the PS2 port that level would be divided into like 5 parts, each part would have to load almost twice as long as the start of every level in the PC original, this causes interruption in the action and storytellingSo if you have a relatively new, powerful PC, or an Xbox, get Max Payne for either one of the systems, if you have a PS2, don't even bother buying this port.
I had high hopes on this game but I was disapointed. The controls are horrible and definately the voice acting throughout 90% was bad. The story line was basically typical, it really didn't hold my interest for long. I did beat the game because I spent $50 on it the day it came out and I figured I would at least do that. I gave the game to a friend of mine after I beat it and he had the same opinion as I did. It's worth renting but definately not worth buying. Hopefully those who decide to buy or rent this game can devote a good bit of time trying to learn the controls.
I feel like I played a different game from the rest of these reviewers. I made it into the early missions of the second part before I couldn't take the abysmal design flaws anymore. It's disappointing considering how good the story and atmosphere of the game are.Plenty has been said about the positive, so I'll lay out the game's many flaws in more detail than I've seen in many of the negative reviews here.1 - Lack of precision digital controls: If you're a gamer, you probably know that most games utilizing a joystick (pretty much every game made in the past 12 years) allow you to change movement speed based on how far the stick is pressed. For instance, ever since Mario 64, pushing the stick a little bit forward allowed the player to move slowly, sneaking past unsuspecting enemies or gaining more precise movement over treacherous terrain. Pushing the stick all the way forward allows the player to run. Sometimes there's other increments in the middle (sneak -&#62; walk -&#62; run). Max Payne does not have this feature. If the game detects movement of the joystick, you set off in a wild sprint. Usually this isn't an issue (tact and stealth seem to be words alien to Payne) but in a few areas your character must walk along narrow walkways. A slight tilt on the joystick will send Max tumbling to his death. Considering the era in which the game was made (long after the release of Mario 64) the lack of precision controls is almost inexcusable, especially when precision movement is expected.2 - Abysmal AI: Making life-like enemies has always been a challenge for game companies. There's always some obstacle or unforeseen circumstance that the AI has no script to compensate for. Yet it feels like the AI for Max Payne consists of a few lines that say 'point your gun in the players general direction and shoot'. Enemies will repeatedly try to fire at you from behind walls or run one by one into your line of fire like a duck shoot. Later enemies will throw a grenade then stand there while waiting for it to explode. Of course, the developer compensated for poor quality by putting in a LOT of enemies. The worst issue I found, however (and the one that actually made me turn off the game in disgust) is the AI's ability to detect the player. A certain mission early in the second part has Max unarmed with the exception of a baseball bat. He says that the best course of action is to &#34;Play hide-and-seek&#34; with the enemies. Only problem is, if you use the game's third person view to look around a corner at a group of enemies, they will immediately detect you (even if you're several feet outside of their line of sight) and come running, also apparently calling the rest of the enemies in the area. There is no excuse for this.3 - dull, repetitious game play: I guess I'm not the best judge of this as a fan of JRPGs, but the lack of depth in enemy AI and the emphasis on run-and-gun game play makes every level feel dull and repetitive. Most opponents can be overcome by following the same one or two strategies, and the huge abundance of ammo means that you'll never find yourself needing to conserve your better weapons. I'll admit that the opening of chapter two was refreshingly different, but consisted of a long segment involving precision controls (see issue 1) and the aforementioned part with the baseball bat (issue 2).I've heard that the second game improves on the mechanics of the first, so I'm willing to give it a shot, but I couldn't play anymore of this one.
This game had a cool feature, bullet time game motion.  Basically a slow motion system that allows a pseudo-matrix style game play for a few brief seconds.  Apparently, they thought that such a gimmick could sell a game.  Unfortunately, thousands of people fell for it.  The only real revolutionary aspects of this game are the new heights of tedium that this game induces.This game starts off with a story consisting of a comic page animation (e.g. mostly still, cheaply made) with what apparently was an English major desperately trying to use big words and a raspy voice in order to sound sophisticated, deep, and dark.  This fails miserably and the darn thing never stops.  Then there is the game.  You can only save at the start of sub-levels, which automatically brings it down two notches.The game basically is a sequence where you turn a corner, wait for the slow bad guy, shoot, try to open a door, then try another, enter, wait, shoot, and on and on until you hit a save point.  That's it.  The first level is fine, but the second level gets you.  The controls are clunky and shooting is jerky and unresponsive.  Bullet damage is seemingly random.  Sometimes, you shoot a guy point blank with a shotgun, and he's barely touched.  You shoot a guy fifty feet away with a handgun, and he might go down for no reason.The first level is almost fun, since you might die to the randomness, but you'll have to repeat the killing of one or two guys again.  The second level, you sometimes have to face up to 15 guys.  It's no fun when the 15th guy, at 100 feet away and out of sight, shoots you in with a handgun and destroys all your health.  And it takes forever to return the same place beforehand.  The producers apparently couldn't differentiate between needless waiting and stealth.  By the middle of the game, I was so frustrated by the repeating, waiting, random deaths; I just turned it off and sold the game immediately.  I have never gone that far in a game and not finished it.  Just totally frustrating.The best way to describe this game is like the non-car missions of Grand Theft Auto, without the fun.  I know why this is called Max Payne now.  It hurts.
Let's freely admit it.  Profess it!  THE FUTURE IS HERE!  Technical advancements are screening throughout the world, and not I`m not rambling about nanomachines or emigrational space travel, I`m aimed at the Gaming Industry (note the capitalization.  Oh yeah, it's that huge.)  Face it, the GBA -- in all its rights -- comprises extraordinary brilliance.  Many deemed Tekken's conversion on  the GBA to be an ungodly Fighter, and get this (you can bite down on your pillow now), they were absolutely, positively on que.  Bashed in it are horrendous moments of frustration.  Okay, so the greatest future isn't actually here, and by the effort of Namco, gaming is not at its finest.No, Tekken Advance is not a revival of the Tekken paradise, but it thrashes Mortal Kombat in every direction.  With GBA limitations, the leap from the massive 3D environments to 2D was Namco's hardship.  The GBA tries its best to capture the essence of Tekken and crashes.  Consisting of only 10 lousy fighters, the controls on each character have obviously been tweaked into a condensed format.  Single punch, kick, throw, and tag buttons are dished up on a skyrocketing discomfort level.  Because of the lost of the essential control scheme, the moves list was trimmed down to simplified, sluggish combos.  Worst, the AI is a recurring challenge and heavy with bevy combos.  Missing the intensity of a hardcore fighter, the repeated combo-jumble fighting proves to be nothing more than a disgrace. On a happier note (the reason for that extra star), the controls are extremely responsive and the directional pad is just as splendid, letting players easily walk, dart, hop, and backpedal.  On the whole the gameplay tries to deliver an adequate amount of mayhem.  Easily unraveled by the range of modes from previous installments, such as the Arcade, Survival, and Tag Battle, this repulsive remake deserves no credit, because this one was never meant to be.Graphically, Tekken Advance looks to be infected with a deadly case of visual disgust.  Look at this thing, it keeps a doleful cast of pre-rendered fighters who have faces of callousness.  The colorful backgrounds are ruined by jerky animation and smudged texturing.  Even when combos go a-thundering-in, the graphics transform into a squalid pigpen.  Tekken Advance, by screenshots, appeared to have taken complete usage of the GBA's full capacity, but is nowhere linked to the mighty emphasis of past games.  Tenements of the franchise strictly belong to the console market, and Namco falls extremely short to do justice on their handheld attempt.  Mark my words, 3D Fighters belong on specialized 3D formats -- otherwise known as the PS2, GameCube, or X-Box.
I thought after watching multipul videos about this, and Skyrim that these would be the greatest games ever! .. I was wrong, I played this, and Skyrim once. Never again. NEVER. AGAIN.
Some reviewers loved all Balder's Gate-related phenomena, I personally thought the story was shallow and lacked anything to really define motivation. Ostensibly "to let the player be the character", your character instead comes across as a vapid individual who has no personality or real lines. Some people liked the "twist" of getting caught up in a plot with magi and demons, but I found it more like an accident and never felt a compelling reason to continue beyond "I haven't beaten the game yet". Castle of the Winds, a now-freeware game for Windows 95 did a better job of getting an adventurer to set out on a dangerous quest.Story: 5/10If you've played PS1 or PS2-launch titles, you're not far from what you'll see here. The scenery looks nice, but character models are unimaginative and relatively bland. While your appearance changes based on armor, it's not a drastic change and the benefits of new equipment aren't much different than "a new coat of paint". The camera is fixed at a slightly offset top-down that generally doesn't hide obstacles but also doesn't give you a satisfying way to navigate. The lack of differentiation between non-interactive terrain dressing and potentially useful objects like item boxes is also unhelpful. Not terrible, but the lack of distinction brought the score down.Graphics: 5/10Unexceptional sounds at best, some were annoying. Volume can't be controlled in-game, and the voicing ranged from "bad rivaling cheap kung-fu dubs" to "modestly compelling", with most of it being unimaginative and repetitive - particularly the shops, who won't shut up while you're trying to shop.Sound: 4/10Little actually stood out, but after having been through soundtracks like .Hack//G.U. or Ace Combat 5, I expect music that won't be missed in an empty elevator.Music: 5/10A very basic "dungeon crawler", I feel that calling it a hack-and-slash does a disservice to action games like Gauntlet orDynasty Warriors: Strikeforcethat do that subgenre justice. Enemies are difficult - you may like or dislike this - but they don't respawn, so if you want to practice or level grind, you have to save character data and start a new game, then import. Random drops and inconsistent ability - enemies tended to hit every swing even if they weren't at optimal range, whereas everything from bows to great swords to daggers had a tendency to miss - not dodged, but simply doing nothing. The fact that everything has a single swing as its whole moveset was especially disappointing, at least Gauntlet had reverse-strokes instead of the same chop time after time.Gameplay: 4/10You can import character data into any game load that you please, but as awkward as the game felt to play through in the first place and as miniscule as the benefits of revisiting an area are (especially with the steps you have to take), I just can't in good conscience recommend this when there are so many other games that actually let you have fun throughout, and then games like Ratchet & Clank let you cruise back through the story with all the goodies you earned.Replayability: 2/10If you're a hardcore "dungeon crawler" fan, and think getting a "stained cotton shirt +1" is the greatest thing in gaming, then this game will suit your collection. If you prefer characters with more depth than cardboard cutouts try.hack: G.U., Vol.3: RedemptionIf you like weapons and magic with nifty utility as well as flashy combat effectiveness, tryGolden Sun. Unfortunately, nothing in this game really earns a special mention. It's a bargain-bin purchase, but not quite worth bargain-bin prices unless you're a particularly avid "dungeon crawler" fan.Overall: 4/10
Luigi's mansion is one of the Gamecube Oldies. Most everyone who ended up reserving a Gamecube reserved Luigi's Mansion as well.Oops.Luigi's mansion is so incredibly... what's the word... oh yeah, STUPID.You start out with a plot line that you have won a haunted mansion in a contest you never entered. You encounter a ghost, and some crazy guy sucks it up with a poltergust 3000 (a vacume cleaner) You then must rescue Mario from the mansion, and thats when it gets exciting... for the one time.Whats the gameplay like? Well, you need to suck up ghosts. First you need to shine a light on them to freeze them, then press L and pull back on the control stick to suck them up. But the drop bombs down, and you go into them, and you lose health and the ghosts! It's [horrible] how you cannot control the way you go. Second, more ghosts pop out and hurt you, and you can't do anything about that either! You would not beleive how stupid the entire thing is. The entire game revolves around pressing L and holding the C-stick down. Short "mini" games involve you the size of a peanut againts ghosts 50x your size. Also, during gameplay, the dumbest things let you get furthur. What does sucking in a peice of paper have to do with letting 50 boo's come out of a sewer? Speaking of boo's, you need to capture 50 of them. They are virtually all the same, and by ghost 10, you are saying "What's the point of this?" They travel through the walls and you need to capture them by going into a different room! Once I was stuck for 10 minutes in a hallway chasing a boo from room to room. BOOOOORING. You also lose health for opening doors, having mice touch you, and you virtually are dead after 10 touches by a ghosts, plus -20 everytime it shoots out a bomb at you. The gameplay gets a 5/10.Now, I know, I sound like the old men from [a t.v. show], complaining about everything, but I can't complain about this. Despite the ...awful gameplay, the graphics will blow you away. Everything is in 3D and makes it look great. Ghosts have perfect transparentry, and the physics are perfect. If you try to suck up a cloth, it will respond to how hard you pressing the button, where you are, and how much your moving back. It's amazing. The graphics get a 10/10, but don't count on it to help this game's grade.The sound is neutral. I can't complain, but I can't praise. The ghosts basically all make the same chattery laughter, and the boo's have the exact safe sfx for all of them. The sound gets a 7/10, but I'm being generous to the fact that it was one of the first games from Gamecube.Speed's ok. It's not like Madden 2002, thank god, but it's superfast. There is loading time, but it's not annoyingly slow. Speed gets a 8/10.Controls are decent, except for one part. The y button helps you see what can kill a ghost, but it's so slow by the time you know what it is, it bumps into you and you lose major health. You also have to pull the control stick in the opposite direction, which is very difficult because it seems to change while you are holding it. You will know what I mean if you foolishly purchase this game. Controls get a 8.5/10Whats this "replay value" you speak of? L's Mansion has NO replay value. Whats the point of doing it again? It's gonna be exactly the same everytime! I'm not joking when I give the replay value a 1/10. You beat it, end of story. What's more to do?Basically, if you want a game that will frustrate and waste your time and your hard-earned [$$], buy Luigi's Mansion. Case closed.Let's review:Gameplay: 5/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 7/10Speed: 8/10Controls: 8.5/10Replay value: 1/10Total: 39.5/60 giving Luigi's Mansion a 65.83, my lowest review ever.Am I forgetting something? Oh yeah! I always add points for cheats on games. Right, so now instead of a 65.83, I'm gonna give it the appropriate amount of points for cheats, leaving Luigi's Mansion new total to be... 65.83! Woohoo!
Hopefully, this isn't the new standard of Nintendo games. This was short and boring, albeit pretty. I don't know why anyone would want to play it once, let alone twice.
What can I say? This game is boring. Yeah that sounds right, Childish? Very much so. Balenced TOO well!?! Yes. Very much so. &quot;Luigi's Mansion&quot; plays out like this (In all the same order):Go into a room.Suck up gousts into your vacume cleaner (???).Find the key.Go unlock the next room.Repeat.Now go directly to jail. Do not pass GO. Do not collect $200 dollers. Even though $200 will buy you your Gamecube, this game will not take off your ming off the spent money with entertainment. Honestly, I can't come up with any reason why anyone would want to spend 6 hours sucking up gousts and then not play the game again! There is no real ending, and the game ends once you figure out that the game is getting boring. Rent only. Unless your of the hardcore type and must own EVERYTHING that is Mario!
I skipped renting or owning this game because it's only an hour long.  I did not like what I saw when I played it in store, so I decided to never play the game again.  Overall, it's just not Nintendo's best effort and is clearly a launch title that was rushed in the end so it could drop in stores the day the system did.
First off, I would like to say I give this game a 2 1/2 (Not a 2 You can't choose 1/2's on ratings) Second off, before you even you read my review, I just want to make one thing clear: Don't BUY this game. Let me emphesis BUY. I mean do not purchase this game for keeps. I would reccomend renting it, or possibly playing it at some other kids house.This concept of &quot;Pikmin&quot; is amazing. It's a cross between Warcraft and Kirby 64. You control an army of tiny little red, blue, and yellow creatures, while you lead them across vast and magical places. You're ship has crashed, and with the help of your pikmin to find missing parts, you can come home again.What's so horrible about this game? It has every element of difficulty.You are timed, and to make matters worse you must do entire missions over if you don't succeed. Once it has been 12 hours (which is more like 5 mins in pikmin land) you must get all of your pikmin back in the spaceship. If you don't, you lose them.Your pikmin are S-T-U-P...um...oh yeah...I-D. This one time I had a Grub Dog (A monster in the pikmin world) eat 40 of my pikmin. I told them to get a part, so they did. Then on the way back, they walked right into a grub dog. I could've named at least 4 alternate routes! He woke up and started eating all the pikmin. They didn't fight back right away and I had to tell them too! Second, red and yellow pikmin (who cannot swim, only blue can) will constantly fall into the water. It's almost funny how dumb they are when you watch them just walk in the water.Your Pikmin don't exactly follow orders. I will by walking along, and all of a sudden they will decide they'll going to attack a flower that hasn't bloomed. (Which works againts you because bloomed flowers provide more pikmin) Or once I saw 3 of them run off to attack a baby grub dog, who were all immediatly killed.Replay .... WRONG! Once you played it, you played it. I wouldn't spend hours playing the exact same thing i played before, would you?Lastly, By the third level the enemies are 10x stronger! They will things on fire and the mindless pikmin will just go into it.Renting it: fine. Go ahead. You'll some fun. Buying: Only if you plan you get rid of it in a week.
This game is weird and frustrating. The gameplay is so stupid! You run around making a bunch of weird creatures called Pikmin do all the work. The rest of the time you spend is solving uncreative puzzles, fighting enemies that will probably kill you, and trying to get more pikmin. This game has no business being called one of the best games on gamecube, no business at all!Good Things- Nice graphics and sound, not great.Bad Things- Simply put, stupid gameplay.- Boring puzzle solving.- Frustrating and/or boring overall.- Over a dozen nit-picks and minor problems that all add up.Presentation- 62/100It certainly doesn't make you too excited to play the game!Graphics- 80/100Graphics are... proficient.Sound- 74/100Decent sound to go with nice graphics.Gameplay- 33/100Unbeleivably boring, stupid, and frustrating!Innovation- 71/100Sure it's unique and new, but can something that sucks so much really get a high score in innovation?Replay Value- 22/100I wouldn't even rent this game.Overall- 35/100Like most brand-new series started from 1996-present, it sucks!
Originally penciled in as a late addition to the N64's library, Eternal Darkness was eventually shifted over to the freshly born GC, where it was meant to be the first of many mature-themed first party titles brought to the system. Looking back over the years that have come and gone since, that string of adult-leaning N-published games never really came to be, and the Cube faltered in a similar fashion to its immediate predecessor. But this is now, and for Darkness, that was then. The birth of a new console meant an opportunity for a clean slate and instant anticipation.The storyline revolves around a blonde-haired, blue eyed, athletic woman named Alexandra Roivas. Constantly haunted by dreams of the undead, she's awakened late one night by a telephone call that informs her of her grandfather's brutal, untimely demise. As the man's only living relative, she's asked to meet with police about the situation, and quickly finds herself drawn into the web of magick, satanism and otherworldly struggles that had defined her late relative's life. The entire story effectively transpires on the grounds of the old man's mansion, which isn't nearly as dull and repetitive as you'd think, thanks to the inclusion of a single intuitive plot device. Hidden among her deceased patriarch's things, Alexandra discovers the necronomicon, a book bound in human flesh that holds the secrets of her family's legacy and the majority of the game's variety. Most of the book's pages have been torn out and scattered throughout the mansion, naturally, but upon discovering a new chapter, Alexandra will dive right in - somewhat literally. Each new set of pages tells the story of a different character and his or her interactions with the book itself, and as Alexandra reads, you'll take control of that character, playing your way through their tale. As such, Eternal Darkness feels more like a series of intertwined short stories than a single, game-spanning epic... a welcome change of pace . What's more, it allows players to travel unbound throughout time and space, adventuring through a roman war expedition one chapter, conquering an Indiana Jones style aztec temple the next, without the need for a silly, out-of-place object like a time machine (or worse).Truly, there are a lot of really good ideas at play here. I loved the idea of playing the role of an 18th century noble with medical aspirations, performing rudimentary autopsies on the bodies of demons after a battle. The suggestion of a steep tower of corpses, a sacrifice to an ancient, forgotten god, is an amazing mental image. Even the continued use of the book itself as a means to explain Alexandra's growth as a character and a magician was extremely well-concepted. Upon reading in explicit detail about a distant relative's discovery of a magical spell, it's only natural to assume she'd have a fairly good understanding of how to go about casting it herself. Imagination most definitely isn't the weak spot in Sanity's Requiem; it's the execution and realization of those ideas that bothers me.Take the system of magic, for example, what should've been one of the most important aspects of the game. The idea is that there are three distinct pools of magical energy, a red pool, a green pool, and a blue pool, that simultaneously have power over one color while falling victim to the other. Green is stronger than red, for instance, while blue overcome green, and red conquers blue. It's a brilliantly simple idea, but one that falls flat due to being underexplained and overly detailed. You'll know that the boss you're fighting is using a green special attack, and that you should be counterattacking with a blue assault, but exactly which spell you should be using is only revealed through an abysmal series of trial-and-error kamikaze strikes. Even then, half the time you aren't casting at the right time, or you're not standing in the right place, or the boss has shifted to another form. If I had a dime for every time I had to resort to an online FAQ after reaching the point of frustration during this game, I'd be able to buy a replacement copy and hurl the original into the wall, frisbee style, as stress relief.It's this maddening sense of frustration and helplessness that really strikes the most damning blow to my overall opinion of the game. After a half-dozen hours or so of gameplay, you'll be so utterly defeated and annoyed that your motivation to continue will begin to pay a heavy toll. As Alexandra learns more and more about what's going on with her heritage and what was really behind her grandfather's murder, you'll find yourself actually comprehending less and less. It's a problem I had with what was formerly one of my favorite comic books, Hellblazer, a year or two ago: because the story is supernatural and underworldly in setting, the writer(s) assume that the solutions to problems don't necessarily need to make sense, so long as they sound spooky and look cool.Much of the gameplay is in keeping with that same ongoing trend: stupendous ideas, lame execution. Probably the most unique element of the game is its "fright meter," which slowly drains as the on-screen individual sees freakier and freakier things. I know I'd be a little weirded out if a rotting hunk of meat and bones suddenly climbed out of the wall and started lurching toward me... we're conditioned to expect our heroes to immediately continue their quest without missing a beat, so it adds a new dimension to the proceedings when you realize that video game characters can get scared, too. If your fright meter gets too low, you'll even start to experience some hallucinations and so-called "horror effects," which are a real blast and range from the minute to the absurdly out of place. Sometimes you'll see something moving in the corner of the room, other times you'll actually foresee your own death, but the hallucinations will always subside at some point. They don't move the plot along, like the amusing asides in the original Metal Gear Solid did, and only seem to exist to provide a few extra "holy crap" heart-skipping moments. Which is par for the course with a horror game, I'll concede.Gameplay in general is fairly slow-paced and monotonous, with few action-heavy sequences and a whole lot of aimless wandering and exploring. Even the boss battles are usually relegated to long sessions of striking, wandering around avoiding attacks for a few minutes, and then striking again... like a hilariously slow chase scene. For a game that's so overflowing with narrow corridors, doorways and exquisite surroundings, you'd think that collision detection with the walls wouldn't be such a handicap, but in Darkness it quickly becomes your worst enemy. If your weapon should happen to strike a wall in mid swing, your character will immediately halt their attack and stumble backwards for a few moments, giving your enemies all the time they need to tear you to pieces. Attempting to fight a single enemy in a hallway is often like threading a needle: you'll miss half a dozen times before you get it right.In the same vein as the Resident Evil series, the teenaged bonding moments that are used to fill out a blockbuster horror film are replaced here with a series of riddles, puzzles and tricks. I expected as much, but couldn't have anticipated how easy and linear most of Darkness's riddles really are. With only a few exceptions, every item is miraculously found just before it's needed, to the point that the pieces basically solve the game's problems for you. If you find a statue, chances are good you'll find a peculiar, statue-shaped hole in the next room.Eternal Darkness' visuals have aged even worse than the rest of the title, and I'm not entirely sure they were ever really up to snuff. Sure, there's always the argument that these graphics were "stunning when they first came out," but I didn't play this game when it was first released, and even though it's just four years old, today they look extremely shoddy. Human skin textures are particularly bad and lumpy, but even the environments and items suffer from weak textures and a ragged, blocky basic structure. The one exception to this rule is with the creatures themselves, which are all brilliantly designed and extremely well-executed. I'd compare the lot of them to most of the bad guys in Silent Hill and perhaps the most gruesome baddies of Resident Evil. It hurts just to look at most of these guys, the way their flesh seems to stretch and strain to withhold the ugliness that's going on underneath. The only thing I could wish for there is a wider taste of variety, since the rogue's list seen here is extremely shallow.Considering all that came before it, Darkness' audio is surprisingly well done. The Cube does everything in its power to deliver a solid surround-sound experience, and those effects come as close to accomplishing the spooky vibe these developers were obviously shooting for as any other aspect of the game.  Musically, the game's soundtrack is uneventful. It swells and sways as necessary, and occasionally gives a nice bit of mood to a location. It isn't repetitious, which is probably my greatest pet peeve about in-game music, and it doesn't get in the way, but it also doesn't stand out on its own. Let's put it this way: I wouldn't rush out to the stores to buy Eternal Darkness: The Original Symphonic Score. The voice acting in general is very good, with few exceptions, and though the dialog the actors are asked to deliver is usually stilted and unbelievable, they go beyond the call of duty to give their roles a personality and motivation that was sorely lacking in the script. Especially good are the noises, shallow screams and ambient ticks of the insanity effects, and each character's resulting reaction to them. While the same phrase is sometimes repeated at the conclusion of one of these sequences, it's not something that ever really bothered me and actually took steps to reveal the characters as more honest and true to life. If you're freaked out and seeing things in an unfamiliar mansion, I doubt the first thing to enter your mind is "come on, let's at least get a little variety into the dialog." You're going to scream the first thing that comes into your head, whether you've said it before or not.To summarize, this feels like a series of very good concepts that were just drawn too thin, which is odd because the game itself, clocking in around twelve hours, is fairly short. There were so many superb, imaginative concepts that died on the way to the screen here that it really became something of a sad theme for the whole picture. Whether it was the truly surprising insanity effects, the unique limb-targeting system or the original system of magic, no matter how good the idea, the execution was always killing the potential for me. Despite the lingering offering of replay value here (there's supposedly a super secret ending if you finish all three potential paths) I just didn't find myself motivated to go through it all again, especially considering how slow, plodding and ultimately dreary the majority of the actual gameplay was. Considering the amount of people that had pimped this game to me, and the incredible reputation it seems to have gathered in the years since, I found myself more than just a little disappointed. As a "must-have" title for the GameCube, Eternal Darkness is nothing but a major league let-down.
Anyone who hasn't played this game should rent it, play it, return it, and be done with it.  Crazy Taxi is one of Sega's more successful franchises, yet it's one of it's weakest.  Go figure.
Rogue Leader was the first game I played for the Nintendo Gamecube. Sadly, it was a poor choice. I own the original Rogue Squadron and I really enjoy the game, so I figured this would be a great first rental. Right from the start though, I was disappointed.The game starts with corny dancing Stormtroopers to some old time music holding up yellow squares to form the Lucas logo or something. Whaa? That kinda breaks the mood... but forgivable. Then I got to the menu screen... scenes from the movies played randomly in the background serving no apparent purpose, except maybe to give the developers less original work to do.When I finally got in game, being new to the Gamecube, I hit the training mission. I figured I'd learn about all the cool abilities of the various crafts and how to best fight the Empire. Instead, I'm "treated" to a empty field with random training icons floating. Most are completely useless, such as "press A to fire... Good Job!!" A few are truly retarted... "You found a Jabba's Palace... GOOD JOB!!". If I had that computer tell me 'good job' just one more time... I would have thrown my controller down right then and there. So, annoyed, I quit and headed for the first mission...Without any good explanation or reason, I'm suddenly fighting above the Death Star. Lasers are shooting everywhere, tie's are flying in every possible direction, and my wingmen are screaming at me for leadership. I liked it. I quickly pull up the targeting computer and take down a few ties. Then I order my wingmen to do the same, and set upon the mission's goals. It was a great mission, but random.Next mission, I'm in an asteroid field. How on earth did I get here? No... never mind... it looks gorgeous, who cares. I'm blasting stuff, having a unconvinced but good time. Sadly, this doesn't last until mission 3. By mission 3 I'm bored, the gorgeous graphics die down to just standard locations, and the missions are very tedious. By the later levels, it was so easy to mess up a small detail and have to start over I said forget it, no more.This game starts off with a major blast (if you avoid the training) and dies quickly from there. It doesn't get better, it just keeps going instead. If you can find it cheap, rent it for the first few levels alone. It'll be fun for a few days. That's only if you can find it cheap or borrow it from a friend. Don't buy this thing unless you're sure.- Rirath_com
This game is so stupid.It took me 3 weeks just to get to the third level.The challenge is too hard for a normal person and the missions are very tedious.I miss straight forward action shooters where the only mission you have to do is shoot other space fighters and beat the boss.That may sound simplistic but done right like in Star Fox its awesome.This game is really dumb.
Im sure in the dawn of next gen consoles this was the cream of the crop but nowadays we expect more. Im not talking about graphics, Im talking about gameplay. This game is waay too linear and boring. What really bugged me is the death star attack. Was luke,wedge,and biggs the only rebels fighting against the death star??? The attack on the death star was a huge battle, and so dire taht it the rebels lost theyd be as crewed as thai hooker. So why would only send three fighters to take care of a colossus weapon like the death star? Also, luke isnt such a good main character, he gets annoying after...around the second mission. So why does it get the two? because it works, you shot ti-fighters, and its star wars.
i would say 2 and a half, it was fun to play but boring only to have 1-player. Was disappointed in that.This kind of a game should have multiplayer always, otherwise unlocking eveything is just so less special.I woulda given it 4 stars if it would have been multiplayer.
After the N64's ultimate failure against the PSX many Nintendo fans (myself included) figured Nintendo would realize its errors and get back on the ball for this new wave of consoles. When the Gamecube was first announced it seemed that it would be a fierce competitor to the Xbox and the PS2. It had a nice variety of exclusive titles and sported a lower price than both other systems. Sadly over time, the majority of the exclusive titles went multiplatform.The Gamecube uses minidiscs instead of standard CD sized discs. This has its pros and cons. It gives GC games a faster loading time than the PS2 and Xbox but it prevents CDs and DVDs from being loaded into the tray. Minidiscs only hold 1.5gb of data while a standard DVD holds 4.9gb. This makes multiplatform games harder to put on the Cube since most games are around 3.5gb and the smaller size forces developers to cut out certain parts of a game in order to put it on the Cube. Now you know why you're seeing so many games that come out on both PS2 and Xbox but not the Cube. The choice to go with minidiscs ended up biting Nintendo in the butt just like their wild decision to use cartriges for the N64.As for the control design, the Cube's controller is pretty good. It looks awkward but is actually more comfortable than the Xbox controller. However, when it comes to controllers Sony has dominated that territory with its more simple, yet effective design.As for online gaming there isn't anything available other than Phantasy Star Online. A couple of years ago Nintendo stated that gamers didn't care about playing games online. They have since retracted that statement and ironically the Nintendo Revolution is expected to have online capabilities.As far as graphics go, the Gamecube has the edge over the PS2. The Gamecube is capable of Dreamcast quality rendering which the PS2 doesn't have and has 640x480 resolution like the Xbox and Dreamcast.The games department is where the Gamecube fails miserably. The Gamecube has a smaller library than the Xbox (even though they were launched around the same date) and the PS2's library trumps both systems. If you like lots of great fighting games, sports games, action games, or RPGs then look elsewhere. One can argue that there are some but for the past couple of years a lot of multiplatform games have just been passing over the Cube. Nintendo develops a fair amount of games itself for the system but the majority of the games are the same franchises that were around for the original NES in the 80s. Nintendo continually focuses on making Mario/Pokemon and other kiddie games for the Cube and continually ignores the tastes of adult gamers over the age of 18. Developers like Capcom, Sega, Square, and Namco have realized that the system sells poorly outside of Japan and are more reluctant to release exclusive titles for the Cube. As a result, many former Gamecube exclusives have jumped over to the Xbox and PS2. Over the past year the number of games being released on the Cube has dropped significantly. I hate to say it but it seems as if the system is already dying out and Nintendo's next-gen console isn't even close to being released yet.While it has better graphical capability than the PS2 and is more affordable than both other systems, the Gamecube has been crippled by its poor game library. I came up on the NES and SNES but with 2 failed systems in a row, I have to say that I will not purchase another Nintedo console. What really disappoints me is the fact that Nintendo just turned its back on the gamers who came up in the 80s and 90s (who made the NES/SNES sucessful) and continues to cater to the younger crowd.
After the N64's ultimate failure against the PSX many Nintendo fans (myself included) figured Nintendo would realize its errors and get back on the ball for this new wave of consoles.  When the Gamecube was first announced it seemed that it would be a fierce competitor to the Xbox and the PS2.  It had a nice variety of exclusive titles and sported a lower price than both other systems.  Sadly over time, the majority of the exclusive titles went multiplatform.The Gamecube uses minidiscs instead of standard CD sized discs.  This has its pros and cons.  It gives GC games a faster loading time than the PS2 and Xbox but it prevents CDs and DVDs from being loaded into the tray.  Minidiscs only hold 1.5gb of data while a standard DVD holds 4.9gb.  This makes multiplatform games harder to put on the Cube since most games are around 3.5gb and the smaller size forces developers to cut out certain parts of a game in order to put it on the Cube.  Now you know why you're seeing so many games that come out on both PS2 and Xbox but not the Cube.  The choice to go with minidiscs ended up biting Nintendo in the butt just like their wild decision to use cartriges for the N64.As for the control design, the Cube's controller is pretty good.  It looks awkward but is actually more comfortable than the Xbox controller.  However, when it comes to controllers Sony has dominated that territory with its more simple, yet effective design.As for online gaming there isn't anything available other than Phantasy Star Online.  A couple of years ago Nintendo stated that gamers didn't care about playing games online.  They have since retracted that statement and ironically the Nintendo Revolution is expected to have online capabilities.As far as graphics go, the Gamecube has the edge over the PS2.  The Gamecube is capable of Dreamcast quality rendering which the PS2 doesn't have and has 640x480 resolution like the Xbox and Dreamcast.The games department is where the Gamecube fails miserably.  The Gamecube has a smaller library than the Xbox (even though they were launched around the same date) and the PS2's library trumps both systems.  If you like lots of great fighting games, sports games, action games, or RPGs then look elsewhere.  One can argue that there are some but for the past couple of years a lot of multiplatform games have just been passing over the Cube.  Nintendo develops a fair amount of games itself for the system but the majority of the games are the same franchises that were around for the original NES in the 80s.  Nintendo continually focuses on making Mario/Pokemon and other kiddie games for the Cube and continually ignores the tastes of adult gamers over the age of 18.  Developers like Capcom, Sega, Square, and Namco have realized that the system sells poorly outside of Japan and are more reluctant to release exclusive titles for the Cube.  As a result, many former Gamecube exclusives have jumped over to the Xbox and PS2.  Over the past year the number of games being released on the Cube has dropped significantly.  I hate to say it but it seems as if the system is already dying out and Nintendo's next-gen console isn't even close to being released yet.While it has better graphical capability than the PS2 and is more affordable than both other systems, the Gamecube has been crippled by its poor game library.  I came up on the NES and SNES but with 2 failed systems in a row, I have to say that I will not purchase another Nintedo console.  What really disappoints me is the fact that Nintendo just turned its back on the gamers who came up in the 80s and 90s (who made the NES/SNES sucessful) and continues to cater to the younger crowd.
This costs way too much, it hold way too little, spend the extra for the 251 or whatever. This will run out immediately, especially with owning TH3, RE and Smash Bros. Melee.
Demo:After playing the Marine Demo, I see that Sierra has tried to follow Fox Interactive's initiative with a sequel to the game. The alien, the predator, and the marine are all there, with MORE. But when they added more they also took away. In AvP, when you were one of the species, the other species looked like they were made of similar graphics. In sierra's version, the marine was in full detail, complete with hacker's tool and shoulder lamp (which I like), but the aliens were weird little moving things and not as good as the original AvP, where the Alien looked like it was out of the movie. This game is from the creators of half-life and all those, so go figure._______________________________________________________Update:Full Game:But, it is a fun game, and long game-play due viewing the different storylines of 3 different playable species.The Predator: most fun of the 3 species to play, plenty of weapons, can jump really high (just like the movie, this was missing in Fox's version). Definitely gooood fun getting trophies, etc.Alien: very fast gameplay, and a lot of sneaking around and weird camera angles due to climbing all over the walls.Marine: very fun due to the weapons and tools and trying to help your buddies.The game saves as you go along, but you can also save whenever you want. (Kinda helps if there are facehuggers around).A def. positive of this game is the facehuggers don't spook the hell out of you by disappearing then wrapping around the monitor screen like in Fox's version. In this one you'll see/hear it leap towards your face.Definitely try this game out if you're an AvP fan. It stays true to the series/movies. Also try Primal Hunt for some more fun, it's a Mission Pack add-on that gives 3 more angles to the story. (Mercenary, Ancient Predator, Pred-Alien)
I enjoyed the prequel to this game and went out on a 59$ limb to get this one.  It took me several painfully long tries to get this game to install.  It seemed to like to crash my computer.  After a successful installation, I tried playing the game.  The graphics were great, but the voice acting was ABOMINABLE!  I realied more on the subtitles than the poor acting in this game.  Anyway, the game was decent when it worked.  AvP2 crashed my computer every 5 minutes.  There were times when I could play for up to an hour before it crashed, but it always sent me to the blue screen of no return. In case you may be wondering, I meet or exceed the system requirments suggested by the manufacturer.I finally beat the game and was met with a frustratingly anti-climactic ending sequence that left me feeling like I wasted my money on a broken game.  It is possible that the game was defective, but I wasnt going to waste my time with it. I'm sure if you get a working or updated copy, you will be impressed with good graphics and gameplay.  I still feel like playing as the alien.
When I heard that there would be an Obi-Wan game built in the vein of Jedi Knights I was so happy I bought an XBox. Well, I'm hitting myself pretty hard right now. While I will admit that XBox has had a very small handful of noteworthy titles my PS2 and GameCube have been giving me a lot more pleasure and good games to choose from. Obi-Wan stands as a testament to the type of over hyped garbage that the XBox has been pushing down a perhaps gullible consumer markets throat for almost a year now. To think that I bought the system for this game... Let me attack every aspect of it that is wrong.The graphics are Playstation 1 quality at best, granted running in high resolution, but the character models, frame rate and animation are all terrible. The control feels clumsy, the story is boring, and as an Obi-Wan fan I was more put off by the way they portrayed Obi-Wan than enthusiastic about it.The voice acting was terrible. The voice actors sounded nothing like their movie counterparts, and Obi-Wan came off as being very smug, and unlikable simply because of his voice alone. The sad part of this game is how great the game could have been if A) the graphics were more in touch with what the XBox CAN do, which is a lot more than this, B) the story and dialogue were a lot better, and C) the controls were not so clumsy and were a bit more precise. It is amazing to me that this game made it to the market like this. It was the reason I bought an XBox, it is a good thing I'm broke and could only afford to rent the game. Consumer beware! Rent this game before buying it!
Aside from some of the really cool things that you can do with the "force" and decent controls, everything else about this game... The graphics look out-dated and non-Xboxish and you fight the same monsters over and over and over and over again in a very repetitive game. The voice-acting and CG movies are just plain bad.Avoid this game -- get Halo instead.
Now don't get me wrong, when this came out I played the heck out of it and enjoyed it. It was a nice storyline and it was fun playing as Obi wan and killing enemies. Also the levels did have a nice variety to them. However I've realized in my older years there are more problems with this game then I realized. One the game just feels dated in terms of graphics and enemy behavior, two the controls aren't that great you could be running down a corridor but you could easily drift to the right, and also some levels really overwhelm you with enemies that you can't combat. Now if you enjoy it, hey enjoy it I just don't anymore.
I honestly do not see what everyone else does in this game. I bought it based on the all the tremendous hype it received. I was really excited about the game when I first played it, but within a week of installing it, I realized that it just wasn't all it was made up to be by all the hype.The world is expansive, yes. In fact, its overwhelming. The landscapes look great and the enviornmental and weather effects are amazing. The problem with this gigantic world is that it is sparsely populated. You only see signs of life when you go into towns or dungeons. Most of the time the wilderness is uninhabited. And that makes the game lonely. In fact, this game is like playing Ever Quests and other similar massive online games...except you are the only player. There is no one else. And that gets lonely. Why a multi-player option was not included is beyond comprehension.The character models are quite possibly the ugliest character models I have ever seen in a game. The faces are hideous, and all the models look deformed and blocky. This is not because of a system configuration (my computer running top of the line hardware), it is just horrible character design. Further adding to the feeling of repetition, there are only about 5 or 6 different faces per race, further split up between gender. So, with hundreds of NPC's in the game, you see the same faces repeated...ALOT. Not only are all the faces and character models virtually identical, but they all repeat the same text over and over. Although there is a long and involved story in the game, I could never follow it. I didn't find it interesting at all, and frankly, since every character said virtually the same thing, after a while I just found myself not really caring what NPC's said. I ignored them completely. That made the game utterly boring. Maybe its my own fault, but I honestly just got sick of reading the same text over and over from the repetetive NPCs.Creating your character is probably the only entertaining thing about this game. You have the option to pick a pre-existing class, have a custom class created for you by answering questions, or creating your very own class, mixing any abilities that you wish. There are multiple races to choose from, each having unique abilities that set them apart from one another. Picking your appearence is pointless, simply because there aren't many choices, and they all look the same. Plus, you'll see whatever face you pick for yourself repeated over and over in the game on the NPCs, as I mentioned earlier.Upping your skills in the game is simple enough, though it takes hours and hours. If you have the time--and high boredom threshold--you could stand in one spot using your skills over and over and get them up. Using your skills over and over is the only way to advance them, and until you find heavy combat areas, you wont advance much at all.Despite the amazing environmental graphics and weather effects, great ambient sound and sense of exploration, Morrowind just doesn't really cut it. I found the music to be repetetive and dull. There is alot to do in the game, but quests just seem so empty. Of the few quests that I did, I never once got a feeling of satisfaction upon completion. In the end it just felt like more mundane tasks to do, and that made it boring.The heavily touted World Editor allows you to do all types of things, editing almost anything about the game.  You could build your very own world if you had the time and patience.  Oh, and did I mention you need a degree in Quantum Physics to even comprehend how complex the editor is?  Only die-hard, heavily devoted users who would forsake everything else in their life and spend countless hours, days, even weeks trying to learn and master the editor should bother with it.  It is definitely not for the casual editor, or someone with a remote interest in tinkering with the game.If you have countless hours to devote to this game, then you might find it enjoyable. Frankly, I just do not have the time or patience to devote to the game...and it quite simply does not live up in any way to the tremendous hype it received. If the game DID live up to its hype, then I would enjoy it...then I would find the time to devote to this game. In the end, I found it to be nothing more than a repetetive, boring, and dreary gameplay experience. Morrowind should only be played by fanatic, hardcore RPG players. Casual gamers should stay away.
Now that was a good game.  It had decent music, decent graphics for its time, and the characters you chose looked beautiful.  This is so so in my opinion, as it is not enough better from what I've seen to warrant an overhaul of your machine (you need a Pentium 3 or more, a dvd-rom, and everything else to work well; Daggerfall ran on WIndows 95/98).  I managed to get it to run even without the dvd-rom, but I wasn't really impressed.  That all considered, the controls are harder to maneuver (since I didn't have a manual, I had a tough time figuring out how to talk to people), and they scrapped the default design from Daggerfall, so you have to move forward using alphanumerics instead of cursor keys.  If you have a manual, and you have the specifications, it might be worth your while.  Given the choice, though, I'd rather purchase Daggerfall again. I just found out that even though XP generally forbids Daggerfall, if you are unlucky enough to have XP and not have capacity to run Morrowind, go type in Daggerfall XP patch into the search engine to reconfigure the system. I think the deal is that it's illegal to have both on your computer, so if you have Morrowind capacity (I hate you), you shouldn't install this patch.
This was my first attempt at the horror genre. The game is certainly creepy, and has some great scenes, but I didn't find it captivating at all. The game was just too slow. The plot was on the corny side, but it had a few nice surprises. I think the biggest problem was that you couldn't just spend an hour here and there for this game. It required large chunks of time to really get into it. Too bad, because it looked like it had potential.
boring, boring, boring, so, so, boring.  I'm not even sure this is a game, there is no action and when there is action it's crap, for every minute of game play you have to sit through about 20min of a really bad movie.1) story sucks2) game play sucks [because there is none]3) characters suck4) cut scene's are DULL, IRRELEVANT AND YOU CAN'T SKIP THROUGH THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When I got this game I was really up for it. I was in the middle of FFXII, buit decided to start on FFX. I had started to play it on my nephew's system a year or so ago. Anyway, I ended up with a PS2 and decided to get my own copy and start over. The graphics were 5 star as was the storyline. The design was poor. It was over balanced in so far as the number of battles. You could barely move without getting into another tussle. You start to walk up and talk to someone or get ready to open a chest and another battle. After about 49 Hrs. of this, I finally gave it up and took the thing to the used game store. My nephew, who lives to do battle, said it was way too much for him and it slowed down to a crawl. I ended up with 48:50 in the game and I was in the main corridor of the Al Bhed place. I couldn't move forward because of one battle after another. By this time the game had quit being fun and enjoyable. That was almost 49 Hrs. invested for nothing (it went to the used game store). Again, had they balanced out the game between moving the story along and the occasional battle/boss battle, it would have been enjoyable. Bottom line is that this game is heavily loaded with constant battles with hardly any down time in between. Great Concept, poor execution. Charlie S. Richmond Va.
I was very hyped to try this game out. When I did, I was blown away at first, but as I progressed through the game I realized how slow and boring it is. The voice acting is ok at times, but terrible at most. The story is emotional, but the voice actors just couldn't add that to the game's characters. Which is a shame. I'd rather read the dialogue like in the previous FF games.
Wow, was this game a waste of time. Watching my brother play it, I didn't think it looked all that great, but the music was catchy and the battle system looked interesting so I bought it...WHAT A MISTAKE THAT WAS......Well, the music is allright at times, but only at few certain times. Most of the time it is standard at best, and that's the games high point, along with graphics of course.I won't lie, the graphics are great, but who cares about graphics in an RPG? I dont... The storyline was where the horror all started...Blitzball? Please...couldn't they have come up with anything better? This game is a prime example that SquareSoft (now "Square Enix") is horribly running out of ideas and is seeking the road of desperation. Surprisingly, this game is made by the team who made 8, which is amazing. I mean, 8 is my favorite FF game next to 6, and I cant believe that team made such a horrid RPG. Sure, there are similarities, such as realistic characters and a story that is more involving of the characters themselves, but come'n, FFX is a tragedy. The worst part of the game, the part that killed it for me, was the Sphere Grid. Oh man, where do I start? Basically, you sit there for long periods of time moving a cursor around this big dark grey/blue "sphere grid". It is incredibly boring, making you constantly click on different "nodes" and move there, and then use certain items to gain abilities. And what happened to leveling up? I guess the geniuses decided to take that out as well. It is really pointless, because now EXP is taken place by AP, which is a substitute in disguise. Battling seems much more tedious now, and you never truly feel that your characters are getting better, especially when you consider how long it takes to master this game. The sphere grid is just TOO big, and too boring. If I wanted to be bored I would play Mist or Halo, or some other computer game. It was cool to be able to play as summons, I will give them that, but when its better playing as a summon than the actual character you know something has got to be wrong...Just avoid this game at all costs, unless you want to waste a bunch of your life moving a cursor around a sphere grid...
ps 2  well its going to ps 3  revamped  but the story is fast its mostly long beocuse of the required long  fights  while  not  movong  closer to the end
well, there were great graphics, the plot was cheesy, the characters were idiots and the game play was horrible. I'm sorry but I couldn't stand this game. the further I got the more I grew to hate it. You do all this reapetitive fighting to get to maybe a few seconds of great graphics. they liked to talk to lot to. I guess that's what role playing games do, but these characters were just so dumb. So if you haven't gotten this game and don't know why you haven't, now you know.
With a hugely absorbing plot and some beautifully-executed, long-overdue in-game enhancements, 'Final Fantasy X' ought to have been the standard-bearing Mega-Game that we all expected it to be.Sadly, thanks in no small part to a VERY limiting control system and very little room for gameplay freedom, FF X instead descends into the Bargain Bin of Pretty Games Sans Substance.Players control a young man named Tidus, a blond-haired juvenile-voiced Blitzball player, who, after his city is attacked by an evil force called Sin, his guardian Auran takes him to another world to uncover his heritage and save the universe from Sin. From there you get to recruit bigger and better players and there is, as always, a multitude of nice extras and side-quests that. in theory, add colour and excitement to the game.First, the good points. The graphics are astounding, with large, beautifully-detailed characters and bad guys maintaining a very impressive frame-rate on-screen. Music is fairly standard FF fare, stirring battle tunes and o-so-sweet ballady tracks adding much atmosphere to the proceedings. The voice acting has been unfairly criticised, it's good, and a hugely welcome change from endless reams of text to wade through. It's also easier to remember plot points when you hear them, and there's no danger of skipping over them with a Cancel button. However, this is customisable, and you can have the audio with or without subtitles.The plot, on paper, is one of the best FF plots around - detailed and complex, without being confusing, it's the stuff of solid games legends.Unfortunately, though, none of these points can save FF X from the in-game mechanics, and this is where FF X fails badly. The shrines and cityscapes of FF X are beautifuly detailed and bear exploring, and the fact that one can learn the language of Al Bhed are excellent points, both worthy of exploring at one's leisure. However, thanks to the hugely restrictive game-on-rails nature of FF X, it's oftentimes impossible to go where you want to go, or to prepare for the bigger battles. This affects the storyline, too, as major events for the first part of the game are few and far between, and so fighting beasties to build up your levels becomes such a chore.Plodding along, you very quickly get a sense of not having much to do with the game itself, that you're just there to watch events unfold and press the X button intermittently. And for some gamers, that's fine, but aftermagnificent titles like FF VII and FF IX, it's not really good enough for a FF sequel. Also, Blitzball is possibly one of the most over-complicated side quests ever, really worthy of being a game in itself.A disappointment that could so very easily have been an unequivocal classic, FF X is really a rent-before-you-buy title.
Spider-Man is a stupid game. It is really boring and hard. Dont buy it unles you love Spider-Man. The controls are horrible too. I hate this game.
right off the bat, you see the main problem is the crappy controls. also the fighting feels like some cheap double dragon rip-off. i didn't get very far in this, because there are just so many better options out there.
When I originally played this game, I remember thinking how badly it sucked, and how horrible the controls were. However, over time I told myself, how I must have been mistaken. How could the game be as bad as I remember it, when everyone in the gaming community loved this game to pieces! Clearly, I was mistaken! Years have passed, and I never broke it out again, until now!First, let me just say, that for an early PS2 game release, the graphics are astounding! It&#8217;s has lens flares, and isn&#8217;t even very choppy, which is unusual for a PS2 game as well. Overall, in terms of graphics, this game was incredible! True, the models weren&#8217;t that great, but they were passable.The sound was great! How could it not be? Tobey Maguire and Willem Dafoe lend their voice talents to the game, to help give it that authentic spidey movie feel. Then, as if that wasn&#8217;t enough, they tossed in Bruce Campbell as the Narrator/tour guide, just to bump the game up to cult status. The music and sound effects were brilliant, and quite realistic. However, it was slightly dated, but again, I can&#8217;t stress this enough: It&#8217;s from the PS2 and is 10 years old!That was the good stuff.The controls were just as bad as I remember. I mean horrible! However, it should be noted, that most games released during that video game era had horrible controls. Still, this is worse than most of those. It could have been a much smoother experience, especially since the PS2 controller is virtually identical to the PS3 controller. I see no reason, why they couldn&#8217;t take the time to make a smooth control scheme like games have today!In terms of difficulty, it wasn&#8217;t as hard as I remember it being, however the game is by no means a cakewalk. It is difficult, and at time frustratingly so, although I feel a lot of that has to do with the controls. I can&#8217;t begin to tell you how many times I would find myself stuck to a wall, clinging there, while being shot at.Still, the game has some level of fun factor, especially if you are an avid spidey fan, and with the new spider-man reboot being out, it might be fun to flash back to the original.
Spiderman is sooo whimpy in this game. I wonder if the people who made this game know that in the comics Spiderman can bench press TEN TONS!!! You have to beat on a simple crook several times to get him to go down. That is so unlike Spiderman that it's absurd. What's worse, the bad guys often come at you in large groups, making them almost impossible to defeat.Each level gets progressivly more difficult, and more frustrating. I finally reached one level that had tons of traps and robots...I can't get any farther. That was the first day I had the game. I would strongly suggest renting this one instead of buying it if you must try it.
Sonic just isn't the same in 3D, and this game proves it.  When you control sonic the game is fun, but you are not given the option to be sonic the whole game and you end up going on tedious and annoying treasure hunts with knuckles, and terrible mech action with tails.  With Sonic being the sole character the game would have been a lot better but even still the series just isn't as entertaining in a 3d world.
Sonic A2B is a mediocre game, plain and simple.___Pros___Fun 2 playerSome fun levels___Cons___Average graphicsBad cameraAwful voice actingNo four player racingTerrible storyI wish that Sega would get it throught there heads. Sonic is not a 3-d game. I loved it back when it was a classic 16-bit Genisis game. If they could make a 2-d sonic with Gamecube quality graphics, it would rock. Oh, and take out that chao garbage. It is not fun. In fact that is what gave the game a 2/5 instead of a 3/5. Get sonic for the Gameboy. That is a truly fun experiance.
What a terrible game. The whole point of this game is to loot stores and cause chaos without getting caught or killed. There seemed to be a lot of hype surrounding this game because of its violent nature but that died down when people realized that it was boring. There's only so many times you want to do the same thing over and over. Don't bother with this game.
After playing and thoroughly enjoying GTA3 by Rock Star I was looking forward to another game that played similar.  I thought that SOE was going to be a similar type game to GTA3, except with the feature of total destruction of your surroundings and with hundreds of people on the screen at once.  And I was right to an extent.  You can destroy your surroundings in SOE, and there are loads of people on the screen at once, but it didn't have the same zeal that GTA3 had.  SOE played kind of like a Final Fight type game or something. Run around punching and kicking, blowing stuff up, which I know sounds like fun, but it gets old real fast.Now I realize that my expectations were VERY high after GTA3, maybe way too high to be honest. I guess I figured that this game was going to be like GTA3, except with lots of people on the screen and with the ability to destroy your surroundings. What I got when I put it in was a cartoony free-for-all fight. Sure there are missions to perform, but they seemed uninspired and got boring pretty quickly.Sure the game is violent, but it's got a cartoony type violence to it. The characters in the game are colorful but not realistic. And this may be another aspect that I was expecting to be more like GTA3, which had a more realistic look and feel to it.  Not to say that aspect of the game was bad, just not really my style.Now I realize that this game is not GTA3, even though I was hoping that it would be just like it. It's just that the game was not what I was expecting at all. Again, I was thinking that it would at least be similar to GTA3, except with lots of people on the screen at once. Which is another thing about the game. Sure it's kind of neat to see that many people on the screen at once, but after a while it gets a bit annoying. Where are all these people going anyways? They just run around and act hysterical, doesn't make much sense. But it's a video game and I suppose it doesn't have to make sense.For people that plan on buying SOE on the strength of how good GTA3 is, I would say don't.  It's not the same game, or even close in my opinion.  I would recommend renting it first and see if it's your type of game.  I imagine that some will really like the game, I just know it wasn't for me.Well the good thing I did do was trade the game in for Maximo: Ghosts to Glory and so far I have been real happy with that decision. I should have got Maximo to begin with, but live and learn I guess.
When I first heard about this game in late 2001/early 2002, I was pretty stoked. I mean, it was from Rockstar Games (the people who brought us the almighty GTA series), and it was about RIOTING. I figured, it would be like GTA3 (Vice City wasn't out at the time, remember?), and I could riot and cause all kinds of damage to a town! SWEET!Well, I bought the game, and for the first ten minutes, I loved it. Then, it got a little boring. The next day, I started actually doing missions in Revolution Mode. Boy, talk about repetitive. No spoken dialogue, no real variety, etc. Hell, some of them weren't even that fun. And some were just plain flat-out IMPOSSIBLE. Take one mission (please note that this one happens pretty early in the game): it is your duty to protect some guy while he goes into a jewelry store (something about a bomb, I don't remember). Sounds easy, right? Heh heh. WRONG!!!!!!! About 30 different guys start swarming the entrance, and if even ONE gets in, MISSION FAILED. :-( My Dualshock 2 controller is now slightly dinged thanks to that mission.The Chaos Mode was a little better, though, and keeps me from giving this game the dreaded lone-star review. In this one, you could just go completely crazy and destroy stuff. But even this mode has its faults. For instance, 3/4 of the time, you get a significant amount of points taken off if you kill ANY civilian. HUH?!? And even without it, the game gets quite boring.I ended up selling this game to [a video game store] for a lousy $2 store credit card that got ruined because I left it in my pants pocket and it went through the wash and I had to throw it away. (No big loss.) I really wanted to like this game, but it's just not that good. Save your money and just stick with the GTA series if it's violence you're after.Or, of course, you could just give me a billion &quot;Not Helpful&quot; votes.
Yup. But it is good at wearing out your thumb. I can imagine how many people will want to buy this game, given that rockstar made the great GTA3. Just don't let the name fool you - this game is just a lot of headache... There's way too much going on on the screen at one time, and it's near impossible to concentrate on the game hero. The game is basically a specialized gta3 (centered on beating people up and breaking things), except it's nowhere near as realistic (you can run straight through people, and the amount of detail is miniscule, compared to gta3).Overall, I strongly recommend renting this game first. Once you do, I'm quite sure you won't want to buy it. Everyone is everywhere at once, and you will find yourself jamming the buttons mindlessly.
This game has a lot going against it.  If the mass media gets a hold of this game like they did GTA3, there will no doubt be a collective outcry from parents groups, conservatives and other general naysayers with a microphone and an opinion.  Unfortunately, I don't think this game is good enough to warrant that kind of attention.Like a lot of people, I was really looking forward to this game.  While I don't own GTA3 (I'm waiting for the Xbox version) I have lots of friends who do, and I have to admit it's a fantastic game.  It's huge open-ended, versatile and has that nihilistic charm that truly makes it a guilty pleasure.  Unfortunately, SoE, has all the nihilism and little of the charm.Everyone has wanted to fight the power and stick it to the man at least once in their lives, and for that primal urge, this game does provide a welcome catharsis.  It is fun to run around in Chaos mode with wild abandon, beating people down, smashing windows and blowing stuff up, but eventually you have to take in the fact that the graphics are really shoddy (I'm assuming with the huge crowd constantly in circulation, the developers had to sacrifice quality) and the gameplay is really monotonous.  I have to say the biggest flaw of all is the lack of multiplayer.  This could have really been a saving grace for the game.  The whole idea of mob mentality is COMPLETELY LOST in a single player game. It seems so obvious to me that I have to wonder what the developers were thinking.  It's the difference between anarchy and stupidity.Also, I hate to sound like one of the groups I was kind of shelling earlier, but the mindless violence concept of this game seems a lot less fun in a post-911 world. I'm definitely an anti-censorship kinda guy, but anyone buying this game for their young kid should question their skills as a parent. It's made for mature audiences and only us old guys need apply (though once you start playing the game I doubt you'll feel very &quot;mature&quot;)  I think I would have enjoyed this game much better a year ago.I also might have liked this game better as a rental, but lack of a rental outlet where I live means I get burned more than I'd lke to admit. If you can rent this game and feel the absolute need to satisfy your curiosity RENT, DON'T BUY.  Take that one piece of advice above anything else I've written here.  If you find that it's a must own, then you can go shell out your $ with perfect confidence.
I have had this game for months now, and I will say that in the beginning it was sickly entertaining.  The game made me laugh more than anything.  But, after about a month it got really old and somewhat boring.  The game is a great one to rent and then forget about it.  The replay value on it is horribly low...maybe even in the negatives.
I went and picked up a copy of State of Emergency when it was released yesterday and boy was I disapointed. I was very psyched to get this game as I've been reading previews of it for months on the web and all the hype about it has been nothing but good. But this game is a definete waste of money. First of all, the graphics are sub par and the camera angle can be very annoying at times. The controls are ok, but you can only hold one weapon at a time. The thing that made me the most mad was the actual game. The game comes off immature and childish. The "missions" are not fun and just plain annoying and the user interface is confusing as hell. I am a very big fan of GTA3 and this game can't hold a candle to it. I think they should have taken themselves a little more seriously when making this game. I returned the game today and picked up Drakan: Ancients' Gates and that game is awesome.2 stars for a good attempt at a storyline and the fun factor of whooping everyone's butt with multiple weapons, but gets very old very quick. Stay away and make it a renter.
State of Emergency was released the spring after Grand Theft Auto III became a national obsession.  Published by the same company (Rockstar - but developed by now out-of-business developer VIS) the game successfully cashed-in on Grand Theft Auto's success.  Featuring similar ultra-violent, mission based gameplay, State of Emergency actually plays nothing like GTA.The game takes place during massive riots, (the game's claim to fame being the more than one hundred characters on screen at once), and you play as one of a number of characters rebelling against The Corporation.  There are three levels each featuring about fifty missions to complete amidst the chaos.  Trouble is, the missions are all mindless and repetitive, and are virtually all just a slight variation on a basic formula: you'll either be sent to kill a target, sent to protect a target and/or escort him or her somewhere else, or you'll be sent to destroy a building, car, or area.  The missions are fun for a short while, but once you realize you're just performing the same task over and over again, it quickly grows tired.Some of the minigames are fun, however, and rather than being mission based, they are generally based on time and points - you'll kill people or destroy property while collecting extra time from downed enemies while racing against the clock, and you'll keep coming back for more trying to beat your best score.The gameplay, however, is still simple and boring; just a 3-D beat-em-up, with a few attack buttons and a handful of weapons to wield (though the ability to pick up some smaller objects floating around each level, like benches, is a welcome feature).  And yes, it is an ultraviolent game, despite the cartoonish visuals.  Blood sprays realistically as you fire in to crowds, taking down innocent civilians; pink blobs (guts) pop out when people are shot, limbs and heads come off (you can wield them as weapons, in fact)...  it's all mindless and gimmicky.Sure, it's really cheap these days, and if you're really interetsed I'd say go for it, but it really isn't even worth a rental.
I checked out this game, because (probably like the majority), the makers of the of the greatest games of all made it. "State of Emergency" STRONGELY dissappointed me. The levels, well... actully, I can't tell if they're all the same or not because I've only played the first for about a half an hour and got bored. But, the level itself was pretty dull. The only cool feature was the civilains (the many, many civilians) running around for you to chase or shoot at or whatever when you're bored (pretty much always). You find weapons on the ground, ranging from night-sticks to uzis to bazookas, to use on your enemies, who, as well, have a wide variety of weapons as well. This may sound fun, but it's not. You quickly grow weary of running around for people who want you to kill a certain security guard or steal diamons, ect., and the coolness of the civialians running around gets very annoying, especially when they get in your way when you're trying to shoot a bad guy, and end up wasting ammo on them. I don't recommend BUYING this game to (pretty musch) anyone, but, if you must, a quick 1-week rental would be enough. That's all.
This game was pretty disappointing.  I was waiting for this game.[...] and now that I have it I am like what was I so excited for? The game is fun for about an hour but then you have the missions which are frustrating and a little annoying since you can't access all the characters immediately, you have to beat the missions which are too difficult for their time.  I have more fun and got farther playing Gundam: Zeonic Front which I must say is a much better game.I liked GTA3, best game ever and the missions though difficult were fun. Plus you had the freedom of roaming the parts of Liberty City and little side missions to improve your skills.  In State of Emergency there are no side missions, KAOS mode is still limiting, there's no sense of freedom as in GTA3 which was a way better game.State of Emergency is something Rockstar ought to have kept to themselves.  I look forward to another game as violent and free roaming as GTA3 but State of Emergency just played with my emotions.
This game is cool when you see everyone running around.  It's kind of funny.  But this gets old real quick.  You end up doing the same thing over and over.  All the people running around are the same thing over and over.  Rockstar is an excellent game producer with GTA under its belt and Vice City.  But this is the WORST of all the games they ever made.  I'm sure San Andres will be Awesome but SOE SUCKS!  Sorry.
The Xbox never impressed me, and this is one of many games that shows me why the system was so weak:The game is pretty awful, overall.  The music is terrible.  It's just a bunch of techno beats that we've all heard from better games.  COUNTLESS other games, in fact.  The game gets boring really fast.  Skating around the same people all the time is pretty boring.  Skip this game.
this game is okay at first, but then it gets boring. i thought that it would be alright (i must have been kidding myself!). i am up for the new challenges (but not this...). i can't see how this game gets such a high rating...i think it is for kids honestly. i am a kid-at-heart, but i couldn't take this...skating game.i just hope "they" don't make anymore sequels, they should be doneI KNOW I AM!!!!!RATED TWO BECAUSE SHADED GRAPHICS ARE COOL!
Homer Simpson would have one thing to say about this game: &quot;Boooorrring&quot;Wreckless offers stunning graphics, but very little in the way of gameplay.  It is a good demonstration of XBox technology and very little else.The game centers around a set of missions that put you against the Japanese mafia.  The missions involve racing around a city and usually involve destroying something using your car (other cars, dim sum stands, etc).  Missions are timed and you must complete sets of missions to advance.  Completing missions unlocks new cars as well.  All in all, the missions are diverse but aren't interesting enough to keep you playing.The cars themselves aren't particularly easy to drive.  They tend to have a lot of oversteer, meaning it is very easy to loose control of the back of the car.  Weaving in and out of traffic at high speed is almost impossible with some of the vehicles.  A bit of understeer and better sliding ability would make the driving aspect of the game much more enjoyable.The major upside to this game are the graphics.  They are just amazing.  It is worth renting this game just for a few days of eye candy.Also, the destructability of the city is very impressive.  You can drive just about anywhere and hit anything, with all objects reacting just the way you would expect.  At the end of a mission you'll find you've leave the streets in turmoil .. :)
Wreckless cooly shows off the graphic power of the Xbox.  The rendering of a stylized Hong Kong looks just gorgeous.  The framerate is also good, and there is a lot of action.  But the controls are a big letdown and makes the action a moot point at times.  For some reason I have a lot of trouble making simply left and right turns, and when I try to powerslide I more often than not slam into a wall -- mind you that I thought I was pretty good at playing Project Gotham.  The cars also flop too easily, and you can get stuck occasionally due to what looks like a bug.  Very frustrating.  At best a rental title.
this game was predicted to be one of the reasons to buy an Xbox but unfortunately that prediction was way off. The graphics are great, i can't deny that but the game is too short and repetitive. I finished my friend's game in a few days and it was good while it lasted but now that it's over i won't return to it. But a longer and larger sequel could be a great game..I'm not just saying these negative things about this Xbox game because i am a nintendo fan but this is just a bit poor..If u want good games for Xbox buy Halo/Dead or Alive 3
let's see, this game was made about 5 years ago.. maybe then, it was considered great, but now?  nope!  call of duty 1 for PC was way way better than this.  no thanks.
For the past couple of years I've watched Electronic Arts, formerly one of the most reliable game companies on the scene, squander its reputation with game after game filled with relentless B.S.  I gave it another shot with Medal of Honor Frontline, because it was part of the franchise I'd played for a long time and I thought, how bad could it be?I should have remembered that the last two Medal of Honors I've played, Spearhead (for PC) and Infiltrator (for Gameboy Advance), both sucked.  Frontline was the first time since Medal of Honor Underground that I played this game on a console.  It should have felt like home -- instead, it felt like I was playing Spearhead without a mouse.  What caused them to mess up the control scheme so badly, I can't tell.  But now your character aims blindly thanks to a touchy-feely right analog stick.  I've had to do much more minute aiming adjustments in Syphon Filter:  The Omega Strain, targeting distant enemies in the head, and I found it even harder here, though the enemy is just several steps away from me.  From the first level, I bumbled about blindly because foolishly, the game designers now rely mostly on sound to let you know where to go.  Not that bad a thing, except they botched the sound mix.  Rule of thumb in sound mixing:  Music and effects should never, never drown out dialogue.  Here, your superiors' instructions are neatly covered up in the gunfire, overloud music, and ambience.  From the beginning, I had to run around the beach while under enemy fire, looking for scattered teammates who were supposed to be yelling and waving at me to reach them.  Well, I can't hear them, and since there's no radar, I had to rely on blind luck to find them.  A very dumb flaw, easily fixable, but neglected.  Did they actually *test* this thing on real players?As with 90 per cent of games these days, the lighting looks good, and the music is great.  But once again, this game qualifies as a good-looking, good-sounding product that flunks its grade on mechanics.  I don't feel like I'm in control of my character.  Nothing is more of a drag than that.  I should've listened to my instinct and passed on this one.  I regret even the reduced price I'd paid for it .  Medal of Honor and Medal of Honor Underground were such classics, it's baffling how EA managed to botch it all up.
I dislike this game... the only good level is the storming the beach level...very intense...but after i played call of duty..it left me wishing call of duty made a storming the beacxh level...can u imagen?..call of duty is a far superior wwII game..this is way too linear..and in war u dont fight all by ur lonesome...ur surronded by men a lot..this game is too linear..follow the path shoot shoot..and it would be ok...but i found myself getting incredibly frustrated.. i get frustrated with a lot of games but if it frustrates to tyhe point where i just say "screw it" and sell it...its bad..im not a great gamer...i suck at games, ill admit...but still
If you have access to a half decent computer than don't even bother getting the PS2 version of this game. Allied Assault is so much more entertaining than Frontline, it's not even funny. I turned Frontline off in 20 minutes and played Allied Assault instead. Not only does Allied Assault have single player action, but online multiplayer, which the PS2 version does not have. Get Allied Assault on PC, and forget this one.
I really wanted this game so I bought it and was initialy impressed.  However, the action is mild, and wears off fast, and the camera is only ok.  In general, it's not that good of a game, even though it was criticaly acclaimed.  It's a RTS game with little action and no ability to play the adventure with your own characters.  Overall, forget it.  It's no fun.
Ok, let me start by saying that this game looks good. The ghosts and the mansion look very creepy. Reminding me of Silent Hill 2 (which I liked). They definetly achieve making you a little jumpy and just pretty much designing a scary atmosphere. So kudos to them for that. (Hence my 2 stars)The gameplay however is terrible. The character's movement is slow and annoying. And her weapon...an antique camera!! Who is the genius that came up with this one. Not only is it a bad idea but they don't even pull it off. Making it very hard to fight ghosts and needlessly tedious.Overall, I give this game 2 stars for the graphics and for the spooky environment. But the gameplay and overall game get zip. If you're really that interested in the idea of this game, then rent it. Don't buy it or you will regret it.
Blizzard's latest game, WarCraft III, has the momentum to make it one of this year's best selling games; however momentum does not equate to great gameplay.  The idea to take Diablo II and WarCraft, two extremely playable games, and meld them together to form a hybrid seems like an excellent concept.  The problem is that you get the worst of both worlds.  The tedious resource gathering aspect of WarCraft and the micromanagement associated with D2 when you hire a henchman.The graphics requirements are too high for what you get.  Compared to the graphics usage done by games like Neverwinter Nights, WC3 looks like it was written for Nintendo 64.  Blizzard should have stuck with 2D graphics like in StarCraft instead of attempting to utilize 3D.  Make sure your video card can support the game before making the purchase.  Although listed as supported, my Compaq n600c ATI Radeon Mobility video card would not run the game. Note that this card runs NWN, Half-life, and Wolfenstein just fine, all of which make much more use of 3D than this game ever will.  Voodoo 3 cards can run the game, but I found many screen artifacts.Gameplay is repetitive with little strategy.  In the single player mission, there is more cinematic than gameplay.  OK if you want to watch a movie.  Not OK if you want to play a game.Save your money, or spend your cash on a better game like Neverwinter Nights, because this one is a dud.
Campaign mode:Is the best of the game. The graphics are awesome, evenbetter of the own WoW.The campaign explains to you many things of the warcraft universe.Custom game:One downside the 4 races may seem unbalanced.You need experience in RTS games to win a match,if you are new to RTS games, be ready for a lot of defeats.
First man to rush wins. 12 minute games (MaX).  This would have been a great game two years ago.  Certainly not worth the 60 bucks.  All your paying for right now is HYPE.
I played this game at an online convention.  The food limit was 100, and I had thought this would be reasonable anyway, it wasn't, as I spent about 10 or so workers trying to build up resources, as normally, gold is gathered at +10 per few seconds, and +5 wood per.  Come on! Then most major processes seemed to be a one-at-a-time deal making it take forever to build new buildings, learn new skills, and even just making troops leaving me open to attack.  What really bugged me though was two things: first, you can't gather without your base creating a catch 22 where if it is destroyed you need a base to gain materials to build a new base.  The second is the way food is gathered and done.  It's counterintuitive.  Rather than hunting down critters and expending resources, making food decrease when you breed critters(thereby allowing more troops) you have to operate within a very artificial limit.  And it doesn't seem any way you can dismiss your characters, nor does there seem to be a way to convert (*cough* useless *cough*) workers into fighters, so you have 10 workers hanging about which should be 3-5 fighters. It is an overhyped, overrated game as most of the major problems are addressed in Age of Empires/Myth games (the food, the workers could at least fight, and if your base is destroyed, you just die rather than be humiliated by not having the resources) or the Heroes of Might and Magic games (your hero that uses magic is actually leader of troops rather than someone who just gets killed off along with the rest, and they have wider selection of spells to boot).
yaaa, i dont....fighting games dont entertain me for long...probaly because i never have anybody to play them with..i played this game by myself but could never figure out how to work the ai thingy...i tryed and tryed..never could figure it out...
My initial reaction to this game was that of annoyance - I wanted to start playing, but couldn't, because I had to wade through several minutes of unnecessary speech. I assumed this would be temporary, but no - the non-skippable "cinematics" and speeches are a painful part of this game.That said, to call Unreal 2 a sequel would be an insult to the original - Unreal being a great game, from both visual and entertainment perspective. The new levels are good looking, but, like many have noted, short, linear and non-expansive. Compare this to the first Unreal, in which every level was large and varied. In addition, levels in Unreal connected very well together, and the bits of information pulled from electronic diaries were enough to understand the plot of the game; while Unreal 2 is quite the opposite - after every level you end up on the mother ship and have to take off to another planet (if you can sit through another boring "briefing" by someone who looks more like a Playboy Playmate than a member of military personnel).Yes, Unreal 2 is very good looking, but that doesn't take away from the fact that it should be a shooting game, and not a sad attempt at a half-arsed RPG. People shouldn't have to sit through 5 minutes of speeches just to start the stupid game - it's a shooting game for god's sake, not Final Fantasy.This game does have some redeeming qualities - the weapons are very interesting, for one thing. The levels are also different from one another visually. Also, the idea of having extra firepower on hand (Marine assistance) is fun every now and then. And... sorry, I can't think of anything else. The rest are cons - long, winded speeches about nothing in particular, weak plot, extremely long loading times (even for a machine less than a year old), linear gameplay (very little freedom) and restricted level structure. The game is also painfully short - it really can be finished in the matter of hours. I managed to actually finish it on my work computer within a week, playing half to an hour a day.The original Unreal was very impressive, as it ran circles around Quake, visually. While this one looks nice, it lacks serious innovation. Sure, the poly counts are higher, but what else? Not much, apparently.
I really loved Unreal.  I'm also really impressed by Unreal Tournament 2003.  But I cannot believe what a poor product Unreal II: the Awakening is.  While I can see that they needed to give you more storyline than previous FPS games, I simply find the characters boring, the dialogue pretty trite--yes, even for a macho First-Person Shooter--and the gameplay terrible.  The animated cutscenes, while pretty, tend to go on too long and usually involve a long shot of a ship landing or docking, or someone walking up a staircase.It's really like UT2003 and Unreal II were built on 2 different engines:  they play like night &amp; day on my system, a pretty decent PIV 2.0GHz, 400MHz FSB, with 1GB of RAM.  Movement is sluggish, weapons work so-so, and although Unreal II gives you the ability to &quot;vault up&quot; onto those crates and boxes that are so hard to negotiate in other FPS games, you still feel like you're wearing weights on your ankles.  I can play at any resolution or level of settings and the gameplay is the same.There's also bad cropping of the map - I've run across &quot;invisible walls&quot; that are in the middle of walkways, enemy combatants that get wedged into the landscape and jog in place, and objects that look as realistic as any 4-year-old FPS from the days when PIII was cutting-edge.I'd suggest you consider Unreal Tournament 2003 (and playing as one player with a lot of bots if you want a single-player game) instead of trying to slog through the poor performance of this game.  The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 4 is that teams of AI bots tend to behave better than the bots in the original Unreal.  This doesn't redeem the game, but it makes me see that they tried to bring something to the sequel.
I'm really torn as I write this review, on the one hand I had so much fun beating this game, but on the other hand, its just isnt worth its price tag.The graphics are the best out there today but this comes at an extremely high cost, I own an extremely high end system and it chugged pretty bad some places.When it comes to first person shooters for me the main fun is in the weapons, and this game has no lack of weapons.  While a lot of the weapons are kinda [weak] and could be done without, some of them are just plain cool.  I personally loved the very last weapon in the game although a bit overpowered.  Some of the weapons could have been more balanced but you certainly have a wide variety to choose from.I have heard mised things about the AI, while I didn't pay much attention to thne AI I've heard it is extremly good however it can't live up to its potential because of the restricting corridors that plague the game.This game is full of action and most of the time you won't have trouble finding where to go.  This is the way I like a game.However it just...ends, I beat the game in 5 days and I wasn't by any means playing through it nonstop...I can't justify the price tag without a multiplayer mode.Fun while it last but not enough.
This game was simply a waste of potential.  I am glad I rented this game first,because after completion, I had no further desire to play it again. This game portrays the vampire sub-culture in a very cool way.  The story was entertaining, but the voice acting is where the game really shines.  I sometimes want to play the game again just because of the great dialog.  UInfortunately the gameplay is terrible.  You fight with the same couple moves EACH time you get into a battle.  Punch, punch, grab, throw. Unless you have a weapon then expect chop, chop, big chop.  The only thing that adds diversity in the monotonous fighting is the few vampire ablilities you can use.  Even then, its still going to be the same silly fight after you use one of your abilities. They would be better off making a really intriging movie from this series, because the game itself offers nothing but linear gameplay and tedious fighting, puntuated with wonderful dialog and great voice acting.  Keep the directors and actors, fire the game developing team.
When you see the intro scenes for Rallisport you think &quot;Wow! This is going to be great!&quot;  Unfortunately, that's about as fun as it gets.  Sure the graphics are awesome and the number of car and driver options are titilating, but the fun quickly runs out.  I rented this game for the weekend, and definately would not buy it.I found the cars difficults to control, and even with hours of practice there were some tracks that I could never win on, even on the least difficult setting.  In early career mode, most of the more interesting races, tracts, and cars are locked out.  Until you achieve enough points you cannot get access to these advanced options.  By the time you get enough points to get there, you no longer care.Definately failed to keep me interest.
Too much crap to get through before you get to do any gaming. A boring game.
Stuntman is extremely overated.  The theme is interesting enough that I can see why some people defend the game so strongly.  Acting out stunts from your favorite movies is something anyone wants to do.  Yet poor design decisions and sloppy controls has made Stuntman much, much harder than it needs to be.  You MUST rent this game before you buy it, trust me.I just don't like being forced to do the same, limited thing over and over again in a game.  You have to perform the EXACT stunts the game wants you to, in the schedule it requires, and the slightest mistake means instant death.  Hitting ANYTHING in the level, any building, car, or even a fence or sign, and you are forced to restart.  Fall behind even 1 second and the game only gets harder.  And speaking of time, I don't like waiting 20 seconds for the game to load after just 15 seconds of gameplay.  When you are forced to replay a level 50-60 times, I would estimate that you've got 10-20 HOURS of load time to sit through.  It gets old fast.The game physics are extremely chaotic.  Collisions and jumps at any speed or angle can cause a flip or spin-out all too easy, and usually force you to restart.  Even minor steering adjustments can cause a spin-out and cost you a hard played level.  Hitting a small curb has actually flipped my car onto its back, more than once.The levels are tight and restrictive, with most obstacles appearing suddenly from behind a hill or corner, with no time to react.  You memorize this game, not play it, and as you play each level encountering something new will most likely kill you immediately. There will never be that magic moment you find in games like GTA3 or Tony Hawk, when you've learned the skills to start improvising, reacting to new obstacles as you encounter them and making up your game as you go.  No sir, not this game.Calling Stuntman "difficult" isn't accurate enough.  Frustrating, too restrictive, poor controls, and annoying are better descriptors.  I wouldn't even recommend renting this game unless you enjoy insane obstacles. Buy it with risk.
This game should have been great.  The graphics are there, the playability is there, the concept is there, and the originality is there.  ...  What I wouldn't give to have a day with the source code.  A few little tweaks, and you've got a four star game.  Too bad.This game is tough, but more importantly, it's annoying.  I realized that they were some serious issues with this game when I had to do the first stunt ten times.  First off, there is no walkthrough of the stunt.  You have to emulate a series of stunts, and they won't tell you what's next in the series until just when you're about to execute it.  This meant that you'd probably not have the right speed or angle going into the next part stunt.  That's not too bad.  What's worse is that the timing and accuracy have to be perfect for many stunts.  If you mess up a little bit, you run out of time and have got to start the mission again.There are six movies to complete, each with about three to six series of stunts to accomplish.  About half way through the second movie, when I went through a stunt 30 times, I realized that this was a waste of my time and energy.  There were more worthwhile things to do with my life - like watching grass grow, voting for third party candidates, evolving, watching Behind the Music of M.C. Hammer for the 42nd time - anything but this game was more worthwhile.....In short - avoid this game.  I only rented it, hoping to capture the essence of Grand Theft Auto 3, and I still felt ripped off.
Stuntman puts you behind the wheel as a stunt driver in six films that lovingly knock off classics ranging from 007 to Indiana Jones to the Dukes of Hazzard. The best label for the gameplay is a cocktail that blends Pilotwings with Gran Turismo's license tests: Hurtling along preset paths, you must guide a vehicle through a precise series of jumps, swerves, and other hair-raising maneuvers. The requirements for success are unforgiving and demanding; if you lag behind even slightly or deviate from the path in the smallest way, it's stunt over, and you have to start again from the beginning (apparently, the directors of these films don't edit). As a result, this game is truly very hard, and the absence of difficulty levels or even checkpoints means no mercy for less-hardcore gamers looking for a break. Basically, Stuntman is about being perfect-and incessantly repeating a stunt until, at long last, you get it exactly right. Adding to the frustration, the game's physics sometimes feel wrong: Your car will often wreck in goofy, weird ways; fences that break in some places are impenetrable barriers in others; and the like.  If all that doesn't turn you off, bump the Fun Factor up to 4.0 because Stuntman deserves major props for its unique concept and thrilling stunts. The buzz of jumping a car over a moving train, whipping it past exploding gas stations, and then burning nitro to soar over a river just can't be denied. When you complete all the stunts for a film, you're rewarded with the trailer, which is a series of cinematics spliced with the stunts you performed-and that's just way cool. The game also supplies an awesome stunt constructor, which lets you create the craziest set of ramps, barriers, and obstacles you can conjure up, then attempt to survive it in the cars you've unlocked. Instead of that mode, though, what Stuntman badly needs is a practice mode where you could take your time and master the stunts. After all, don't real-life stuntman get to practice-or at least get a peek at a map-before the cameras roll? In the absence of those aids, your frustration will rapidly boil over as you struggle more to learn than to execute. In a delicious bit of irony, at one point a cinematic tells you that supercomputers have been used to model the precise speed you should hit a jump...but that speed is never revealed to you!  If you're the sort who likes to crack a tough nut, Stuntman has a pair cast in titanium. It's definitely not for everyone, but for the right gamer who can tolerate its flaws and appreciate its rigorous challenges, it's gold. If that's not you, rent it for a quick spin and check out its cool Driver 3 trailer.
The Dragon Ball Z cartoon series features awsome looking anime characters rapidly punching each other at 100ft in the air while flying at super human speeds and shooting out devestating exploding beams of god knows what. This game dosnt. This game has clunky piles of pixels that barely ever show any raid movement for characters, Two different attacks that all take time to charge up and can only be shot one at a time, 1 basic punch move, A main character that walks as if he broke his legs during a horrible standing accident, and background tunes that sound like what shrank your ears back in the days of NES. There are some neat anime senes in there sometimes, but still have the horrible background music blaring along with it. There are some moments with corny one-liners audio clips from the show but force you to look at the mudpuddle of a screen while listing to them. The graphics do feature some items and places that look alot like their anime counterparts in the show, but have a horrible looking ground of dots of sand/dirt color under them. The sound is also so bad, ... Come on? You can put more effort into games than that! This could have easily been done on a Game Boy Color. There are no pro's I can say here. I dont understand how anybody can like this game. You trudge slowly through the terrain in the four cardinal directions, no diagnols, and shoot anything thats behind, in front of, or on your left or right sides. Dont buy this. Dont even bother to illegally download it for free or go to the trouble of even thinking of it. I should have said only that this whole time. Other than my complaing, thanks for reading through my complaing!
I hate games that are based on movies and cartoons...thy put no effort into it.They just make it so hard core fans of whatever the show or movie is will buy it because they loooove the show.This game is pretty bad..it has a bad, and hard to aim battle system..i was thinking of buying this but i changed my mind after i tried it. and it is really short..i recommend Golden sun if you like Adventure/RPG games
This game is hard and boring. U can fight many enemys and hardly ever lv up. One wolf can kill u in 4 turns and ud need like 10. It gets pretty boring scince u cant hardly do nothin'.Dont buy this game.
I bought an S controller at the same time I bought my system A: to have a second controller, and B: to see what type of controller I like better.As long as your hands are big enough for the original controller (which most of my friends and my hands are), the original controller is actually better than the new S controller.  About the only good thing that thet S controller has is rearranged A, B, X and Y buttons, but the other repositioning is very, very bad.  The Start and Back buttons, and the black and white buttons are right underneath your hands when you are gripping the controller, very awkward to have to bring your thumb back that far when you are trying to play a game.
This game is a little repetitive and the company that publishes the Game (Interplay) wont release the codes. There is an invincibility code in the game it says as one of the tips but the...company wont release it. The only ones released was Max damage, All weapons, and STUPID Sound Check. And you can only do the all weapons code once every level... The only reason I suggest buying this game instead of renting is that it takes a while to beat unless you play for at least 6 HOURS A DAY EVERYDAY until its due back. It is worth checking out though.
I was bored of this game within a few minutes.  It seemed like it would be a better Gauntlet and looked like it was going to deliver.  The opening screens are amazing and graphics during the game are great.  However, gameplay just isn't interesting.  You pick your character and then run around and kill hordes of creatures with a variety of weapons.  That's it.  To make it more annoying, the camera doesn't move well with you at all, making it difficult to see what you need (want) to see.Although Gauntlet falls far short of Hunter in the graphics department, it is much better overall game.  I'll stick with that.
Its too bad.  I was actually pretty excited about this game initially.  Why not?  It has a pretty intriguing story, admirable spooky, misty graphics, and a variety of cool playable characters.  So why is this game such a dissapointment?There is no stategy or gamemanship required, whatsoever!  To make it through the entire game (which I did) requires nothing more than constant movement of your character and a quick (and strong) trigger finger.  This is more of an arcade-style game of the "Space Invaders" genre.  Hordes of bad dudes constantly chase your character and you shoot them until your finger falls off.  Its fun for the first hour or two and thats it.
Ah, Resident Evil for the Gamecube! How exciting! Or maybe not so exciting.The re-make promised many things, and did deliver to some certain extent. However there are some things that make me rather agitated, and other things that make me downright mad.DIALOGUE - While much better than the original, it still lacks grammar in some spots and still sounds sketchy at certain cutscenes. Why we couldn't perfect this, I have no idea. You're a multi-million dollar company, CAPCOM - and we're in the 21st century. I think you probably could have hired better actors or at least done more interesting overdubs. I'm sure you certainly have enough funds to do so.GAMEPLAY - It has its ups and downs. The puzzles are somewhat more simple, but also more difficult at certain points. The character movements are more fluid...but almost TOO fluid. Tapping the B-button and directional button simultaneously to run finds you stepping ahead more than you wanted to, sometimes running past a door or even stepping right into a zombie. You can master the controls, but it takes awhile - which is quite frustrating.The color scheme of the game is very dark, which makes it hard to see things. Plus the added fact that you can't really see if a zombie is around the corner or not (save for the rooms with the mirrors which helps) so you end up running right into the grasp of a feisty friend.DIFFICULTY - If you were hoping that the RE-make of Resident Evil was any easier than the original, keep dreaming. It's actually more difficult; and being that the original was the toughest in the series (up until this), I'm sure many were hoping that the difficulty on the remake was a bit more easy to handle.Some very frustrating things about this game is the limited ammo you get (in the hard mode, you barely have enough to stay alive and have to use the knife half of the time, even if you ARE experienced with the series and know how to save ammo), how fast your health deteriorates, and the all of the god-awful backtracking you must do.Your enemies may also choose to come back to life if you do not eliminate them by burning them.Chris (the stronger of the two in the game) can only take three bites before it's "lights out". That includes the ankle munchers. The ammo supply is very short limited, which forces you to use the (very weak and almost useless...ahem) knife throughout the first portion of the game. The characters do have new defense weapons, however, but you must find them (like items) and pick them up. Unfortunately, they too are in short supply.ENVIRONMENT - Okay, we all know that the environments have changed for the remake. So has the mansion. While the brilliantly colorful post-rendered backgrounds may catch your eye, there's several downfalls to the new environment. The rooms that you always remembered never lead to each other. Room A does not lead to Room B. Room A leads to Room D and a half; way down in no-man's land. Which can be both a curse and a blessing; for those who have played the "original" every spare minute of their life, this may be a breath of fresh air. But for average players like me, it's rather frustrating. The puzzles have been switched around a fair bit, and there are more enemies.The environment of the game is very dark, and you can't see as well as you'd like. I find myself subconsciously looking for a light switch on the wall every time i enter a new room. With the added danger of zombies and dogs, it's like fighting your way out of a paper bag.I find this game quite frustrating and difficult. I think in the late 90s, the reason Resident Evil 2 seemed more popular and likeable than the first Resident Evil was because they toned down the difficulty without sacrificing the suspense. Just like Resident Evil Zero. Excellent game, totally A+. This game on the other hand, I would rate a C+ or a B-. Graphics are great, environments are great; but those with weak hearts and irritability should probably steer clear of this game.~Jared
I am not a fan of first person shoot em up games, but after reading reviews of this one, I thought I'd give it a try...  Mistake.  It was a very beautiful game as far as graphics and scenery, but the play control was CRAZY DIFFICULT!  Options weren't easily accessed, and jumping is near impossible!  If you aren't a fan, but think you'll give it a try, don't waste your time.  I took mine in to a trade in video game shop and got Arc The Lad, instead.
I owned Turok 1 and 2 for the old N64 and thought they were great, so I was really looking forward to this game. Unfortunately, this one isn't even as good as the old N64 ones. The graphics may be a little better, but the game itself isn't nearly as fun. Plus, the things that they added to "improve" the series are just plain stupid, like the flying missions (you have a pterydactyl that shoots missles and machine guns). I am going to trade this one in toward Timesplitters 2.
You would think that with the 128-bit era of Xbox, PS2 and Gamecube that we should be reaching the peak of Gameplay, but as of recently what we&#65533;re getting instead are games that, granted, amazing looking but someone forgot something: the game. To be honest I shouldn&#65533;t have necessarily been thinking Turok would be a great game. The first two Turok&#65533;s for the Nintendo 64 were well done, but far from perfect, and Turok 3 basically [wasn't good]. So the track record was far from perfect, but still there was no crime in wishing&#65533;I suppose. But ultimately Turok is a bad way to start off the fall, its one of those big name, big budget games that looks promising, but ends up falling way too short.For fans of the original series, you&#65533;ll find your typical Turok gameplay has remained unchanged, from the Tek Arrows to scaling vines and the terribly out of place platform jumping areas. Now this style worked for the Nintendo 64, but Acclaim should try evolving soon to join the rest of us in the new millennium. The biggest problem here is that the shooting just isn&#65533;t fun period. Blasting lizard men, baboons and dinosaurs gets about as fun as stacking blocks in Tetris, it&#65533;s all the same. The weapons have been seriously downsized from the other Turok&#65533;s, there&#65533;s maybe about 10 weapons to choose from and all of the classic military weapons have been ditched, there&#65533;s one machine gun, and the shotgun and pistol completely [aren't good] so you won&#65533;t even use them. There are still the bows and arrows, axe and your space age weaponry that amazingly rips the space/time continuum in half or something, but can&#65533;t kill the powerful enemies, if you&#65533;re into that kind of stuff. I prefer guns and lots of them.In fact the only new element to the Turok series is the flight levels where you hunter rides a giant winged dinosaur and blasts everything in sight. I would maybe applaud it if it had been before Panzer Dragoon, Star Wars: Rogue Squadron and Sky Gunner. I bought a FPS damn it, I don&#65533;t want to fly, I want to shoot, and the problem here is 25% of the game is flying! Again, this is the only new feature in Turok; this is the exact same game you&#65533;ve been playing since 1997.The more and more I played Turok hoping hood things would result, the more I was disappointed. Acclaim promised genius enemy and partner A.I. and instead we have the biggest group of idiots in the world. Even on the back of the box they claim &#65533;enemies take cover and establish strategic positions&#65533;. Well a perfect example of this was when I shot at an enemy he ran in circles numerous times then dropped his gun and ran away, I guess he figured if there wasn&#65533;t a hiding place within 3 feet he&#65533;s doomed. Another enemy who heard my gun shot started climbing up a ledge making him the easiest target in the world. I&#65533;m not military mastermind but isn&#65533;t it a little dumb to &#65533;climb&#65533; something when someone&#65533;s shooting, a place that offers no cover and manoeuvrability?And when you finally do get allied soldiers, they try to be like Halo&#65533;s marines, but instead their most brilliant move is to run straight at an enemy and wait until they&#65533;re in two feet to begin firing. In fact this is the worst A.I. I&#65533;ve seen in a long time, these enemies need to go back to kindergarten to learn basic movement like run when someone&#65533;s shooting and maybe also learn not to drop their weapons and flee like so many enemies do here.Turok is the first flop of the season and is going to fall off your &#65533;top games&#65533; to try list like the leaves of fall. Its something that could&#65533;ve been great could have utilized technology. Also funny is the aging gameplay system despite the games title &#65533;Evolution&#65533; perhaps they should check the dictionary. It would be in best interest of first person shooters everywhere if Turok would go extinct.
THE GAME is VARY BORRING AFTER 15 MINITS YOU WILL WANT TO STOP.
Ok... this game has been out for a while, but I just recently bought the gamecube and loved Starfox, so this was the first game I bought. Do not buy this game if you are expecting a TRUE SEQUEL.The biggest disappointment is the lack of aerial fighting. It is very few and far between... and when you do start an aerial sequence it is too easy and very short lived. The planetary level is filled with puzzles and gimmics to advance to the next area. Many times you must visit previous levels to advance. Some of the puzzles are extremely aggrivating, even after the (attempt at giving) advice by your co-pilot. Many times I was stuck for 15-20 minutes just trying to figure out what I had to do next. Eventually I had to do an internet search for a walkthru which is annoying in itself.The fights with bad guys are overly simple... and like the aerial fighting... very few and far between.It took me about 48 hours playing time to complete this game... 90% of that time was filled with frustration. The maps are tiny and after a while you get tired of completing new puzzles in old territory. The maps are so small in fact that this 48 hour treck could have been completed in about 20 minutes without them (bad guys included.If you like games with a bunch of annoying puzzles STARFOX ADVENTURES is for you. If not... let this one slide... even for the great price of $19.99.
Few games can bore me past my patience level. I threw this game in, started playing, and i thought, pretty cool, shooting down flying ships from my flying dinosaur, wierd, but cool! Then i went on and found the gameplay EXTREMELY repetitive. Pick up barrel, throw it at bad guys, repeat until puzzle, then solve puzzle while throwing barrel at bad guys! If you look at my other reviews, im not much of a game cube fan, been sony for years, but i thought i would give this game a chance since all my friends won't stop talking about it. This game is great for about an hour then you get sleepy cuz its boring! The only game worth mentioning on the cube is metroid prime, so pick that up and have a blast!
If you are thinking of buying this product because of the fact that it contains Star Fox, then don't get this game.Star Fox games have always been about flying, and fantastic flying games they have been!The original Star Fox for the SNES was the master of graphics in its day, and had three short-ish paths that could be taken to the final level. You had to play that game all at one time however, so it wasn' t bad at all.Star Fox 64 was also on the top side of graphics in ITS day, but that wasn't what made it sell. It was fun, it was a great flying game, and there is not really a game out there that can stand up to a Star Fox flying game, though Star Fox games may be different.Star Fox Adventures, the first star fox for the gamecube, is basically a complete wreck of the series. The whole game is ON THE GROUND. Though this has never been seen in a Star Fox game, that's ALL THERE WAS in this game. No flying, no anything that made previous Star Fox games Star Fox games.The puzzles were slightly boring, and for all Star Fox veterans, there was no skill that they could bring back.If you want a Star Fox game for Gamecube, get Star Fox Assault. The ground levels are better and there is a great deal of flying (including that the whole last level, which consists of 4 stages, is all flying). Staf Fox Assault, great game. Star Fox Adventures, not Star Fox.
Soldier of Fortune II : Double Helix is a fps set in the real world. You play John Mullins, a black-ops soldier taking on an evil organisation which tries to spread a deadly virus. The game takes place in different parts of the world from dense colombian forest, snowlands, a ship, an aeroplane ect. The multiplayer gameplay is great and fun online but the single player gameplay is dull with poor level design and dumb enemy ai. The game is very hard because the enemies are very strong and the hero takes a lot of damage in a single shot. The game seem to cheat a bit, i dont know how the alarm goes on in the stealth missions and some enemies seems to be in god mode like the snippers in the first mansion level. The hero also keep of playing with his weapon, like he throws his shotgun in the air and catches it which makes me very angry. The random mission generator is boring and unplayable because it does allow save games. Sof2 is built on the quake3 engine, i played it on the OpenGL video mode and it runs great. The graphics and sound are great, the swimming pool in the mansion level is very beautifull, but most of the game is brown in color. The load times are very long and unlike other q3a games like rtcw and mohaa the quick loading is not instant. Sof1 was a great game and i have even played the game till late night, this one does not even come close, It is very boring and dull. Soldier of Fortune II's single player is disappointing but the multiplayer is good.
I have played the original UT for over three years now, and you know what?  I still play it more than this new UT 2003.  Sure, the graphics are fabulous, it's fast, the sounds are great and the control is smooth.  What's wrong then?  Well, for starters, the weapons stink.  Gone is the sniper rifle, replaced by the unusable lightning gun, the mini-gun is all but useless, and the rocket/flak weapons are shadows of their former selves.  My biggest problem with this game are the levels...  The first UT had a great variety of immersive, moody levels, and no two felt alike.  All the levels in UT 2003 feel like the same &quot;techno-grunge&quot; industrial warehouse done with different textures.  Even the outdoor levels disappoint.  Moreover, the game modes stink: gone is fan favorite assault, replaced by the ridiculously stupid and frustrating bombing run.  Gone are other game modes: last man standing, etc.  As a result, the game feels like an updated version of Quake III, with its identical levels and lighting fast gameplay.
Probably a good game in its day, but way outdated.  It does not tell you this when you read the item information.  Not worth the money in the current day of high tech gaming.
Today is the 4th day I've had this game on rental from Blockbuster, and no doubt about it, it's way too frustrating to be fun.  The graphics is good, the storyline stupid but tolerable, and lurking somewhere you can sense a fun factor, but the difficulty and insanely unpredictable controls make this game sadistically unpleasant to play.  A total letdown.Another thing that pisses me off is, this is a time exclusive title for the Xbox.  While it's nice to have an Xbox-only game even if just for a few months, this game is so poorly programmed that I'm thinking we Xbox fans are being used as guinea pigs.  If the PS2 version plays better than this one, I'll never buy another Namco game again.
A lot of people are talking about DTR as though it was a Max Payne clone. Aside from the issue of "bullet-time", or the slow-motion diving-while-shooting, DTR and Max share virtually nothing in common. Ok, so both are stories about ex-cops out for revenge, but that's where the similarities end.Dead to Rights has a lot more built-in diversity in gameplay than Max Payne does. The character can fight unarmed, have his sidekick dog attack enemies, disarm enemies and steal their guns, and hide against walls and kill people stealthily. That's not to mention the plethora of minigames, which take most of their gameplay from the venerable Track and Field series of button-mashing to some specified parameters.DTR doesn't have half the atmosphere that Max Payne does, and that's largely due to the art direction and cinematography, rather than anything else. A lot of the cutscenes are done in-engine, and while DTR's not ugly, it's not pretty, either. Visually, it's about half-way between Halo and a Dreamcast game.The most important thing to consider, however, when trying to decide whether to purchase DTR, is that it's staggeringly difficult. The biggest problem with DTR is that the difficulty comes not from a legitimate, skill-based challenge, but from a lousy camera, and poor auto-targetting.At times, you will dive at a person with a shotgun, who is standing not far in front of you. You might be armed with a shotgun as well, so range would be an important consideration, since you'll do more damage to something closer to you. But rather than targetting the guy in front of you, where one hit would kill him, you end up targetting someone off-camera, to your left, who's behind a truck. Of course, after flying through the air like an idiot, you land at this guy's feet, where he kills you with one close-range shotgun blast.The problem with DTR is that it's so full of potential, and so full of neat ideas, and they're mired in this half-baked mess, where you can't DO any of the things that you *want* to do.It's a neat game, on paper - full of potential, full of excellent ideas. But as it stands, it's frustrating not because of a legitimate challenge, but because every couple of minutes, you'll be killed by something you couldn't possibly avoid.
There is nothing special about Tekken 4.  Sure, the graphics are nice and there's some new stuff, but seriously, nothing about this game is impressive.  The character selection includes 3 new guys who are NOT all that wonderful, a couple of guys from Tekken 2, and the rest are all fresh from Tekken 3.  Everyone got a few new moves (most of which are pretty cool) and new outfits, but I would say that is not enough to warrant a purchase.  Story mode livens things up with drawn story scenes and CG scenes for each character.  Tekken Force mode is simply annoying, nothing more.  Beat the $h!t out of a bunch of mindless fools who come running at you... beat up some more guys, and so on and so on.  The new sidestepping, wall obstacles, positions changins stuff is also rather irritating; the computer knows how to do this far too well  and when it uses it, the match is all but lost.  I've always enjoyed Tekken, but a better fighting-control-sceme-thingie and more and better new stuff would've made this worthwhile.  This is a rental at best.
I give this three stars because it is a good game, but just a little better then Tekken Tag.  The characters' polygons is almost the same as it predecessor only the environment has a considerable upgrade.  It feels a lot smoother then T3 and TTT.  TTT gave us all the characters and now we have to go back down to 19 or 20?  There is no Tekken Bowl or Volleyball, which girls would actually like to play.  Good thing I only pay $20 for this.  Hopeful, Namco does something more excitement in the next one or this franchise may become a Street Fighter.
i rented this game a couple days after it came out. i love tekken tag tourn. my fav character is eddy and i can play that for hours. but this, tekken 4, is a big dissapointment. the game is made to work faster the ttt(tekken tag tourn.), the graphics are worse than ttt: the scenery is a hell of alot better but the charecter visuals are so much worse that ttt. the gameplay doesnt seem to be the same. i played it for aboout 15 min and feel like i wanna take it back already. LISTEN TO ME, DO NOT BUY THIS, RENT IT FIRST, AND IF U LIKE IT THEN DO WAHT EVER. the new gameplays included in tekken 4 are tekken story and tekken force. i have no idea why they made tekken story mode, cause its EXACTLY the same as the reg game, with one small difference, they show 2d pictures and have a lame reason for why they join the tournement. tekken force is pethitic, it is alot better in tekken 3. in this one in tekken 3, it is viewed from behind the guys u have, at his back. it is so hard to control the guys, as well it is the lamest excuse for excitment on the market.
This is my first Tekken game. I think that this part 4 has fantastic graphics, but I am unable to truly enjoy the game because the power-bars are so weak.I am able to kill an opponent with about 9 solid kicks. This makes each round seem waaaaaay too short. There is no way to increase the power-bar in the options menu, so that your opponent can take more damage.I also have Virtual Fighter Evolution. In VFE, you are able to increase the power-bars from 100% to 400%. This allows each round to be longer, and more importantly = more challenging !!The second fault is that not everything in the environment is breakable. There are a lot of glass windows in the environment, but they are NOT designed to be breakable. Only about 30% of the environmental objects are breakable. I wished that everything was breakable.
Super Mario Sunshine is now considered the weak point of all the big name Mario titles, and for good reason- it's really lousy in several key areas.  Almost all of them in fact.  For those of you that grew up with the 2D Mario games, this game will feel lifeless and dramatically different in comparison.  For those of you who approached Mario with the Galaxy series... you'll have the same reaction.  The lowest point of the Mario series is Super Mario Sunshine, unquestionably.Let's name all the problems-The entire theme of the game, with the exception of a few platform-dominated missions underground along with a ghost house maze area, is based around the beach.  The ONE environment that feels totally out of place for a Mario game (the beach) and Nintendo actually thought it would be a good idea to roll with it.  REALLY disappointing.  I'm totally used to the Mushroom Kingdom by this point and expected as such.  I'm pretty sure most Mario fans feel the same way.  Incredibly disappointing that Nintendo abandoned the Mushroom Kingdom for something so generic.  Nintendo should have executed a beach theme only occasionally like how it's properly done in Yoshi's Island and Super Mario Galaxy, and then added more diverse locations for the other 90% of the game because the way it stands now, the beach is seriously overkill.  Not to mention all the yucky beach music that makes me sick after a while.  Variety is a key component of the Mario series.It's pretty sad that the underground platform jumping missions are the high point of the game because jumping on platforms is normally a chore in 3D Mario, having to line up and carefully execute well-timed jumps.  It's awful.  Platform jumping was awful in Super Mario 64 but at least the environments in that game are a tad nicer/more diverse than the overdone beach theme here.  Eventually you arrive to platforms that either disappear or square shaped cube-like rotating platforms that are unique the first time you deal with these, but ultimately adds more to the frustration factor instead of actually being fun or adding anything to the replayability.  The only time these platform missions become somewhat entertaining is when you have to collect 8 red coins with a timer requiring the player to move swiftly.  These are challenging and fun.Mario has a spray nozzle and a rocket nozzle.  The spray nozzle is a horrible idea because the object is to fill up with water at every available opportunity and spray most of the bosses until they die, which is clearly NOT what makes many of the other games in the Mario series so incredibly fun to play.  Absolutely no way.  Basically you spray bosses until they die while dodging attacks.  Sometimes this is hard when the surrounding danger gets intense, but most of the time it's painfully easy.  The rocket nozzle is slightly improved however, because this allows you to launch into the sky really high and reach the platforms that would otherwise be impossible to reach.My least favorite part of the game is a 5-way tie.1- the lifeless, empty and boring levels with hardly any enemies or exciting powerups anywhere.  Trees, beaches, water, tightropes, platforms, rinse and repeat.  For 10-20 hours.  God...2- the "collect 100 coins to get a shine" missions (the shines are the same thing as the stars found in SM64 and the Galaxy series by the way).  Several of these missions, namely that one God awful watermelon-pushing stage, takes FOREVER to obtain 100 stars.  If thoroughly exploring lifeless environments is supposed to qualify as fun and the reason many Mario fans make such a big deal about open world exploration, count me out.  Collecting these stars means Nintendo is FORCING me to explore these generic and boring environments.  Nooo way.3- having to go back to the *same exact stages over and over again* to search for/obtain MORE shines.  Where's the darn level variety?!?!?  Maintaining a beach theme is bad enough, but at least make each stage *different* for crying out loud.  Come on Nintendo, Super Mario Sunshine isn't progress- it's a kick in the rear-end.4- collecting over 200 boring blue coins, many of which can be found by spraying water on these X's located on walls that you will often stumble upon.  The reward for collecting so many of these bland blue coins isn't exciting for the player in the end so expect the highest level of disappointment imaginable.  Collecting blue coins ends up being a needless chore not only because the reward is underwhelming, but because the concept itself is unexceptional.  No real desire or motivation to obtain them.5- the overworld I guess you can say, where you spend a good chunk of your time throughout the "adventure", is nothing but generic buildings disguised as MORE generic platform jumping with ugly characters everywhere.  How horrendous.Oh and the storyline?  Mario goes to jail?  Give me a break.  Never *ever* attempt to implement storyline bits in a Mario platformer.  The "princess is kidnapped/kill Bowser" storyline is pretty weak admittedly, but honestly that's *all* we need.  Don't even think about making a story anymore elaborate than that or it will fail, which is why Super Mario Sunshine's story fails so miserably.I highly recommend skipping this game.
Mario has, since the days of the N64, taken a nosedive in regards to general game quality, and Super Mario Sunshine is perhaps the best example of this.  Though the graphics and sound are far superior to the ones seen in the old days (despite the strange shading,) the game itself has suffered.First off, the game is marginally insulting if taken allegorically.  The people of Isle Delphino seem like nothing more than a spoof on Americans.  Loud, annoying, overweight, coming in a variety of &quot;strange&quot; colors and completely unable to solve their own problems.  Just the kind of things a Japanese man would mock about America, especially since Isle Delphino bears a more than passing resemblance to Hawaii.But more importantly, the game's summary reads like your laundry list of afternoon chores.  Mario's gameplay used to revolve around &quot;Get the Fireball Power, Kill the Bad Guy, Invade the Castle, Save the Princess, etc...&quot;  Now, it's &quot;Water the Plant, Save the Animal, Clean the Wall, etc...&quot;This is, by and large, a problem that ALL recent Nintendo games (except Metroid Prime, of course,) have suffered from.  Doing simple and bland chores is not an appropriate substitute for actual adventure, and Shigeru Miyamoto; the &quot;father&quot; of Mario, aught to be ashamed of himself for falling so far.
I rented Super Mario Sunshine instead of buying it, and I'm glad. (It's always a good idea to rent a game first...The graphics are gorgeous, and the sound is good too (I don't usually pay that much attention to sound in games, so I can't really evaluate it).This is probably one of those "love it or hate it" games. I found the premise -- Mario is falsely accused of splattering a resort town with paint, and is sentenced to community service cleaning up the mess -- cute but not compelling.The camera drove me crazy. Yes, it's (usually) 360 degrees, but it's also almost always pointed the wrong way. I liked it better when a game's camera would automatically point in a logical direction, even if that meant I couldn't control the camera.Lots of people love this game. If you want a traditional "kill monsters and pick up trinkets" platform game in a 3-D environment, you'll love it too...
ok, i played rise of the kasai(sequal) before i played this game so thats why im tired with it. Theres only so much fun u can have with this game. In rise of kasai at first i was like this game is great, this is cool. The characters are cool but I got bored. Why did I get bored? Its a simple clunky hack n' slash game with an ability to stealth around but why? This is supposed to be one of the best underrated games?? pleeeaaaase
I'm gonna get right to the point with this one.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK!  The plot is horrible, the gameplay is immensely dull and the graphics are 2nd rate at best.  This game makes a mockery of th John Carpenter classic.  You will be ready to hurl your controller through the TV after you try to kill a larger alien with fire (which is the ONLY way to kill them) and run out of fuel and die a horrible grisly demise or light a fuel barrl on fire and die a horrible grisly demise 100... times in a row.  Just don't even bother with this pathetic excuse for a game.
i don't have a lot to say except that the game is frustrating and dark.i know this is not helpful but i just wanted to express myself.
I like the idea of a video game based on the movie "The Thing" by John Carpenter, and I was excited to see how they would play on the fear the players had toward eachother- "Is he the Thing? Is She??"  As it turned out the game play was extremely slow moving, and at first the controls and interface were difficult master.  The graphics are a bit dated, and if you walk close to wall, you may get a piece of the other room on screen.  In addition, it really didn't follow the movie at all.  It seemed closer to a sci fi shooter like Cold Fear or Extermination, rather than the mind games I assumed it would contain.
At first I didn't want to get it cuz I figured it would be dumb with all the Disney characters in a Squaresoft (Final Fantasy) type game.  I was right!  Not only that, but the game is too hard to figure out.  I'm stuck somewhere I can't get out of... some kind of jungle.  I've gone everywhere I can think of.  The game isn't that fun to play anyway, and the graphics aren't that great for a PS2 game.  The only thing I liked is you get to meet all the characters from the Final Fantasies up to that point, though some looked pretty bad.  They also seemed to transfer the bright blue eyes of the main character to Final Fantasy: Crisis Core for the PSP.  Now that game is at least entertaining.
I really wanted to like this game. And after reading most of the favorable reviews here, I thought why not? I like Disney... I like RPG's (Role Playing Games)...so I'll give it a try.The graphics are nice with little difference between game play and cut scenes and the storyline seems really involved. However, the problem I had was with the game's camera.I know this is a problem with most 3-D/free roaming games and it's no exception here. The camera wants to constantly shift to give you a better view of the character you're playing, which is great if you're watching a movie, but not so good if you're playing a game. And yes, you can control the camera by pressing the R2 and L2 buttons at the same time, which repositions the camera behind the character, but as soon as you move, the camera swings again, giving you a different perspective.With all the swinging involved, I got motion sickness after about an hour of game play. I know that game designers want to wow us with all of the camera angles etc., and how they can blur the lines between watching a movie and playing a game, but watching the character you're controlling run towards the camera, when you really need to see where you're going, is not helpful.Another thing I don't like is that the camera is really closeup and you can't really see the environment clearly unless you switch to the first person/character view, which allows you to see through the character's eyes, but that slows down game play.If I had known about the camera problems I would have passed on this game. I know that most people aren't bothered by this, but for me, I can't get into the game with the camera going to and fro all the time, making me nauseous.
My 14-year-old daughter played this game for two hours, shuddered, groaned, erased the file from her memory card, put the disk away in its box with the air of a night nurse cleaning up after an unfortunate accident, and washed her hands up to the elbow.  It's sad to see Disney trying to inculcate good buying habits (buys Disney, get it?) in the very young, and comical to see a kid raise her eyebrow, frown, and grok the entire situation in a sudden furious flash.  Sorry, but Disney's "crown jewels" can't compete with Final Fantasy XII (or even X).  How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm after they've seen Valley of the Winds?  And Square Enix should be ashamed of themselves for soiling their own brand.
I love the Terminator movies, but I gotta be honest with you,not this game .... Here's why:1)Obnoxious camera, in conjunction with the terrible movement controls. I OFTEN found myself getting lost/disorientated/stuck.2)Not enough outdoor levels. Instead, you run around bases, hotels, parking lots, asylums, etc. You end up feeling very claustrophobic by the 3rd level or so.3)Speaking of which, there are only 10 levels.4)There are three characters to play as, but it's not like you get to pick one of the three characters before entering the next level. One mission you may be Kyle Reese, the next you might be some gun-toting female.(5) If there is one enemy that you will learn to hate REAL fast, it's those annoying flying saucers that knock you on your back when they attack. And then you get up, and unless you destroy it "muy pronto" you're going to get knocked down AGAIN.(6)I've only seen/fought one T-800 in the game. But you have your Pulsed Plasma Rifle in the 40 Watt range, right? Remember how easily the Resistance killed T-800's in the future scene in Terminator 2? No such thing here. You pump umpteen thousand rounds into this T-800 and he finally softens up. Then you pump another umpteen thousand rounds into him only to saw him in half. But that upper half is still alive, so, Plasma Rifle in hand, you pump another umpteen thousand rounds into him. Goodness, you'd think you were shooting a wimpy .22 or something. It was after that battle that I said, "Forget it, this game isn't worth my time."(7) You don't get to ride around in vehicles. (But Keep in mind that I stopped at level 7 of 10, so I'm not sure about 8,9, or 10, but I doubt it.)(8) Easy mode is too hard.(9) No BIG battles, like the one at the start of T2. Instead, you're reduced to "going-it-alone" missions with occasional run-ins with stupid allies.(10) And worst of all, this game just simply isn't fun. It's frustrating. Believe me, I tried to like it, but it never happened. You can spend your money on something better than this (like the Terminator films on DVD special editions if you don't have them already).Here are a couple Terminator game alternatives you might want to consider: Skynet, Terminator 2029,(these latter two were made by Bethesda for the PC, if I remember correctly),various Terminator games for the Gameboy, NES, SNES, and Arcade.The only good parts about this game are the FMV's, but I'd rather watch the movies than this piece of garbage any day.
Terminator: Dawn of Fate is a pretty fair game- but it tries so hard to be a good game, but hardware and perhaps even legal considerations just kept getting in the way. Dawn of Fate tells the story of the events leading up to Kyle Resse's eventful trip back to the past to save Sarah Connor and destroy the CSM-101 Terminator sent to kill her and prevent John Connor from being born. The game is built around the standard premise of killing terminators, collecting technology for upgrades and of course, the survival of all mankind against the evil and monolithic, Skynet. You get to meet General Connor, Justin Perry and Catherine Luna- friends and comrades of Kyle's and you switch characters between missions.It's odd that they managed to capture the look of post Judgment Day Earth, the battlefields and ruined cities perfectly. Everything Skynet had- all the vehicles- the H/K tanks and aerial units are all there in gleaming chrome, but that's all they captured. The sounds are all wrong. The brilliant purple plasma guns sound like typical game fair and don't have their deep, resonant stutter from the movies. Even the H/Ks don't sound quite right. It's like whichever studio owns the copyright approved using the appearance of everything, but said they couldn't use the sound effects. Either than or the developers decided to do their own. Bad mistake. Another flaw is that the Tech/Com soldiers and their weapons aren't really representative of the movies, either.All I can say about the character models is BAD. Kyle Reese looks like Christopher Walken did as the Hessian in Sleepy Hollow, stupid hair and all. Justin Perry looks like he was carved out of stone and I won't go into how unfeminine Luna looks. Connor is probably the best rendered of the lot.Mission play is broken up into 3rd person play, starting with protecting Connor from an terminator infiltration attack, destroying Tech/Com's computers and blowing up an H/K tank that has rolled into the top floor of the resistance's hideout. In that mission you have to protect a demolitions expert as he plants explosive charges in the massive hotel base, is a royal pain, because he does nothing to defend himself. Instead, he stands there passively getting blasted by terminators while you rush around like a chicken with its head cut off trying to kill them before they grease him. Later missions involve a secondary story that the programmers must have felt was pretty clever. They're wrong. As well you must prevent Skynet from steeling all the platinum from a Federal Reserve bank.Apparently Skynet has just perfected the CSM-101 series infiltrators, but they have also been capturing normal humans and modifying them cybernetic mind control devices. One of these, Alexander Stone, blames Kyle for the death of his brother Gabriel and so has turned traitor, joining forces with Skynet in order to seek revenge. It is he the player must track down because he has stolen Connor's battle plans for an assault against Skynet's main base at Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado. But while you get the plans back, you can never actually kill Stone. I'm not entirely sure why Skynet would create these hybrids- dressed as they are in black and red leather with cybernetic implants visible on them, it's not like they can blend in like the infiltrator terminators do.Finally it's the main assault on Cheyenne Mountain and you fight your way into the very core of the enemy's main base- blowing up everything in site. The hardest part being the attack on the central computer AI- the heart of Skynet which is apparently SO powerful that it is capable of mind control, a process that takes a few minutes while you work feverishly to cut off the computer's power source before it melts your guy's brain, thus ending the game.So it's a pretty standard story line, except for the silliness of the hybrid part. There are plenty of weapons- grenades, rockets, plasma guns, machine guns, EMP weapons that stun robots for a few seconds- pretty basic stuff. The game offers a first person view, but as with any first-person console game, control is terrible and you're better off not using it except to look around at the scenery. One interesting function is Adrenaline- a function that makes you shoot faster and more accurately which enables you to take down baddies quicker than usual. It doesn't last long so it's best used wisely. Another problem is the Dino Crisis effect- opening doors just to get to another small area to open another door in order to get to another small area and, you guessed it, open another door. It gets old very fast.While there are good concepts here, some nice graphics, the game almost seems crippled in places. Heck, you can't even walk off a ledge and kill yourself because the game won't allow it. But for the most part it seems to be a half-baked attempt to tell the same story that Bethesda Software did a decade ago with `Terminator: 2029', a somewhat more entertaining game, if graphically inferior. Dawn of Fate manages to tell a fair story with repetitive game play- go there, do that, kill this- if you've played Star Wars: Bounty Hunter, you'll know what to expect. I'd be interested to see the Xbox version just to check if it at least has better graphics.
This game had little to offer in the First-person shooter (FPS) genre. The graphics are pretty mediocre and the AI is nothing fancy.The single player mode lacks any sort of story or development. The different game modes, while generally fun, are nothing new. The controls are pretty good, but the action moves a little unrealisticlly (no pun intended). Weapons don't require reloading, so the action seems a bit over-exagerated.I haven't played this game on x-box live, so I'm passing no judgment in that respect. But as a FPS, this game suceeds in breaking no new ground. Nor does it really push the limits of x-box's potential.
I bought this game for 49.99 and took it back the next day because I found it to be painfully boring and virtually unplayable online.  I then decided to give it another chance and bought it used for 17.99.  Nothing has changed. I should have saved my 18 bucks.First off I would like to say that the graphics in this game are excellent, but that is where the good ends.  If you have this game on PC, then don't waste your money on this.  It is virtually the exact same game, with more cumbersome controls.  Nothing compares to a keyboard and mouse and this couldn't be more true for this game.  The pace and speed of this game is not suited for anything other than a keyboard/mouse combo.  It seems Atari rushed this game out without taking the controls into consideration.Now for the XBOX Live portion, which is probally the reason most people bought this game.  First of all, finding a game on the servers can be a bit of a chore.  When you do actually select a game to play, you have to cross your fingers to hope that the game will actually let you in.  More often than not, you will be booted from the server before you actually join the game!  Expect to try at least 10 times before actually getting in a game.When you FINALLY get in a game, besides the lag in 80% of the games, you will almost immediately see that the game is nothing more than pure &quot;chaos&quot; as reviewer &quot;ultimatexhammer&quot; so acurately put it.  This game requires NO skill.  Just get a rocket launcher and fire away at random targets.  Sometimes you'll hit your enemy most of the times you won't.  And don't even think about stopping to actually aim at an enemy; chances are you'll be dead before you even get to shoot.  The weapons in this game are cool and all (minus the sniper rifle replacement), however you rarely have enough time to select them and use them correctly due to the cumbersome controls and the fact that this game is pure luck for the most part.  You get the occasional gamer that performs extremely well online, but for the most part this game is nothing but running around and shooting at anything that moves hoping that someone does not shoot you in the back for the 100000th time.  And if this wasn't bad enough, some custom levels actually have enhanced laser cannons that kill you in one shot no matter where it hits you. If you thought you died fast in normal games, imagine dying as soon as you spawn over and over and over again.  No fun at all.The other games on UC, like bombing run and capture the flag would be fun because in theory they require strategy.  But again this game is too chaotic and random for any strategy to ever be a factor in these games either.To bluntly put it, this game is boring.If no skill, random dying and ultimate chaos is your cup of tea, then you will feel right at home with UC.  Otherwise stay clear of this game.  It wasn't worth 49.99 and it is not worth 17.99 either.
This game is really fun, for about the first 30 minutes.  You quickly come to the realization that once you've played the four or five available games you've basically seen it all.  Sure you can choose different characters and different weapons, and different teamates, but it doesn't really change anything.  As a rental game Unreal Championship is worth a weekend rental, but if you buy it you will be stuck thinking about what else you could have done with that $$.
When you play this game you tell the character what to do and it does it fast enough that you almost think your actually playing but when you use a blaster you cant aim the game does it for you it gives you a choice when attacking of the attack type but if you dont tell the character what to do they will use a weak attack the good thing is you can set it so it wont pause after each attack.
I have been playing this game for half a year now, and even though I have had fun, I am beggining to question the point of 15 dollars a month.There are tons of problems with the game that haven't been fixed or are being created. For one, Ironforge is basically unraidable, because the lag is unbearable. Noone wants to raid Ironforge because you can't even move without waiting. Another thing, killing lowbies doesn't give dishonorable kill points. Quite a few times I have seen level 60 alliance players kill a bunch of level 20's at the Morshan Rampart(a place where people can PvP in a specific zone, but as soon as you leave that zone there might be some level 60's waiting to murder you). Blizzard still hasn't fixed the guards yet, so many players stand the chance of being murdered upon exiting the Warsong Gulch.Even worse, there aren't that many items. After playing so long, you soon start to see the same models in the same armor every day. Everyone looks the same practically, and most higher level players have practically the same armor sets now. I have seen so many people with the Dreadmist Rainment that it is laughable. If you use two-handed swords, I bet you probably have a Destiny.Worse yet, the community is filled with younger kids who still don't know how to play at level 60. I can't tell you how many times I've seen a level 60 warrior pull 50 monsters and yell at the group when he dies. There are so many little kids. The new thing seems to be farming kills in the Warsong Gulch. What many of these kids don't realize is the fact that after you kill someone a few times in one day, you don't get any more honor from them. So in essence, they are wasting their own time trying to farm kills.This game is not worth 15 dollars a month. People bash Everquest, but if you pay 10 dollars a month you get EQ and any other SOE game that is online for that same 10 dollars. This game's flaws could be overlooked, but the pricing is just too steep.
First the good.  The game is quite pretty, and contains a great amount of character an personality.  Unlike others, I kind of like the cartoony look.  I like the different styles and voices and environments of the different races.  Bottom line is, the graphics and sound people who worked on this game did a top notch job.  That's about the only thing that went right though.The game starts out fun enough.  The interface and playing is easy and  intuitive, so its not hard to play the game and feel like you're doing a good job.  The game gets repetative really fast, but if you're playing an MMO that's (so far) unavoidable.  Instead of grinding on a bunch of creatures for just xp, 90% of the game is sending you on quests that say "go kill 30 of crfeature X"; aka grinding with a purpose...sort of.After a while the game's flaws start to become more apparent.  There are LARGE balance issues between the classes.  The professions are bugged so sometimes you can't advance in them any further, and even if you could, they're by and large useless by the end of the game (engineering being the exception, and cooking if you're a hunter).  There's still an inordinate amount of bugs that really hamper gameplay (for instance, if a mage gets hit when using his ice block talent, he will be disconnected from the server).  On top of it all, the servers are still unstable.It might be forgiveable if this was still release, but I'm writing this review after the game has been out for 7 months.  Blizzard has taken little to no steps to fix any of the problems with the game, instead doing nothing for long periods of time, and then introducing new features which either exacerbate old problems or create entirely new ones.  The developement team makes no direct contact with the community, but instead uses a group of community managers who are just glorified forum moderators.I've been a big fan of every blizzard game so far except diablo 2 (it was terrible until the 1.1 patch they released 3(?) years later), so this was a huge letdown.  The game's got potential (like I said, lots of character), but I've spent $70 worth of monthy fees waiting for them to fix the game, and I don't recomend anyone else paying a monthly fee waiting for them to finish developing the game.  If diablo 2 was any indication, hold off on this game for another 3 years and (if it's still around) it will probably be a decent game by then.
So what does Star Wars Galaxies (SWG) bring to the table that a gamer who spent time with Everquest, Asheron's Call, Ultima Online and other classic MMORPG titles has never seen before?  Well, it does have some fairly organized non-combat gameplay mechanics including a built-in computerized buying and selling system that acts like EBAY for custom crafters. I also got a kick out of the ability to purchase harvesters which dig up incredible amounts of resources on all planets while your character levels up somewhere else.  I enjoyed tinkering around with some of SWG's non-combat options but that was really the only thing I found to do in the game.  At the time I played, there wasn't a single Jedi in the game but I hear that people are finally discovering (after almost a year of play!) how to become one.  I also hear that in the future, the game might add space combat and land vehicles which were a critical omission from the original game which leads me to my number one complaint, how can you create an MMORPG about Star Wars and leave out space?  That's like creating a Dungeons &amp; Dragons MMORPG and leaving out magic. I'd like to spend more time telling you some of the pros and cons of this game but it bored me to death after two weeks of play.  And this is coming from someone that spent months on previous MMORPG classics. It doesn't offer the MMORPG gamer anything they haven't seen before and it probably has one of the most boring hack and slash leveling systems of all the MMORPG titles.  SWG still has a strong fan base and I'd recommend that Star Wars fans, diehard MMORPG fans (you know who you are), and MMORPG newbies give it the old college try but everyone else should save their money.  This game might be fantastic after three or four expansions which you know are coming considering it has the same developer that worked on Everquest, but it doesn't bring anything new to the quickly diminishing MMORPG genre which is imploding from its own repetitiveness.
I should make one thing clear before I kick off this review: I do not like MMORPGs.  I have never played a MMORPG that I liked, however I always go into these games with an open mind, so understand that this is not MMORPG bias i'm basing this review on.It had to happen sooner or later: Star Wars as a MMORPG.  I was very hyped up and very interested in this game for about 5 or 6 months.  Since I harbor such a strong dislike for Ever Quests, I dismissed this game initially as EQ in Space, but as I read on about all the features Star Wars would have, I was generally intrigued.  I bought the game on launch day, and the disappointment began.  The launch day problems were rampant, which is to be expected of course, since so many people were trying to get in that the servers were overloaded.  I was able to finally register and log in about a day after I got the game.Character Creation was decent...you can edit alot about the character, from body type to facial construction.  You choose from a few base classes, and then go on from there to expand the class and branch off into a more advanced class, such as Bounty Hunter or Weaponsmith or Commando.  What is good about this is that you can take a little bit from every class and mix and match it to design your very own unqiue character.  However, level progression is very slow, and it becomes necessary to teach your skills to others in order to progress.  Interesting concept, if a little flawed. There are no Jedi's running around yet, simply becuse the method of becoming a Jedi is a 'secret' which players have since discovered, but it is still difficult to do.  Thankfully this limits the Jedi population and keeps balance.As for the game itself, it just wasn't really that interesting.  The world is huge, but devoid of life.  Lots of quests require you to hump your way all the way across the planet for pathetic rewards and little experience points.  Other quests require you to destroy objects, like dirt mounds or junk piles, which creatures spawn out of.  What's bad is that these quests cannot possibly be undertaken alone, since attacking one of these mounds causes a tremendous group of creatures to gang up on you and tear you to pieces, and if you do manage to fend them off, there are other creatures healing the object, making your effort useless.  There are some quests unique to sides, if you join the Imperials or Rebels, which is a decent change, but its still the same: Find and Kill soandso, bring this item here, etc. etc.Items in the game are all made by players, which is utterly ridiculous.  There are no shops in the game at all, except for one Bazaar that holds player auctions.  Since everyone is making the same stuff, the same items appear over and over.  There are no unique items anywhere.  One of the problems with this is that making weapons and armor is a career for some players.  Funny, but that sounds like nothing more than a job to me.  I'll go to my real job if I want to be productive, thanks.  I'm sure many other players will begin to realize that too, and the items in the game will start becoming scarce.The game is just very monotonous, but I should expect no less from the makers of EQ.  Sure, its fun for the first few hours, when you're exploring and getting familiar with everything, but the experience degenerates quickly.  When I got this game, I was hoping to be surrounded by Star Wars nerds role-playing their characters...but I forgot that Role-Playing is not allowed in MMORPGS.  Try role-playing your character for one minute around other players and watch your text screen fill up with people screaming 'St0p r0lE PlAyinG j00 n00b!' and garbage like that.  Hence, the 'Wow, i'm in Star Wars' feeling wears off extraordinarily quick.The realization that this is just another online game and the fact that no one cares that its Star Wars becomes evident quickly, when you see players running around with names like 'Potthead Smokey' or 'Do0bi3 Sm0k3r' or 'L000k3 Skyywaalk3rrr123441' (all of which were names I actually saw).  Its the idiots like that which completely take away from the game experience.  You can barely understand what anyone is saying, because everyone talks in '1337 speech' or whatever the popular term for it is among the little kids.  Overall, I found the rampant childish behavior and boring, pointless gameplay to be a huge turn off.  I was off the game 3 days after getting it.  I really, really wanted to like this game, but in the end the boring gameplay just got on my nerves, and the immature players didn't particularly help much either.  This game was clearly just very over-hyped, and I was extraordinarily disappointed.  Luckily I didn't get slapped with the rather high (over $15) monthly fee since I was off the game in 3 days.If you want a great Star Wars Role Playing game, then I suggest checking out Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic for XBox, or waiting for it to come to the PC.  Its a much better game, and well worth the money.  Since Galaxies doesn't really seem to qualify as a role-playing game, you're better off saving all the money you would waste on the hefty monthly fee.  A nice try, but i'm not impressed at all.  Just another run-of-the-mill Massive Online Game ruined by childish players and boring gameplay.
This game, is great. Probably the best game to ever hit the shelves, BUT, hope you have a killer PC with lots of RAM, good graphics card and memory. This game will be very jerky and laggy even on low settings. Everything else on it is good, the weapons and the vechiles are amazing. Just hope you have a VERY good pc.
In my opinion, Sly Cooper is the best platform next to Mario but don't get too excited because it's still a platform.  Sly Cooper looks great and makes good use of the cel shaded graphics.  That's probably the best part of the game.  The game can be more looked at as a platform on a rail or a combination of 2D and 3D.  If you have played Crash Bandicoot, you get the idea.  In fact, Sly Cooper probably uses an upgraded version of the crash Bandicoot engine.  The gameplay has a lot of new additions but for anyone who has played Crash Bandicoot the gameplay will seem very familiar at some points.The game has five different worlds, each is introduced as an entirely 3D environment, but that's just deceiving. Your real goal is to find the doors in which you will enter a mission and be forced to complete a linear 2D/3D railed obstacle course.  It's a little more creative than Crash Bandicoot where you literally where in a portal room and each of the missions had a door with a label on it.  The Objective of each world is to gather all the keys that lay in that world.  You collect the keys by passing the linear obstacle courses obviously.  Once you have collected all the keys of that world, you can now use them to gain access to the boss of that world.  Then you beat the boss and move on the next world.  Think Crash Bandicoot again, only you actually see yourself inside of a van, and you see your progress on a map in a cartoon like cut scene, this indicates your in the process of traveling to the new world.  In Crash Bandicoot, the portal room just moved up to a new floor with all new missions again.The game has awesome graphics, and very good dialog.  The cut scenes are literally cartoon quality.  At times, you will feel like your actually playing a cartoon.  The game has a story line, it's a rather weak one, but I thought it was surprisenly mature.  The story starts off by Sly Cooper giving you a history briefing about how his whole family was killed by some thugs the night his families jewel, &quot;The Thievious Raccoonus&quot; was stolen.  Since then, he's been on a mission to get it back.  I don't remember the last time anyone was killed in the story line of a Mario game.
If you've never played the Rollercoaster Tycoon series, than by all means, quickly buy the sequel because it's probably one of the most enjoyable games ever.  It has a simple concept behind it yet the game keeps you hooked for months.  If you love designing and creating, this IS the game for you as it's basically a layman's theme park builder.  For those that did play the first game, I have a small warning for you:  Unless you're hopelessly addicted to the first game and its many expansions, you probably won't get much out of the sequel.  It's almost a carbon copy of the first game.  Some of the rollercoaster building mechanics have changed, there are new attractions, and you can now play on maps that are realistic portrayals of the popular Six Flags theme park chain.  Other than that, everything is the same, even the graphics (which are usually the first thing to get updated in a sequel) don't look any different.  My recommendation for anyone that is the patient type and wishes to buy this game is to wait a month or two.  There are already two expansions for the sequel.  Games like these are quickly packaged into bargain combo packs and I imagine it won't be long before both expansions are available with the original game at a low price.
Don't buy this game if you're looking for a totally updated version.  It's not.  Its really just an expansion pack -- a good one (unlike loopy landscapes and the other one which didn't really add much).  I really think that you shouldn't label a game part 2 unless you completely redo the interface, plot or some other MAJOR part of the game.  This was just some nice add ons and tweaking.
But on a console it really loses something.Compared toGTA Vice City, this game is simply an inferior copy. One of the great improvements fromGrand Theft Auto IIIto VC was its licensed soundtrack. Also to compare,Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Storieshad most of the original GTA3 radio with a few new songs and a new channel. For this game they only kept the worst VC channel, the Latin channel and nearly all the new music, outside of maybe two songs, is awful.The GTA series has never really been about the story, but the laughably bad cut scenes fall flat in this one. It doesn't help that the voice acting is terrible and the characters are almost all annoying one-dimensional stereotypes.Vice City had a number of things, like the full map or motorcycles, which the original GTA3 did not. So GTA:LCS with those improvements was a better game. In this game you can swim, but it isn't a huge part of the game. Honestly this isn't really much of an improvement. If anything the fact that it originated on the PSP means that it has a much worse engine than the original PS2 games.Just go back and play the original Vice City, don't listen to this "story."
I'm a huge gta Fan and always wanted to own all the GTA games. I regret getting this one though, it's insanely boring. Just stick to San Andreas and GTA 4, or preorder GTA V.
Ok, I do admit when grand theft auto 3 came out for ps2 I thought it was the best game ever. But I mean after a while it gets really boring. The loading is slow in the beggining, the missions are ridiculosly hard. And the game has quite of a crapy story. I mean after a while of killing people and getting chased by cops...cmon. What ever happen to people getting addicted to classic games like Mario and Zelda. Now hip-hop has taken over the world. I mean the real fun thing is the radio because K-chat is fu**** funny. But after the chainsaws and boozucas, it gets boring.I'm glad that in the prequal they put mortocycles. But then the new prequal San An Dreas, which is taking place in the 70's, they should come out with games that take place in the present. I meant this ones cool and all because they tried to make it look like "Scarface", but cmon.In the prequal for the radio there better be some "Sex Pistols", "The Clash", "The Ramones" or at least the "Misfits". Don't but this game unless your an idiot.
I did not like this game at all.The only reason I gave it a 2,instead of a 1,is because it's based in Vice City.But I thought the storyline and the main character was lame.I would say pass this up,and stay with the original Vice City.It's alot better.
No, it isn't. Not even close. Bland story, decent gameplay, subpar graphics. It's not as emmersive as Halo ever was. And compared to te Red Faction series, this game isn't even close. Nice level editor and multiplayer, though I wish it was online.
Time Splitters 2 is one of the most anticipated sequels to a first person shooter that I can remember.  I played the first game and was impressed by it.  The multiplayer was one of the best to date, and the overall game was really good.  Not unbelievable, but good.  Now we have Time Splitters 2 and I am a fan of the first person shooter.  It's not my favorite type of gameplay, but I do like it and I also like it when companies who develop first person shooters do their best to try and mix the style and game play up a bit.  It isn't that TS2 isn't uniqute, because it is, and it's actually pretty cool going through time and venturing into all those far and away lands.  The real problem here is, well, the game is just too damn hard to enjoy.  This coming from someone who has beaten Devil May Cry and Metal Gear Solid on its hardest levels.  The first level, in Siberia, and the Atom Smasher level, are two of the hardest mission I have EVER played in my video game history.  It took me 3 hours to beat Siberia and 6, yes that's right 6 hours to beat the Atom Smasher level.  So as I finished up TS2, I realized that for just being a first person shooter, with a lot of cool guns, this game is not worth recommending.  Buy and play it if you wish, if not, go for Red Faction 2 or Agent Under Fire.
There are some points I'd like to make clear before I go any further.  One, it's now 2007 so it's been a while since this was released.  Two, I only tried single-player story mode before stopping (more later).  Three, I LOVED TS: Future Perfect.I definitely seem to be in a different corner from other reviewers.  Generally people love this game.  After 3 levels of single-player mode, I realized it was pi**ing me off more than providing fun.Looks aren't a problem.  Unless your a graphics fetishist there's nothing to complain about how it looks, even today.  Not too blocky, nice environments, smooth framerate.The problem for me arises in the actual gameplay.  First, I hate aiming with my thumb, and prefer a fixed site that moves with you until you choose a zoom sight for, say, a rifle.  This sight is hard to zero in with and almost impossible to use on a moving target.  Choose not to use aiming mode and who knows where your shots will land?  If you're happy thumbing it, then it won't be a problem for you.But over and over I found the missions (played on medium difficulty) to be obnoxious.  The save system sucks big time, and you too often find yourself playing an entire level over and over again if you mess up.  There are checkpoints here and there, but you lose them if you have to quit.  I don't always want, or have the time, to play through an entire level.  Granted, they aren't horribly long, but I'm the type of player who likes to take his time and look around.  If you're the blow-through-as-fast-as-I-can type, it might not be a problem for you.  I just put it away in frustration after getting tired of failing several times for no apparent reason on the 3rd mission (the "rescue the girls from zombies" one).That's about the gist of it for me.  With other reviews being so glowing it may be that I just don't "fit" the game.  Or, maybe, having played Future Perfect first ruined it for me.  Still, that doesn't remove the frustration factor from this one.  Sad, that, since, as I said at the beginning, I absolutely love love LOVE Future Perfect.  That game really has it all!  If you haven't played either this or Future Perfect, I strongly recommend FP but you might want to rent this one (if you can find it) or buy it very cheap.
This is one of the few X-box titles I got rid of before completing the game.  It just isn't worth a lot of play-time when there are many, many, more well made interesting games than this one.  I guess I should be more specific.Graphics - mediocre.  Monsters, buildings etc. appear very two dimensional.  BloodRayne looks hot in a skin-tight cat-suit, but that is intersesting for about 10 minutes.Gameplay - mediocre to poor.  Method of jumping, shooting, changing weapons is unatural and awkward.Story - goofy.  That about sums it up.I definately would not buy this game.  As a rental, may be fun for a couple of days.
I find this game to be okay, I am not crazy about the camera and controller setup. I think Blood Rayne II makes great improvements in these areas.I bought this mostly because I am a fan of Blood Rayne, (I wish the movies had been better). I wanted more insight on Rayne's beginnings.So I bought it more so for brand loyalty. I think the game is okay, but the second one is much better.Blood RayneBlood Rayne 2
Rated 2.5(middle of the road)This game has many clever elements, like a game where a wave of zombies is entering this house, you are not allowed to leave it and must blast zombies as they enter the room from different doors. The effect is like being able to play around inside a Romero horror film, to a certain degree. Graphically, this is an arcade-looking game, but it's focus is more on its difficulty than story, character, graphics, guns, modes or anything else.I am disappointed in the music, the title screen techno is pretty nice, but mostly the music is either unimpressive, repetitive techno or something like Danny Elfman run through a computer. When you're shooting up zombies and aliens, subtlety is not needed. Ideally, the music should have gotten your blood pumping.What I really enjoyed was the level designs, some are far better/worse than others. You can go to Notre Dame and 1930's Chicago (a Perfect Dark reference?) right next to each other. However, I never knew *WHY* I was doing whatever I was doing, or why and how I'm able to move through time or change genders, as it was more left to the imagination, because there's no intro cinema scene. So obviously the characters and story meant nothing to me, I didn't have a reason to want to get further in the game beyond seeing new level graphics. The levels themselves are nice, but seem more like a wide hamster tunnel than detailed, realistic, full areas. There are plenty of areas that lead to nowhere and wasted space. There's just not enough to do in a level like the Dam to want to go back to play it again and again (like Goldeneye 007), moving through the endless repetitive layers of stairs simply on a higher difficulty level w/ more objectives doesn't thrill me.I liked the more bizarre characters but most are military, old-fashioned or zombies - they're all in a tacky cartoon-ish style, baggy pants, gargantuan breasts, PVC suits and so on in lame PS2-quality models. If you like Aliens, Plasma weapons, black leather, guns that take up 25% of your screen, techno music, futurist settings and so on, this should be a hit. I alternated between accepting the game on it's goofy terms and wishing it were either more serious, goofy or just plain better executed. It's fun while it lasts, but the biggest kicks I got was from the absurdity, references to Perfect Dark/007 (when it's hardly anything like either of those games, you won't play it nearly as much - more like Quake), and graphics for levels. I do actually enjoy this somewhat, but if this is the Best FPS of *2002*, Vgame genres could use a cerebral revolutionary bath.
This is a weird RPG with a weird plot. Bad graphics. Ugly environments. The The fighting system is bad. You have to stop. Characters are not who you'd care about. Just a bad game.
This game is a huge disappointment because they spent so much time working on it but it still is crap. Awful sound and the camera is still the games big problem. It's not very long and after you beat, you don't want to play it again so you wasted money. don't buy it.
Tomb Raider was one of the first games I played on the Playstation 1 back in 1998 (when it was still called merely the Playstation). Back then I was thoroughly impressed with the game's combination of exploration and puzzle solving gameplay. Now the Playstation 2 brings Lara Croft back for a new adventure and the results, to say the least, are disappointing.Tomb Raider: Angel of Darkness' main problem is that it doesn't give you anything new. It's all been done before. Sure there are some stealth moves that are now incorporated into the gameplay. But all of Lara's patented moves are here, but they all seem rather passe' by modern game standards. Lara jumps, flips, and climbs with her usual flair but it's nothing we haven't seen before. The controls are often so sluggish you'd think that Lara was walking in mud when she was performing alot of these moves. It feels as if the game was rushed unessecerily to meet a deadline. The game had been in fact delayed since Febuary of 2003, but it seems that all that extra time in development did not help any.The graphics are standard &quot;Tomb Raider&quot;. Lara still looks like the same old Lara. Which is somewhat of a let down. When you compare Tomb Raider: AOD's graphics to other contemporary PS2 games such as Metal Gear Solid 2, Splinter Cell, SOCOM:US Navy SEALs, and even it's explorer counterpart Indiana Jones, you feel that so much more could have and SHOULD have been done to beef up the graphics of a game like this. At the very least Lara's character model should have been updated to give her a more photo-realistic look. The streets of Paris are rendered nicely but the environment overall looks rather plain and sterile. You don't get any feeling that you're going anywhere special. The action often at times suffers from MASSIVE slow down. Which really hampers gameplay. Running at a steady clip is reduced to a veritable crawl.I could go on but suffice it to say that this game is a huge letdown on so many levels. The series is now in the midst of changing hands to a new developer, Crystal Dynamics. Here's hoping that they can breathe new life in this ailing franchise.
looks like this game was put on the market long before it was actually completed. Lots of glitches, awkward camera angles, rough control of movement in general. It's a good thing the game allows you to "save" at any point during play, cause you're going to die a lot! She's hard to control and will fall to her death with monotonous regularity *yawn*. Other than that, pleasant enough graphics and story line (typical tombraider stuff). Nothing innovative and would have greatly benefited from a little more work prior to game release... boo hoo.. definitely rent before buying.
I've been a huge fan of Spyro the Dragon for many years. This is the first release of Spyro for the PS2, and is made by a new company.I had heard many poor reviews about Spyro in the hands of this new company. It was made by Universal Interactive instead of Insomniac, who wrote the old Spyro games. I still have my older Spyro games so I played them side by side to see just what the difference was.First, yes the graphics are better. I would hope so! The other games are from 2000 and before, and were for the Playstation (not the PS2). So in this new version the baskets, for example, are very pretty with their weave and decoration. The water ripples when Spyro runs through it, the grasses in the water wave. Even so, curved surfaces aren't as smooth and clean as in other current games, such as FFX and Kingdom Hearts.Graphics do not make a game, though, and we found the new Spyro gameplay to be ... sluggish. In the other Spyros you feel like you have an energetic kitten on your hands, one that jumps and springs and moves quickly. In this new Spyro, it's more like a baby elephant lumbering along. The sounds don't seem to match up well with screen actions, either. There are often delays between when an action occurs and the sound kicks in.Even worse, though, are the serious coding errors evident. I'm a programmer by profession so I know it can be tough to make a game perfect. However, this game didn't seem to get even simple testing done before it was released! There were NUMEROUS problems with drawing glitches on the screen, causing giant polygons to block our view. And when we tried to play through the display problems, it crashed. Repeatedly.I really wanted the game to work well. The plot of 'the dragonflies have been stolen' seemed fun. You got to have bubble breath to capture them, and lightning breath for other tasks. There were the usual gem collecting and fun enemies. But with the sluggy gameplay and the continual crashes, it becomes very tiring very quickly. Rent this one first to see if your love of Spyro is enough to overcome those obstacles.
A number of reviews have already mentioned the worst thing about this game: the obscenely long cut-scenes. I started to time one of the longer ones, but after 30 minutes I couldn't take it anymore! The cut-scenes add little to the game play. Mostly they're gushy emotional diatribes that have some sort of message like "give peace a chance" or "all you need is love" or "don't poop in the tub."The weaponry in this game was pretty exciting - but you never really USED IT! Despite having guided missles, automatic assault weapons, and grenade launchers - you spend most of the game with a tranquilizer dart, sneaking around. (In fact, I didn't use the grenade launcher once the whole game!)Finally, the story-line is about as convoluted as it gets. By the end of the game, I really don't know what's been going on. With so many "twist-turns" they turn a straight-forward game on its head.Save your money. This game is too preachy, and lacks exciting gameplay. ...
Rent this game to test it before purchasing.It is very different from similar games (Halo, Splinter Cell, etc).  Although I like those other games, I did not like Metal Gear Solid.In short, it has VERY long movie scenes (I think I had to watch about 20 minutes of video before playing, and the game is constantly pausing to show you other short movies). You feel more out of control of the player than you do in other shooting games (Ghost Recon, Splinter Cell, Halo, etc).  The result of the movies and the awkward control is that you don't feel engaged as a player.After about a half-day I gave up on this one and returned it.If you like to get caught up in the "plot" of a shooter videogame, and the action is just an aside, then this is probably a good selection.  If you prefer action, and like the plot as a nice backdrop, then you are not likely to enjoy this game.
I went to my friends house to see what this game was all about.  Well we started with such excitment but yet, I grew board of this game really fast.  He ended up beating the SOL story in 2 days, and I hardly played any of it.  He got board of it too, cuz he had SOL as well.  Well here's the dealGameplay:Well the same except on the Xbox you have to hit the left anolog stick to get out of 1st person view, and that makes you not wan't  to get your cover blown, and the game suffers from slowdown, which really ticked me off.Graphics:Whoever said that this took advantage of the Xbox graphics is lyin.  There nearly the same as the PS2's or a slight bit worse, but anyway, they look kinda the same.  So not much canged here.Sound:Well yea the sound is a bit better than the PS2's, and that so far is the first advantage the Xbox had over the PS2Value:Well if you are a fan of metal gear and have every single game, like me, then you pretty much have this game.  The VR and alternate missions:You can just pop in MGS VR missions and there u go; Snake tales:They were intruiging at first, but they are very dissapointing once you're done; SOL if you have SOL for the PS2, then it's pretty much the same old game, just a diffrent system, unless you wanted to play as Snake very badly, but I don't give a ...Overall:This game is very dissapointing to me and my friend.  This will not even be as nearly praised as MGS2.  This is baisicly a port of MGS2.  I was expecting another great port like Max Payne, but got Resident Evil's directors cut.  Anyone with a PS2 and has MGS2, and thought that substance was the reason to buy an Xbox, belive me you rather wait till it comes out for the PS2, unless that'll be a letdown as well.  If you have both systems with MGS2, I'd rather wait for Splinter Cell, DOA Xtreeme Volyball or Halo 2 than buy this if I were u.  My friend wanted to sell it, so I got someone for him that brought it.  If u have only a Xbox, then u jes might get this game.
This game may have more songs than its Japanese cousin but that does not mean it is better. It's completely neutered from the Japanese version instead it plays catch up with the Japanese versions. This would eventually set the stone to how American DDR versions play catch up to Japanese home versions. Yes, this version has 71 songs over the Japanese version's 44. The vast majority of the songs here HAVE ALREADY APPEARED in Japanese versions so we find this game complete and utterly useless. Yes, for every one unique licensed song this game has, there are about a dozen more found in Japanese versions.
This game is definitely one of the most frustrating games currently out for the PC.  First of all, you need a very, very powerful computer to even be able to play it.  (I have a Pentium 4 computer with 1,024 RAM and a very nice graphic card and I still got a lot of slowdown)This game is definetely for either, A. die-hard strategists who love complicated games that involve you knowing how to attract people to your city, keeping the taxes low, keeping the people happy, having enough jobs etc., all at the same time.  Very difficult to do when you have your advisors screaming repetitive information back at you.The music is something in it's own.  It has a wonderful feature that you can access.  That feature is the ability to turn the music off.  The music has been repeated through every Sim City and will most likely be in the next one as well.  At least they were smart enough to include the ability to shut off the sound.One last closing note,....You know those wonderful pictures of that city with huge skyscrapers on the back of the box and the front as well?  Well, good luck getting your city to look like that without cheats.
Visually Mortal Kombat: DA is one of the best looking fighting games I have seen on any console, only falling in a close second behind Dead of Alive 3 on the XBOX.  The only thing I did not like about the graphics are some of the characters.  They are WAY WAY out of proportion and look very unrealistic, This is very noticable in the women characters.One good thing is this game is that the menus in the game are spectacular; the game starts in a hallway and depending on what game mode you choose the screen pans as you are walking down the hall into different rooms.The sound in the game is pretty good but nothing spectacular.  Here is where the game starts to go downhill.First of all Midway has changed the fighting system which is a good idea, but it needs alot more work.  Each character has 3 different fighting styles you can choose from during the match.  Each fighting style has different moves and different button combinations.  The first two fighting styles are basically two forms of martial art and the last fighting style is your character with a weapon.  While this is a good idea it makes the game very cumbersome, I am sure it would take some getting used to, so this may not bother you.  However one thing I really did not like is the actual game play and feel of the game.  To me the characters seem slow to respond to your commands and in the meantime get pummeled by his/her opponent.  Even after you perform the correct button combinations for a special move, your character seems to wait a split second to actually do the move, which can get very frustrating; especially against an opponent who only does the same "cheese" move for the entire match.The same holds true for the "monster"(ie, GORO, MOTARO) opponent near the end of the game.  He has this move in which he sucks you towards his mouth and hits you while you're in the air.  This brings me to another point, MK:DA seems to have move cheap moves resulting in cheesy wins; especially with the weapon.  I never did enjoy the weapons aspect even when it was in MK4, and I feel that they need to be removed.Another disappointing thing is that each character now only has one fatality, which gets old pretty fast.  You would think on a powerful system like the XBOX, Midway would have been able to get in at least 3 fatalities per character, but instead they settled with one.Finally, one thing I did not enjoy about the game is having to unlock most of the characters.  You start of with 12 some totally new and some old ones that we know. But you can get the others by gaining various coins and going down to the crypt to "buy" them.  Basically for every computer player you beat during story mode you get X amount of coins.  Those coins add up and you can then go into the games "crypt" and open one of the 676 various coffins for a various amount of money.  The catch is you have no idea what is in the coffin until you actually open it.  Most of the coffins contain artwork, other coins, and some are even empty.  There are about 20 or so coffins that contain new boards and characters but they are very expensive.  For example to get Raiden, you need 3300 gold coins!  Let me put this in perspective; if you beat the game with a character you may only get at most 150 gold coins.  Most coins you get are ruby and graphite coins, which are not that valuable.  Needless to say you will be playing for a long time just to get one new character.  This is not necessarily a bad thing, if you don't mind playing the game over and over again but for me, I would rather have all characters available or at least not so expensive to get.Aside from the character situation I found this game to be quite boring.  To me it seemed rushed in my opinion, it has so many aspects to be the best fighting game on XBOX, but it has fallen short.  I was expecting at least 3 fatalities per character, but there is only one.  Also the fact that you have to "buy" new characters is kind of disappointing.  Even if there were a code to get the characters I probably still would not buy the game because it gets boring so fast.This game is not for everyone and my suggestion is the rent this game before you buy it.  Which is what I did.
I was anxiously waiting for this game, when i played it, i didn't liked it!! It's fun i didn't like the whole thing about you protecting mario, and then he cries if the baddies get to him.  Some parts are like strategically you have to figure out what to do!, I didn't liked it, but it was someewhat fun
Well I Got the game because I thought it would have cute animals . Well If you call animals that call each other names , say you are lame , fight and just plain act rude. Then I guess this is the game for you . But I dont think small kids need to see game animals act so bratty . I would also like to know why so many of the girl animals seem so stuck up and obsessed with there looks ? I think the game was made by a guys . I also found it anoying that the store was closed so much of the time .The game is O.K. but slow and my kids hated it . Also to the reviewer that said there 3 year old can play because the game was mostly icons . That is just not true you have to read all the time and write letters . But when you get letters back they will tell you that you are hard to under stand or you just are dumb.  If you just want to kill time then play . But becareful they might hurt your feelings .
I will start by saying that my sister is an addict of this game. So is my friend, who has not only moved into town but has already payed off and made an addition to his little virtual house. I, personally, can't stand this game.I have played this for maybe 30 minutes, and that was enough for me. Very slow paced and boring.
I think this game is great for young children but it wasn't really my thing. Although there are people out there that love it. It's too time consuming. I love to get a new game and play it nonstop for week or two but this game requires more time. So much more time.
Looking like a 3D Age of Empires with three separate races almost as different as to be like Starcraft, Age of Mythology had potential to be a great game.Despite being an old game of only 1.5 gigabytes or so, the game ran smoothly, with units moving in formation automatically, looking quite smooth and small.  It is still gratifying to see villagers hit a tree with a few axe hits, then see the thing keel over and stay on the ground until it's been fully chopped, or to see dying units stay on the field, gradually disintegrating into corpses, then into nothing.There's nothing wrong at all with the engine or the animation or anything.  It was fun and highly entertaining.  The thing that drags this game down is where all strategy games should shine their brightest: combat.A single Greek Hoplite takes up 2 population points, with each house providing 15 population points, each town center about 15-20 (I forget) and you receiving a limit of 10 houses on a map, and only as many town centers as there are villages on the map (which as as sparingly placed as gold mines), so you're never likely to have an army bigger than a few dozen units at a time.But you're never likely to get 50-60 or even 100 units on the field at once.  The higher up you progress on the unit scale, the more population each unit eats up.  None of the units is particularly effective against other units save to bash at them for a minute or so before their target dies.The mixing of mythology and reality in the game is almost seamless, but there's still a sense of disbelief to it, and when even the most basic Myth unit overpowers some of the toughest Human units, it pretty much becomes a literal "Age of Mythology"Battles will be decided mostly by myth units.  It doesn't matter if you've amassed an army of hundreds of basic infantry, because a wave of Colossi, or Dragons, or Anubites, or a spell like Meteor, Lightning storm, etc will wipe them out in minutes if they are in big enough number.God powers are another thing that are grossly overpowered.  While it's absolutely beautiful watching meteor strike smack into an enemy base and leave giant craters while temporarily flooding the area with light, it's a bit much to see almost the entire selected patch of an enemy base crumbling before a single meteor strike or earthquake or whatever.  Granted, you can only use this godpower once per level, but who needs to use it more than once?Myth units get progressively stronger as you upgrade and select different Gods to worship and gain their respective powers, upgrades, and myth units, but in the end all infantry and cavalry are rendered useless before the might of the myth units.  The same problem that plagued Red Alert 2 plagues this game.Goods:- Simple, yet smooth and beautiful graphics make the game fun to watch.- A complex array of units awaits those who wish to fight with humans rather than myth units.- Units speak their native languages (Greeks speak ancient Greek, Egyptians speak ancient Egyptian, Norse speak some sort of Scandinavian).- Easy and steady interface makes it user-friendly and not a mad rush for resources or a mad rush for infantry.  Slow and steady could actually win you the race, if you're playing wisely.Neutral:- Myth units are a bit garish in their style and size.- God powers can be used only once, which is good for some (like meteor or earthquake) and bad for others.- Buildings can take a long time to break down, requiring siege equipmentBad:- Myth units are grossly overpowered, and render human infantry useless once into the midst of the game.- Strict population limits and high unit population cost means combat will be limited and no more than 80 units can be fielded by one side at a time.- Repetitive nature of Myth units and God powers makes replayability a myth in itself.- God powers are souped up superweapons, with an earthquake capable of leveling an entire enemy base of all its buildings save for town centers, fortresses, and other heavier buildings.All in all, it was a fun game to play at first, but replayability is not a realistic thought.  Myth units dominate the game (which some would argue they should, being as the name of the game is "Age of Mythology", but it does so at the cost of human infantry entirely).  If myth units are designed to be the elite in this game, why bother with so much work on an extensive and quite complex selection of human infantry/cavalry?That appears to be my only major problem, but it's a big one.
While at the mall, I was pretty bored of most strategic games. So I picked up Age of Mythology thinking I would be treated to a great gift. But now I have mixed feelings for the game.It is just like ages of empires. The resources are the same and gathering them are the same. But there is a new one called favor. To buy myth units or certain upgrades you need favor. For the Greeks you pray at a temple, Egyptians build monuments, and Norse fight. The Greeks are basically the regular race. The main one in the game. They are okay, but kinda boring after a while. The Egyptians have cool god powers, and do not really need to chop wood for any reason. The Norse are the best, they have the best units and can build quickly with their army. While playing online, Norse always dominate because they build several fortresses right outside your town then attack. Because Norse build buildings with their infantry, they have a huge advantage. But their godpowers are not that great compared to the other races.God powers are given to you when you advance an age. If you advance to a new age you get to pick a minor god to worship, and each god has its own god power. Most of the god powers are kinda lame, and you can just waste. Zeus has a lighting bolt which kills one unit, but does not kill main units in the story, so it has no point. The only good ones are meteor, tornado, plenty vault, and earthquake. Meteor and tornado are the best Egyptian god powers, because they decimate areas of buildings. Earthquake and plenty vault rock. Earthquake belongs to the Greek and totally destroys every building in an area. Plenty vault also belongs to the Greek and provides a steady resource flow.But the fighting gets old. The unit selection is awesome, but still, norse will win. Norse have the best units and just rock. Egyptian do not need alot of wood, so they can be good. Greek needs everything and the only rewarding experience is the 2 god powers I mentioned above. If you truly love ages of empire you can like this game. Most missions result in you killing one unit, then going on to the next mission and rebuilding your base all over. So the campaign gets really frustrating. Especially on moderate where the attacks are constant. In all seriousness, if you want to buy this game go ahead, but please wait till it is on sale.
I have never played #2 or #3, but from what I've read and heard, they have all the parts of this game that I didn't like amplified. I originally rented this years ago in a quest for a new platform in between Spyros. It was kind of cute, but everything just seemed dull and repetitive. No puzzles, missions, or anything. Just firing at enemies. Eventually I got to an area where I couldn't find the way through, passed the controller on.
It wasn't that good at all. Constantly the same fighting all the time. It doesn't even follow the Two Towers story line! it follows Fellowship of the Ring!It would have been better if there was a two player mode, and a little more to it.
For the life of me,I can't figure out why so many people think that this is a great game.The sims on the PC is mildly amusing,but it get's sooooo repetitive.Get up,clean up,go to the bathroom,eat,go to work,come home,watch tv,go to sleep NOW REPEAT ABOUT 500+ TIMES!!!Sadly,the PS2 version is even worse;as a matter of fact,I could tell early on in the game,that this was a rushed project.There's only a handful of diffrent styles to choose from esp. with the accesories,and hairstyles(most of the hairstyles look really dumb by the way).Also you can only make your sim have a punk look(mohawk,goth make up)if your sim is female.Why??I thought that the sims was supposed to have all these outrageous options.As for the "get a life" mode,it's a total joke.There were some good concepts put in,but the creators tied them together terribly.One of the main problems was that there was such a flimsy stress on the time schedule.The mom would never go to sleep at a certain time;sometimes she would sleep all night,sometimes she would stay up and then sleep all day.You will also be annoyed at how many times she will wake you up at 3 or 4 in the morning just to watch tv or listen to the radio!!The mom is also a total slob;throwing trash on the floor,leaving dirty dishes out and even going to the bathroom in the kitchen!What's even worse is that you HAVE to play this terrible mode of play in order to unlock certain furniture in the regular sims mode.Believe me,after hearing "mom" nag at you for about 70% of the things that are HER fault,you'll be quitting this REALLY quick!!I don't know,I guess the sims is a game that you either love or hate.This is just my opinion,but I don't understand what all the hype is about.If you are one of the many sims fans however,I suggest you play this game on the PC rather than the PS2.This game is not as great as you might think it would be;I'm just mad that I wasted $.. on this one.
I bought this game as soon as it came out, as I'm addicted to the computer Sims. It's nothing like the original Sims. The basic premise is the same, but the controls are horrible! One of the best parts of the game is to build your own house for your Sims. No matter how I tried it, I couldn't get it to happen. I would recommend avoiding this game at all costs. There's a good reason why so many people are selling this game in the Amazon.Com marketplace.
The original Half-Life had a story (and it was fun).Half-Life 2 has no story (and after a short while, it gets boring).You go through a building, and shoot bad guys.You go through a sewer, and shoot bad guys.You go through a building, and shoot bad guys.You go through a city block or two, and shoot bad guys.You go through a building, and shoot bad guys.You go through a city block or two, and shoot bad guys.You go through a building, and shoot bad guys.You go through a city block or two, and shoot bad guys.You go through a building, and shoot bad guys.Etc.Boring.What's the point?There is no storyline.Keep in mind that it's not just Half-Life 2, but also:* Half-Life 2: Episode 1* Half-Life 2: Episode 2* Half-Life 2: Lost Coast...but the above 3 expansions must be purchased separately...and they are just more of the same...so, don't waste your time or money.If you want to play this game, then save some time by using the cheat codes, and just play through it quickly.This is a poor continuation/sequel to the classic original.Visit my Amazon Collections to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:http://www.amazon.com/gp/customers/A12LH2100CKQO/collections
My first time playing any of the Half-Life games. Were the others as frustratingly difficult to setup/register ? Also, this game brought my computer(Chip-P4 HT@3.0/800fsb ...RAM-1gb DDR2 ...CARD-Radeon X800SE PCI Express 128mb) to it's knees.I have virtually nothing running in the background + turned down my desktop resoution to 800x600. Which detracted from the anticipated graphic experience. I know it's not top-o-line, but I thought the gameplay on lower setting wouldn't as bad(Slow/Choppy/Jerky and sound problems) and the graphics were comparable to games costing half the price. The game itself seemed enjoyable, but I guess you really need patience in registering and a $3,000+ computer system to "focus" on the experience of Half-Life 2 :-) Maybe I expected too/so much, considering all the hoopla over the predecessors and the buzz about this release ? And at $50, well, I bought some older games to tide me over(...new to gaming)until these new releases that just came out, and the 4 games in total cost less than Half-Life 2. Each of the 4(Thief 1,2,3 and Deus Ex) were more enjoyable(gameplay) while the graphics were just fine with me.I'm more concerned with gameplay than graphics. With me, gaming isn't a cinematic event.
Half Life 2 may be okay for a game that's over a year old.  But the problem is that the general public has never played it.  It's aging FAST.  When (or if) it finally comes out, it will be rather dated and unimpressive.The other problem is that the enthusiasm for this game peaked about eight months ago and has been in decline ever since.  Timing is very important in game releasing and I think HL2 missed the mark by a long shotI hope it will come out, and I probably will purchase it.  If so, I will revise my review accordingly.  As for now, it is turning out to be one of the biggest disappointments in recent PC game history.Not September 15Now  November 1, 2004We shall see.  Maybe for Christmas THIS year.
This game is a SLIGHTLY better game then Just Bring It.  The superstars do look awfully like the real-life wrestlering stars. There is finally a diffcultly setting, although it doesn't seem to work while you're doing a &quot;Season&quot;The voice acting is a slight improvement, although it's J.R. and The King except for Tazz and Cole.  The story lines are realistic and sometimes interesting.  The only gripe I have about the game is an effective COUNTER system.  The CPU is as relentless as in Just Bring It.  The controls are easy to pick up, although you have to mash buttons to see different moves.  I still think the best WWE game is WWF NO MERCY for the Nintendo 64.  Shut Your Mouth does have more Wrestlers in it than Just Bring It did.A slight improvement over Just Bring It, but only slightly.
Gonna get my metroid on yea...roll under that wreckage, shoot that bad guy...jump that ledge, bomb that false wall....backtrack 5 miles, wait wait wait, what?Yea, you backtrack alot.If you guys have ever played winback, that game where the objective is to backtrack half the time, this game outdoes even winback.Ok so the game is basically a first person shooter. It is linear, There are seperate paths you can go, but you usually will have to stop shortly after because you need a special gizmo or gadget.You don't really need to scan that much to win, even though in the first level they make it seem like you will. Basically you shoot monsters, find things to make your suit do more, and fight bosses for those things, then backtrack.The game has alot of shooting, contrary to what other people say. You will shoot alot of monsters by rapidly clicking the powerbeam button. Eventually, I just started using missles, because every time you kill a guy he leaves something. Well, they don't always leave things, but usually they will leave a health up or missle up. I think it depends on what weapon you use to kill the actual monster.The pros of the game are the great environments. It isn't the same over and over again, actually the backtracking screws that up. You could of gone through tons of different environments, instead you backtrack between like 5 of them, mabye 6. Then there are the graphics, pretty good. The weapons are alright, I love just pounding guys with missles. The morph ball works well, you can use it whenever you want. Then there is the help system. Usually it tells you when there is a save system nearby, and your next objective. Most of the time I am not lost, but sometimes it tells me to go 5 miles to where I just came from and I feel like throwing the game in the garbage.However, the cons of the game greatly out-due all the good things. The control is weird at first, but once you master it, it becomes better. Still, there are points in the game when the control works against you. Say there is a monster shootiong at you from behind. You can't really turn around and keep moving left and right, so you usually will get shot a couple times. Cleared areas usually leave some really tough enemies, that gang up on you and you die. That's another problem, the monsters can be really tough. Usually you can't just shoot the monsters. Most of the time you will have to find a weakness or wait till it turns around and shoot it's back.The overall layout of the game is even worst. Boss, new item, backtrack. You will probably fight 20 bosses in the game. You can get a few energy cell boosters, and missle pack boosters. The only thing is, most of them require you to go out of your way for them. Backtracking isn't that big during the first hour or so of the game, but let me tell you something, it gets worse. You go to this iceworld to get a speed ball reward, then you go ALL THE WAY BACK to your ship. If you play the game and get to the speed ball part, you will know what I am talking about.Besides backtracking and such, the problem is death. Die, reload from last save point saved at. The one problem that could of been avoided easily. Say you get killed? Ok, you can't just continue from the beggining of that boss fight, you are going to have to reload. Say you fight some of the tough enemies, reload. Say you play for 2 hours to get a powerup then die, reload. I think you understand.In closing, the backtracking makes the game bad. The dieing makes the game bad. I wouldn't of minded a shorter game with no backtracking. I wouldn't have minded a retry system for bosses. But these problems overshadow all the good things in the game, and make it not worth playing. Sorry metroid, better luck next time.Overall---&gt;2 Starsn&dagger; good
The age old battle between myself and the lizard king continues!At first I thought this was going to be an awesome game because I love the old metroid games, but it was all a clever trap divised by that creepy Lizard King.  Last time I knocked him into the lava I thought he was gone for good, but I guess it was some sort of illusion or clone.  That guy just won't stay down.  Now he has crossed Metroid with a potato and ruined my day.The game is a lame FP shooter that lacks the spirit of the originals.  It was like : &#34;Here! take samus and throw her into some other game that contains space stuff.&#34;  It's ok, but no Metroid Mother Brain would be proud of.  If you don't know who Mother Brain is then you probably like this game.I am wondering now who told the Lizard King about my love for Metroid. Maybe there is a traitor in my inner circle.  GREAT! Good luck sleeping tonight!
Everyone was talking about this game by the time I bought it... 10 scores, 5 stars... So, of course, I bought. I'm asking: why?The story is about a mercenary - Samus Aran. I'm not very expert in Metroid stuff, but I knew the Chozo -  a race - created her to be a warrior. The Chozo were &quot;the big guys&quot;, with superior technology and stuff... Until one day, some bad guys called the Space Pirates killed most of the Chozo. Samus survived. She grew up and now she's  a great warrior. The game is in future, of course... The planet you'll be in is called Tallon IV... Well, let's go to the real review:- Graphics: OK, here I must say the game rules. The graphics are really perfect. The raindrops fall over your visor,  when it's really hot your visor changes, or when it's cold... I mean... This is one of - if not THE - the best GameCube graphics ever. One of the best game graphics EVER!- Fun: This is where the problem begins... The game is too hard. You must spend something like 40 hours to beat it without a walkthrough... And you have to walk A LOT to go from a place to another one...This makes you REALLY tired... The boss battles make your fingers hurt really bad! You'll surely be confused about controlling Samus. It's really hard too. Every time I play this game, it gives me a big headache. If you think it's fun to be with a big headache and fingers hurting, then this is your game...- Educative: I can't see anything educative here... There isn't any blood, so don't worry with that... Violence? Well, you're just shooting aliens and &quot;bad guys&quot;. You aren't killing humans or anything.After all, you just might rent it, or don't even play it... It'll let you really down..
Cumbersome, awkward controls. Stiff, robotic and unnatural animation. Sub-par graphic design. It reminded me of a 3rd person version of the 1997 N64 game Goldeneye, more than anything else. I read a comment in 'The Official Xbox Magazine' in their review of the upcoming Metal Gear Solid 2- Substance: "It's good, but it's no Splinter Cell." I nearly fell out of my chair laughing. They're acutally 100% correct, but not in the way they meant it. The demo made it painfully obvious that Splinter Cell isn't worthy to scrape the grime from under MGS's toenails. If you want to play a quality stealth/action game, skip this weak attempt and go for the King of the Genre, MGS.
Splinter Cell is one of those games I wish I could finish. The graphics are so beautiful that my friends and I have spent hours just playing the lighting engine, the way curtains flow, the way you can interact with objects... that much is masterful. The gameplay, however, can often be the opposite. There are a lot of reviews, and a lot of ground to cover, so I'm only going to address some key points here. My first draft of this review was also way too long. Trust me, this is the bare bones details of my review.My beef starts with Sam's weaponry. Sam's standard pistol is the most useless pistol I have ever encountered in a game, especially because it's this game. In most conditions, the pistol is so wildly inaccurate that by the time you've moved into killing range you might as well just make the effort to go for hand-to-hand combat. Other times, for no apparent reason, you can take down a dozen guards with as many shots. However, the game tends toward the former most of the time. This is critically saddening because it ruins so many moments. For example, the game's lighting engine means shooting out a lamp will darken the room. To get the jump on some enemies, shoot out the light and when they come to investigate you'll have the upper hand (night/thermo vision... engage). But have fun trying to shoot that light. Your wildly inaccurate pistol and quirky game physics mean it might take you anywhere from one shot to a dozen and agonizing moments of aligning your crosshair until you manage to take out the lamp. My personal record is wasting just under 2 clips before a ceiling light FINALLY blew out. Keep in mind, it only takes one hit to shatter any glass in the game. His other &quot;tools&quot; would require some spoilers to cover and are thus omitted. Mostly, the other weapons and gadgets are excellent.Adding to that, the game revolves around a Metal Gear Solid style alert system which ranges from brilliant to unforgivable. Sometimes, saving yourself from game over is a matter of being quick and making sure guards don't make it to alarms if they notice you. Other times, it's walking around a corner only to not notice the camera setting in the dark until you hear a blaring alarm and &quot;Game Over&quot;. Restart, be more careful, lean around the corner to spy on the action... oops, you caught the camera when it was looking in your direction. Game over. Retry, sneak up, whip out your pistol, lean around the corner, camera's facing away... okay now shoot. Miss. Again. Again. Three more. The rest of the clip. Oh joy, Game Over again.And therein lies the big problem for me- having to restart so much. At times, you'll breeze through whole sections of levels with smooth spy precision as though it was second nature. But unless you're very lucky, 90% of your gameplay time will be retrying the same hallway over and over and over because of any number of problems. The game relies on a &quot;checkpoint&quot; system where you only get to save when you accomplish certain goals. This means, unfortunately, you may spend ten minutes stealthily clearing one section only to open the wrong door at the wrong time and get Game Over before your save. Sorry, Charlie, do it all over again.When you're &quot;in the groove&quot; with this game, it's sheer heaven. The technology is fascinating, the story is enveloping, and using your array of moves and tools is a blast. However, even for a gamer as patient as I am, you're going to need serious dedication to finish this game. As it stands, this game was utterly unplayable for me past the first few levels- one of which took on the order of a full day filled with cursing and various ill-natured gestures toward my television to complete. And in the end, I will only ever touch this game to play around with the gorgeous graphics and gizmos.
I've been a on again off again fan of RE for some time now. I like the concept of the games, but I just don't like the games. RE 2 and every game after it was just too boring. Code Veronica for Dreamcast was the best of the lot in my opinion, so that upped my memories of the games a little bit. Sadly, upon playing RE for the Gamecube, all the truth about this series came flooding back. I rented it for five days, played it for two.First off, this game just isn't scary anymore. RE2 could creep me out like nothing since the original Alone in the Dark. This game however, just feels so "been there, done that.". The first zombie I met I tried to shoot and kill, big mistake. Surprise, it killed me despite being pumped with several rounds from my handgun. So, annoyed, I restarted. This time I ran&#65533; and that worked. After reading up in some walkthroughs, I found out that you spend the vast majority of your time doing just that, running. "Survival Horror". I was depressed. None the less, I figured I'd give it a try. For two days I ran from everything in sight. I tried not to chuckle at the "horror" of it all, and kept running. Even when I finally got the firepower to fight back a little, the game had lost appeal. And of course I use the word "firepower" very lightly, ammo is rarer than gold in just about any RE game out there, and of course you'll never get a useful unlimited hand to hand fighting tool except for your worthless survival knife. Why can't your character effectively shoot them in the head? Just give me some dang weapons and the ability to use them!I really can't see why anyone would enjoy a game of this type. I can't see the appeal to anyone but the most casual gamer or hardcore horror fan. My advice, avoid this one completely. If you're a big RE fan, rent it. But don't buy it without trying it first or you may regret it.- Rirath_com
Resident Evil Zero did not live up to its hype. Graphic wise I think its great but gameplay can get boring at times. Some parts meay leave you stuck looking for puzzle answers instead of having some action. If you haven't played any Resident Evil game or Eternal Darkness then I suggest that you play ED first before playing RE0 just so you could appreciate a good game. - Another note, when you don't make use of bullets effieciently the game is pretty much over, while on the other hand in ED you can always use magic, swords, maces ect.
this is the most broken fighting game of all time, but it has namebrand characters so i can see how it got popular...as a fighter is it worthy? not really..it survived on names only..if it were generic characters it would be a low rated game.
Contra Shattered Soldier features somewhat interesting graphics, the lighting and color is good, but character detail is just a tad watered down and tiny. Standard gun blasts and explosions round out the sound effects, the hard metal music isn't done too well (a more ambient or industrial rock track, or orchestral music would have been more well suited), easy controls, are a plus here, but just not the replay factor. With all that said, this is probably going to be one of the better 2D games you'll see on any of the current console platforms. But that is where this also falls short, 2D games are great, for retro collections, or even for original content, but in this case a Konami greatest hits would have been much more fun, with all the Contras, Castlevanias, etc. This game would have benefited from an upgrade to 3D, like Capcom's Maximo for PS2, or like Nintendo's Metroid Prime, for the GameCube. Contra collectors should pick this title up, but don't expect much. For casual gamers, who want a buttton hitting, shoot-em-up frenzy that's different, try GunGrave for the PS2.
I was addicted to Contra as a kid.  On the old NES, there was hardly a better game, and I spend hundreds of hours on each one, fighting, shooting, blowing stuff up.  I was so excited for this one I could hardly stand it, and I didn't care if it was 2-D.  In fact, I WANTED the game to be exactly the same as the old ones. I bought the game, put it in, and started to play.Then I got bored.  Fast.  I couldn't believe it.  I played for about 20 minutes and couldn't take it anymore.  I shot some stuff, but it just wasn't fun.  One of two things happened.  Either this game is horrible compared to the old games, or I just plain grew out of Contra.  I hope it's the former.This game is hard, but in a frustrating way.  I don't recommend buying this game--rent it once and you will be sick of it before it's due back, even if you're a die-hard Contra fan.
I've observed lots of mixed feelings for this game. At the end of the day, I think there's some confusion over the target audience for this game. Details shall be discussed under the Gameplay heading.
Without a doubt, this is a very beautiful game. Great graphics.However, what I really expected from this game was not just spectacular (and sexy) graphics, but a killer game engine that would overshadow other Beach Volleyball games (on any system), just like Dead or Alive 3 had excellent gameplay for a fighting game (and spectacular graphics). Unfortunately, this is not the case. The gameplay comes down to pretty much push one of two buttons. Even the camera isn't up to the task. More than once did I have to dive for the ball off screen...If you are a fan of the characters: Get the game. If you just want to look at half-naked girls: Buy a magazine or look at the screen shots here. If you want to play good volleyball: Look somewhere else...
If you buying this game hoping to play it on an XBox360, don't bother.  It will not play and there is no update to make it play.  I can't really rate it because of this problem.
With the looming release of the blockbuster in the making next installment of the Lord of the Rings film series, it was inevitable that the license would be delved into video games.  The recent wave of LOTR licensed games have ranged from great (LOTR: The Two Towers for PS2) to godawful (LOTR: Fellowship of the Ring for GameBoy Advance), and here we have The Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring for the PS2.  Contrary to what you might think, this game has more to do with Tolkien's first installment of the books than it has to do with the film.  You can control Frodo, Aragorn, and Gandalf at different parts in the game; each of which has similar regular abilities and some special exclusive ones as well.  Graphicly speaking the game is half decent, as is the sound, but the control is so frustrating and the camera angles are outrageously bad.  Half the time you'll get killed just because the camera angle wouldn't let you see the enemies right.  Not to mention that once you strip away the Lord of the Rings license you'll find that the game is really a simple hack & slasher with a hot license attached to it, and nothing more.  All in all, even hardcore fans of the Lord of the Rings will find something to be disappointed about with this.  My recommendation is to skip this and pick up Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers for the PS2 for some real fun.
To me, the appeal of Suikoden 3 to so many people is one of the world's greatest mysteries, right up there with Roswell, Stonehenge, Easter Island and JFK's assasination.  Why did so many people enjoy this game so much?  My theory is that someone switched the discs in my game when I bought it, and that I was actually playing a fake version of Suikoden 3 that really, really, REALLY sucked.Well at any rate, I'll review the game that *I* played.Suikoden 3 is terrible.  It is one of the most boring games I've played in my life, and I played all the way through it.  Up to the very end, I kept telling myself that the game MUST get better (based on the reviews I read).  Yep, right up to when they started rolling the credits I promised myself the game would get better.It didn't.  Elizabeth R. Powell's review is actually a pretty good description of my experience, though I would disagree with her contention that Hugo's plotline was worth playing.  It wasn't.  The worst part of the game hands are the game triggers (those events that happen when you enter a certain place that "triggers" the game to progress).  Some of the game triggers are so random it's ridiculous.  Sometimes, the game doesn't even tell you what you need to do next (like the chapter you spend recruiting people, and you have to talke to EVERYBODY in ALL the towns you visit).  I spent countless wasted hours running from screen to screen trying to figure out how to progress that damn game, baffled because apparently I was supposed to know I to go to some remote corner of the castle to speak with some character I've never even met before.  How in the world was I supposed to know to do that?  And of course the overly high random encounter rate, coupled with the boring terrain and terrible music made the whole experience dreadful.The story hardly makes up for the game either.  In fact, if the game had good gameplay, I'd probably complain about the boring storyline.  The uninspiring characters make you think Konami game designers flung darts at a personality chart to come up with their characters.All in all, not even worth a rental.  But I do implore you, if you are the least bit curious about the game based on the other reviews (reviewers bribed by Konami no doubt, CONSPIRACY I tell you), RENT, don't buy, the game.  Don't worry, I'm sure you won't mind if you don't finish it in time.
The story is interesting enough I suppose but do I ever hate the battle system and the forced camera angles as you move around.  The battle system and the camera angles ruined the whole game for me, I couldn't play it...and having a donald duckesque character as my body guard really doesn't help me take this game any more seriously.  I am a huge fan of Suikoden 1 and 2 and this game ended up disappointing me to the point of wanting to stay far far away from any new Suikoden releases.
I'm about 40 hours in to the game. Graphics are HORRIBLE, you have to read ALL the dialog, there is no dubbing of any kind...The areas you explore are linear.....a 5 year old could navigate these areas. Whoever developed the maps should get fired. The story is excellent, but they make you go through it 3 times! Gets boring. This is one of those games that I had to put down and come back to out of boredom. I would not reccamend this game to anybody...
I loved the Shinobi series, and its games were amazing thus far, but this one doesn't really live up to its predecessors, and on top of that, its difficulty can rip a metal grinder into shreds. I liked the fact that the main character spoke in Japanese, but anyways, to the important part here... Most enemies are exaggeratedly hard to defeat, and not even the original arcade Shinobi from 1987 was *this* punishing when it came to defeating enemies, and that is saying a lot, since I actually like the original Shinobi arcade game and the Revenge of Shinobi Sega Genesis installment. While I don't mind a bit of challenge, I definitely don't find being ripped to shred every time I play the game in seconds with that obnoxious game over screen my idea of fun. No thanks, I think I'm going to just replay Super Metroid, thank you very much.
If you want to play the ultimate Shinobi game, go to the used game store near your house and pick up Revenge of Shinobi for the defunct Sega Genesis.  Believe it or not, this game has more depth and... dare I say it... better graphics and sound (!...) than the new PS2 version.I never got past the second level of this game, not because it was too hard, but because the game is insanely boring.  Every bad guy in the first stage is exactly the same, and there are no other challenges except to stab and slash your way through them.  The first boss is ridiculous, and you don't even get to [dispose of] it before some woman comes and helps you out.Then when the second stage started, and it looked exactly the same as the first stage, with the same enemies and backgrounds, I said, "Enough with this."Revenge of Shinobi had creativity, unique challenges, well-thought-out levels, good music, excellent graphics and more... none of which this version has.  Perhaps if the creators of PS2 games would spend more time on gameplay and less time on cinema-style scenes between levels (that no one ever watches anyway), we'd get better games.
This game is way to hard and repetitive. Your sword eats away at your health if you don't feed it. The graphics aren't that good. The levels look alike. Hard to master the controls. The story is stupid.
If you can't handle a full on rant don't read this or my Golden Axe Beast Rider review I did a few months back. So here we go Shinobi PS2 or Shinobi 5 if you are a casual gamer don't bother with this game it's very difficult. It has to be said d**n you Sega you have to bring back an old franchise & like how Sega has been ran since they went 3rd party have f***ed it up & the story is pretty good but sh***y controlls ruin it bad camera angles the controller freezing up I have to skip levels which makes me miss out on a pretty good story & it's about this ninja Hotsuma who is trying to stop this group from resurrecting this Sorcer most of his clan have been killed & Tokyo is on the verge of collapse because of these new creatures called Hellspawn. Other than a good story this game is epic fail to what could have been a epic game. To Sega Shinobi, Golden Axe & Sonic all kicked a** on the Genesis/Megadrive 1989-1998. How about you play the original Genesis games Simon Jeffry.
I remembered playing Shinobi (the original arcade version) when I was a kid and it was the first game I ever beat. That was a great feeling and I'll never forget that. I was really looking foward to this and I bought it the first day it came out. All the other reviews are correct, after level 2 it got repeative (even the graphics)and really difficult. If anyone decides to play this I recommend gameshark codes, you'll need them. I like challenges but this was more frustrating than a challenge. I was very dissapointed with this, they could've done so much better. This game I wished I waited till the price went down, definately not worth the $50, but I went ahead and bought it anyways; bad mistake on my part. Some will like this and some will not.
More sonic re releases.  I think we've played Sonic 1,2 and 3 if we wanted to by now.  Same with Sonic an Knuckles and the rest of the junky games you get on this disk.  It's not worth the money unless you see it for 2 dollars at a garage sale.
Panzer ORTA is yet another game release from the "new" Sega, and like many of Sega's new releases, this game was hyped beyond belief before its release, but ultimately PDO turned out to be mediocre at best, much like Toejam & Earl III, JSRF, Gunvalykrie, etc.The potential for this game to succeed was staggering.  WIth the fine legacy left by the Sega Saturn trilogy and hot off the heals of the fantastic PD Saga, I expected PDO to turn out at least on par with what the Saturn versions had to offer.  Instead, we get gameplay very reminscient of the early PD games, basically linear excursions through graphically impressive levels, with mind numbingly lengthy boss battles.  The desire to replay the stages just isn't there and when they constantly throw boss battles that take up to 10 minutes to complete (I'm not exaggerating here..there's a timer counting down your boss battles), PDO just gets old and stale rather quickly.Yeah, yeah...Sega threw in a host of challenges and unlockables in teh Pandora's Box including the full version of PD1, but I didn't buy an XBOX to play 8 year old Sega Saturn games I've already played to death.THe story is rather bizarre and the mini-games you play in the Pandora's Box at first seem to have no connection whatsoever to the main game (it gets clearer as you go on), but the trial and error nature of these challenges will turn off MANy gamers.  Instead of turning out to be an epic game on the XBOX..one that would be talked about for years like the Saturn games, PDO has basically become one of those games that only the hardcore players will flock to and has quickly fallen out of sight and has rarely been mentioned since.IF this is what Sega has become today, then I'll be very wary of any new releases from them in the future!
i thought this game would be good but i was very dissapointed when i played itcons:terrible graphics,enveriments need worked on,cant see your gun,cant tell if enemy or on your sidepros:coop mode,you can pick what type of soilders you want with you
Metroid Fusion is a classic 2D side scroller adventure. You walk around a maze and jump up and down to complete each objective, on the way blasting away aliens/mutants/ugly videogame characters. I appreciate its ease of controls vs. Castlevania, the latter requiring you to press all the buttons at the same time.  The graphics is also among the best I've seen, and finally visible on the sidelit screen of the SP. But games like this are pretty boring after a few minutes, and if you are good you can beat it in a couple hours, with little replay value.  Try renting first.
A lot of people are going to disagree, and that's fine. This is simply my opinion, based on 40+ hours of game play.This game is horrible. The first few hours are awesome, and you'll think it's fun. That charm soon vanishes, and all you're left with is a boring, older, duller version of Kingdom Hearts - as far as gameplay goes anyways.Throw in some cheap watered down version of Sim City, and there you go. Oh, and the building of towns...yeah, mind numbingly boring.Everybody says this is like Zelda for PS2? I say they must be smokin something awesome, because this is nowhere near Zelda.Don't buy into the hype, it's false, and you'll waste money.
One of the most eagerly awaited games came to our screens and consoles not with bang but with a burp. It seems that 'Team Soho' have decided to take a few steps back in the modern day 3D action/shoot-em-up/driver/drama by releasing something that is more than a few notches down from what they should be capable of doing.First of all there are NO camera angles in the car other than 3rd person driver view. No rear view or side views or interior views which is a total shame since it seems like the game engine could actually handle it. Why bother creating a realistic map of London if we can't look around a bit or even SEE the police cars that are chancing us!!!... Seriously!So okay we will forgive it maybe if something else happens like the ultra cool combo movements we have been hearing about but alas Max Payne style character animation has been thrown out the door for something that looks like it has just popped out from 'Afraid of the Dark 1'. The character does two cool movements period. These are.... breaking necks and..... acting drunk when all shot up. Okay... very cool... but I think I paid some money for a GAME here?The cut scenes, story and character animation are NOT BAD at all but I would rather watch 'Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels' than this. I really wanted to play 'The Getaway' and when the action starts and you begin driving you have about three minutes fun and then it all starts to get very repetitive. The car smash physics, controls and damage are great but it is still a few notches down from what you expect (don't expect any stunts or overturning in The Getaway either) because it is simply a bit boring. A few ramps here and there would have made all the difference.Okay so we drive and then we reach the place where we are supposed to do some shooting with sort of 'around the corner' style shots and taking hostages as bullet shields before capping them because they have served their purpose. Cool!!! for awhile and then you find that the actual control of the character is like a 50/50 bet. Sometimes it works and aims and you can shoot and sometimes the enemy is running through a wall or you seem to have targeted him even though he is standing behind a wall and then someone you where aiming at vanishes into a wall and then you say to hell with this someone get The Getaway into product testing fast!!! AND THIS IS THE MORAL OF THE STORY.Team Soho have clearly put themselves under pressure to release a game for that Christmas period. Well that is fine with me and if product stability is put second to XMAS sales figures then fine... but to be quite frank I feel that I will use caution with Team Soho releases. All it would have taken is a little more testing, a few fixes here and there and then we would have something to boast about!Driv3r and Vice City had bugs but where playable... this one is totally not.
I will list the reasons why this game doesn't add up.  First and foremost, controlling the character (Hammond) is almost impossible.  He runs slower than my grandmother, and as he loses health, he runs even slower.  He cannot run up or down stairs-- he tends to prance up them-- not kidding.  The characters use the F word in every cutscene, which is just stupid.  When your player gets in a car, he cannot drive more than 40 mph for some reason, regardless of the type of automobile.  You cannot shoot weapons out of cars while you drive, yet other gang members can shoot at you from their cars.  In out-of-vehicle gun battles (on foot) auto aim is sluggish and often unreliable.  When you get shot, you have to limp to a wall and lean there for 60 seconds to regain health, which gets annoying when gang members are shooting at you.  controls are HORRIBLE, and the weapons selection is very limited (shotguns, MP-5's and AK-47s are the most powerful weapons.ON THE POSITIVE SIDE:  The Getaway has incredible graphics and takes place in a virtual London (downtown area) that is almost a replica of the British city.  Real brand names exist-- you can see popular fast-food places and clothing stores, which adds a lot of realism.  All the major London landmarks are in the game, Buckingham Palace, Trefalgar Square, Big Ben/Parliament, Tower of London/museum, London Eye, etc.. The traffic AI is very impressive, and there are many more cars on the streets than in the popular GTA3 games.Summary: Graphics and cityscape are very realistic, but the sluggish play control makes the game very annoying.
I 'm sorry, but this game was one of the worst games I have ever played.  You just start the game by going through levels using the powers, but your not as aggressive like in Kirbys Super Star, now that was a game!  Every time you get hit, you lose your power!  It is mad annoying.  The story of the game isn't explained until you beat it which doesn't take long at all if your good at adventure games.  This was a poor excuse for a Kirby game.  There was no story and Kirby's powers weren't the same and cool as Kirbys Super Star.  So I don't reccomend this game, I had to find out the hard way how bad it is.
I do not like this game because its hard depressing and not fun. As wario you look for lost treasure beat bad guys so on. Bosses super hard THIS GAME IS FRUSTRATING!
The Gothic thriller taken to new hype. And in that last sentence there is one word that does not belong: Gothic. DMC 2 is essentially Shinobi Redux. There is no story, no mystery, and little more than pressing the buttons to acheive moves.Pros:I strain to find any. But, Disc 2...Lucia's quest is a little better than Dante's. Still has all the cons, though she reminds me of BloodRayne.Cons:1. Lack of a storyline, of any kind.2. The camera angles are so bad that most of the time you are lost or don't know what you are fighting.3. Dante's modeling is from a far distance and the combat is rhetorical at best.4. It mimics Shinobi in most aspects. There's the empty city, deranged tanks and even copies of those hated dogs from Stage 3-A.5. The swordplay was taken directly from Onimusha & Onimusha 2, it's that obvious. But, in this game...the sword will get you killed. It's all guns, no glory.6. Dante is slow. He runs through the city in a crawl-like way and it takes forever to get from one place to another.7. The beginning takes a lot from Tomb Raider and is quite pointless. You don't know where you are in this game and there's nothing to find.8. It takes forever to power-up and there's not enough enemies in a single mission to get you the orbs to power-up.9. The attack method is not similar to the original and The Matrix stunts won't get you the high demon rank.10. Graphics. Twice the graphics, huh? The graphics can't hold a candle to Onimusha 2 in gameplay. The cutscenes aren't anywhere near Onimusha (1 or 2)and there is a scene where Dante slides down a pipe - similar to Final Fantasy X, though far less impressive. The main gameplay is reminiscent of BloodRayne...though...not in its league.Ok, I gave you 10 reasons for the my point. Capcom has been in a frenzy to produce so much this past year and ahead with Resident Evil Zero, RE 1 remake, and RE 4. The company has given us high quality games such as the Onimusha series, the original Devil May Cry and others. This leads me to believe that this DMC was overhyped and underdeveloped.This wasn't intended as a bash review and I didn't want to write it in that way, honestly. I looked forward to this game for so long. My suggestion is that you rent this one first, see if you like it, and during that week rental...surely you can pick up the game if you are into it. I'm sorry fellow gamers, but the hype doesn't fit the game. This is not Devil May Cry...it's a confusing mess. It is not Gothic, not dark, and holds no bearing to the namesake.I'll probably get a lot of unhelpful votes from the hardcore, but I'm in the top 5000 reviewers (feel free to check my rank) and I won't steer you wrong.Robert Eldridge (...)
Not even close to the original Devil May Cry, this one really lacks story. After you beat the game (which took me 3 days, not even playing it alot during that time) you'll be thinking "that's it"? The camera angels pretty much suck, that seems to be one of the main problems with all of the DMC games though. I should've waited till this dropped to $20 but I liked the first one so much I figured it would be worth the $50 but it wasn't. This is definately a prime example of a game not worth the hype.
When the first devil may cry was released, the public was blown away. Dante was cool in everyway, he had bad ass moves, even more bad ass weapons, and just new how to give the baddies a hard time. Devil May Cry 2 was looking to be the breakaway hit that surpassed the first in everyway. However, it almost falls short in evry single aspect form the forst game.There only two points that have improved in Devil May Cry 2. the  first being the controls of the game, they still say much the same, very fluid and easy to adapt to. I also found it a nice change to have a second playable character. The problem with this character is that her moves are almost exactly the same as Dante's she just moves a bit faster.As for the storyline,...well there really is no storyline. The first Devil May Cry was great because not only did you get to obliterate hoards and hoards of baddies, but it was all packed to gether with an excellent storyline. Once you finish this game, you feel like you actually know less about who Dante actually is, because the storyline is EXTREMELY confusing.Another adition, which could have come off as either a good or bad thing, is that the level size is MUCH bigger. Unfortunately in this game, it is a very bad thing, since you spend most of your time brainless tapping the button that fires your guns. As a matter of fact, when you get to the flying bat on the roof top, the only way to hit it is to continously mash the fire button, and since the game has auto aim, there is no strategy! The whole point of having both a sword AND guns is so that you can use them both, and in this game you will find yourself using your guns MUCH more than your sword. This also makes leveling up your sword with red souls pointless, since most of the time your not using it!I'm not saying this game is completely empty of any entertainment, there are shining moments when you find yourself creating huge combos, and yes you still feel like a bad ass, SOMETIMES. If your looking at this game because the first blew you away, you may just want to rent it, because the game is EXTREMELY easy, and you will probably beat it within five hours of picking it up. If you haven't played the first one and your thinking of buying the second. DON'T! Buy the first one, rent the second, believe me its not worth your money to buy!
Devil May Cry was a classic with great gameplay and had lots of style...This...doesn't!  I will make this a short review...The game had good visuals like the original but was lacking on good story and was waaaaaaay too short and too easy.  Devil May Cry was easy to learn and was a bit of a challenge but this was just complete bull..Too easy and waaaaay too short.  This is nothing like Devil May Cry 1.Overall I have to give this..2.2 out of 5 starsGame is lacking in a lot of places and is just painfully bad.  No were near the original Devil May Cry..This game has lots and lots of flaws..Just wait for Devil May Cry 2 comes out cause hopefully it will be waaaaay better then this (...)..(...)
Let's be honest. Judging by the trailers and magazine ads, the sequel to the PlayStation 2 smash hit, Devil May Cry, it looked very cool. And it was the day I got it and the strategy guide. Wall flipping and multi-directional shooting was very fun and easy to pull off. Unfortunately, it wore off soon enough and after a few months( and beating the superior first one on both difficulties ), I realized how shallow and disappointing DMC2 was. Ignoring the confusing and laughable storyline, even the gameplay is watered down. The game plays likes it on the Easy Automatic difficulty of the first. And don't be fooled by the other difficulties. The only real challenge lies in the Dante Must Die or Lucia Must Die, and even so, it's nowhere near as challenging as the first. You get 3 different swords, but your first one serves a better purpose than the other 2, despite what the guide says. And they lack any kind of personality and level of coolness like Ifrit or Alastor. Guns consist of your trademark pistols, shotgun, sub-machine guns( which is, in my opinion, the worst set of weapons to have on here ) and a rocket launcher. Now, due to the open levels, which are pretty dull most of them, you'll practically be using your guns a majority of the time instead of the swords, and that sucks. The 2nd disc is the other character's story, Lucia, who is almost like Dante, but a little better, a little worse in some aspects. She doesn't have any guns, save for the bowgun. She carries swords, sticky bombs and throwing daggers. The best thing about her is you actually have to use her melee combat moves over her projectile weapons, unlike Dante, which is the opposite. Like I said earlier, wall running and jumping is cool, but it serves NO purpose whatsoever. It just there for decoration. Voice-acting is even worse than the first with Dante spewing out the most generic one-liners I've ever heard. Now, for all the horrible things I've said about this bland sequel, there are a few redeeming qualites. One is the graphics are quite good and the CG is great. There is a ton to unlock like secret characters and an endless dungeon. And both Lucia and Dante aren't all that bad to play as. Hopefully, they'll get it right in Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening, which looks infinitely better that this, and reclaim the fun and cool factor of the first. I give a terrible 2 out of 5. Tis a sad day indeed. This is Sean David, signing off.Until then,Semper Fi, Carry on.
If you loved the first DMC, then stay clear of this stinking attempt to gobble up your money on the success of the first.  The balance of weapons is off, the difficulty is a joke, and there is no real reason to want to play further than an hour into it.  No attention to detail, basically it falls flat on it's face.
Devil May Cry was hailed as one the best action games of all time when it was released. It combined detailed 3D graphics with the frantic action of 2D platformers and topped it all off with a sinister gothic theme. Unfortunately, Devil May Cry 2 is only a shadow of those things. The gameplay remains very similar to the first game...but the story, enemy design, dialogue, and weapons all seem slapped together without much thought. The main character is still Dante, but he is also accompanied by a female playable character named Lucia (whatever happened to Trish?). The areas are now much more wide open...which is fitting for a urban setting, but most enemies just let you pummel them to death from afar. It lacks the sense of urgency and danger that was present throughout the first game. Everything just has a rushed and unbalanced feel to it. It's a shame Capcom let this happen to a series that showed so much promise. If you are looking for a good 3D action game, I suggest Rygar or Shinobi instead (or the first Devil May Cry if you don't already own it).
Not much to say about this game. I disliked it. Boring nearly all the time and not quite original. Soundtrack is just as bad.
i liked the first red faction alright.  it had a lot of things going for it.. while the story may not have been the most original, the way the story unfolded was fun to watch and participate in.  the geo-mod technology was fine, and it provided several options in most areas as far as how to get to the next room.  the multiplayer was a blast, and all the mods people were coming up with were fun to mess around with.it wasn't the best game in the world, but it was better than most, and it had heart.but this.. this game is an insult.  the story is nonexistant, the A.I. is terrible, the weapons are unnecessary (it's not too difficult to kill anything with any gun), and it is one of the most linear games that i've played in a while.  everything that happens in this game happens because it's the only way it CAN happen.  there is no room for skill, strategy, or fun in this game.  it's truly nothing more than a mindless "bullets and blood" shooter.  that's fine and dandy.. but the way the developers have tried to pawn this off as something else is ludicrous.  first off.. there is far LESS use of the geo-mod system in this game.. not MORE, as the pre-release reviews stated.  and what little use of it there is, is completely pointless, because there aren't very many hidden areas or alternate routes that can be found by "geo-modding" through the walls like there were in the first game.secondly.. the box hints (in rather dodgy language) that there are multiplayer type games to be found here.  but there are NONE.  sure.. you can play Deathmatch and Capture the Flag with RF2.. but not online.. you can only play it with a bunch of poorly made A.I. bots.  what a gyp!  why bother including a multiplayer part of the game IF YOU CAN'T PLAY AGAINST OTHER PEOPLE?  Ridiculous!if you're wanting nothing more out of a game than pointless blood and gore with a plethora of huge honkin' guns to kill enemies that move with the intelligence of the old Contra enemies, and fake multiplayer against bots that either run around like idiots or camp like boy scouts, then this game delivers in SPADES.if, however, your taste in games is a little more, shall we say, refined, then wait.. please wait.. there are a few titles coming out this year that seem promising.. most notably Deus Ex: Invisible War, the sequel to the most intelligent action game ever made.heck.. anything would be more thought provoking and challenging than Red Faction 2.  it's not worth the plastic it's pressed on.
Better than Unreal? Maybe. As good as a current FPS title? No way. The game is too short, and blowing holes in walls gets real boring after a while. This game looks good however and the parts where you get to pilot tanks and hovercraft is pretty cool but the first game had a better, longer story.
...no big deal. I deleted the game half way thru... just got really boring without 'quick save' option. Having to replay loooong segments time after time killed the fun. Graphics seemed a couple steps back from the first Red Faction (what's with that?). I have been enjoying older games for the nostalgic experience... but I'll move on to RF Guerrilla and see if it's a bit more evolved.  'Seems 'quick save' is becoming a rare option in newer games. What's with that?! Cannot recommend this game... even at $12.
Resident Evil 2 is easily one of the most fun and enjoyable games that has come out in the past decade. It scares you enough to keep you on the edge of your seat, but the difficulty level is set exactly right so it doesn't get you frustrated. Not to mention that both of the playable characters have two missions, and once you complete those, there are several different gameplay modes rewarded to the player for completing the missions. This enhances the game's replay value quite dramatically.So assuming that you have played this game on the original Playstation, I bet you're wondering what is different about the port offered on the Gamecube?Well, disappointingly enough, not much. The RE2 port is just that - a port. Naturally, however, the Gamecube is a much more advanced system capable of handling much faster polygonal rates, shading, texture, and load times. The overall look is a bit smoother, but not enough to make you say "wow!". More like "hmmm...interesting". The blood is not so polygonal, and the characters are a bit smoother. If there really is any difference in the load time, it is minimal. The controls are about as good as the original - pending that you can get used to the game on a Gamecube controller. The CMVs are not changed at all. Nothing smoother, nothing overdubbed, nothing brighter or duller, not faster or slower. This can either be a curse or a blessing for you, depending on how devoted you are to the original CMV's, as the CMVs are identical to the Playstation's in every way.So while I can't really justify owning a copy of Resident Evil 2 for the Gamecube, I would recommend it to anybody who has never played the game or does not have access to the PS version of it. Resident Evil 2 is a great game, and it continues to hold its value even to this day. If Capcom would have just done the same thing for RE2 and RE3 that they did for the original, I think we would have probably the best series in history on our hands. However, CAPCOM got lazy and decided to port the rest of the titles. Too bad, so sad.So to sum it up, if you currently own Resident Evil 2 for the Playstation, save your money because the Gamecube version is really not all that much better.Original game rating and contents = 9/10"lazy" Gamecube port rating = 2/10final score on the re-release for the Gamecube = 4/10
The concept had seemed interesting ever since the first Dynasty Warriors game hit the shelves, but it wasn't until now that I tried actually playing this game.As with all other one-against-many fighting games -- like Final Fight or the granddaddy of them all, Double Dragon -- the computer basically keeps trying to get at you from the back to disrupt your moves.  That's fair game and to be expected.  What I hadn't expected was that you would have a game camera that steadfastly refuses to look where you want it to.  Sixty per cent of the time, I'm swinging at enemies behind me when I can't even see them, because the camera idiotically stays in its own angle, so that when you're battling a particularly powerful enemy, he could all of a sudden land someplace you can't see and you'd have to run around begging for the camera to go back to a 3rd-person perspective behind you so you know where you're going.  Also, the 360-degree pan when you execute a super move only serves to disorient your controls.  Maybe these camera problems serve to fulfill the game designers' feeble fantasies of being filmmakers, but in a game, it's just irritating.  The fighting &quot;system&quot; is pathetic -- lots of button mashing in all directions.  Most of your combos are useless because you're receiving attack from all sides, so you end up using one combination over and over because anything else would be suicide.  So I played through the entire &quot;Shu&quot; story by doing one combo.  Yeah, I'm passing levels, but it's monotonous as hell.As the Amazon editorial review noted, there's also a lot of running around in this game.  The programmers love designing level maps chock full of dead ends, forcing you to run all the way around to get where you want.  Even on horseback, it takes friggin' forever.  And then there's the game's charming tendency to magically make three powerful enemy platoons appear right beside your commander whom you're supposed to protect...if you happen to be launching an attack against the enemy base at that time and can't find a horse, good luck.  Oh yeah, and the enemy can do the ol' &quot;block you to death&quot;.  I had Cao Cao cornered with only 5 per cent of his health left, and all he did was put his back to the mountain, hold down block against all my eight bodyguards and myself, and waited for five minutes straight until troops from his side appeared right beside my commander and took him out in a flash.  This was 95 per cent through the level.  Call this fun?I've been able to advance very well through this game, but it's really not a good gaming experience.  And I'm willing to bet Dynasty Warriors 5 is just on the horizon...with the exact game mechanics.  Koei has made it a habit of releasing the same game over and over without making any real improvements on sequels, so I seriously doubt I will ever play another Dynasty Warriors game again.
This is a pointless release. The VR Missions aren't even fun. There's not much to say about Substance other than that it's...pointless.
I loved Silent Hill 2 and Silent Hill 4, I didn't mind Silent Hill at all either but this one just seems like Konami was trying to get male fans and give them something they want - an ugly chick in a miniskirt going around in a dark grousome atmosphere and find it 'sexy'. I disliked this one for this reason. The gameplay I didn't enjoy either. So this one was out of me. I own the game and prefer the other 3, this one was the crappiest of the lot. Don't bother with it.
What with all the excellent reviews of SH 3 floating about the web, I decide dthat my previous 3-star review clearly didn't take all aspects of the game into account. So I went and bought a walkthrough guide, took three days and completed everything.And I'm sorry to say, I now think less of Heather and her ensemble cast of cliched characters than I did before.SH 3 is a game only to be played by fans of the series, and even then, only if those fans can get it cheap. It follows the story of Heather, a young girl thrown into a nightmare world of androgynous, ambiguous creatures and hellish ocations, in the search for who killed her father. Of course, there are plot twists, but only those of us that have completed SH 1 will understand them fully - and even then, they're about as predictable as a wino with a $10 bill outside a liquor store.This game is all mouth and no trousers - or, in game terms, all graphics and no substance. I guess that criticisms against the PS 2 are fairly levelled, then, when people say Sony's developers aren't concentrating on originality anymore.SH 1 (on the PS 1) is a magnificent title, and, despite the now-poor graphics, still packs a creepy, dramatic punch, full of melancholia and tense atmosphere. Silent Hill 2 (PS 2) is an Opus, going far deeper into the psychology of fear than many films and novels do, and show exactly how affecting a Survival Horror game ought to be. It wasn't action-heavy, but was all the more affecting because of that.SH 3 does none of the above. It takes some highly-accomplished character models, throws them into anonymous backgrounds that lack character and originality, poorly-designed, and rehashes some of the best-loved levels from the prequels (as I remember, SH 1 had 2 hospitals listed on the map - why are we still stuck in the same one now??) and really pointless characters. Where are the endearing, innocent Cheryls and Lisa Garlands? The morose, powerfully enigmatic Angela Oroscoes? The magnificently disturbing James and Marias?Missing. And what we're left with is Heather (consummately annoying), Douglas (hopelessly underdeveloped as a character) and Claudia, a cult member whose total lack of reason and sense of purpose is matched only by the weakness of the game's 'explanation' of her raison d'etre.Controls do nothing new, Survival Horror in this incarnation will always be a slightly flawed system, but does the job just fine. Sound is good, too, with the voice acting being of a slightly higher standard than before. Shame the script is so awful, then.I have played Silent Hill 2 repeatedly. I will not play Silent Hill 3 again. Five times through this mess is enough for anybody. If you're into gorgeous graphics without any substance or atmosphere, knock yourself out. If you're looking for something a little more mentally challenging, get Fatal Frame 2 or wait for Silent Hill 4.Very poor indeed.
Folks, if you were going to purchase Primal to fill that adventure/exploration gap in your PS2 life, save your time and money.  While Primal did add some interesting twists on explorative/gothic gameplay, it still falls short of being a title worthy of hard earned cash.  Interesting and often beautiful environments are a plus here... but the figthing system is lame and repetitve, and the puzzles hardly merit mention.  There is no sense of addictive fun or excitement in Primal. - The stop and start brawls with easy-to-kill monsters gets old really fast.  This game is mostly comprised of clever cut-scenes and too much walking around. ...
Before actually playing it, I was planning on buying it anyways, because of all the good reviews it had gotten, but thank God I played it at a store because it really didn't please me at all.  In the stealth-action genre, no game, and I mean no game at all, can even come remotely close to the entertainment that the Metal Gear Solid series provides.  The gameplay in Splinter Cell is quite unique, but there are weird things that you have to do like when you pick locks, you may be stumped, sitting there for 30 minutes trying to figure out how to pick the thing.To say I've seen better does not do my feelings justice.  In fact, I think that I'll go dig out my copy of Metal Gear Solid (the first one!)
A long time ago when Zelda first came out, it was a lot fun.  The graphics were really cheesy but still a good time.  Now, the graphics are still cheesy but the game is terrible.  There's nothing worse for a game when you can't speed up the conversation; and there's a lot of it in this game.  It is one of the most frustrating games I've ever played.  I think this is one game you should rent first before buying, because it really is frustrating.
Update- July 21, 2013I'm playing this game again after many years and oh my, what a big disappointment.  It doesn't hold up at all!  A big name Zelda title is supposed to be the greatest day next to Christmas.  Wind Waker admittedly does a lot of things right but the trade off is that it does WAY more things wrong.  Where to begin with this mess...Let's begin with the dungeons.  All of them are boring and colorless in appearance, unnecessarily overlong and confusing to figure out.  It's not like in the 2D Zelda games where sword cutting action is combined with creative puzzles- THESE dungeons are 80% puzzles and 20% action.  Having to run through gigantic nearly-empty rooms with eerie music in the background doesn't qualify as epic either.  Nice try Nintendo.  The two dungeons that are most unforgivable are the water dungeon (Tower of the Gods) and the one that involves having to babysit... er, team up with a female bird lady character named Medli and help her through the dungeon (Earth Temple).  Even though Link and Medli work together, it still feels more like babysitting.  While the dungeon puzzles are honestly thought-provoking and you will feel a great sense of accomplishment upon figuring them out, these two dungeons are the reason I'm not going back to this game ever again.  Do you *really* want to persevere this kind of torture again?  These aren't the kind of puzzles you ever desire to repeat.  Not when they take forever just to get through.  Even if you were to attempt a speedrun through these dungeons, the tedious nature of grinding through puzzle after puzzle assures you won't be speedrunning at a pace you'd prefer.The water dungeon is probably the worse of the two, but then again, maybe not.  I wasn't stuck on it nearly as long as the Earth Temple but on the other hand, the obstacles I faced were probably a lot worse.  The best way to describe the dungeon is like this- the first half is occupied with flooded rooms where the water raises and lowers approximately every 10-15 seconds, and the second half is all about a series of tedious statue-pushing puzzles.  When I say the water goes up and down I mean exactly that- you have to *wait* for the water to rise or lower because Link will then be able to swim to a platform or room within reach.  This is all totally required on the part of the player if you actually want to complete the dungeon and of course, that's why you're playing the game.  You *have* to deal with the moving waters.  In one unbelievably horrific room, you have to light a torch and jump across a series of perfectly lined up crates floating on top of the water.  Oh but that's not all.  If you miss you'll jump in the water, which means your flame will go out and you'll have to re-light the torch and attempt to move across the crates once again.  And you have to line up the crates when the water temporarily recedes so there's a proper and accurate path for Link's jumping.  If not for Ocarina of Time's water dungeon, this would unquestionably be a STRONG contender for the worst dungeon ever made.The other dungeon I mention involves the female bird lady character (Medli) where you have to do a series of tedious tasks that involve lifting her up and carrying her around or she'll get stuck behind.  She's also often needed to pick up and fly around Link to high or faraway platforms/places, and the main theme seems to be taking your shield (or Medli's shield) and reflecting the light that shines through ceiling or wall cracks in order to break open more passageways, chests or secrets, giving you access to the next area.  Your shield is basically used as a weapon in these instances.  At first it seems creative but you have to do this same task over and OVER again, and since each room serves more as overlong puzzles, you'll be stuck in this castle for hours.  I guarantee it.  Wouldn't be so bad if the enemies (such as those high-pitched screaming skeletons that freeze Link in place) were more abundant instead of scarce.  The one thing that REALLY annoys me is that you have to play "melody commands" to activate Medli a certain way.  You have to do this so many times, not just here but throughout the game, that it totally overstays its welcome after a while.  It's out of place in a Zelda game.  Just because Link played the flute in the 2D games does NOT give Nintendo the right to stretch out this unbearable mini musical story for all its worth in the sequels.  Overdone, boring and unnecessary.  In the Wind Temple, you have to guide a little mechanical propeller-lifting chicken-like thing called Makar (at least, it *looks* like a skinned chicken don't you think?) to higher areas/platforms to activate blocks and other things.  The fun wears thin when the realization that you have to do this same task over and over creeps in.  A poor attempt at designing dungeons Nintendo.  Shame on you.You already know the next problem I'm going to mention since it's been said a thousand times by now.  The actual sailing to get from one island to another takes forever with little in the way of doing anything interesting along the way.  The sail boat moves incredibly slow, and even though sometimes you might talk to a helpful fish for advice and discover treasure chests full of rupees, trifocre charts/shards or heart container pieces along the way (and even a boring rupee-collecting mini game involving a boat race later on) none of these things make up for the tediousness of waiting... and waiting... and falling asleep!  and waiting some more, until your boat arrives to your destination.  Ugh.  You can control the boat anywhere you want but it's not like there's a whole lot to do.  I realize a lot of people dislike the bird flying in Skyward Sword because it takes a while to arrive to your desired island in that game as well, but at least it's more heroic, soaring and adventurous watching Link riding a bird and closing in on an approaching island.  Here... with a sail boat... it just doesn't deliver the same kind of excitement.  Though granted, the peaceful serenity of the nighttime sailing is pretty cool especially when you glance at the moon and stars above, and I even like when danger occasionally occurs (such as swarming sharks and cannonballs later on) because it adds a bit of suspense.  I mean you're on a mere sail boat and here comes danger!  This isn't as threatening of a situation as you might be thinking, however.Several of the errands you do in town are so bad it makes me crings just thinking about them.  Having to snap photos of a man and woman when they're together or when a man is putting mail in the town mailbox?  REALLY annoying.  Starting up a ferris wheel?  Delivering love letters to characters who don't even deserve to be loved?  Chasing school children in a hide and seek game so you can impress the school teacher who's nothing but a snotty high and mighty, unappreciative nobody?  She only cares about money and being glamorous and is someone that in reality I'd avoid like the plague!  The picture rearranging games you sometimes discover on the walls of one or two rooms are really annoying too and not worth the reward for completing them (50 rupees if I remember).  There's a few other instances of errand-related annoyances, some of which are requirements.  The one where you have to crawl through a series of crawl spaces in maze-like fashion is confusing since every room looks exactly the same but thankfully this area is short, and the other one where you have to figure out which doors with a flame above them leads to your prize at the end feels like yet another waste of time but, again, it's short.On the flipside, I can name three mini games that are awesome.  The auction bidding is the most noticeable one.  It's fairly realistic and pretty fun too, especially the tension you feel after you make a high bid and you nervously count down the seconds anticipating if anyone's going to top your bid.  The battleship mini game is really fun.  I could probably spend 30-45 minutes on this game alone.  The guy in charge of the battleship game is the worst human being I've ever seen in a Zelda game.  Completely unfunny.  And the leaf parachute game where the object is to float across the water and strategically use the tornadoes to elevate your height so you can reach the finish line is the best of the bunch.  These are really entertaining games.The boss fights are alright though most of them are quite easy to take down.  In fact other than Ganon, they're *all* easy to take down.  Maybe the strategies were fairly complex back in 2003, but these bosses are too simplistic and boring these days.  The one where you have to battle a gigantic bird on a rooftop is WAY too reminiscent of the Ridley fight from Metroid Prime.  Even his attack and flying patterns are similar.  The only difference is that you're using a sword instead of an arm cannon obviously since this is a Zelda game.  Ganon's first battle at the end of the game is basically a 3 dimensional version of the Moldorm worm from Link to the Past but a much faster and harder way of damaging.  This part of the fight offensively requires luck to defeat- just hope you'll be standing near Ganon's weak point ready to strike when he speeds by.  A final boss fight should always be strategic instead of lucky.  The cel-shading graphics were the topic of conversation back in the day but now they look sort of dark, uninteresting and overbearingly cutesy.  Link and Zelda have ugly eyes and heads, and their bodies aren't pretty either.  Some of the characters such as the pirate named Miss Tetra are really awesome, but fail in comparison to the greater variety and diversity that Link to the Past and Skyward Sword's character selection presents.  The Miss Tetra storyline takes a drastic horrible turn later on when... ugh.  I can't spoil it.  All potential pertaining to the pirate storyline falls apart once *this* happens.The enemy combat usually consists of being able to walk up to most armored guards/blob creatures (and a few others) and slash them to death with your sword.  Some of them require the leaf, bow and arrow or bombs to destroy however.  Even though dealing with them is really easy, we can't overlook that it's also *really* darn fun.  Usually the guards (Darknuts) don't pose much of a threat, but sometimes you will have to prepare to move Link out of the way of a lunging sword attack.  This is usually in the later half of the game.  It gets especially dangerous when there's 3 or more Darknuts on screen.  You may have to execute some stellar sword trickery to escape.  I LOVE that one super spin attack that enables Link to spin around with his sword like a hurricane for 10 seconds and basically eliminate a room full of problems, or at the very least severely damage everything in sight.  It's awesome.  Like I say above, the melody (button) commands are awful due to this being a requirement WAY too often.  You HAVE to do this in order to change the direction of the wind so your sail boat can reach the island of your choice.  Having to frequently command a melody to steer your sail boat to another direction/location gets boring after a while, and as I say above, doing it in the castles gets especially tiresome and reduntant.I like some of the items and weapons Link uses.  The rope is a nifty way of swinging across branches to reach high or faraway areas, and the leaf parachute offers a similar function.  I LOVE the impactful beauty and effects of launching ice and fire arrows at a target as well.  The bow and arrow is a dangerous weapon as you'd expect since it's Zelda where the bow and arrow has always been crucial for survival.  This weapon is especially helpful and frequent in Wind Waker it seems.  These items and weapons really bring out the adventurous surroundings.  The game is overall very generous with the rupees as well.  You'll be collecting them by the bucket load.  They have yellow and purple rupees which adds up your amount rather fast.  Silver rupees hidden in chests under the water can reward you with 200 rupees, and orange rupees give 100.  Red rupees are back (worth 20).  Blue and green ones too.  Insanely generous.  Unless you haven't been collecting them, you'll probably have close to 5,000 by the final dungeon.  The swinging of the sword flows remarkably well.  There's no confusion in how you want to attack an enemy either.  Your sword won't ever let you down in the heat of a battle, nor will Link's movements.  The game encourages you to walk right up to enemies and slice 'em up.  If you don't, well, they seem to back off and wander around the room for a while giving you plenty of time to make preparations for another attack.  Simply put, enemies usually aren't as relentless as YOU are which may be a good thing since it means the game is hardly ever overly difficult.What I HATE however is the overlong fetch quest concerning the triforce shards and the charts.  You have to find BOTH the charts and the shards in the open water which can take several hours of searching.  You'll be sailing around for a while, but an even bigger problem is that it's unnecessary to even *have* such a quest after all the hours of boat sailing that has already taken place by this point.  This entire quest is overkill and I despise it.  I'm not too crazy about having to re-fight the bosses again at the end of the game either.  This time the colors on screen change to black and white perhaps a way to make the adventure feel more intense, and when you land the final blow you're simply transported back to the dungeon to take on the next boss.  It's... strange to say the least.  There's no feeling of satisfaction when you defeat them once again.  Then again, like I say above, there's no feeling of satisfaction anyway due to the bosses being easy overall.  Though I suppose it works in a "reminiscing over previous encounters" kind of way which illustrates how far Link has come since his sister went missing/introduction of Miss Tetra near the beginning.Wind Waker encourages more exploring than sword combat, so be prepared to spend more time exploring for items and treasures and less time fighting.  This means exploring many and I mean MANY empty islands with nothing but grass, high cliffs and trees everywhere.  Many of these islands contain caves or holes where items and chests are hidden, some of which provide decent atmosphere I admit.  After all falling in a big hole and landing near streams and being surrounded by high mountains is a unique feeling of adventure.  However there are two particularly offensive rooms near the end of the game where you keep falling through hole after hole (about 30 of them total) fighting 90% of the enemy varities you've already encountered which may be cool and serves as a nice combat-oriented mission, but feels like a clumsy way of making up for the lack of combat you experienced up to this point.  Like Nintendo just tacked this section on to make up for the distinct lack of combat throughout the game.  I'd bet anything that these two parts of the game contain more than 50% of the enemies in the game overall.  Why not spread these enemies around the dungeons and the islands?The music however, is INCREDIBLE!  Perhaps the best soundtrack ever in a Zelda game.  The soothingly beautiful credits theme is amazing beyond description, but my favorite is the fast-paced Jethro Tull or Renaissance like theme music that plays whenever you arrive to a mini boss.  It's diverse enough to be classified as a progressive rock song, seriously.  Just LISTEN to how awesome it is!  Other songs are really melodic and fit in appropriately and excitedly with the heroic theme of the fairy tale locations the Zelda series is known for.  Oh and perhaps my favorite part of the game- the dramatic and uneasy music you hear whenever you encounter an enemy.  It's suspenseful and makes you feel paranoid, threatened and overwhelmed by the upcoming danger.  It's *awesome*.  There's even some perfectly utilized sound effects while this particular theme is playing giving off a feeling of mystery and uncertainty.  I don't particularly care for the annoying sounds Link makes though.  He should have remained silent.  At least we can breathe easy knowing the one ice section later on is short because Link sliding around sounds like a baby animal being massacred by a group of wild barbarians.  Oh and speaking of which, these ice and fire dungeons shouldn't technically be considered dungeons since they're only one or two rooms long.  It literally only takes 2 minutes to complete them.Overall, go with Skyward Sword for a better 3D representation instead.  That game better represents the Zelda formula on all counts especially graphics, storytelling and overall epicness (but not music though- Wind Waker takes the crown there).  Wind Waker just doesn't provide much in the way of substance or pacing.  The triforce chart/shard quest is a big, extremely overlong letdown almost making you not want to finish the game.  How many times have I wanted to give up on a Zelda game due to boredom?  Never before.  The islands should have been closer together too.  This would have helped trim down on the unnecessary length of the game.
Seeing the incredible reviews here I went ahead and bought the game to satisfy my sci-fi gaming urge. I was like the game is older but has great reviews and the screen-shots/videos looked good enough. But I should have listened to my inner voice trying to warn me that there must be a reason that this game never got a expansion or sequel. Even though I got the game at a really low price but after playing it for few days I regret even spending that money. Anyways here is what ails & doesn't ail me;CONS1)Repetitious to the nth degree. You do get to visit different worlds but other than a scenery change the missions are the same over & over. You pretty much fly to a way-point; dog-fight with pirates or attack other ships, maybe destroy a space-station sometime, you can also mine or destroy a derelict ship to get upgrades for your vessel but in the end all these missions are just variations of the basic premise of a space-shooter on rails.2)If you want to be a trader, or pure mine or find some other non-combat way to advance your character that is not really possible. The game is designed in a way that for you to progress beyond star systems you have to complete part of the required story-line as well as have certain threshold of money. That is only possible via doing combat missions of the main plot/side-quests otherwise you will not have enough money or enough progression to move to the next zone. So in all this is at-heart a pure action space rpg.3) They are also 4-5 npc's at best in the game who you will meet all over the galaxy saying almost the same dialogue and handing you over essentially the same missions just worded differently.4) Even though you will be visiting different planets, sectors etc. you really can't travel anywhere other than pre-assigned rooms where the above mentioned npc's gives you newer missions making the game feel confined rather than open-world.PROS1) Graphics of space-ships, stations, planets etc. are impressive and holds well even to this day.2) You can upgrade your ship with armaments, equipment or buy better ships over-time which gives a decent rpg feel to the game.3) The cut-scenes (though repetition abounds here too) helps propel the story and gives the game that quint-essential rpg feel.In the end this is a ambitiously conceived sci-fi rpg yet a poorly executed game. I actually came here expecting a Eve offline but alas it's more of a action rpg that is designed for people looking for immediate gratification.EDIT: I got my hands on X3:Terran Conflict and it's the space sim that I have been looking for a long time. If you are looking for a open-ended, single player space simulator rpg with incredible visuals or essentially a Eve Offline than check out Egosoft's X-series games.
Wolfenstein is a legendary frachise. First appearing on Apple before the time of the Mac...then Atari, DOS, Commodore64...ID software picked up the ball and Wolfenstein 3D became one of the first FPS (first person shooters)...leading into Doom, Quake, and the rest is history.Tides of War is an incredibly ugly, flat, lifeless, colorless and borish game. The graphics relative to other xbox games of it's era simply do not measure up. Very dissapointing.Quake3 Engine. Not the best.
This game has way below average graphics and sound.  It has no real storyline.  It's like an old doom game which were alright then, but should be much better now.  The replay value is nothing great.  Avoid this and go for any Tom Clancy stuff or Halo or many other shooters over this one.  What a dissapointment.
I am very pleased that I rented this game instead of buying it. I'm not too big of a Matrix fan. I thought the first movie was great and I thought the sequel to be kind of a flop. The game Enter The Matrix, in my opinion, follows the second movie down the same dissatisfying path. To be fair, the graphics are great and the kung-fu\gravity bending gameplay is unprecedented and fun to watch. The action moves you can perform play like some of the fight sequences in the films. Unfortunately, the action combos and the wall walking gets old really fast. After about an hour of doing the same martial arts combos and jumping over bullets I began to grow bored with the gameplay. I found myself doing the same thing over and over: Follow the trails, shoot the same guards, do the same moves. There is no variety in this game. You fight and easily kill dozens upon dozens of generic swat cops and security guards.  You easily get an auto-lock on your target, jump through the air and shoot them.... OVER AND OVER AND OVER, LEVEL TO LEVEL TO LEVEL. Gameplay is much too linear, and the lack of any sort of rush coupled with the same recycled orchestral music playing in an endless loop left me wanting more. The game didn't convey any real 'get up and go.' Just the same bad guys for you to kill in different rooms. In summary:Pros: Great graphics, great gun and explosion sounds, exceptional gameplay as far as manipulating the environment(wall walking, bullet dodging etc..), Agents are intimidating and fun to fight, clever interposing between gaming and movie clips gives you a better understanding of The Matrix.Cons: Poor lighting and shadows, TOTAL lack of variety from level to level, recycled enemies and recycled musical score resulting in monotonous levels of easy shoot-em-up gaming, Unchallenging combat interface: Enemies are weak and predicatble, lacking any sort of surprise tactics or skills equal to your own.If you're a fan of The Matrix and are just dying to get any sort of Matrix fix before the next film, then you will probably make this game work for you. If you're a first person shooter fan looking for anything to bridge the gap from now until Halo 2, maybe this title will keep you interested for a night or two. - It's no miracle in action gameplay. Allow the river of hype this game has generated to float to the wayside with the rest of the garbage. Worth the rent, not the buy.
The girls (Jada and Bellucci) kiss.  That is cool.  Once you see that, just stop.Just to let you know how awful the controls are, on the XBOX version, the fire button is the little black peripheral button.  No, not the trigger--that little one you use for your lights in HALO.  God.  The genius who configured this mess ought to have his shins slapped by baseball bats all day long.  This whole game is about as responsive as a plastic sled on gravel.But the chicks do kiss.  That is, and will always be, cool.
I've loved the first two movies of the Matrix and got this at a swap meet for a couple bucks. The reason I'm playing it so long after it open was because many scenes tie directly into the movie. We don't see the whole story in the movie but had to play the game to get why something happened. I don't like this because that leaves two sources to go through to get the movie. The game was rushed to market and there are many, and I do mean many glitches and bugs in game. Many levels are just your characters walking through a hall way but here's the kicker. The game controls are old school. ONE ANALOG STICK controls your character. That leaves the camera in automatic and yes there are times you can't turn around to fight an enemy behind you. There are some glitches like the Sewer flashlight thing that can be worked around. You can't move forward without the it. Yet, you can't pick it up. (shoot some rounds off of your MP5). The way-point arrow is slow and deceptive. It doesn't point to where you really want to go and when you get there resets to another location entirely. The game's graphic and content is okay and the cutscenes adds to the experience of the movie. I am very frustrated playing this defective game because of the research online to find ways around the bugs. One review in a game magazine said it best. "The only thing complete about "Enter the Matrix" is that it's a complete mess." Yes, it is.
Pros:- Bullet time.- Music gets you in the rhythm of the game.- Blowing up cars in the car chase sequence is a fun distraction.Cons:- Repetitive.- Cannot strafe! How do you dodge bullets in bullet time if you can't strafe?!- Graphics on XBOX is very poor- looks like they took the lowest common denominator of graphics and just cloned it for each platform rather than chosen higher resolution textures or applied antialiasing.- Bullet time effect does not show up in cut scenes.- Camera gets in the way of the fight scenes.Recommend playing Bloodrayne instead and enable bullet time all the time. You get much more satisfaction of seeing bad guys getting diced up into tiny little bits in slow motion....
This game is hard. There are 30 missions, which are bland. As for replay value in single player mode... It really isn't there. &quot;But you can stealth kill!&quot; There is little motivation to stealth kill once you get 10(then you get a new ability). There is really no story what-so-ever. It also gets a little moronic when you have to fight a bunch of undead. Pretty soon you just stop fighting real people. It is kinda retarted.As I said just now, enemys are stupid. The AI is terrible. Then the monsters... my gosh the creativity partment is lacking. Demons are terrible at doing anything. Then there are a bunch of wooden robots. What? Wooden Robots? Apparently wooden robots die when you slit their wooden throats. It's almost as if the creators got bored, because I did. The stealth kills are alright though.Environments suck. The game is pretty much stealth kill ahoy. Sometimes it is a little moronic when enemys give up after 3 seconds of searching. Seriously. They will literally stop looking for you after a couple seconds.After you do some bland areas the game isn't so bad. It is still not a worthy investment though. Let me break it down.Pros:Stealth KillsNinjasCooperative modeCons:Bland levelsPathetic story lineHorrendously moronic AIStupid bad-guys.
Good graphics, great concept, great story, immersive gameplay - ALL of this completely ruined by terrible, uncontrolable camera angles. To me it wasn't worth the 5 dollars I paid for it on eBay. All they had to do was fix the camera...unbelievable.
I went out and RENTED true crime after I saw it's commercial. I have to admit the Commercial made this game look like the next and maybe even greater than Grand Theft Auto 3. I had false hopes. True Crime is terrible, there is no reason for you to buy this game.First off EVERYTHING is WAY over-exaggerated, the figting, the shooting, even the gameplay. Some of the moves you can do in fighting are a little bit too "Matrix-esk". And it's always the same thing, run into a room, fire off a gun, fight with the left-overs. And when you're driving the car, you can goup on two wheels (WHO CAN DO THAT?).On top of that you fight a dragon and I quote from A Gamer,"How is fighting a dragon true crime?" And he's right, in no way does fighting a dragon have to do with Crime.True Crime is one of those games you beat once and then leave it on the shelf to collect dust. There is no replayability because all of the suprise is gone, also it just gets friggin' boring.Overview:Fun- 4/10 This game is very redundant and quite boring after a little while of play.Graphics-6/10 one of the best features of this game...sadly. (All because you can drive over 200 miles of L.A)Gameplay- 5/10 a little on the stupid side, as I mentioned before, too repetitive, and the camera angles screw you up.Difficulty- 5/10 fairly easy...some parts are harder than others.Overall- 20/40This game is not worth $50, I doubt it would be worth 20. This Game could have been awesome, but it seems like the makers lost sight of what they were trying to do after they made the first 5 minutes of the game. Nice Concept, crappy delivery...If your interested in a game like this, I reccomend Grand Theft Auto 3.
Everyone( including me )was thinking that True Crime would crush the afforementioned titles, but they were wrong. DEAD wrong. In attempting to seamlessy blend in elements of Max Payne, Dead to Rights, and Grand Theft Auto, they forgot several things-story, replay value, and controls. The replay value consists of playing as Snoop Dogg. Whoop-de-stinkin-doo. The controls, while aren't the worst kind of controls, they definitely should have been tweaked better to outmatch GTA,MP, or DTR. The driving isn't bad, but it certainly not going to beat Grand Theft Auto. The fighting is very weak,depending on button-mashing more than skill and the moves are extremely slow, unlike Dead to Rights, which requires actual skill. And finally, the shooting. The aiming is cumbersome and will require patience and a keen eye. Plus, it rips off both Dead to Rights and Max Payne with the slow-mo dodge, but fails to outdo either one. Also, is it just me or does every pedestrian fight like they've spent time in a Shaolin temple? Believe me, you'll be in tears when you're getting (...)kicked by winos and Martha Stewarts-lookalikes. The soundtrack is supposedly made up of rap songs. I'm not a big fan of rap or Snoop Dogg. However, only the rock songs are the good songs on here. Now, aside from all the nit-picking I've done, there is some good here. The shooting system allows you to pick up 2 guns at once( for example, you could have an M-16 in one hand and a shotgun in the other ) which is kind of fun. One thing the driving does have on GTA is the ability to aim inside your car, which is neat too. The graphics are pretty good. The voice talent, consisting of Christopher Walken, Michelle Rodriguez and Michael Madsen, is interesting to hear. Unfortunately, the bad outweights the good. If you're smart, you'll either rent True Crime or go and buy Max Payne, Dead to Rights, or GTA. They may be slighty older games, but they're definitely a lot better than True Crime. (...)
The best part was some of the "Extra" challenges in this game. The rest of the game unfortunately was awful.The cutscenes and some of the gameplay graphics aren't all that great. Some of the story missions can be fun, but for the most part kind of boring or way too hard. And in the case with the Bruce missions, just down-right annoying.I wouldn't recommend this game at all. In fact, there's another Hulk game out there that really lives up to what a Hulk game should be, and it's NOT based on the recent movie: "Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction." Almost fully destructive environments, more unlockable Hulk abilities, and not only that but it's fun to play. Just roam around destroying things and increasing your abilities/combos.
This game honestly sucked like the movie, if you liked the movie then buy this but the graphics is bad and the gameplay is fake.
Looks good, decent sound effects.  Bruce Banner, however, talks way too slow and sounds like he rides the short bus.  Anyway, I got bored with it in about 30 minutes.
Next to "Fable", this game was THE DISAPPOINTMENT of last year.  Go back into a few video game magazine archives and look at what these guys promised us, but didn't even come close to delivering on.The game is so terribly flawed and mundane, that it makes the first one look even better than ever.And to make matters worse, they went all Hideo Kojima (Metal Gear) on us, and made us play as one of the Covenant.  This is the second dumbest idea in video game history---next to of course, Kojima making us play as "Not Solid Snake".The multiplayer is cool for about ten hours, but after awhile you'll be longing for the comfort-zone provided by the original "Halo", and if you're like me, you may weep at the thought of what this game could and should have been.A painfully average game at-best...but definately not "Halo".2.5 Overall.  3 for fun ONLY because of the multiplayer modes.
I loved Halo. From the moment I picked it up it "spoke" to me like no other game ever has. And, I've been playing video games since pong. For 2+ years me and my friends would spend EVERY weekend playing online using XBC. Even with all that game play, it never got boring for us. Normaly, when I play a game and beat it, it then goes to the shelf to sit next to the rest of the games to collect dust. Even games that are fun to play online have never kept my attention for more than a couple of months.So, when I tried out Halo 2, I was vastly dissapointed. I felt like I was playing another sega of the Unreal franchise. Master Chief has new low gravity jumps. Multiplayer now has gravity pads. You no longer take damage when falling from up high. Part of the strategy of Halo multiplayer was using objects to break your fall. The new weapons that I will talk about shortly make for a much faster game with a "spray and pray" feel to it. I thought I was buying Halo. Had I wanted Unreal, I would have just bought Unreal. Part of Halo's charm for me and many others was the fact that it wasn't Unreal or Quake. It was a skill based shooter that stood on it's own.I had a few problems with the campaign mode. It was very dark compared to Halo. I don't mean sinister, just dark. Not very many bright sunny days in Halo 2. It was rather short. And they did things with the plot that I could have done without. But, even with this said it was alright.The major problem for me is the multiplayer. The multiplayer is where replayability is a huge factor. When my friends and I played Halo for 2+ years, we didn't sit around playing the campaign over and over. The main problem are the new weapons. They have removed or changed EVERY single weapon in the game. The weapon that made Halo what it was, the pistol, is no longer. This wouldn't have been all that bad, but no good substitute is offered. They said that they did this for "balance". But, when everyone has a pistol, there isn't a balance or overpowered issue. After all, you need some weapons more powerfull, or you might as well just only have one weapon for the whole game. Now they have a sub machine gun as the mainstay. It's a very weak weapon with a very short range. So instead of playing and shooting and having fun, I now have to chase people down to get into range. That, or wait around for a couple of minutes for a decent weapon to spawn. The plasma rifle no longer "freezes" an enemy. The physics of the rocket have changed and the splash damage has been reduced. The grenades have been toned down to being almost worthless. Even the sniper rifle is a little different. There are a couple of new mid ranged weapons, but at mid range you'll be lucky kill your target in a full clip. The new weapons worked fine in multiplayer, but don't translate for multiplayer. By making such a severe change in the weapons, they also made a fundemental change in the game play. It is no longer a mid ranged shooter, it is now a short ranged shooter. This is another reason it gives Halo 2 that Unreal and Quake feel. Halo 2 offers duel wielding where you can use a single hand weapon in both hands. This was a novel idea, and tried with other games before. The problem I have with it is that most of the weapons seemed toned down to force you to use duel wielding. You can't swing a dead cat around without hitting some ammo for a duel wieldable weapon. But any medium range weapons you'll be scrambling to find ammo.And there are a couple of new vehicles. They are fun, but my problems are in the changes to the vehicles we already had. Now you can board vehicles and they take damage. No more shooting a person out of a warthog as it drives by with your flag with your spawn weapon. Now you pretty much have to blow the whole thing up. GOOD LUCK! And well timed grenades no longer flip them over or stop them. Now you'll just do some damage to it instead as they drive by. And a persons shields are directly involved in when the vehicle is destroyed. You could shoot a rocket launcher at a Wraith tank and wait for the persons shield to recharge. Well, after 40 rocket launcher shots you would think it would be ready to explode, but no. Running someone over in a vehicle is much hard. I have hit people head on and simply bounce them off my vehicle about 100 feet without killing them. Boarding a vehicle is a novel idea, but a good player won't get into range of you.I could go on, and on, and on. All I have to say to end this is, try it before you buy it. They had 1.5 million pre-order sales on the first day. Not because Halo 2 was good, but because Halo was good. Those 1.5 million people hadn't even tried the game. I too was one of the unlucky. I fell for the hype and thought Bungie would make a quality game worthy of the name Halo. I was wrong.
Of course, the multiplayer is phenomenal with this game if you are lucky enough to have the online service hooked up.  Otherwise, I felt that this game was not stacking up to the fist.  The graphics got a major overhaul and look better than Halo1, but Halo2 lacks all of the huge and epic major battles that we saw in Halo1.  This game would have done fine if it was just another shooter, but it surely does not offer something comparable to the original. You play as a covenant and can wield the cool sword.  The game is fun, but the dissapointment of not meeting the expectations for me from the first game left me no choice than to view this game as just another shooter.  Ive played the first game with a friend cooperatively on each difficutly setting all the way through and every time I am blown away by how action packed, exciting, and hair raisingly edge of your seat challenging the very end of the game was when you have to make your final escape.  Halo2 had a very easy, cliche, and unmotivated boss battle with an ape with a hammer.  I guess everything is explained in the special edition DVD in which the developers explain that they either had to cut tons of content for time or money purposes.  This game maybe was a little rushed.  It gets -2 stars for being like just any other shooter out there and another -1 for leaving me wantng to play the original more.
The Legendary level is way much harder than Halo 1.  The game is also boring I quit playing after a couple hours.
I've never considered myself a real-time strategist. Since Westwood's seminal *Dune II*, I've beaten about every major RTS on the American market. Yet game play hasn't evolved enough to sustain my interest.Same goes for turned-based strategy, though I've been clicking "Next Turn" since the original *Civilization*. These too, have stuck by the formula with insufficient innovations to maintain replay value.So when PC journalists began to herald an RTS/TBS revolution last year, I took notice. Developer Big Huge Games and game 'zines alike trumpeted a game to bridge the gap between the excitement and mechanics of real-time war games with the scope and sophistication of turned-based empire builders.Folks, I am still waiting. In the meantime, I received Big Huge Games' *Rise of Nations*; beneath all the hype it's a disappointingly conventional RTS.&lt;Build, and They Will Rush&gt;From the get-go, it's necessary to sort game from advertisement. Favorable reviewers all around have gushed some variation of the following:1. *RoN* is a sophisticated RTS.2. *RoN* is an epic RTS.3. *RoN* is a hybrid between RTS and TBS game types.4. *RoN* is a sophisticated, epic hybrid between RTS and TBS types.While I haven't tested these claims online, my single-player conquests invalidated these claims.*RoN* rigidly adheres to RTS tradition. Gameplay confines to the B3 principle: Build bases, Build units, Blow up. The developers include a Risk-style "Conquer the World" mode which offers raiding party actions, but otherwise missions are solved by building a base, amassing resources, and then smashing a computer-controlled base with a large, clumsy army. Like most modern RTS games, *RoN* offers rudimentary diplomacy, research, and economic features to upgrade your forces. Likewise, it offers a choice of combatants distinguished mainly by military power and texture skins variations. Finally, *RoN* arrays stereotypical unit types and superfluous gimmicks... like most RTS games, the player will quickly learn that building a bunch of tanks and rushing the enemy base works most of the time.*RoN* rushes with Blizzard-style play mechanics founded back with the original *Warcraft*. Players use a central building to generate labor units, units who mine a small range of archetypal resources from battlemap hotspots and typically hoof them back to the central building (though *RoN* mercifully permits players to build collection camps on-site). Players then spend these resources by ordering labor units to build factories, laboratories, and fortifications around the central building. Each has its own build queue for military units, and/or unit upgrades as well.Bases are not sprawling, well-defend affairs as in the Westwood model. Fortifications lack sufficient range and hit points while costing too much to build; discouraging base-camping and encouraging aggressive play. One usually wins by destroying selected enemy buildings. A 200-unit population cap per player constrains their entire infrastructures.Frankly, I find this game-style dated. That doesn't stop Big Huge Games from trying to adorn their product with trappings of the turned-based empire genre. *RoN* notably introduces a "library" of additional building and unit upgrades. This library also improves caps and modifiers for resources, and improves the next notable introduction, national borders. National borders act strictly as a weapon, by inflicting "attrition" damage on any enemy unit or building caught on the wrong side of a shift. Per *Civilization*, a number of "wonder" buildings unlock special powers and modifications. And the players can advance through levels of technology called "Ages". BHG emulates Stainless Steel Studios in offering peaceful technology or resource races as an endgame option for skirmish and multiplayer modes.And that's it. Big Huge Games might call its combatants "civilizations", its labor units "citizens", and its bases "cities"; in practice it's still the Blizzard RTS military model. The intricate tech trees of the *Civ* and *MOO* series are here trimmed down to lines of yet more unit upgrades. Borders have no cultural or political purpose-they just act as a force shield. Economy is still a shallow matter of collecting resources and uncovering crates to build powerful armies. Missions are limited mostly to combat, the non-military options being woefully underdeveloped. Yes, *Rise of Nations* is straight RTS, no more sophisticated than *Starcraft* or epic than *Empire Earth*.&lt;Rise Above&gt;With *RoN* put into perspective, I can see its virtues more clearly. It's a fast-paced entry into the "historical" genre, for those who want to upgrade armies from the stone age to modern times in an afternoon. A plethora of civilization-specific units and advantages lends a style choice to whichever side you play. BHG keeps base buildings to a minimum, and players can immediately build all units available for a given age, so long as they have the resources and the factories. Resources are widely available and players have plenty of room on each map to spread their bases and amass armies. BHG also incorporates good unit AI and path-finding. If the player doesn't want to worry about an extended campaign or story-line, *RoN* is all about skirmishes and multiplayer.&lt;Fall of Nations&gt;Perhaps as much as the hype these traditions fail to please me. I'm tired of the arbitrary 200-unit population caps and mindless B3 routine. Westwood games may be even more dated in their play mechanics, but at least they concentrated each game on a story and well-executed themes, instead of developing a loose collection of skirmish variations beneath a thread-bare claim of being "historical".BHG could have broke the mold; the idea of a true epic RTS is one of the great unrealized ideas in PC gaming. They played it safe instead-but had the gall to call it something it is not. Make no mistake; dedicated RTS gamers will probably love this game for the same reasons I dislike it. But serious TBS gamers may be disappointed all around. *Rise of Nations* is no real-time *Civilization*; it's as conventional a military RTS as they come. Just don't buy the hype if you buy this game.
Funny thing:  I was at a Gamestop the day this game came out and I was very tempted to purchase a copy.  My lovely lady advised otherwise and for once the crack of the whip was a good thing.  I rented the game and played about three hours into it before giving up all hope.  The graphics were beautiful, but that should go without saying -If you're going to delay a game for months upon months to tweak it, and then ask 50 bucks for it, it had better look nice and purdy.  So whoopty-hey on the gorgeous animations.  Software designers have no excuse for not raising the bar graphic-wise with all the computer technology they now have at their disposal.The gameplay is linear and stagnant.  - "Fight these three brown ninjas! Here comes a white ninja! - Fight this monster, oh wait, more ninjas!!"  About the only rewarding feeling while playing the game was getting to run up walls and flip over people onto ledges etc.  But you can't have fun flipping around all day long because that damn "random ninja generator" is cranked to 11, and wave after wave of generic ninjas will keep attacking you as you play.  - So you can't enjoy the wall hopping without having to participate in Ninja Gaiden's stale fighting system. (Maybe they should have done a Ninja Olympics game??)**There is no ragdoll and the ninja's, when killed, die in about the same three or four poses.  This makes for very monotonous gameplay.  They attack the same way, and then they die the same way.  Zzz. (Ps - The camera/view system is bearable at best. - Which is funny, because the game constantly emphasizes how a true ninja must be extremely observant and adept at looking around. - You'll spend a great deal of time wrestling with compromising camera angles.)**The bosses, as I'm sure you've heard, are ridiculously hard.  But not in a fun advanced AI sense, where you feel the joy of battle... No, I'm afraid not at all.  The bosses are hard in the sense that they know what you are about to do before you do it, and constantly thwart your every attempt to attack them.  To defeat the bosses, you have to waste about 6 or 7 tries finding out what moves not to do, and what pattern it's okay to attack in.  To me, that's not a fun challenge.. that's more of a math equation done with an Xbox controller instead of a calculator.  Tecmo thinks it's funny to waste our time ;)To end on a good note I must say that the story is solid.  And of course, the character artwork and animation is beautiful and fluid.  Very fun to watch.  (Sorry Tecmo, I just ran out of compliments.)If you're a hardcore fan of the original games, hey, buy it. - You're bound to make it fun for yourself.  But if it was the hype train that brought you here, I would advise that you rent this one before buying it. - Metaphorically, this game is a shiny new Corvette with my craptacular 4 cylinder Ford engine powering it.  Savy?
No Doubt this game is great!! But I do not have time to constantly restarting playing the same old area to get to where I died previously. Camera does sucked at times.. Constantly have to adjust your camera to see your path ahead. Save points are far apart. Time is essence. With people like me who has tons of game to play, I wanna finished one game and move on to the next one. With such unjustable difficulty level, I think I would $%^#king forego this game and move on to the next one. I do not intend to kill myself with such difficulty. The creators are Gods I know. But there are a whole bunch of gamers around the world who are not God Gamers!!! Who seek a sense of completing a game because they want to experience the thrill and the excitement of a great game like Ninja Gaiden. However this I can say is definitely not worth my time playing it. When you create a game, you wanna make sure that gamers who play it can complete the game so that they will have an awesome experience and if they feel like challenging themselves to a greater difficulty level, then they may do so at there own will. Games must be created with various difficulty level in mind. If they want to reach out to mass gamers, that is just what they need to do. People like myself aren't expert at games but enjoyed playing and completing it to experience something that could not be experienced in TV, movies or elsewhere. With games it is the only hope for me to explore the sci-fi and fantasy world beyond my imagination. And yet Ninja Gaiden has failed to do so and my only advice to gamers are if you have the time to spend playing over and over again where you got killed, then by all means go ahead, if not find another game that will make you feel happy and satisfied. Because I know I am moving on, PERIOD!!! With this I rest my case.
I had this game a few years back,and it was without a doubt,one of the top five hardest games I have EVER played in my life.Words cannot describe how hard this game is.It's really a shame too,because this game is actually really cool.The graphics,the music,the story...all of that is excellent.It's just too dang hard! If you get agrovated easily...then I HIGHLY recommend that you do NOT buy this game.If you want one of the hardest games ever made...then go for it.
well, this game started off looking really cool, i mean the graphics are great and YOU'RE MULDER running around with a flashlight and pistol, what could be cooler?sadly, the gameplay is very much what you'd expect from a subpar game.. running around, it LOOKS kind of like indigo prophecy which is very good, but without any of the good parts of that game..  you run around and when you walk next to something that requires an action, an "X" appears on the screen.  so it's just a matter of finding X's!  takes all thought out of it.  when you run around, the camera changes, so let's say you run down.. the screen changes and suddenly you're supposed to be moving the controller UP!  this happens over and over and is really annoying.  again, it LOOKS great.  it just isn't fun to PLAY.  to compound that problem, you have to run around areas that look similar, so it's very disorienting and confusing, running up.. oh wait, am i running down or up?  where am i?!you have a notebook with notes from scully.. unfortunately the notes are HANDWRITTEN!  making them really hard to read, at least on my TV.  and besides, who wants to READ during a PS2 game?on to shooting.. shooting is "meh."  it could definitely be worse, but could definitely be better.  it's just not very good.  i gave up on this game pretty fast..  an x-files game is a cool idea, but didn't like this one.
Actually, the more I play the more I wanna change my review. I've noticed some good things and bad things. The campaign is as I said nothing special. Seems pathetic compared to ROC. They couldn't even work in the orcs, so they made them a "bonus" campaign, which involves you do some boring tasks, than ends. People say later you download more, but thats just a rumor. Anyways, the problem isnt building. There are 2 types of missions. Get a hero, fight to the exit, while rescuing units of yours who for some reason still have their weapons even when in jail. Theres also get a half built base, upgrade your townhall or tree or whatever, than attack. Most missions are so easy to complete with the starting units you are given. The real problem is the characters. There are no backgrounds to any character or development. Maiev wants revenge over some dead guards so she hunts illidan, that is her ENTIRE story. You never learn anything else about her, except she has some real problems with being nice. Kael hungers for magic, which is stupid. Arthas is boring, wants to get his power back, and help the king of liches. Pretty boring. Then theres the crypt lord, ana'narub. He says "I was sent to aid you from the lich king" and bam thats it. You never learn anything about him. He is so boring. Then once you finish campaigns there is NO ending, and you learn what happens to NONE of the characters except one. Yes you have to wait for a new game because there was no ending really. It never says "Kael decided to eat, so he stopped being hungry". It says nothing about any of those characters.Battle.net seems to be boring. Every game is usually a rush now. They downgraded most unit costs, and now it is incredibly easy to get mass units and attack. Out of the 100 or so ladder games I have played, only a few involved zero rushing. Tournaments are boring, match after match, people love chatting about nothing. Clan support has added the new constant spamming. Every public channel involves tons of newb clans talking about how they "pwn" everyone and are "1337" so we should all join.The new units are boring. Spell breakers got old. Dragonhawks were in ROC just you couldn't build them, the AI could. Wyverns have had their name changed to Wind Riders for some odd reason. Batriders are fun, except noone goes them. I hate having to take down mountain giants, but they aren't too bad, same with those spirit walkers. Some units have been changed. Tanks are now engines and gyros are now flying machines. Boring. I don't know why they changed those units, but anyways. There are some new buildings, like nerubian towers, arcane towers, the 4 new item shops, thats about it for players. Than taverns and market places which are pretty boring.Neutral heroes are alright. Naga sea witch kinda boring, pit lord fun, beast master involves alot of summoning, dark ranger involves some life sucking, and the pandaran is probably the biggest relief. Its better than "vashj". Which reminds me, blizzard needs to get a good name department, cause the names for the new heroes and such are terrible.
Alright I haven't played this game for more than two hours, but felt the need to save some others some money and put my opinion in for what it's worth.Good news: if you STILL play doom 1 and 2, then THIS is your game! You'll probley think it's game of the year material.Bad news:  if your not in the doom 1 and 2 group, you're probley gonna HATE this game.  I'm in the hate group.There is no great gameplay here, no AI, no inspiring level design, it's not scary.  There's enough pretty graphics to make nice screenshots to sell the game. Mainly it's just shoot collect stuff and move on to next area gameplay.  Boring.  The monsters just spawn then run at you.  You just run upto them and take them out point blank with a shotgun.  It's hard to even get hurt in this game, the main thing that will hurt you is the collaterial damage from the explosives that "just happen" to be laying around the map right in your projectile path.My recommendation is download the demo, and if you think the demo is the most awesome gameplay you've seen they buy it. But don't buy this game without trying the demo!This game ran at top speed on my system:  AMD 2800+, Radeon 9800 PRO 256, 512 Ram. There's nothing spectacular to look at, so my guess is it will probley run at top speed on a majority of systems out there.
It pains me. Only when all nine planets are in perfect alignment is it possible for me to hate a Square-Enix game. For the game to come from the much-loved Final Fantasy franchise, there has to be a lunar and solar eclipse at the same time. Anyone's heard the story right? Square was a struggling developer back in the eighties facing bankrupty. They made a RPG styled after Dragon Quest, Japan's top-selling RPG, which turned into a mega-hit, saving the company and launching one of the most revered videogame series ever.It's strange that I never played Final Fantasy when it first came out on NES. I know that my family owned the cartridge, but I'd never played it. I figured that the first game would be something special. Final Fantasy to me has always been the epic stories, the memorable characters, and the solid gameplay mechanics. Those were the qualities that just enthralled me when I became hooked on Final Fantasy II (the 4th one really) for the SNES. Unfortunately, the story is barely there and the characterization is nil. You are a band of heroes that is plopped down in a medival fantasy world and given the task of restoring the four crystals which will save the world. That's it. Most of the time you are wandering about aimlessly, trying to figure out where you are supposed to go. The method of exploration is go into cave, if monsters kill you in one hit, leave cave and find another. There are some towns you can visit and be treated to wonderful dialogue like "Bless the Crystal!" only thing half the idiots in this world say.If that weren't frustrating enough, this is a really hard game. Unfortunately, the difficulty feels like it comes from poor game design than actually being meant to challenge you. Perpare to spend tons of time leveling up. You'll be attacked often, after one or two steps sometimes, the monsters appear in droves, and your attacks will miss as much as they hit. In dungeons, there are no save points for you to save and restore your health with a tent. The healing items and magic is woefully inadequate most of the time. The magic system is also messed up. Instead of having magic points to use as you please, Magic is divided into 8 levels and you can buy 3 spells from each level. You can only use magic from each level a certain number of time. This annoying because by the time you reach level ten most of the low level spells are practically obsolete but you'll have tons of them and few higher level spells. There are also no items to revive fallen party members, so you have to leave the dungeon, track back to town, and get a priest to revive you. This is really annoying when the town doesn't have a priest and you have to go halfway around the world to find one.I managed to play for 10 hours before I could stand no more. Final Fantasy II is a little better. You play as a group of youths fighting for a rebel resistance movement. The characters have personalities and the game actually gives you missions to accomplish. However, I didn't like the leveling system. Depending on how you fight, your stats increase and decrease accordingly. You'd think that would have the characters highly customizable? Wrong! The characters are still inclined towards certain jobs and weapon types. Maria has low HP and can't hit the broad side of a barn, so she has to be a mage. Give her a javeline instead of her bow and arrow and some animals will have gone extinct before she lands another hit. It takes forever to get the stats to increase.The presentation of the games are pretty good. The graphics and spell effects are bright and attractive. The music is still exceptional. If you loved Final Fantasy I when it first came out and have been itching to play it again, ignore this review and buy this right away. These games have never looked better and they come will a host of unlockable extras. For everyone else looking to play the RPGs are yesteryear, get Final Fantasy Chronicles or Anthology, as Square has perfected the formula for RPGs by then.Final Fantasy Origins is a relic of a long-ago era in gaming that has aged like Buddy Hackette. It's a definitely a historic benchmark for the industry, but for me it's only novelty is that it shows that "You've come along way, Baby!"
Final Fantasy I & Final Fantasy II are nothing special to me. They are very primative, made in 2D. Final Fantasy II is a lot better in it's origanal form on "Super Nintendo". Also the story lines are different in those two versions. It,s for little kids.
I love all of the previous Final Fantasy games.  They all have a good storyline along with excellent gameplay.  Final Fantasy X-2 ends that streak though.  The idea of continuing with a story from an earlier game is good, but they definitely picked the wrong one to go with.  Wouldn't it have been much cooler to see Cloud and the aftermath of FF VII?  The story is just terribly uninteresting in this game.  What I absolutely hated was the amount of "humor" that they tried to put in.  I felt like this game was geared more toward 14-year-old girls than to the gamers who have been playing FF all along.  Rikku and Brother are the two most annoying characters ever to be in a game.  I couldn't stand listening or seeing either one of them.  This was the first FF game that I didn't play through a second time.  I didn't get the good ending where Tidus comes back, but then again, I didn't care.  I hate to say it, but I just wanted it to get over with. Please, do not buy this game.
I don't think Square has ever been involved in something as bad as this game.  I picked it up after playing (and enjoying FFX) hoping to find a continuation of the innovative storyline, development and overall fun.  What I got was about as enjoyable as a knee to the groin.  At times I was tempted to break the game in half simply to assure that I would never accidentally put it in and play this beast again.Anger and spite aside, on with the review.This game continues the FFX story just about where you ended.  It is 2  years later and the land of Spira has turned into one giant theme park where everyone and their mother is a tourist.  Two factions, governed by what looks like 13 year olds, have taken control of the population and are about to come to blows.The game starts out at a concert where Yuna is performing a song and dance number, which is where I begin to taste a bit of bile.  It seems that Yuna has given up on her priestly ways completely, lost about 10 years of maturity, and started a life as a scavenger/pop star.  Throughout the game you are forced to deal with her singing and dancing and a poor attempt to build a plot around it.Other co-stars from the first installment are back as well.  Lulu, Wakka and Kimhari make their cameo appearances but contribute nothing to the story.  Rikku comes back as a playable character, but she seems to have de-evolved into a prepubescent child as well.I won't go into the storyline at all, simply because it would hard to say anything about it without giving the entire premise away completely.  Let me just say it is shallow, very shallow, and completely not worth investing the time to see the endings.  Just look them up on Youtube and that would be good enough.Game mechanics were severely underdone in my opinion.  After the success of FFX, square could have simply ported the game over, changed the names around, and made yet another success out of it.  This game consists of all of the bad parts ported over, and new dumbed down material.  The awkward conversation scripts, irritating voices, and giant plot holes are all back again.  Sadly, all of the good things are gone.  Gone is the sphere grid leveling system, the multiple character with some nice storyline, even a good underlying story is too much to ask of this game.The combat system is nice, I have to give it that.  You are given three characters for the entire game, but you have the ability to change their profession in mid-combat.  Sadly, because every battle is fast paced and all of your skills, magic and even items require a large amount of time to use, you will fight most of your battles by holding the button down and attacking madly until something dies.All of the visuals, monsters, characters and settings are a straight port from the previous release which I found odd since this game is far shorter.  I got through it with about 60% completion in under 20 hours.  While spending more time to get 100% will get you another 1.5 minutes of ending sequence, it is really not worth your time.In all, looks as good as the original.  While I liked the fast paced, quick thinking fight system, the omission of an interesting leveling system was irritating.  This game was a slap to the face of the fan base it was supposed to be made for.  At many points, the shear shallowness of the dialog, lack of character development and simpleminded mini-games make you feel like you are playing a game more suited for 11 year olds.  Then you get a thong shot of Rikku or you hit the point you have to give  a sensual massage to a woman for points and you wonder what the heck the creators were thinking.If you are a fan of Final Fantasy gaming, avoid this one.  If you are not a fan, well, you have no reason to touch this one anyway.
Let me begin by saying that this game is very different from FFX.  Do not expect an epic story here.  And the battle system is drastically different.  All three of the main characters are females.  The story takes place in Spira.  Yuna, Rikky, and a new character, Paine are Sphere Hunters.  They travel all over the continenct searching for these artifacts.  The story is very lightweight and definitely not engaging.  However, the game is not a bad RPG.  If you simply just want to pass the time and play an RPG, then this game will do.  Just do not expect it to be anywhere near as good as FFX. In my view, there are many other superior RPGs out there that should be first on your list.
If you forgot everything you ever knew about final fantasy X and this came out, you would think it was so stupid. The plot, trying to find a guy. Who would want to play that. The cutscene graphics are very good. almost real. But the gameplay graphics are about the same as final fantasy X that came out 2 years ago. The powering up system is horrible and doing special movies you have to change cloths. It is very confusing and not worth getting into. The voices are good. The game takes 30 hours to beat. The battling is not at all stragetic because you have a certain amount of time before an enemy attacks. You just say attack everytime. Yuna's song is awful.
like ff8 you either like it or dont. i dont. this game is an embarrassment to the series. this is coming from a long time hardcore final fantasy fan--this game isnt that great.
Sonic Adventure DX: Director's Cut is, conceptually, a great idea. The game is among the blue hedgehog's finest, and the list of extra features is a Sonic fan's dream come true. Unfortunately, the execution looks and feels rushed, resulting in an unbalanced end product. As advertised, Sonic Adventure DX contains a slew of extras, like every Sonic game ever released on the Game Gear handheld, a brand-new Mission mode with 60 objectives, and Game Boy Advance connectivity options that let you raise Chao and unlock links for other GameCube Sonic games. Those are all cool features, but it's a different story when you get to the main portion of the game. The graphics have been polished with detailed textures, but the already problematic camera angles have gotten worse. The visuals also break up and have serious collision detection issues. These collision hiccups also adversely affect the controls, which otherwise feel good.The audio has been spiced up with a Dolby Pro Logic II option, which sounds great albeit a tad too loud. The dialogue is the same as in the Dreamcast version and is not intended to be as goofy as it sounds, but it's certainly not irritating. Who would have thought a few years ago that virtually every major Sonic game would be available on the GameCube? Sonic Adventure DX is a deeper, more interesting game than its sequel, but the camera and collision problems hurt the overall experience. Only recommended for serious Sonic enthusiasts and completists.
Not exactly.  I was a die-hard fan of Donkey Kong Country when it came out for the SNES, and I had hoped that this game would be a re-release of the same game for new fans to enjoy.It's not.This is why, more or less, the grade is so low.  I loved that old SNES game to death.  I think I may have loved it a little TOO much, however, because I waited several days before actually entering my name to play it.  Why?  Because although I turned the game on the very first day, the absence of that wonderful image of Cranky with the phonograph made me realize I wasn't back in Kansas, so to speak.Yes, you may get some kicks out of this game if you're a new gamer.  Yes, you may find it amusing if you were a casual fan of the original, but for an orthadox Kong-aholic like me, I just don't reccomend it.
This game gets off to a good start:  you wake up on a beach, everything looks animation-cel painted, and your feelings of disorientation are well done using some sort of camera-wobble/blur technique.  The idea here was also to add comic-book stylings:  certain game elements appear in break-away and pop-up panels seperate to the main action, and sound effects get their own animation (like the "Bam!" of a gun or the "Tok!" of footsteps).From here the problems are many.  The savegame system mimics consoles:  you must make it to the next checkpoint to save, and at least one level had *no* checkpoint throughout the entire first part.  The gameplay is inconsistent:  sometimes I can take down an opponent with one shotgun blast to the midsection, other times it takes a half-dozen head shots.  There are times when a sequence starts you off surrounded by bad guys, and you end up standing there facing them, both of you plugging away at each other--no chance to duck behind cover or take them out strategically.  Sometimes the comic-panel animations appear *under* my screen - I can see the edges of the animation poke up at the top.  Sometimes the game locks up my hefty system.  And every time I start the game, Disc 1 isn't good enough:  it asks me to "please insert a XIII disc" until I give it Disc 2, 3, or 4.I would pay [less] for this game just to try it multiplayer, but at [the price] I was very disappointed.  I'd much rather have bought Max Payne 2.
I think  this game was a complete knock-off of Grand Theft Auto only with a lot less violence and the only funny part is when you hit people and the character says something. The levels are outrageously easy and theres really nothing to do after you beat the game. There are also about forty cars in the game and most of them are stupid. Do not buy this game reapeat do not buy this game it is too easy.
I don't recommend this game, grainy graphics, poor history and all the game is very dark, it deserves a try, not the buy !!
My favorite genre of games are survival horror. This game isn't as good as Silent Hill three. Plus it won't sell good because many parents won't let their kids buy this game. The Suffering is also scary, but not like Silent Hill 3. The graphics aren't great and it's too gory. Their is a lot of pointless gore. They tried to make it like a Grand Theft Auto with more Gore. If you want a better game check out Fatal Frame 2 or Silent Hill 3. These are better games.
I bought this game because I had played the first one, and it was fun, funny, and had the right level of challenge. I was looking forward to another cool action/platforming adventure. But that was NOT what I got.From the very beginning, the lighthearted, madcap-cartoon tone of the first game is lost. Instead, characters are constantly angry, scowling, and generally put you in a bad mood. I hated Jak's new personality. I would rather him be a "mute" than this "angry young man" type.In the first game, once you entered an environment, you could wander freely, grabbing Power Cells in any order that you wanted to. Not so in Jak II. Instead, you are given "missions". Now, mission-based gameplay is a pet peeve of mine, since I'm used to games where you figure out your objective on your own, so it may not bother people who are used to this type of thing. It does, however, make ME angry.If the missions themselves were good, this wouldn't matter, but they're not. They're lame and repetitive to a fault. Shoot this...shoot that...beat this time...what happened to the creative objectives of the first Jak and Daxter?The most grevious issue to me, however, is the controls. In the previous game, the simple platforming and combat let me concentrate freely on my goals. Here, you must use unwieldy guns and vehicles. What is this, Grand Theft Auto? With the vehicles, I was constantly crashing into things. Then the guards would come after me and shoot at me (yet another GTA copy). With the guns, targeting was terribly slow and clunky. I found it easier to just rush the enemy and punch it, which kind of took away the strategy.I was just so disappointed with this game. After the fun I had with Jak and Daxter, I thought I would have another great series to play. Sadly, I was wrong.
Jak & Daxter:  the Precursor Legacy was the first title in this series, and it very much set the standard on the Playstation for the Platformer genre.  I have played and beaten the prequel thoroughly, even getting the extra ending for finding all the Precursor Orbs. I loved the game from one end to the other.When Jak 2 opens, it's clear that the story will be taking a new turn into a dark place:  our heroes are in a bad future, and we take control of Jak only after an interval (told through cutscenes) of his having been tortured and mutated.  It seemed to make for an interesting new take on the series, but very quickly you realize that unlike its predecessor, Jak II imitates more than it innovates.  Even worse, the imitation isn't even in the same genre:  Jak 2 dovetails its platformer formula into a more "sandboxed" open world that heavily mimics the Grand Theft Auto series.  I've played the GTA series and loved it, but here the fusion fails miserably.  As the storyline progresses, frustrating side quests and attempts to inject variety into the gameplay are quickly derailed by the fact that a single mistake blows the entire operation, bumping into someone during a race can trigger a full alert, and you can easily get shot out of the sky, have your vehicle explode out from under you, or find yourself surrounded by a never-ending stream of guards.I'd like to say the awfulness ends there, but unfortunately the amount of effort quickly outweighs the payoff.  There are times when "puzzles" amount to "how often can you kill/smash things before you're caught and killed?"  In more than one sequence, you become convinced that Jack Thompson has finally found his "murder simulator":  the goal is to bang on the trigger, again and again, as fast as you can, while guards die screaming at your feet.  The difficulty is balanced by a bonus "Dark Jak" feature that makes you super-powerful. However this feature gets seriously annoying: it takes a lot of dark eco collecting to charge it up, and during these murder-fest stretches, it's all too easy to accidentally bang the lower trigger and blow your charge.  If you plan to use this power burst to get yourself through a difficult spot, if you don't survive to the checkpoint, you won't have it available to you again because there won't be enough Dark Eco lying around to recharge you.Where I finally gave up on this game--at the 94% mark--was when the number of pointless conveyor belts with hard-to-reach switches over boiling lava and/or radiation pits made me realize that this was no longer "challenging", it was more like a test to see how angry the player could get before they take the disc out and throw it against the wall.  I have beaten many a game and put up with many, many death sequences, and in the end Jak killed my desire to go on far deader than any of the bodies I'd stacked along the way.  Not clever, not fun for long, and not recommended.
I rented this game hearing it was but is awful. the controls r all with the analog and r and l buttons which is very stupid in hand 2 hand fighting, while gun fighting and sword fighting fun the controlls r still hard and the enemies is very and theres a diffculty level except u have  to unlock on my opininon definately rent this game and dont buy it cause u get tired of it pretty soon
Any enjoyment you might derive from this game is from playing as Jet Li in an old-school fight setting.  When the novelty of that wears off, what you have left is an incredibly repetitive game with a godawful camera and an ill-advised control scheme.Yes, bonus marks are in order for using Cantonese in Hong Kong with subtitles.  (As a native Hong Kong person I can say the dialogue is less stilted than usual, though still flawed)  Though I might add that international espionage games like Syphon Filter has been doing that for years.  The settings are authentic enough, with the battles in the Hong Kong settings being especially evocative of kung fu films.But is it worth the very problematic gameplay?  Just barely.  If you've seen/played the demo already, you'll know that the entire fight system consists of slapping the right analog stick.  While the array of moves you can unleash is impressive, motion-captured well from Li's own silhouette, this system is very ill conceived from a fighting-game perspective.  Worse still, the camera is so restless that you could be in the middle of a combo against an enemy, and then the perspective shifts so that you're suddenly hitting at air and the enemy's to the side.  So many game designers have misled notions about being filmmakers, not realizing that the best perspective for gaming is a fixed perspective.  This problem came to a head during the ludicrous "escape from capture" stage where the camera actually cuts you off, preventing you from seeing what's behind you, even though there are guards sweeping flashlights that way that you're supposed to avoid!  This is simply a moronic use of the camera.Aside from this, the fighting gets tired awfully quickly, especially since the designers committed the ol' "this level never ends" sin.  This game alleviates this problem by having lots of checkpoints where you can continue the game, but during some of the "one against 14" stages, the endless brawling still gets tired.  And whose idea was it to have enemies pull off 18-hit combos, where if you get hit the first time, you get to watch your character get pummelled for 10 seconds straight?I actually find the gunfight segments of this game more fun than the endless, endless hand-to-hand stages.  This is where the dual analog sticks truly shine, allowing you to smoothly run from spot to spot forwards and backwards while your hands can aim independently and a top button allows you to do Time Crisis-style ducking.  There's even a crazy level where you fight off about 100 enemies with two nailguns!This game would probably remain tempting to Jet Li fans because of the role-playing aspect of it.  And I wouldn't blame them -- this was my reason for buying this game, and there are a few levels that I truly enjoyed.  The overall game, however, is really not that great, and I would recommend only playing it in small doses.  It will get tired mightily quickly if you sit with it for more than an hour.
"Jet Li: Rise to Honor" is a third person brawling and shooting game. In the game, the player takes the role of Jet Li - or rather, a character virtually portrayed by him.The story is a fairly simple, revolving around Chinese gangs and criminal elements. Jet Li - or the player - is Kit Yun, a bodyguard responsible for protecting Boss Chiang, who is attempting to leave his life of crime behind. Most of the story involves beating up other gang members who are trying to kill Chiang or, later, his daughter, and the story serves mostly as an excuse for this violence.The gameplay is simple compared to many other brawler games: aside from guarding and area-specific actions, fighting occurs by pushing ("slapping", in the game's words) the right control stick in the direction that you want to attack. This allows for multidirectional attacking in the game's many multi-opponent fights. This simplifies combat almost to the point where it's not fun anymore; the only other action is "adrenaline attacks", which is basically slow motion or bullet time. Gun battles work roughly the same way, except the control stick is used to target and the R2 button is used to shoot. Apart from some neat interactive features, like kicking people into equipment or onto hot stoves, there isn't a lot of gameplay variety.The graphics are decent, but not good. Faces are reasonably good, but also tend to be blocky. The textures range from mediocre to poor, with too much blur and not enough detail. The action, despite some neat slow-motion moments, is generally lackluster as well. The sound is for the most part forgettable and consists mainly of yelling in Chinese."Mediocre" describes this game fairly well. At most parts, it simply drags as you are forced to fight yet another wave of hooded thugs, and it lacks excitement and panache.4/10.
The first Dark Alliance had far better graphics and more interesting monsters.  Plus, while the story was corny and cliched, there still was a story.This has pretty much no story at all, the monsters are lame, the graphics are forgettable, the settings are dumb (or inappropriate for D&D;), and the gameplay monotonous.  The ending has you going through the very same Onyx Tower as in the first (although the story explains this well), and the final battle is largely identical to that in DA I.One oft-heard criticism of Dark Alliance I was that it was too short:  if you sat down in the morning with it, you could definitely get through the game in one day, by afternoon or early evening.  I think the gamemakers took that criticism to heart when they made this sequel:  no getting through this one in a day.  Unfortunately, that was accomplished not by adding more mazes and monsters but simply by having each level by interminably long and repetitive.  Bigger mazes are not necessarily better, especially if it's just the same ol' stuff over and over again.Whenever I get in the mood to play hack-and-slash, I always play through the first one.  Whenever I continue on to the second one, I always regret it.
After playing a lot of Mario Kart, Smash Bros., and Mario Tennis on my Gamecube, I went on the lookout for another fun multi-player excursion.  I came across Mario Golf and decided to give it a shot.  Unfortunately, it was a very disappointing experience.The main problem with "Toadstool Tour" is that it lacks energy and excitement.  Every hole seems exactly the same...blast the ball a few times and then fiddle around with the putting.  There seem to be no "cool secret moves" or new things to discover.Not helping matters are the shoddy controls.  Putting from short range is an exercise in frustration that immediately turned me off to the whole experience (kind of turned it into a button-mashing frenzy).This one will not stay in my collection alongside the previously mentioned Mario multi-players.
I have a Pentium 4 2.8 GHz, a GeForce 5900 FX 256 MB, and 512 MB of RAM. Apparently I'm exactly the sort of person that Gearbox HATES. I have to run this at an atrocious 800x600 to get remotely smooth 30fps performance. And even if I turn all of the bells & whistles on and set everything up to max and it become a 12 frames per hour slideshow, the graphics STILL don't even come close to the quality of the Xbox version. Very disappointing. I was looking forward to playing Halo with mouse/keyboard support and better graphics. It simply isn't happening. I'll stick to my Xbox for now, thanks.
This game is boring.I don't know what the big fuss about it is...the multiplayer is BORING...it's not even exciting.Graphics are amazing...boring, stupid plot though.Try Call of Duty for a good FPS this year.
IF you like fighting in videogames you should check out this game. The fighting is spectacular. You just beat down those orcs with your arrows and swords, its a really fun time. The orcs are different and have different features. Also whats new from the Two Towers version is the you have more characters to play with, especially Gandalf. But, most of these characters exept for Gandalf are unlock until later in the game which is unfortunate. It doesn't follow the movie like I thought it would. But, you can see clips from the Return of the King movie mixed in with the game. The reason i hate this game is because when your playing two player campaign you have to save on two different files and it gets mixed up all the time. The saving system is a joke. YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN WHEN YOU PLAY THE GAME. It's horrible.
this game no longer supports online play!!! find something else and don't waste your hard-earned bucks!
. . . on the Nintendo 64.- Is there $50 worth of additions?  No.- Is there $50 worth of better graphics?  No.- Is there $50 worth of new characters?  No.- Is there $50 worth of new gameplay?  No.- Is two characters in one cart worth $50? No.- Is GC broadband compatibility worth $50? No.Face it, this game is not a sequel, it's an expansion pack.  Moreover, single player is no fun at all.  Has our society become so blind that we spend money on games that WE ALREADY HAVE all the while there are people in other countries who are STARVING?  I mean, give me a break, donate $50 to a worthwhile charity and play the N64 version for crying out loud.
I've attempted on so many occasions to play this game and to force myself to like it.  I CANNOT.  The fun factor just isn't there for me.  I sit there driving around bored the whole time.  And then there's the music...WTF is with the "music" in this game!?  Not only is it not good, it's actually BAD.  It's downright annoying and painful like someone just randomly strung a bunch of notes together and called it a day.  I honestly can't get over how terrible it is.  There's also so much crap in the peripherals of the screen that you can barely see half the course!  I wish they'd give you the option to turn that stuff OFF.  The only reason I'm giving this two stars instead of one is because some of the levels have nice graphics.  But who cares!  Anyone want to buy a used Double Dash game?
I say stay away from this game.It was 20 dollars wasted.Only good thing i could say about it is its graphics. Ok, you have that one.but seriously. the plot is extremely cliche. i remember one part of the game where it actually TELLS you.The big deal about this game is the multiplayer. I heard it's great when you have friends to play with, but no one I know owns this game.to be honest...i found this game difficult too. and im talking about playing with yourself. by the second stage i quit because it became frustrating. not really, but it became boring and uninteresting.
I am a huge fan of the Final Fantasy series and I thoroughly enjoyed Final Fantasy Tactics for the PlayStation.  This game, however, I didn't care for much.  The sound and graphics were decent, but the playability was way down.  In the original, you were able to rotate the camera angle to get a better view; that feature doesn't exist in this version (I suppose due to the restricted available memory).  For some reason, game designers seem to think that more complicaated means more challenging.  The whole 'law' system I think is a big downfall.  You can make a game challenging without making complicated game mechanics.
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a fun and addictive game...to a point.Probably the best feature of the game is that it's perfect for the Gameboy Advance..or at least for frequent short play instead of long sittings.  It's quick to hop in to, doesn't have a whole lot of plot for you to forget (this was kind of a downpoint, but having played the game on and off over about 3 months it's become a good thing), and you can make accomplishments with about 10-15 minutes of gameplay (or even save during game in a pinch).  It's perfect for travelling.The gameplay is fun and addictive.  It's been a while since I played the Playstation original, but the classes seem better and more balanced, and more meaningful when you combine abilities.  It's a great way to kill a half hour here and a half hour there.Now the things that drag it down.The Law system is by far it's most annoying feature.  It's basically  a list of things you can't do in a particular battle.  There are two results to breaking said law: 1) for a minor transgression, you get a yellow card.  after the battle, it will do somethingbad to your character like lower stats, etc.  2) more severe violations of the law (usually KOing someone with the illegal move) will take you out of the battle and put you straight into prison.  The problem is that the yellow card doesn't effect your opponents, because what happens after the battle is irrelevant to them, and usually 2-3 enemies every battle have an ability that converts any severe violations into a yellow card, so they never get removed from battle.  In effect, the Law system is a restriction on you and no one else.  Also, if your main character ever gets a severe violation, it's game over for you.The further into the game you get, the more annoying it gets to be because they become more general and more numerous.  You'll end up in battles where Swords, Fight (the basic attack command), and color magic (white, black, red, etc) are all forbidden.  Great, so you've got about 1 character that can do anything worthwhile, meanwhile the other team is all suited up perfectly to not have to deal with those laws.  Sometimes in a long drawnout battle you'll forget what the laws are and accidentally break one.  It sucks to get gameover just because after a 45 minute battle (because 90% of your moves are handicapped it gets hard to win quickly) you accidentally break some obscure law like attacking the same opponent twice in a row.Which brings me to my next complaint.  Not all of the laws are clearly spelled out.  You'll remember what they are after the first time you break them, but knowing ahead of time is often not possible.  For instance: "knightswords" will be banned.  None of the offending weapons are labeled as such, so you don't get to know if you're going to break the law until you actually do.  Similarly: "ganging up" has something to do with multiple allies attacking the same enemy; hard not to do when it's the last enemy on the board.The Judge who enforces these laws (one in every battle) also is sort of annoying himself.  He stands in the battlefield and takes a turn (and a space) like everyone else.  He takes his turn extremely slow though...just sitting there for 20-30 seconds at a time most often, and then moving somewhere or rearranging KOed bodies for some reason.  It breaks the momentum of the game.
Let me start off by saying that I've been a fan of the final fantsy series since FF5.  Each one has been different and had it's own good points and bad points.  As for FF Tactics Advanced, the bad far outweigh the good.  Let me tell you the good points first.1. It's on GBA, meaning it's portable and that you can play it anywhere at anytime.2. Player's are able to change jobs as in the original FF Tactics.3.  The graphics are pretty decent for a GBA game.Now for the bad1.  The Story - the story for FFTA has to be the most thoughtless and simple ones for any FF game to date.  Your character is warped into an alternate dimension where the Final Fantasy video game becomes real.  Your objective now is to find a way back home (how creative).  You join a clan of other characters and fight with other random clans throughout the game.  You advance the plot by completing various missions.  You eventually have to fight your friends from the real world who don't want to go home and convince them to go back with you.  You can basically know the whole lame story of this game before you even get halfway through the game.  I won't spoil the ending for those of you who haven't played the game (even though there's not much to spoil).2. Laws - On FFTA the game has a set number of laws in each location and a judge watching the battle to make sure no one breaks them.  At times you can cleverly use these laws to bind your enemies from doing certain things.  However, later on in the game the game starts placing 3 laws in effect all at once.  This slows down the battles greatly and sometimes the 3 laws could be barring you from healing, using magic, or even using the fight command itself!  Sometimes they even barred me from doing dmg to animals in a battle where I was fighting 5 animals.  These laws end up being more annoying than helpful especially if you're like me and want to build characters to their max lvs and stats.3.  Lack of Sidequests - This game has a huge lack of sidequests or other alternate things to do in the game.  You can accept extra missions from the Pubs but half of them don't even allow you to fight, but rather dispatch a clan member to complete the mission for a certain amount of time.  The extra missions where you can actually fight are often unrewarding and a waste of time.  This game lacks a Dungeon or bonus area where enemies are stronger than the final boss like in the other FF titles (ie. Deep Dungeon of FFT, Via Infinito of FFX-2, Research Cen. FF8, etc.)4. Sound - If you've played any FF titles before then I'm sure you know what I mean when I say that the music on this game is weak.  The tunes on the other games were so good that you would go to some areas just to hear the music and would later find yourself humming the tunes.  However, on this game that isn't the case.5. Difficulty - Square usually tries to balance the FF games.  Not make them to hard but then again not to easy either.  This one falls in the category with the &quot;kiddie game stigma&quot; that plagues Nintendo today.  The game is far too easy for anyone who's played and beaten the other FF titles.  They made this one in order to ensure that all 6-14yr olds would be able to beat this game.Overall I wouldn't recommend this game to a normal RPG fan.  Get this one ONLY if you feel the need to have every Final Fantasy game in your collection or if you're not bothered by the huge number of flaws in this game (I would have listed more if I had more space).
Don't get me wrong - Super Mario Bros. 3 is one of the greatest games Nintendo ever made.  I remember paying an exorbitant amount of money so I could play the Japanese version before the original game was released in America - and then playing it literally all night and into the next morning.  In fact, I just had fun playing it the other day on my Super Nintendo.Which leads to the question - why the heck does this cost $29.99?  As far as I could tell, the only changes are some annoying random voice samples, and a few text changes that I can't explain (i.e. the &quot;cards&quot; that you get at the end of each level are now called something else - tiles, maybe?).I have a game called Mario All-Stars for my Super Nintendo.  It features four full Mario games, with extensive updates to the graphics and sound of each game.  Yet, if I remember correctly, that game sold for only $39.99 when it was brand new.  The fact that Nintendo now is selling a 10-year-old game for more than $10 is ridiculous.
After dropping the pathetic bombshell that was X6 back in 2001, Capcom finally decided it was time to take the X series to the next level. Unforunately, as if things weren't already bad enough for the series, we all know that Capcom failed to make this conversion as painless as possible, and fans had another half-baked game to add to their Mega Man X gaming collection.At first glance, Mega Man X7 has eveything one would expect from a Mega Man title. The the cel-shaded graphics are pretty nice to look at, considering X fans are used to looking at 2D sprite graphics. Beyond it's graphical engine, however, X7 does almost everything humanly possible to ruin the rest of the experience for the gamer.To start off, the load times are way too abundant. Considering  this isn't a first generation PSX2 title, and the fact that games like the PSX2 Final Fantasy's have better graphics and faster load times, this is just unexcusable (even if the load screens do act as continue points). Next is the horrendous english voice acting. Considering the fact Capcom conmpletely disrespected US gamers but not even bothering to add english voices to X6, this is a little more tollerable in my book (at least they tried - I guess).Another gripe is we're still treated to the same still shots and text story scenes as in X5 and X6. I though the jump to a 32-bit system to a 128-bit system would actually mean something here, but no. You'll have to beat the game to see ending - the only VMF in the entire game, excluding the opening.Gameplay is where Mega Man X7 commits the most serious of its crimes. The 2D sections of the game play well enough, even if the auto-aim is a bit glitchy at times. 3D sections don't even play half as well, as camera problems creep up continously, forcing players to make some jumps completely blind (don't get me started on having to rotate the camera in conjunction to shooting in some boss fights just to see your attacker...). Even worse is the mass of slowdown one will experence, espcially during the boss fights, were the game slows down to a crawl. Level designs are decent, but it is pretty sad considering one can find all the hidden power-ups without much exploration (I didn't even have to consult a guide - I found everything on the first playthough).Most Mega Man fans will probably buy Mega Man X7 reguardless of what I written above (I still bought it, and I knew what I was getting into). Still, I remember a time when you could say you had beaten all the Mega Man X games and you could say it with pride. Unfortunately, now all it means you have played four good games and four so-so games.
Mega Man X7(2003). The seventh game in a seven part series.Ever since Megaman X4 was released back in 1997, hardcore fans of the series were impatiently waiting for Capcom to follow up on its impressive streak of solid MMX games, I being one of those fans. It took them nearly four long years to finally make MMX5, and when they did, it received nothing but mixed reviews. While it still stayed tried and true to the classic 2D formula, there were a few changes that ended up bringing the game down, such as the lack of anime-cutscenes and a guiding feature that hindered more than helped the game. Despite these quibbles however, I felt that this game was needlessly bashed by other hardcore fans, so I stood up for it. Afterall it was still a fun game and it stuck tried and true to the classic gameplay. Same thing for MMX6, only this one got even more criticism by the die-hard fans. I personally thought X6 was a reasonable game, though the story was bad, but once again, it delivered in challenging old-school gameplay. As a hardcore fan who is open to most games, I am willing to defend X5 and X6 to the end. However, the same cannot be said about the new entry, X7. Read on and see why the negatives outweigh the positives:POSITIVES-For the most part, THE GRAPHICS HERE ARE PRETTY GOOD. Bringing the game to the PS2 was an advantage here because it allowed the environments to be brought fully into the 3D realm with lots of detail. Not only the environments, but also the characters were animated fairly well too.-Contrary to the last couple of X games, X7 ACTUALLY SPORTS AN EXCELLENT ROCK SOUNDTRACK. Nothing real memorable, but the tunes do stay true to the earlier games.-I like the option of BEING ABLE TO SWITCH BETWEEN TWO CHARACTERS AT ANYTIME DURING A LEVEL. This helps when a certain part of a level is too difficult with one character, but the one has an easier time.-Though most of the voice acting isn't necessarily great, I thought that the voices for Zero and Signas were excellent. If you pay close attention, you can tell that the voice for Signas is the same as the voice of Alucard from Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night.-And on the bright side, X certainly doesn't sound like a girl like he did in X4.-Certain enemies you encounter will bring up old memories of the first few MMX games.NEGATIVES-Here is where the X7 comes crashing down: WHEN A MMX GAME IS NO LONGER CLASSIC 2D, THEN A MMX GAME HAS LOST ITS "SOUL". What I mean is, by moving the game to 3D, the game loses its feel that most people have come to love. I'm not against making 3D games at all, quite the opposite in fact. It's just that the MMX series was meant to be classic sidescroller gaming, and by taking that away, the MMX games are reduced to nothing more than a generic 3D shooter that already looks like so many other games. Besides, we already have a 3D MM series, and that's none other than Mega Man Legends. I appreciate Capcom for trying to add a little bit of new to the formula, but this has really gone too far.-Also, without the classic 2D formula, the level designs become drab, without excitement.-While there were some places where the camera switched to 2D sideview, in both modes THE CONTROLS ARE VERY SLUGGISH. This is probably what turned me off the most about X7. Remember how X and Zero had smooth controls in all the past games? Well, its mostly gone now. Having sluggish controls is a big nono when it comes to these games because the games are all about fast action, and the game becomes no fun to play when your controls aren't very responsive.-Unresponsive controls means the game is going to be very difficult to play, and not in a good way.-A MMX GAME WHERE YOU HAVE TO UNLOCK X, THE _MAIN_ CHARACTER?? Utter Blasphemy.-What's the point of Axl? He may be an easy character to use, but he's just plain annoying. I cringe everytime he speaks.-Remember how in X6 how they thankfully gave you the option of listening or not listening to Alia's advice? WELL THEY SOMEHOW MESSED THAT UP HERE TOO! Everytime you get to certain points (which is like every few feet) Alia will whine at you to listen to her advice. This is almost as annoying as when you were FORCED to listen to her in X5.-Also, the dialogue moves very slowly and you are forced to sit through everything.-The story has gone so far off track that it's become difficult to follow. So Zero is still around even after X6 where he (*SPOILER ALERT*) put himself into a capsule pod to awaken in the future where the MM Zero games take place? His presence in X7 completely negates those two games, AND THEY ARE VERY GOOD MM GAMES TOO, unlike this one here.-Don't get me started on the bosses. It's been stated before but Capcom really has run out of ideas for bosses. An onion?? I won't even touch that one.-The gameplay can become very unbalanced at times. While Zero can storm levels, it's nearly impossible to use him on most bosses in the game, even the easy ones.-WHAT'S THE POINT IN PUTTING SIGMA IN THE GAME?? Is there some sort of rule where Sigma has to be the final boss in every X game, regardless of how he does/doesn't tie in to the plot? He hasn't been an important storyline element at all since X5, where he was a BIG part of the plot. I just wish Capcom would surprise us a little in that area.While I do give Capcom props for trying to add new dimensions to the MMX series, it proved to be a vain attempt to get a new audience, and it ended up only making everyone yawn. Since it's a bad game overall, I'm giving it only 2 stars. 1 star is too low though because I only reserve that for absolutely terrible games. X7 is still somewhat playable. It's just not my cup of tea, and that's saying alot because I'm actually a lot more open to newer MM games than most of the diehard fans are. They will continue to put down X5 and X6 needlessly, but I believe X7 is where the low point really is. Once the game has lost all the aspects of the MMX series, it's over. X7 unfortunately demonstrates that fact. I hate to say it, but this is where Capcom should call it quits. IF YOU ARE A NEW FAN, AVOID. OTHERWISE THIS GAME IS A WEEKEND RENTAL AT BEST.
Mega Man X7 continues the Mega Man X series slide into ruin.  It tries to improve upon the formula and that certainly isn't the best idea.  A new character is introduced but that can't save Mega Man X7 at all.The 3-D graphics aren't that bad at all in this game. Surprisingly their pretty good.  We get to watch a 3D anime scene at the start and it's pretty cool.  But that's about as far as eye-candy goes. Without a doubt more animations and such could've been put into the graphics.I can't say much for the sound.  A lot of it is pretty bad and while it hits the action notes, it just doesn't work.  The voices (in english anyway) are very horrible.  The sound effects are cool though, but that doesn't mean the sound is all that great.The gameplay almost saves this game and actually gets it the two stars it deserves.  The gameplay is simple, just like always.  When you select to go to a level you now get to choose two of three characters. Either X, Zero or the new character Axl.  You're allowed to switch between the two characters as you like. As you might have guessed, Zero is the strongest of the three and he uses a Z-Saber (Think of a lightsaber from Star Wars if this is your first Mega Man X game).  Axl is a new character who has the ability to float in the air if need be for a short while (like Peach in Super Mario Brothers 2).While the gameplay is good it is quite a difficult game, like many other Mega Man X games it takes time to get used to.The story actually focuses around Zero and Axl.  There really is no real plot in Mega Man X7, it's the same old select between eight bosses until you get to that final encounter.  Short game as always.It's about time a Mega Man game came to the PS2 but I certainly woudln't recommend you get this one. Pass this up, it isn't even better than Mega Man X6.
I have been a fan of Capcom's Megaman series since the first game on the original NES. The colorful environments, stimulating music, and inventive character design kept me interested even into recent years. After Megaman X4 however, Capcom has been getting sloppy with the series. The translation and overall production of X5 and X6 took a nose-dive, the music wasn't as inspired, and the level setup/enemy design was poor. Sadly, Megaman X7 is even worse than those two games. The updated 3D graphics give the game a fresh facelift, but the hit detection, boss design, and story is just a garbled mess. The camera in the full 3D areas often obstructs the player's view, some of the minor enemies take way too many hits to defeat, and there isn't even a sound effect when you pick up items. In short, the whole production simply feels glitchy and incomplete. The new character Axl is no redeeming factor either...he's a whiny brat who is meant to appeal to today's overconfident youth. If a good Megaman game is what you want, get Megaman X4 for PS1 or one of the Megaman Zero games for Gameboy Advance instead.First the Street Fighter/VS. series drops in quality, then the sequel to Devil May Cry turns out to be a dud, and now Megaman X7...what's going on, Capcom?
This game was a big disapointment. It was almost exactly the same as medal of honor frontline. The only difference was the levels, which were even more boring then frontline's levels. The storyline is so stupid that I skiped the in game movies. If EA wants to make a good and different war game than I suggest they make a war game about either the revolutionary war or the civil war. Theres too many games about world war 2 or about "special forces" games. These games have died out years ago, and there still making them!
The Good: World War II movie clips are interesting, you can use cheat codes, new arsenal of weapons, fun opening levelThe Bad: Wonky controls, terrible AI, boring gameplay, horrid framerate, ugly visuals, an overall lack of polishPearl Harbor was one of the worst terrorist attacks on the US, and was what got us involved in World War II. EA decided to leave the frontlines of Europe and head to Hawaii at Pearl Harbor and into the Japanese and Philippine frontlines. It's a nice change of scenery, especially back in the day when WWII shooters were coming out nearly every day. The problem is, Rising Sun is a reskin of Frontline with the lack of polish, detail, and just doesn't feel complete. Rising Sun needed about 6 months more of development before being anything remotely decent. What we have here is a sluggish, boring, and mediocre shooter, probably one of the worst shooters of 2003.The game actually starts out pretty nicely. The bombing of Pearl Harbor feels epic in this game, you are just a nobody sailor who gets woken up by the bombings. After you see the poorly pre-rendered cut scene you start controlling your guy and it feels very similar to Frontline, too similar. Right off the bat you realize the control issues haven't changed. The aiming is really sensitive and finicky, there's no iron sights aiming, and the controls just suck still. Once you run around the boat trying to escape you notice you can save at checkpoints. This is actually one of the only two major issues that were fixed from Frontline. The missions are very long and you no longer have to start at the beginning of every level when you die.Once you get out you notice the framerate is worse than Frontline. The FPS drops into single digits often and it actually affects gameplay. Trying to shoot someone when the game is chugging along at 5 frames a second is nearly impossible. It doesn't help that the aiming is already wonky. The change of pace in the beginning using the turret on the boat and shooting down planes is fun, I also have to mention that the only great part of Rising Sun is the music. Medal of Honor has a fantastic score across all the WWII games, but Rising Sun needs more than that to save it.Once you start the next level you realize the game is just so bad. The level design is abysmal with confusing mazes, it was cute for EA to try to make you feel like you have multiple paths but you really don't. It just makes things more confusing. There are also secondary hidden objectives this time around but they are nearly impossible to figure out, hell even the regular objectives are hard to figure out. Items don't flash so you can't tel if it's part of the scenery or something you need to interact with. Most of the time you just get lucky when a prompt comes up on screen when you pass something.I like the new selection of weapons, the shotgun, Type 99, Sten MKII, and a few other Pacific Theatre weapons. That's probably the only other great change from Frontline, but the guns control so horribly that you won't care. The most annoying part of Rising Sun is the forced and failed implementation of stealth. During one of the last few levels you get recruited into the OSS and have to infiltrate a Japanese summit at a hotel. The game gives you the Welrod which is a one shot silenced pistol. Sure that's fine, but Rising Sun wasn't built for stealth. I shot the first few people silently then all of a sudden I was being attacked. I had to run around the whole level with just a pistol and the Welrod. Not very fun. The hints say to stick to the shadows and stay in the column areas. Yeah sure what shadows? The stealth is just completely broken, but at least healing items give you more health so the game is a bit easier in that regard.Let's finally talk about graphics, the game is butt ugly, even uglier than Frontline. During the jungle levels the devs just put a flat texture of a forest on the walls. Yeah good jobs you lazy jerks. The game is just ugly and is so unpolished. The events in the game are so unbelievable that it's hard to think that these things actually happened. Did I mention there's still no blood? The last thing to go is the terrible AI. The friendly AI just stands there while they're being shot and completely ignore enemies, the multiplayer is also as boring as ever.Rising Sun sold millions of copies, but couldn't live up to the previous games quality. With ugly graphics, horrible framerate, terrible AI, bad level design and various other issues, Rising Sun stands as one of the worst games in the series.
This game is just all right.  We enjoy playing it on 4 player &amp; teaming up.  I wish there was an option for auto target or an option to see your man but there's not.  The boards are a lot smaller on multiplayer.  I think this is a good game to rent but don't recommend purchasing it.
Consider this a dual review; I'm reviewing both the original and the sequel here.My first experience with Deus Ex was when my brother showed me a few minutes of the gameplay on his PC back in 2000. It wasn't too terribly far into the game but far enough that I had no clue what was going on story wise or what sort of gameplay mechanics it used. That was the seed that began it all, however.A few months after that I found a jewel case for about $20 in a used PC store. Figuring that I could spend $20 on worse things, I snatched it up and went back to my dorm. Took a bit to tweak the settings to balance visuals with framerate (the computer I owned at the time was ancient even then) but finally worked all of that out.And it didn't take too long before I realized why my brother liked the game so much.I'd played a few games that allowed for freedom of choice before, but not to the scale that was offered here, and certainly not one that had as much replay value. I couldn't even begin to imagine how many times I replayed a particular level, or the game from beginning to end, trying something else just to see how it'd play out, and it took many, many playthroughs before I finally could say I saw/heard everything. Even on playthroughs where I already figured I must've seen/heard everything, I still ended up uncovering something new.The game had a stronger emphasis on the shooter aspect than sneaking/hacking, but the general gaming atmosphere, and the expectations of the gaming audience at the time, were far different than it'd be today, so it shouldn't be too much of a surprise that shooting through the game was oftentimes the main path. There always was a stealth route available (apparently, even the most secure, heavily defended bases on the planet all have at least one air duct large enough for a man to crawl through - and they can crawl through completely silent at that!) but breaking stealth, accidentally or otherwise usually meant a fight until everything around you gathered flies. The fact that decisions in one level rarely impacted the game in the long term was disappointing, but it was more than fun enough to see everything it had to offer. In the end, the game was easily one of my favorite games and likely always will be.Then, about a year ago, I stumbled across a copy of the much less well received sequel, Deus Ex: Invisible War. By the time it originally came out, I was drifting away from PC gaming as a whole and didn't really bother to check into it before this. I knew that lots of people hated the game, but some enjoyed it, and I finally decided that there was only one way to find out which camp I belonged in.By then I had a computer that was made several years after DE:IW came out, and was far more powerful than the recommended specs on the box.Yet, somehow when the game began, I had to spend at least 15 minutes messing with the visual settings before finally having no choice but to scale everything - resolution, textures, the whole nine - down to the lowest levels. If I made one single setting go higher than the absolute lowest, it'd be a slideshow. Didn't matter which one, every single setting had to be at its lowest. Yet somehow everything at the lowest was smooth - there was no in-between. Not a great way to start things off, especially when you already have concerns about the game.And it only got worse from there.It's already very hard to ignore the mechanical flaws this game has, such as the horrible voice acting from every major character who wasn't in the first game (and some who were) the clunky gameplay, the annoying side quests that I ended up just ignoring about half way in, the horribly washed out colors, goofy character animations, the tad bit TOO streamlined inventory and magic ammo pool from whence all weapons drew being examples just off the top of my head. These might - just MIGHT - be forgiven if the story and characters themselves are great. But these are also two areas where IW failed to deliver. There were zero - literally, zero - great plot twists. There is a plot twist towards the latter half of the game that changes how you view the factions, but even if the plot twist was mind-blowing and completely unpredictable, (it's not!) it doesn't hold any weight to the game, so replaying the game and knowing the truth doesn't really make a difference. The plot twist in this game doesn't quite hold the same impact as the original KOTOR when you discovered who Darth Revan was, or perhaps Andrew Ryan telling you to stop (and what he says after) in Bioshock, or when Harbinger said what would be his final two words to...somebody who's not Shepherd in Mass Effect 2, despite the fact that it looks like that's what the developers were striving for. It seems like they were trying to wow us with that plot twist, yet it just falls flat.There's also no real sense of escalating tension between protagonist and antagonist(s) either. In the original, every step forward meant two steps back, as it should be. Here, there were multiple factions going head to head and trying to convince you to take their side, but there's no real reason to care about any one of them, and the fact that you could have actively worked against any one of them the entire game yet still be able to fulfill their agenda was disappointing. In one instance, this can even mean going so far as to kill a key member of the original game in cold blood. You could do that, and still work with that faction, as if nothing was wrong. No real consequence for your actions.Speaking of factions, did anybody else's hand attach itself to forehead upon finding out that one of the factions is - I'm not making this up - the Templars? Oh, but it gets better! Despite being disbanded over 7 centuries ago, somehow the Templars manage to raise up a formidable army, in a horrible, global recession no less, complete with walking mechs, choppers, tanks, you name it. You also spend the majority of the game sneaking into, killing, destroying, disrupting and otherwise giving anything that is even remotely Templar a headache of titanic proportions. But towards the end of the game, that doesn't matter none! Nope! The grandmaster of the Templar order doesn't seem to care one bit that you've killed countless soldiers and cost him millions in equipment loss. He'll still let you work for him if you're so inclined! And unless I missed something, the game also didn't really explain how Chad went from peaceful protester to megalomaniacal, homicidal dictator who would stop at nothing for total control. He was easily as detestable as the grandmaster of the Templars, if not more so.The endings do require that you commit to a certain path at the very end (but only the very end) and they divulge largely from each other - they are mutually exclusive. In the original, they're not really so exclusive, a fact that this game takes on, because the canon "ending" the sequel uses is a combination of all of them. That is to say, JC fulfills every ending, and the world is shaped by that. But despite being mutually exclusive and forcing a final commitment, they still disappoint.The only real improvements this game had over the original are that unlike the first game, you can 1.) Play a male or female operative. 2.) You can't save, get a door code by paying somebody, reload the game and use the code without spending the money - this time, you have to have the code to open the door. 3.) Air ducts are also guarded this time. 4. There's an interactive AI who resembles a major pop star. In one exchange, you can reveal the actual pop star's manager doing a dirty deed and ask her what she'll do. Her response? "Oh, tra la la...I'll probably just fire the b---h!" That got a good laugh. 5.) And the last level in the game was a good choice, as it ties the storyline back to the original game.But those are it. And those plusses do not even begin to compensate for IW's many and deep flaws. So, in the end, I have no choice but to side with the camp who loved the original but hated the sequel. Fortunately, Human Revolution proved to be just what the series needs to bring it back into the limelight, so hopefully we can all move forward and forget this awful game.Deus Ex: 9.5/10Invisible War: 3.75/10 (And I feel that I'm being generous with that score.)Human Revolution: 8.5/10
I had my fun with the SIMS and somewhat with the SIMS 2, but really, why would you play this game if you can do all the stuff yourself? It's like playing an interactive life.. just play a REAL life instead of this. I would only reccomend this game to people who can't get anything and make themselves and their crush live in a house and do.. stuff... ;)I do not like this game anymore.. sorry.
the sims 2 is the best horrible game of all time.  let me explain.the sims 1 was incredibly boring to me.  i got the idea of the game, but there was no point, the graphics were awful, and it was just lame.  so i was hesitant to try the sims 2.  however, when i first got it, i was amazed.  the graphics?  amazing.  the load times?  no problem on my computer.  the tutorials?  perfect.  the learning curve?  piece of cake.  i was up and running, and totally addicted in no time.  i played for hours on end, imagining that the sims 2 was the one shining star of video games, the one game that dared to do something different AND IT WORKED.how completely, terribly wrong i was.the sims 2 has a great deal of potential.  the problem was, they ruined it with their much-touted "aspirations" feature.  this means, for example, that if a sim's aspiration is to be a family man, he needs to go get a girl, marry her and have kids.  or if it's career, the sim needs to get a good job.  this doesn't sound like a problem, but it completely ruins an otherwise perfect game.  why?  because, you have NO free will in this game.  NONE.  i don't care what reviews say or what anyone else says, you have NONE.  at all times, you must meet the demands of two different panels, the needs panel and the aspirations panel (and avoid fears).  what does this mean?  AT ALL TIMES YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO, BECAUSE THE COMPUTER IS TELLING YOU WHAT TO DO AT ALL TIMES.  this is entertainment?  no.  it's no different than some guy telling you "ring this bell" over and over, and you have to do it to win a game that has no reward.now, i knew the needs panel was going to be a factor, and it's (surprisingly) fun.  who knew it could be fun to do the dishes, or lay on the couch?  this is where the sims tricks you.  then as you get addicted, you realize, for one thing, YOU HAVE NOOOOO free time.  and i mean none.  AT ALL TIMES you will HAVE to do the dishes, take out the trash, pay bills, or whatever.  i mean literally at ALL times, because this game is that demanding.  your levels are constantly falling and you're constantly trying to keep them at a reasonable or better level.  it's work, work, work.  also the "free will" option is an absolute joke.  if you use the free will option, your sim will be in big trouble.  let's say you have 4 things to do:  take out the trash, take a shower, cook a pop-tart and put it in the trash.  on free will, your sim might do 2 of those things and then be completely helpless.  the name of the sims 2 should be MICRO-MANAGEMENT TO THE MAX.i'm not saying there aren't great things about the sims 2.  it's a very different idea (at least it seems so at first), the graphics, details, even the music playing on the sims' radios is copmletely amazing and creative.  but considering they failed on the most fundamental level of video games (to give you some control over the game, and make the game your own) makes this game a true failure.  after all, isn't that the whole point of the sims??  to make something of your own?  to have free will???  if you don't believe me, notice that all the online reviews of the sims 2 were written by reviewers who didn't play it for very long.  same thing for amazon.  one amazon reviewer wrote she was hooked on the sims 2 for a month and then got sick of it.  that's about what happened to me.  i was hooked on it until i realized what i was doing.  now i don't even want to look at this stupid game.  so expect to enjoy it for a week or so, and then be bored to tears.  you've been warned.p.s. i also had some other problems.  you start the game, and there are 3 different neighborhoods with different houses.  this was great, until i realized there's no way to re-play these families, so once you mess with them even a little bit, your gameplay is saved and irreversible.  also i have no interest in building a new house of my own or whatever, so this seemed even more stupid to me.  also i ran across a couple of bugs.  one ruined a whole family for me- a baby fell on the floor, and a bug made it where i couldn't pick the baby up no matter what.  this made the mother so upset, she couldn't do anything.  so i had to not play that family at all.  they could have at least included more families or a way to re-play the pre-set families.
I bought this thinking it would continue the &#34;awesomeness&#34; of the others before it. I was wrong. The controls are completely backwards, and the physics and overall &#34;feel&#34; of the game just suffers.
This game has great voice acting, graphics, and plot. So far it sounds like a good game, but it isn't. I beat it in 5 days which consisted of running around in the same looking levels fighting the same looking bad guys. It's nearly impossble to beat without a guide book. You'll have no idea whats going on if you never played blood omen or the soul reavers. One awful thing is that you can't first play the game as kain and then as Raziel. It swiches off between them.
the graphics in this game are great but, the endless puzzles like getting to rooftops gets old i dont usually get mad over video games but i thought about taking it out if the xbox console and tearing it
I played this game and it made absolutely no sense - maybe if it was Yaoi or something it'd make it worth playing. But I recommended Devil May Cry 3 anyday.
Konami's PS2 run in my opinion has been a huge disappointment with the exception of Metal Gear perhaps. Even that game forced you to play as a character other than Snake and what about the narrow minded and stripped down Suikoden IV?&quot;But its 3D!!!&quot;Who cares? Castlevania and the RPG mentioned above are admirable but are basically let-downs. When you really sit down and think about the game you are playing and what it is your doing you will realize that you are not enjoying yourself. You might think you are but your not:Granted, if you look at it like a simple old-school button masher with 3d graphics you might enjoy it. But I for one could not have been more disappointed.Basically, you run from room to room or corridor to room to corridor to room and whip monsters constantly by jumping around and pressing the fire button.You do this constantly.I repeat constantly.With no environmental interaction. Very little character growth (ie. experience, weapons). Very little of anything!You can't even look around the rooms to enjoy the great graphics! (Not as great as Devil May Cry. The wall clipping is a bit goofy too).The only &quot;puzzles&quot; you have are bacically navigating a few rooms and finding buttons or sculptures to push to unlock doors. Some rooms use the very bad camera angle to &quot;challenge&quot; you. (If you know what I mean).Eventually you come to a boss and defeat him and return to the castle entrance to pick another &quot;world&quot; and beat another boss. When you beat all 5 or 6 bosses (can't remember how many) you advance to towards the end half of the game.I felt tired of mashing ONE button for hours, travelling through similar and I mean SIMILAR rooms and corridors. Fighting a boss or two then repeating.Is this really what Castlevania has become. There is no way in that the same programmers from Symphony were paid to design this game.Utter, utter disappointment so far. I'd rather just play the 1st Devil May Cry instead.A real heart-breaker....but its in 3D!!!!
Well, when we look at this game, we are faced with the origin story of Leon, first and most vile (apparently) Belmont, and how he began his struggle against all monsters. He enters a castle in an attempt to rescue his beloved Sara.This game sports killer graphics, nice animations and awesome renditions of some classic Castlevania enemies.But it's not for Castlevania fans like me. Let me tell you why.First, the sound. I have precious few problems here. The music wasn't up to the level of Symphony of the Night, but it was pretty good. The voices, in turn, were actually done quite well considering what they were asked to say (see story presentation.)Secondly the graphics, from a technical standpoint, were really quite good, and the characters and monsters well-represented in appearance, but I had a few problems. First off, the cutscenes. When the cutscenes in the game were in effect, the characters would frequently sway back and forth or jerk around as if they were bored, and many of those body motions were quite uncalled-for. Secondly, the whip. In mid-game, you use a whip to &quot;swing&quot; from place to place and to attack monsters, but unlike a real whip, no skill is required to twirl it around or aim it at your enemies. You just thrust it forward like a sword. As for the whip-swinging, all you do is smack the whip against a pole and watch yourself get vaulted over it, like you're using an iron pole instead of a whip. Whip-swinging should look like web-swinging. The whip was handled better in &quot;Circle of the Moon.&quot; Third, the environments. I'm sorry, folks, I really am, but the environments were ugly and confined. When one plays a game like Symphony of the Night, one finds oneself in vast, glorious halls dressed in a fancy style, and well-lit for the most part. This game just had a bunch of dark hallways no more than a dozen feel in any direction, and the few large rooms you do visit don't feel glorious at all.My last problem with the graphics was that this game uses a static and rigid camera and although it's often a cooperative one, sometimes you'll get to an area and say &quot;Gee, I wish I could see above me, or below me, or off to the side.&quot; That got truly annoying after a while.Now, Story Concept. Well, it's a fairly interesting story about Leon Belmont, the first of the Belmont Clan to fight monsters. The story was, even in concept, destined to be a poor one, however, since the series' central draw (for me,) Count Vlad Tepes Dracula is missing from the game entirely.Story Presentation, however, REALLY drags it down. The scriptwriting (or was it the translating?) was truly bad and just felt lame, cheesy and depressing. Leon uses a whip made from Alchemy, and no distinction is ever drawn between that alchemy and the one used by the vampires. Leon does not even strike me as being that good of a person, except in his description in the game intro before you meet him. In all the other games, a Belmont or someone else would enter the castle of Dracula (known as Castlevania) and slay him. In this one, Leon enters a Castle that is plainly NOT Castlevania, and slays several creatures that are plainly NOT Dracula, with weapons that are NOT plainly good. In past games, the Belmonts are always drawn up as good and holy men who always try to do what is best. Leon seems like more of a grief-crazed fanatic.The gameplay itself doesn't even compensate. Gone is the experience engine of the past several games that made them more fun than most RPGs. Gone are the vast numbers of common and rare items that made SOTN and the GBA games such a hoot, and what has been added in their place is a bunch of switch-pushing puzzles, and maze-exploring.I don't know why Konami thought this would be good. Instead of a righteous warrior, fighting evil beasts for the good of all, we are given a depressed, revenge-driven person who crawls through dark tunnels after the next big treasure like a mole or packrat, without the star-talent of the series' main villain as backup. I only rented this game, but I have already beaten it with all secrets (except the playthroughs in different modes.)Is this 3D Castlevania game worth playing? Yes it is. But not more than once, and I wouldn't say it's worth buying. Frankly, I thought Circle of the Moon was better. I do think Konami could make a truly good 3D Castlevania, but this whole game felt like it shrunk in the wash. Considering how much this game lost in the 3D translation, I'd just as soon they stay 2D in the future, unless they can manage to do it right next time.
***Rating system***1 Star  = disaster of a game, Nintendo GameCube2 Stars = average game3 Stars = good game, above average4 Stars = awesome game5 Stars = best game ever, changes the way we look at thegaming idustry, very few of, Grand Theft Auto 3(Castlevania: Lament of Innocence)Lament is an extremely plain and strait forward action game, it has really no plotline or character development.  In today's market of games this kind of strait forward action no longer gets it done.  Devil May Cry did much more in the way of graphics, interactive bosses, and environments, but even DMC isn't much better than an average game.  Lament of Innocence just seems outdated and plain, once you've swung that whip at creatures for the first 2 or 3 levels you've already done it all.  There isn't even the need to try to advance to harder levels as you can take on any of the 5 levels in any order you want. Not to mention you can enter and exit levels as you please so you get to see the concept of all levels from the start of the game. I was interested in seeing how much more this classic franchise had to offer and I found out it doesn't have much.  Konami might think about retiring this franchise and really focusing on Metal Gear Solid and Silent Hill.The final verdict here is that swinging that whip provides some fun, you should rent this game a couple of times and finish it but it's definitely not worth buying.  If for some crazy reason you haven't played the original Devil May Cry yet, I'd suggest you buy that for about $9.99.  That's of course if this kind of game interests you.
I dont know. I guess Im just not good at games like these.My mind doesnt work that way.Theres a lot of people who do have those skills though.I guess I just suck at RPGs except Zelda.
I liked GT3 AND loved! GT2, so let me begin by saying this game does not measure up...The sad part is that there are a ton of cars, including used cars and really neat historical cars but that is not enough to save this game. My problem with this game is that driving cars is too darn hard, I cant even corner going 60 in a super car most of the time!What else is wrong? NO F1 CARS!! I really dont know how they avoided putting them in this game. It was too tough to drive with cheap cars and the same was true for super cars, just stick with gt3 and save yourself the headache
After a long time playing with GT3, only thing that wasn't there and won't be there in the 4th installment is Online. First they say no, then yes, then guess what, no again. This game is going to play just like the last, only improvment is the newly added cars, still gameplay is the same, from the Prolouge game that came out on early August, and well, that's it. The no.1 driving sim my A$$, there's no online mode, they kept me waiting saying that it'll be online, and when they announce the official release date, they manage to say that it's not online. How does Sony, the publishers of this game, don't seem to add in their trademark online mode? Makes you think!! NOT!Guess i'll have to wait for Need For Speed Underground 2, atleast that game has online mode, the heck with wasting my cash on this garbage.
The main problem I had with MP5 is that it just takes so stinking long to play a game.  I also have Mario Party 3 (for Nintendo 64), which is the best game in the series, and it has options to allow you to skip the CPU's mini-games and speed up the movement of the characters.  MP5 doesn't have this.  What it does have is special &quot;events&quot; and bonuses on nearly every space.The result is that it took me about 75 minutes to play a 10-turn game the other night, when I can play a 15-turn game of MP3 in less than an hour.I do not like the concept of the &quot;capsules,&quot; either.  Instead of buying bonus items from stores, you get a &quot;free&quot; item every time you pass a gumball machine, and you have to pay to use it.  Problem is, the game asks you before every turn whether you want to use a capsule or not.  Annoying!Also a problem (in this game even more than the other MP games) is the excess of animations that slow down the game even more. The boards also seem to be overly complex... sometimes you'll go through an entire game and none of the players will ever get a star.The mini-games, which are the heart of any MP game, seem very dull.  Only a couple seemed not to be derivative of the previous games.  On the plus side, the graphics and sound, of course, are very nice, especially the 3-D game boards.  But no one plays Mario Party for the graphics.
THE GROUND MISSIONS BLOW!  Everything else is just dandy.
from what i've played of far cry, i think it's a great game and just the kind of game i like.  unfortunately, i can't continue playing it because it won't let me!!!chapter 1:  i start out playing the game but i noticed the sound is having problems cutting out for a little bit.  some guy online says to avoid a later patch, so i use an earlier one.  everything works fine until one point where the map tells me to go to a checkpoint.  i go there.  it's at the end of a dock.  i look around EVERYWHERE for what i'm supposed to find there, all around the beach and underwater.  nowhere to be found so i can't continue the game.  i uninstall it.chapter 2:  i reinstall it and install the latest patch (1.4).  the sound problem still exists but it's not a big deal.  i just want to have fun with this game.  then i notice a strange quirk about the targetting icon.. when i aim at a person's head, it seems not to hit!!!  now i play an online multiplayer FPS a lot and get a lot of headshots, but just to make sure i'm not just sucking badly, i go up to a person really close and find the same stupid problem:  the bullets don't hit at all when i shoot his head or upper torso, but are fatal when i hit HIS STOMACH.  good lord.  i can't play a game like this.  i have to stop, again, for another stupid technical problem.this is on top of 2 other problems..  the game detected my system as "very high" spec, yet obviously this was not the case because it crashed unless i played with the graphics on the "low" setting.other problem is, ironically, the freakin' AI.  ok, let's say you play on normal difficulty like i would normally do on a game.  well, the enemies are WAY TOO EASY.  i stood there and literally watched as two men ran up to me and shot me over and over, missing and doing no damage.  that's good AI?  i don't think so.  so i put it on challenging level - oops!  too hard.  someone kills me from long range through a window, which i doubt he could see me through.  so i switch it back to normal with AI auto balance.. ahh, there we go.  it's really easy at first but as you blow through the enemies, it makes them harder.  then if you keep dying in the same place, it makes them easier.  that's a pretty good idea.  but i had to restart the game over and over to figure that out.. only to find it was aiming wrong.  geez.  i find it kind of strange other reviewers haven't mentioned all these technical issues with far cry.  maybe if i REMOVE the patches i can get it to work.  irony!as for the multiplayer, i can't comment on it because i signed up for it but it still won't work.update:  i tried again and found out why a guy shot me through a window - because of YET ANOTHER BUG!!!!!!!  that's right folks, i got everything to work right in this game except for ENEMIES SHOOTING ME THROUGH SOLID BUILDING WALLS.  that's with the latest patch!  how's that for buggy?  also i'm still not overly impressed with the AI.  i have seen amazing AI before, and this ain't it.  it's decent, but i've seen better.
I was fairly excited to see this game go on sale for $4 on Xbox Live a few weeks ago. I knew it is an older game so I didn't expect too much, but maybe my expectations are still too high for this game because I ended up uninstalling it after running through the 4th level. Here is why......switching weapon bug. After picking up a weapon I noticed that I can't can't switch it. I hold down the yellow button on the controller and press it and nothing happens. I sometimes reload the checkpoint and it is resolved. For a game this old this problem should have been resolved. I would pick up a sniper rifle because this is probably the best weapon in the game to have if you like to play like I do. Which is kill everything, but from a safe distance. And I wasn't able to use it. Not cool!...Ok so here is probably the most irritating thing in the game and the deal breaker for me. If anybody has ever played Halo 4 they will know what I am talking about. AI using suppressing fire type guns should not be able to casually aim and hit you over and over again from a distance of 400+ yards away. Also there really wasn't any stealthiness to the game other than the premade ways to do it by the developers. Once you come into any sort of area where the enemy is they automatically know where you are and will start shooting at you. Even through walls. As gamers we have moved past the days with having to deal with AI like this. I am not kidding. I would be croutching and walking really slow and BOOM! They would see me and me running to me to get me and alert the insane amount of enemies in the area I was trying to sneak through....There is an emphasis on being stealth in this game, but they don't give you moves or weapons to be stealthy with other than your stupid melee punch which doesn't work anyway because you can't get close enough to the enemy anyway because they will see you even if you sneak up from behind.So basically I learn really quick that if I wanted to play through this game I would need to put the difficulty on easy and just deal with the gun bug. After I got through Mission 4 with basically just gung hoeing and strafing through enemy areas I put this stupid game down. Far Cry 3 is obviously is way better than this game. I dunno if the pc version is any better. I'm hoping it's just a bad porting job done for Xbox. So if you have an Xbox and see this game. STEER CLEAR. If you have a PC. It's probably way better.
First of all, there are a ton of reviews for this product but the customer reviews here don't apply to this game! This game was just released, but the reviews are dated from last year and refer to old Lucas Arts games.That said.......this is a "nice" game but it leaves a lot to be desired. To defeat some of the tougher dudes and even the bosses, just find a high perch and keep shocking them with your dark force lightning power. They die easily without a fuss. Most of the Storm Troopers just stand idley by while you shoot or rip through their comrades with the light saber.I played this game on the second hardest setting and I was finished in 7 hours!!! Yes, $50 and all I got was 7 stinking hours of mediocre game play!!!I honestly believe if you are over 13 years old, you will be disappointed. There are some "Star Wars" loyalists out there that will say this game is great. Hey...I love the Star Wars trilogy too, but that does not make this game any better guys!It does not matter how mean or kind you are, it does not matter if you build up your Dark Force powers and use them alot. It has NO bearing or affect on game play. Truthfully, the Dark Powers makes this game easy to beat.You get the options of customizing your characters looks and clothing and you can customize your light saber's hilt and color, BUT again this offers no bearing on the game play. Just simple eye candy to make it look like the programmers did a lot of work.This game is not horrible but it is not much of an improvement over Jedi Knight II -  that is the real truth.If you played Jedi Knight II - wait for this game to come down in price. If you have not played any of the Jedi games, WAIT for this title to come down in price after Christmas...you will be glad you saved yourself some money.Did I mention I finished the game in 7 hours!!!Wait and save your bucks...games like Half Life 2, Doom III and others are just about to be released!
I was very much looking forward to this game, since I think that the idea is awesome.  Instead, I was let down, disappointed and frustrated at what might have been.  Here is the rundown:GRAPHICS: Mediocre.  Maybe the Xbox and my PC have spoiled me, but the PS2's graphics are really starting to show their age.  The grainy texture, meant to simulate a video feed, conveniently hides low-res textures and graphics.SOUND: Good, though I've heard much better.  Splinter Cell (a game after which Manhunt is patterned in many ways) does it MUCH better.CONTROL: Laborious.  Remember how fights in GTA 3 were somewhat laborious, especially with multiple baddies?  That's Manhunt.  The control is a little better, but still rather stunted and jerky, lacking the precision of Splinter Cell or Metal Gear.  The fights are button mashing affairs, with little difference between the hard and fast strike buttons.GAMEPLAY: Linear, repetitive and forced.  The game won't let you escape an area without killing, so there goes the stealth aspect.  You MUST gore the hunters in order to proceed.  The weapons vary, but be prepared for drudgery at the lower levels: you have your fists, a shard or a plastic bag.  Again, it's like Splinter Cell without the sense of purpose or mission, as you mindlessly dispatch yet another identical clone on your way to the next level, where you... mindlessly dispatch another identical clone.  The atmosphere is pretty good, though again the control and graphics conspire against this game.  If you want to run around and create havoc, get GTA 3; if you want stealth action, get Splinter Cell.  If you want to waste money, get Manhunt.
If there was never a max payne and this came out. Everyone would have liked it better, but there is one so I hate it. The slow diving and slow bullet dodging are still there but have changed for the worse. Graphics are chucky and the textures are ugly. Sound is OK. Running around seems hard and I think the plot is just about the worst for any game ever made. Very short. still a fun game, but not for the $50.
The PC version of Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne managed to improve on the first game in some areas and was vastly enjoyable overall, however this Playstation 2 port of the game is severely disappointing.  A noticibly terrible frame rate, blurry textures, missing sound effects, an even worse save system, and ridiculously long loading times plague what could have been a stellar game.  The storyline, plot twists, and even the once mediocre graphic novel-esque cut scenes are the game's few saving graces, along with the run 'n gun bullet time action that was so enjoyable in the first game, but in the end Max Payne 2's flaws outweigh it's strengths.  It's a shame more time wasn't taken to make Max Payne 2 something as memorable as the first game; I really wanted to like this game despite it's flaws, but they're just too much.  All in all, Max Payne 2 is still worth a rental for fans who dug the original, but don't expect anything at all great from it.
this versian of max payne is not very good.I played this at a friends house even though I havemax payne 2 on my computer, and they took out somelets say &quot;Adult&quot; cheats....Yes thats right there is something in the pc versian of max payne 2 that the x box and ps2 versian dont have. Mona in full Frontel Nudity.....Yes If you saw a brief scene with mona in the shower that is all you will get in the ps2 and x box versian.....But..In the pc versian there is a cheat were you can play mona with nothing but her gun if you know what I mean.And every thing is detailed in her body including her t**s and other places you dont want your 14 year old to see..Basicly the pc versian of max payne 2 is the original MATURE RATED versian, but the ps2 and x box dont have that cheat.The graphics on the ps2 dont match up the awsome graphics of the pc versian.Bottom line is if you wanna see great graphics and great game play...not to mention explicit nudity...than get max payne 2 on pc than xbox and ps2.  It's your choice.
Fatal Frame 2 does nothing to innovate the genre at all. It's an exact wannabe clone of Resident Evil and Silent Hill. Explore a maze of rooms with some helpless and awkward to control characters all while solving some puzzles and reading some notes. Been there done that. The problem with Fatal Frame is that it's horror concept just isn't as cool as Resident Evil or Silent Hill, those two games each have their unique style, and little japanese girls taking pictures of spirits, ancient japanese rituals, and boring villages simply aren't as interesting. Sure Fatal Frame 2 is a pretty scary game, but making a scary game isn't hard, making a good game is.Not only is Fatal Frame 2 a clone of better games, it's also a nearly exact clone of the original Fatal Frame, and since Fatal Frame seems to only exist to try to claim the title of scariest game, it might be worth mentioning that this one isn't as scary as the original. Everything is the same, and anything different isn't even worth mentioning because the game is still BORING.To be fair Fatal Frame is much easier game than the original, which I think is good thing and the graphics are technically impressive with lighting and shadows that aren't seen other than in Resident Evil games for Nintendo GameCube.  The controls and everything are just a bit smoother and more polished than the original. Technically a well made game, but the CONCEPT is just not there. Make a horror game about something cool, no one wants a horror that takes place in Japan or old Japan.  People don't watch those old japanese movies where the lips don't match the words do they? Use your head Tecmo. This should be the last Fatal Frame installment, please go home Fatal Frame. BORING!!
Counter-Strike was or maybe still is, according to wikipedia, the most popular FPS played over the internet. Either it must be free, or people have never seen Halo.Made by Valve (makers of Half-Life -- an infinitely better game) using a modified Quake engine. It's basically a multiplayer-based tactical shooter a lot like Rainbow Six, which looks and also is, infinitely better. Many of the weapons and items in CS are also used in Rainbow Six...This game is ugly, flat, colorless and lifeless. It's also frustrating. A couple hits and you're dead and you then you must sit there and wait until the other players are dead or the game is over...There really isn't much to this game.If you want good multiplayer for the xbox or 360, get Halo, Halo2, or Unreal Tournament (a multiplayer-based game). These games have many more options, are more fun, and just plain look better.If you want a good game made by Valve for the xbox or 360, play Half-Life2 until the OrangeBox comes out.And if you want to play something that feels like CS for the xbox or 360, play Rainbow Six 3 or Rainbow Six Vegas.And lastly, if you want to play a cornball crappy looking multiplayer game like this, but have a lot more maps and weapons, try Red Faction II. It's not very good either, but at least not as bad as this...
Pc gamepads suck compared to the concole gamepads. I got this one because it looks like a playstation replica. I paid 20 dollars for this gamepad and it had unsatisfactory results.I played n64 games on my pc using this gamepad and let me tell you there is no point in having a D-pad because it just doesnt work. I thought maybe there something wrong with the emulator but actually it is the gamepads fault. As for action pc games such as GTA VICE CITY I still had problems with the D-pad. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND JUST USE YOUR KEYBOARD.
Logitech products are known to be of prime quality and in a gamepad I was expecting something well made, responsive and accurate. Well, none of this are to be found on this gamepad. I believe and I think is a common notion nowadays that the best PC gamepad you can have as of today is the XBOX 360 PC compatible one. Don't look elsewhere.
This controller doesn't stay calibrated for longer than a few seconds before going kaput, and the digital controls don't work for anything requiring holding them or rapid action.
They say if it ain't broke, then don't fix it.  I loved the first Spider-Man game.  The graphics were crisp and detailed, the story was deep and involving, and the controls were precise and tight.  Then Grand Theft Auto: Vice City came out, which completely re-wrote the video game genre.  Games like True Crime and The Getaway were released that practically copied the GTA formula:  Free roaming cities, mini-missions, mayhem and violence, etc.  Add Spider-Man 2 to the list with mediocre results.I admit that I was initially excited when I heard that Spider-Man could now swing freely through the city and bust bad guys on the streets below.  Though the former is exhilirating and excellently implemented, the latter is dull and repititious.  Like GTA, there is a mini-map of the city in the upper right hand corner of the screen.  Whenever there is trouble, a green icon will appear in the location where a crime is taking place.  Unfortunately, there is a lack of variety in these missions.  You will either have to prevent a robber from getting away, take an injured civilian to the hospital, catch a civilian from falling to his or her death, or save people from a sinking boat.  After a few of these, you'll begin wishing that the game would just get on with the story.  Solving these missions contribute to your "Hero Points" which allow you to purchase moves and combos from a Spidey Store.  Since when did Spidey have to buy his own moves and combos?  Strange...Unfortunately, due to the heavy reliance on memory and processing power to produce the massive scope of the game, the graphics are the first to suffer.  In most instances, the game resembled a Playstation 1 game.  Spidey generally looks good, but the other characters in the game look like spray-painted cardboard boxes.  I would have preferred a much scaled-down city in order to boost the quality of the graphics because quite frankly, Spider-Man 2 is an ugly game.Fans of the first game will most likely be disappointed with the sequel.  Though the ability to explore the city by swinging from building to building is a treat, the gameplay and graphics truly suffer.  This one is definately a rental.
I love the Mana series. I mean, the original Secret of Mana for the SNES is one of my favorite all-time games. It was an action RPG, good story and plot. So, when a sequel was slated for the GameBoy, I had to get it.Well, I had to get it a couple of years after it was released. Shh. Details.Anywho, I must say, I have never had so much aggravation and pain from playing a game. The AI is horrible, repeat, HORRIBLE! The story is convoluted, and the gameplay just downright frustrating. I almost regret the $20 I spent on the cartridge.GameplayI am going to get the worst part of this out of the way. The gameplay flat-out stinks. You start the game by choosing either to play as the Hero or the Heroine. The basic difference in these two is one is better at physical attacks, and the heroine is better with Mana (magic). Depending upon who you choose, the game will play differently. I chose the heroine.You start out (as the heroine) in a village, talking to your mother as you prepare to leave on a quest with some strange swordsman as a bodyguard. The village is attacked by soldiers that work for the Dark Lord. You escape, your village is slaughtered. You are taken to a manor by the mysterious soldier, where you meet the Hero. The manor is attacked, you escape again, and the Hero promises to protect you. He falls down, you run away, he is captured and beaten by soldiers.Fast forward, you wake up in bed after a nightmare recalling all this. The soldier is by your side, and you learn that you have been living with him in hiding since your escape. The story takes off from there. The Dark Lord now controls the land, he is evil, you must avenge your people, yadda, yadda.Oh yea, there is a mysterious sword called, get this, the Sword of Mana. And a goddess that turned herself into a tree to protect the people of the world. You worship this Mana goddess, because you are of the Mana tribe. It seems that you are the last of them.You now know as much as I do, and I have played the game. The plot is that horrible. You meet townspeople that tell you pointless stories or offer side quests that make no sense. While the story itself is a bit linear (run to next obstacle, defeat boss, possibly get an item for someone, etc.), you will often find yourself wandering a map trying to figure out where to go.Since save spots are few and far between, and healing in this game is a pain (either through the start menu, or using the appropriate Mana spirit, controlled through the right shoulder button on the GBA), you will find "Your strength is depleted" (i.e.; you die) happens at the worst possible time, with little warning. You then have to reset to your last save. Early in the game, this is horrible. The first cave you must travel, as the Heroine, has an enemy layout that killed me 5 times before I developed a strategy to get past the monsters.Bosses vary in the game from easy to insanely difficult. One boss in particular was on a spinning platform, and you could only hit him when he landed. However, given your level, your weapons only do like 1-2 points of damage per hit, and he has over 400 hit points. It took me 45 minutes to kill this guy. Needless to say, he hits a LOT harder than 1-2 points of damage. AND he inflicts status effects like blindness, so you may not even hit him at all.The next boss died within 2 minutes. Literally. I just ran and whacked.AI has to be the worst I have ever seen. During the course of the game, you will be partnered with various people. The battles in the game are real-time, and as long as your character is in a battle "mode", you can switch between who you are actively controlling by using the "Select" button. However, if your main character dies, you will have to start over from your last save. If you are controlling the main character and your partner dies, you can resurrect them. It is a bit unfair.The AI, though, even after I figured it out, stinks. There is a grid, with zones. You can either set your character to be aggressive or timid, use more magic or physical attacks. You position their icon within the grid to choose which attack style you would prefer. You have to manually do this for each new partner, otherwise, they will just stand there while you get yourself killed.Then, even if you do get the AI set to where they will attack, they will attack using a method that may do no damage. If they are better with Mana, they will drain their mana casting at a monster, even if it is doing 0 damage, then move in to attack with melee. Also, they get "stuck" on a map, and can't or won't follow you up a jump, across an area, etc. Once you kill all the monsters on a map, they will "teleport" to you, but that does little to help you if the monsters are ganking you.In terms of attacking and the like, it is standard RPG fare. As aformentioned, battles are realtime. You have to select the appropriate weapon/spirit to attack each type of monster. One monster may take a lot of damage from the Bow, however, another may take zero from the Bow but lots from a specific type of magic. It is up to you to cycle through each and attack appropriately.Towns are small, with standards like Inns, save points, general stores, and blacksmiths. Weapons can only be upgraded if you have special vegetables or fruits. Which you can grow with seeds that you collect in your "Hot House". Weapons can be reinforced with different materials that you find. So in short, you need to find materials to reinforce your weapon and vegetables to assign attributes.Lastly, levelling and the like is a bit confusing. You can choose a level in a class, and depending upon which you choose, you will gain in different attributes. You can choose to level any class at any time. However, your main class is fixed. So while you may decide to take a few points in say "Warrior", if you have the bulk of your points in "Sage", your main class will be like that of a Cleric. None of this is satisfactorily explained by the game.ControlsThe game controls, to their credit, are good. They respond well, and I have never had a situation where I was pressing the "A" button and felt the system didn't register the attack.Controls, for the Heroine, are as follows:Left Shoulder Button: JumpLeft Shoulder Button + A: MeditateRight Shoulder Button tap: Stat/heal boostRight Shoulder Button hold: Attack w/ spirit assignedA Button: Attack/ Select a menu optionB Button: Hold down to run/ Exit a menuSelect: Switch active character in battleStart: MenuFor fighting, you simply have to mash the A button or use magic. There really isn't much strategy in that regard. Menus are complex, though, and there is no way to quickly assign a hotkey. So, for instance, if you want to change which kind of magic, you have to scroll through menus, find the new spirit, set it, back out of the menus, then use the right shoulder button. It is just as complicated to change weapon types.Movement is like a standard GameBoy title. Not much to say there.Graphics and SoundGraphics are reminiscent of another GameBoy title, Golden Sun. The graphics are sprites, and the backgrounds are detailed and colorful. Particle effects are not really pretty. Your character is nice to look at, and menu pictures are clear, if not really detailed.Sound is standard GameBoy fare. 8-bit sounding and nothing overly special. I play with the sound off. There are different sounds for different game areas, but for the most part, you will be disgusted.There is no voiceacting. All conversations are based on text, and some story choices are text-based.Final SayThis title is cutesy, but the story doesn't make much sense. The gameplay is frustratingly unbalanced, the menus are too time consuming, and when it is all said and done, it seems like Square tried to throw so many silly side quests that serve no purpose into the title that the game borders on ridiculous. In the end, while it is a way to kill time, I wouldn't recommend this title to anyone, even the diehard fans. Save your money, and buy one of the many better GameBoy RPG titles out there, even something as text-heavy as Golden Sun. At least that one makes more sense.
Back in '95 when Playstation was released, it was the coolest thing to date. Lighting fast gameplay, sharp graphics, it couldn't get any better. Then, here comes PS2. Even better gameplay, graphics, and features. I've had my PS2 since 2001. It worked fine unti mid-2002. Then I started to get the usual disc-read error, and now, even a brand new game takes ages to get to work. As far as I know, Playstation 2 is a waste of money. At first I thought it was just my unit, but everyone I know has some kind of PS2 trouble. I'm not blowing it out proportion either, EVERYBODY PS2 that I've heard of had malfunctioned at least two years after it's shelf birthdate and purchase. It's not just PS2 either, pretty much anything Sony sucks these days. I doubt I'll be purchasing a PS3 since every PS1 and PS2 I have heard of has malfunctioned way too soon. Disc read errors happening in five years, maybe, but two, even one year for most! NO way. Besides these big negatives, PS2 is beautiful and has some great games and an awesome emotion system. If only the units were good quality, then it'd be a 5/5 system.
The PS2 is designed to have disc read error after warranty expiration. It will just break down for no obvious reason. There is a class action lawsuit against Sony because so many people have complained about this problem.
I'll keep it short, because I don't think this games warrants any more of my time.  What a piece of junk!  The controls stink and the graphics are terrible.  I can't believe this is a PS2 game.  Thankfully, I rented it...and returned it early.  Blockbuster Video should be ashamed of having this garbage on their shelves, but they were probably mislead from the great commercials they saw on this product as well.I personally ensure I bash "No One Lives Forever" every time I write a review since that game really set the bar for crapness, but this one runs a close second.  Save your gas money, stay away from Driver3.
Like Enter the Matrix last year, Driv3r is buggy and clearly unfinished. The mess isn't as extensive as it was with Neo's nightmare -- Tanner's latest adventures as an undercover cop aren't quite that treacherously crash-prone -- but poorly tuned gameplay and controls sink what should have been a rousing ride from one of Grand Theft Auto's primary forefathers. Bugs and technical issues first. We tested three boxed copies of Driv3r on three different consoles, and a clear pattern of glitches emerged. The most common issue: The game often freezes for between three and ten seconds, then usually resumes without harm. Sometimes, however, it locks up permanently, requiring a reboot. Also, collision-detection mishaps are widespread -- everything from Tanner to his vehicle sometimes passes through walls or gets stuck in walls in a way that significantly interferes with gameplay. Frame-rate sluggishness and pop-up issues are also prevalent. Surprisingly, the pop-up doesn't involve the environment -- in fact, your line of sight is impressively long -- but cars and other traffic often teleport into existence a short distance down the road, adding unfairly to the challenge of high-speed driving. As far as the actual gameplay, Driv3r is like a car badly in need of a tune-up. Like the first two games, you play as an undercover cop infiltrating car-theft gangs by posing as a driver. Reflections created three sprawling cities and added new elements like speedboats and shooter-style gameplay on foot, but at its core, the game still revolves around high-speed pursuits. The best part of the action is how the cars handle on the bleeding edge of losing control. As in past Reflections games (Stuntman and other entries in the Driver series), making the smallest mistake can be lethal, particularly because excessively bouncy physics and insanely invulnerable obstacles (like lamp posts!) can send your vehicle cartwheeling into absurd wipeouts. Completing missions becomes a test of your stubbornness and endurance, and most players won't be able to stomach the process of incessantly repeating a mission until they succeed. The new on-foot gameplay also just flat-out sucks, and it figures far too heavily into the action. Aiming your weapon is an aggravating chore, the enemy A.I. is horribly lame, and there's just not a scrap of fun to be had. Visually, Driv3r looks outdated. Unsurprisingly, the Xbox version is substantially prettier, featuring richer lighting and smoother details that outshine the more pixelated PS2 game. The game's star power (voice acting by Michael Madsen, Ving Rhames, and more) and an impressive soundtrack make for a surprisingly good showing on the audio side. All these glitches and design problems don't make Driv3r unplayable, and the problems aren't as deep or as devastating as they were in Enter the Matrix, another much-hyped Atari disappointment. But they do make the game an intensely frustrating trial of patience that's rewarded with only the most fleeting glimmers of fun. If you love the Driver series with an unswerving loyalty, you'll be able to slog through Driv3r and extract your thrills. But if you're looking for something to tide you over until GTA: San Andreas is released later this fall, you'd better execute a 180 spin, floor it, and flee in the opposite direction.
Driver 3 for the Xbox is a third person action game, where you play a cop out to chase down and kill crime syndicates. The game is similar to Grand Theft Auto in concept, but not at all in execution. You can walk or run around on foot missions and explore the cityscape or you can cruise around with a vehicle of your choice. You can play the single player story mode if you want to see the story or you can play free-mode where you can roam around doing whatever you want. I did enjoy the fact that your character can swim in water, I also liked some of the map level designs. You can get on a highway and gas it or go through narrow alleways, you can also enter many of the buildings. Some of the weapons are fun to use although the aiming system is very clumsy. The overall feel of the game is very unplolished. There are tons of glitches with the sound effects, music, graphics and collision detection. Driver 3 was rushed and needed more beta testing before being released to the public as a finished product! Just to give you an example of some of the bugs; My game character's body got stuck into invisible objects, or his body went through (like a ghost) into a car, the in-game music stops or starts sparadically, ditto with the sound effects, headshots are not always fatal, the police and enemy A.I. is very stupid but cheats to compensate its stupidity, the game graphics are grainy and crappy, the framerate is low and there is no sense of real speed when driving vehicles. This game tried to be like Grand Theft Auto, but failed miserably. Why get a cheap clone of GTA, when you can get the real thing for a good price?Pros:+Free-Form gameplay+large city maps+lots of vehicles+your character can swim+go inside buildings+pilot boatsCons:-tons of glitches-stupid A.I.-terrible graphics-slow vehicles-music cuts off abruptly-sound effects cuts off abruptly-bad controls-week sound effects-terrible camera system-boring missions-GTA wannabe-terrible collision detection-not very fun
I did not like this game compared to the others for seeral reasons 1 reoccuring enemies every time you go in a room kill all the enemies leave turn around and come back there they pop up again exactly how they did the first time and guess what you have to kill them all again while your ammo is rapidly depleting which gets to my second reason for not enoying the game. 2. You would figure in a game with a reoccuring enemies they would have plenty of ammo WRONG! and thats not even the worst part. Most of the ammo you get is a diffent caliber than the one to the gun your using so you cant use it until you either find that gun or one of your pals who has it. Just imagine dealing with this kinda crap when zombies keep coming at you and you cant go back in the previous room without dealing with the same ones all over again. 3. Same oldstyle outdated movements of characters as the very 1st Resident Evil which is almost 10 years old.  OVERALL just a frustrating game especially for single play. RESIDENT EVIL 4 ROCKS THOUGH!
An online Resident Evil game? Sounds great! However, slow load times, and a lack of keyboard or voice support really bring it down. While this had the chance to be a stellar game, it's basically just something for the more hardcore Resident Evil fans rather than just someone with a passing interest in the series. Granted, the load times can be improved if you have the game installed on your PS2 HDD, but not many people have them seeing as only three games out of all the PS2 games ever released in America use them and the new redesigned PS2 doesn't even have a slot for the HDD to fit in. So, if you're a Resident Evil fan, and have the network adaptor for your PS2, you should check the game out. (and if that's you, you probably already have the game anyway) If not, you could probably pass this one up. NnyCW for CapCity.
I played this game for maybe 40 minutes before asking myself, "what's the point?" The game is non responsive, un logical, and completely boring. I will say though, the graphics are AMAZING and the opening cutscene is maybe my favorite cutscene of all time.Anyways, I'm trading this in for a PS2 copy of RE4 today, and I expect most people will want to do the same.
this game has very good graphics and ok controls, but overall a very tedious game. you can carry only very limited amount of items. the saving system is very weird (nutjobs must have thought of this saving system). you also need to complete the level (or scenario) within the time limit. if you die, you have to start from the very beginning. not fun at all! by the way, this is NOT a scary game, just annoying!
Survival Horror?More like Survival Frustration.Capcom's latest offering in their once-mighty 'Biohazard' series sees us, the players, forced to take command of one of a host of forgetable, dull characters in the same-esque city and sewer scenarios, and once again avoid the moans and groans of unconvincingly animated and blatantly unscary 'zombies' (though, to be fair, most of them sound like the elderly infirm...) while the T-Virus outbreak ravages Racoon City.Sound familiar?Well, it is. Bar a VERY frustrating online mode (with no voice recognition control, hateful NPC interaction and a connection mode less stable than Ms. Sally Field in "Sybil"), "Outbreak" is basically a clone of a clone of a game concept from 1995.Which, 9 years later, hasn't aged at all well.GRAPHICS: In a word, Dull. Surprising, considering Capcom's prowess in the Onimusha and Devil May Cry series of games, as well as the recent graphical delights of survival horror brethern "Silent Hill 4" and "Project Zero 2", it's a worry and a shame that "Outbreak" is restricted to a (seeming) colour palette of 256 Browns, with the odd streak of red thrown in. Animation is average, renders are VERY humdrum, and the menu screens mystifying and very difficult to read. Which, since you need to be able to operate them quickly (decisions are made in realtime, folks!), is hugely prohibitive to decent gameplay flow.PLAYABILITY: Not really. NPCs have been a feature of Survival Horror since 1999's "Silent Hill 2", but never before, and hopefully never again, will they be so unresponsive and weak. Frustrating, silly deaths occur left, right and centre, and see how many new swear words you can invent while watching an NPC die as your gun reloads. PAINFULLY slowly, might I add.FEAR FACTOR: None whatsoever. That hot tension at the base of your skull ain't fear. It's rage. At Capcom. The pounding of your heart isn't from terror. It's annoyance at the same-old same-old creature design and unfair difficulty levels. In two words: Not Scary. "Survival Infuriation" could be a better genre in which to group this sorry little game.If Capcom is to sell Resident Evil titles on the Playstation 2, they need to concentrate on Originality and Playability, two crucial key points which "Outbreak", unfortunately, lacks in spades.Steer clear! And get something else, anything else, instead. A very, very disappointing showing for a franchise that was once so revered.
Not much to say here, it's like analyzing a football game when the score is 50 to 0. The game has terrible controls(worse than before), laughable load times and it's boring. It's not scary at all, I'm serious. It also has no definate characters to really build a story on. It just doesn't have that tense feeling of serious Resident Evil's past. Even if you're a fan and just think anything with Zombies is cool, you will change you're mind. RE has always been about cool. This games characters and  their constantly cheesy out of place lines get very annoying. Imagine a person climbing a latter and then in the midde of the act just screaming out &quot; I don't know what to do!&quot; even as they keep climbing. If you're like me you expected much more from this one. Just wait till RE4, it better be beyond good.
This is one of Sonic's worst games. Surely, it was the worst one on the Nintendo GameCube. To say that it was disgraceful and glitchy is the serious understatement of the week.The character's charms and voice acting was there, but the soul wasn't. The levels were nice and huge as promised but there were many glitches and the story left so much to be desired. I think we loved this game for 2 weeks and then it hit us: THIS GAME IS SERIOUSLY STUPID.Cover Art: CInside Art: ?Story: DCharacters: A-Graphics: B+Sound: BControls: ALength: D-2.3 stars.Overall: D-
Ive played Sonic Adventure DX,Sonic Adventure 2 Battle and my favorite of all Sonic Mega Collection and was definitely not disappointed by any of them but this game is a different story.I mean I can accept that Sonic Team want to try new things with the Sonic characters but this game goes about it in all the wrong ways.The first 3 or 4 levels are pretty fun but after that it all becomes tedious and hard.I love a challenging game.I mean Ocarina Of Time is the best game Ive ever played because of all the challenges but that was a role playing game.A platformer should be challenging but not frustrating.It wrecks the whole experience but if youre really good at all sorts of games you might find that you like this.Thats the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1.Its just OK.
Well, okay it is mortal kombat. They added a lot of features that a lot of people would find amusing.. Konquest Mode, Puzzle Kombat. and Chess Kombat, to name the main elements. These are some of my many problems: The combos are seemingly impossible to me, the Konquest Mode was just ( to me ) seemingly a quick little throw-together to get this game out in stores. The onyl way to get characters is by playing konquest, and I am dead stuck at the beggining - in training! - And no- I am not a beginner to VideoGames even though I am only 14, In fact, I found a glitch in a video game for my first time when I was 6.. but getting back on topic, the game isnt fun. The clunky controls don't suit for me at all, but what I did like about this game was this: The Puzzle Kombat and Kinda the chess kombat. I just like sitting down to a game or two of one of those. I think i may be a little generous rating this game a 2 out of 5, but i'm not buying this game for you - I'm merely telling you what I THINK ABOUT IT.This to me is not worth ( the 50 or 60 dollars . Depending on if you buy the extra pack like me which includes the original Mortal Kombat ) the money. It's worth a rental. Nothing more, nothing less.I'm dissapointed in you, sadly, Midway, for these new generation Mortal Kombat games..Have fun! - - ( with the chess/puzzle kombat ) :)
After playing MK: Shaolin Monks, I couldn't wait to start this adventure. But what I found was a lame MK4 remake and a stupid mode for Konquest.The first thing I thought looked good was Chess Kombat, if you know how to play chess, you can play a game where once your piece tries to take another, you go to a fight, and take on the computer or player 2 in a MK style one on one match. Lower your difficulty settings at first, otherwise the CPU whips you in 10 seconds before you can blink, get used to it first. I then played the Arcade, euhh, it's MK4, the default costumes look stupid and you have to unlock classic costumes. At least you can do that.so far, those are OK, but the Konquest mode... how can anyone say it's good? Ok, I can understand if you like RPG games, you will probably get into it, but since when has MK been an RPG? I probably wouldn't mind it so much, is I was playing as a familiar character, but I'm not, i'm playing as a kid!!!!!??????? WTF??????You run around town, where time is moving so fast the space time continue should be caving in on itself, and i'm running around collecting coins and looking for another kid to take me to the next training session. ummm... ok... but wait, now I am trying to fill a bucket of water for an old lady, finding some guys lost dog, and collecting flour for a baker... WTF?????? This is Mortal Kombat, and i'm playing as a kid doing good deeds for the townspeople? WTF????????? I seriously mean it, WTF????????? If there is a great story to be told afterwards when you leave the walls of the first city, then I'm afraid I won't see it, because once I reached the first save point and exited the walls, I was bored stupid and wondering what the heck kind of idea Midway had to change Mortal Kombat into this sort of thing?Could you imagine if MK1 was like this? Instead of being a one on one fighter, you had to learn to tie your shoe laces and pee in a straight line before advancing to the next level? That game would have been horrible, and Mortal Kombat would not still be here today. MK is about fighting, not collecting coins and doing chores for a bunch of townspeople who can't be bothered doing it themselves... and the pictures of the meat and water bucket... BWUAHAHAHHA, Oh man, they are horrid to look at. It tried to through some humor in with the lost dog thing, but I failed to find it funny, because it seemed too child like orientated, not something for the likes of teenagers and adults, which MK has always been... until this game.WTF happened here? Did Midway try to make an MK for children? Yet get slapped with a M rating due to the 1 on 1 version?Get Shaolin Monks instead of this, this one is so warped and stupid it will make your head spin.
Before I purchased this, I thought that it was going to be one of the best action games ever. After playing, I was disappointed. It's a very "AVERAGE" game, that doesn't have anything special to make it stand out from other games.I found it very weird that there is no jump function. The only way to kill air-born enemies is to shoot them with a bow n arrow. This can be tedious since you have to stop and stand still, then use the lock on target button.And since there is no jump, you can NOT jump in the air and perform hard landing attacks.There is also no kick button. Kicks would have added a little more variety to the attacks.You should buy God of War instead. It's a LOT more fun and exciting than onimusha 3.
Short Review:Red Dead Revolver has a perfect atmosphere and fantastic soundtrack, but it's lack of checkpoints and brutal difficulty, along with unexciting story and characters don't make it worthwhile.Long Review:Video games are by nature, an industry that thrives on changing and evolving, in response to ever evolving graphics and more powerful hardware and technology.  Gameplay wise, it's now pretty much standard practice to have quicktime events, the ability to save where you like, make every other game a free roaming sandbox, etc.  Likewise, some events also die out, such as having to play through the game in one sitting, not being able to save wherever you like, and interactive movies.Why am I bringing this up?  Because Red Dead Revolver is a perfect example of how some ideas in video games should be left behind for good,and not carried on for years when they should have gone extinct and died long before.Red Dead Revolver is a third person western shooter has you running around the wild west as Red, a stereotypical bounty hunter who doesn't talk a whole lot and prefers shooting people to rationally discussing problems in the hopes of a diplomatic conclusion.  Years ago, your parents were killed in a fiendish raid on your house, and now, decades later, you finally have a chance to take revenge on those who tore your life apart.Like virtually every other third person shooter on the market, Red Dead Revolver (RDR) has you running around levels, shooting bad guys, taking on boss characters, gathering weapons, and going on sneaking and infiltration missions, among others.  In fitting with the western theme, you get to partake in numerous cliches, such as train robberies, ghost towns, mines, and desolate forts.  And just like with it's successor, Red Dead Redemption, RDR absolutely oozes atmosphere from every angle.  The environments you run through are distinct and varied, and it's always a treat to see what each level has in store, from a train battle on the wide open plains, complete with fields of golden grass, to outposts lit with an overcast sun, to ranches nestled amongst the mountains.  Rounding out the atmosphere is the spectacular musical score, which perfectly embodies the feel of classic Spaghetti Westerns, and the moment you hear it, you really feel like you're in a good, old fashioned western story, ready to hop onto the nearest horse and ride off into the sunset.Unfortunately however, atmosphere can only take a game so far, and when you start getting deeper into RDR, you begin to realize that it embodies some of the most hated tropes in the world of video games...a high difficulty level, and a lack of checkpoints.In fitting with the hostile world in inhabits, RDR is a really hard game.  You'll go up against entire armies of outlaws, militias, and private armies who would love to put a bullet between your eyes, and more often then not, they'll accomplish it.  In and of itself, this isn't a problem (save for those with low tolerance for frustration), but what makes it such a huge problem is the lack of checkpoints.  Despite each level being really small, they're packed with enemies and events that you have to take on one after another, and unfortunately, you often have to complete two or three objectives at a time before you get a checkpoint.  This sounds easy, but in reality, it's anything but.  I lost track of the amount of times I died, only to respawn at the very beginning of the level, thus making me fight through everything all over again, especially on some of the more brutally difficult stages.Unfortunitly, this is especially annoying when it comes to duels, another of the game's biggest problems.  Quick draw gun duels have never really worked in video games, and RDR doesn't break the trend.  The aiming controls are very loose and drifty, and you're always on a time limit before you get shot and killed.  As the game goes on, this limit gets smaller and smaller, until you have perhaps half a second to react, aim accurately, and fire before dying.  The second to last duel for example, took me well almost a dozen tries to complete, and even then, it was pure blind luck that allowed me to pass, not skill.Still, the difficulty and lack of checkpoints could be forgiven if the the story and characters were fascinating to follow, but RDR doesn't succeed in this front.  As the main character, Red is just not that interesting.  For example, he has just three facial expressions:1.  Neutral Smirk.2.  Smug Smirk3.  Angry SmirkCoupled with his sparse dialogue, Red just isn't an interesting character to follow, or root for.  The side characters fare slightly better (and in a nice touch, you even get to play as some of them at certain points), such as the Buffalo soldier, the English gunslinger, etc, but they don't get much in the way of development either, besides basic, "I want to save my ranch from the evil governor" motivations, and the whole story eventually finishes with an unsatisfying ending that fails to leave any impression on the player.In a nice touch, after you've completed the single player game, there are some really nice bonuses to unlock, the biggest of which is a duel mode, where you can play against up to three opponents at once in a big shoot out in stages that you can unlock/buy while playing through the main game, and in addition, you can also unlock pages in a journal that acts as a scrapbook.  And there's even a bounty hunter mode, which challenges you to complete levels in certain ways, such as not taking a single hit, finishing it within a time limit, getting kills only with headshots, etc.  Accomplishing such goals will get you some nice bonuses, such as turning blood into glittering stars, invincibility, etc.  All these unlockables really helps to give the game a lot of replay value that you don't see in many other western games, so it's a great touch.Overall, RDR has fantastic atmosphere, an amazing musical soundtrack, and some very nice unlockables, but the high level of difficulty, and uninteresting story ultimately makes RDR not worth recommending.  What's really sad is that the checkpoint problem shouldn't happen.  Checkpoints in video games should be frequent, not frustratingly sparse.  Never once have I encountered a review praising the lack of checkpoints, for everyone hates to replay segments of a game over and over.  Even hard games, like Limbo for the XBox 360, provide very frequent checkpoints, so if you die, you feel determined to try again, and don't feel like you're being harshly punished for failure.  RDR does give the impression that it's unduly punishing you for failing, even though it's the game itself that's brutally hard in the first place.
I love the simplicity of skulking around in the dark during medieval times. I like having a bow to fight with. Beyond that, this game is just too repetitive.You get new missions and all you can do is sneak, find loot by stealing it or picking locks on wooden chests, achieve the required goals, then get a new mission that has you doing the same crap all over again! I MEAN HOW MANY CHESTS CAN YOU PICK OPEN BEFORE YOU GET BORED TO TEARS??? The weapons perform poorly too! I aim perfectly for the heart, shoot a guy with 3 arrows close up and he still kicks my butt! Then I can shoot another guy in the leg and he dies instantly! LAME!!!!!The concept is fun, it just lacks something to make you want to continue playing the next repetitive levels. The voice acting is pretty lame too. I would go so far as to call it banal.I am glad the developers stepped away from aliens and nazis. I swear if I have to kill one more darn Super-Armored Alien Nazi Storm Trooper with twin machine guns for hands I will scream!I don't want to imply that you should not play this game. It does have it's moments. I would recommend you wait until this game costs around $15. If you want a true sneak and loot challenge..go for Splinter Cell. The character has many more abilities and the game is actually entertaining.
This game stinks. I have Pentium IV 2.66mhz, 512ram, 128 NVIDIA Geforce FX video card, and DSL and this game stinks.Heres what is good:1. Great soundtrack. The music is awesome.2. The idea. the idea is great. The way it plays out is not.I first decided to play the single player mission to get the hang of the game. The graphics weren't very good and even this part of the game lags. The movements are jumpy and it takes along to load. So I decided to try on-line and see what it was like.I couldn't even log onto a game because I had the wrong version. I just got the game that day and it hadn't been out long. Plus this game comes with some software called Acegain Liveupdate. It is supposed to automatically check and download any patches and updates. Well, it didn't. So I said OK to update. I waited and waited and waited and finally after 1/2 an hour, I cancelled it and went out on the internet and looked for the patch. After waiting a little over an hour, I finally got the patch and loaded it. The patch did let me enter an on-line game and it did help with the graphics, but the game was way too laggy. According to my ping, I was running less than 70 and I had the 3rd best ping out of 16 people and I still couldn't move very well. I was warping all over the place. So I tried another server and another server and after 17 tries, I found a game with only 5 other guys. And guess what? It still played like crap. Not sure how the other 5000 + people that are on everyday keep playing this, but they are.I thought the idea of doing helicopter drops and firing weapons from a helicopter and some of the booby traps you can set sounded cool. And it looks like the maps were done very well and there was lots of potential here. But somewhere along the line something happened. And it isn't good.I have also read some reviews here that said you had to have certain video cards and computers. Why? This game should have been made to work with computers no matter what they have as long as they meet the minimum requirements. My computer which is a Dell beats those requirements and the recommended requirements by alot. But the game still lags on single player and multi player. It is just unplayable. I have not had this problem with any other recently released games and should not have had a problem with this one. But it sounds like I am not the only one.Having been a pretty big fan of Battlefield 1942, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone right now. Maybe more patches are on the way but after trying to play this game for around 12-15 hours, I just can't do it anymore. I will keep checking for new patches to see if it improves, but for right now, I would tell you to wait for Battlefield 2 which is coming sometime. Until then, I will get back on-line and continue to play Medal of Honor.
I loved BF 1942, and it was with anticipation that I installed this new installment.  Much to my dismay, this sequel feels more like an open-source mod than a whole new game.  I fail to see the &quot;great graphics&quot; that some are talking about (I have a high-end PC/graphics card, thank you very much), and the game is full of bugs.  The online aspect has been really buggy so far, with unacceptable lag.My biggest disappointment, however, was with the level design and the overall feel of the game.  Whereas the levels in BF1942 (and its expansion packs) were brilliant and really conveyed a sheer sense of epic conflict, the levels here are 1)WAY too dark, 2)Too cramped and 3)Boring.  I realize that the battlefields of vietnam were different from WWII, but all the levels end up looking exactly the same: hilly jungle.  Far from creating tension, this results in boredom, as you skulk around looking for somebody to frag.  All in all, if feels like a cosmetic update to what was a great WWII game.
how many games have rockstar made?  i don't know, but it seems like it never ends.  the godfather, grand theft auto, bully... all the same damn game with different graphics and different stories.  the warriors mixes it up *a little* by focusing on the close melee combat.  unfortunately, the melee combat isn't nearly as fun when you're playing it as it looks in those screenshots.  it doesn't help that there's a lot of gangsters on the screen at the same time, making it hard to see who are your buddies and who you should be beating up.as in every other lame rockstar game, the controls are too complicated (read: easy to forget).  there's a different control scheme for everything  from picking a lock to busting down gates to.. you name it.  the problem is (like in grand theft auto) there's no quick reference or reminder on the screen to tell you the controls.  so i'm sitting there with a full "rage meter" and can't remember how to use it.  this game isn't worth sifting through the controls in options to learn how to do something.  now if it was ninja gaiden, it would be worth looking up.. but this is certainly no ninja gaiden!the good:  good graphics, good storyline, great dialog and style.  unfortunately, it's a bunch of style and some pretty boring repetitive gameplay.  even super mario bros. 1 had more variety than just punching and kicking.  yawn.  i'll be skipping anything that says "rockstar games" on it for the rest of my life.  they never really make anything new or exciting.
I can honestly say right after experiencing Xbox recently, it is the worst console ever to be manufactured. I had to literally input time, day and date again every time I switch on my xbox to play. This never ever happen to PS2 or Gamecube. There's no reset button. If you wanna just start the game from the beginning you had to literally switch off and on again. Didn't really liked the control as well. I don't see there is any big difference on graphics just because it is manufactured by Microsoft. How realistic do you want it to be??? If you want it like the real thing then don't play games but go out there and see the world. That's the real graphics!!! The console is heavy as hell due to its contents. I am selling my Xbox after playing a few games and not even over 6 hours of gameplay. I bought it weeks ago to at last having an Xbox in my possession so I could stay on top of the gaming industry but sadly it didn't. Xbox is history!!! Anyone interested in buying from me let me know... it is still brand new in mint condition.....I take care of all my belongings.... I just don't see myself enjoying Xbox. But if you are a gamer who enjoys online game. This console is for you.