Crash Bandicoot WarpedI have always loved the Crash Bandicoot Series. The original three on the Playstation were good, and the ones that would follow were always decent. I went back to play this classic and discovered it was just as great as I remembered. Still, it does have its low points.Graphics- 8/10On the original Playstation, these graphics were fairly good. The characters look blocky at points, but it sort of adds to the appeal. Voice syncing is pretty well done. Levels and characters are interestingly designed. The fact that most levels have another level that looks similar doesn't really bother me. They change the levels up enough to where it feels like you are playing a different level.Story- 3/10This is the part of the game that is a huge letdown. Neo Cortex, our antagonist, starts the game off exactly like he was left on the second game...falling from the sky. After failing to stop Crash Bandicoot from capturing all of the powerful Crystals, he plummets from his exploding spaceship and falls into a mountain. Inside of the mountain just so happens to be Uka Uka, a powerful witch mask that appears to have been giving Cortex orders all along. Uka Uka was trapped in the mountain by Aku Aku to keep the world safe. Now Uka Uka has escaped with Cortex. Uka Uka quickly recruits Dr. N. Trophy to build him a time machine so he can find the Crystals before Crash Bandicoot was even around.This honestly doesn't sound too bad. Until you see Crash and his friends at home. Aku Aku hears Uka Uka's evil laugh and senses danger. Then you suddenly appear at the time machine that Cortex is using and now you are using it. What happened to Cortex? I have no idea. How did you find your way there? Who knows? From there you use the time machine to get to the Crystals before Cortex.Sound- 8/10I love the music in this game. Every level type has different music, and it works for every level. If you are in an underwater level, you will hear mysterious sounding music. They just did the music very well. The voice acting is top notch as well. Sound effects are the same old Crash Bandicoot sounds though. It's not the best video game sound, but it's still really good.Gameplay- 9/10Gameplay can make or break a game. Luckily the Gameplay made this game. They added more variety than any of the previous games in the series.Crash Bandicoot is basically a side-scroller except the camera is behind Crash instead on the side. You are still on a fixed path that you have to follow. Sometimes you will even enter a part of the stage that is a side-scroller. The gameplay has always work very well like this.Warped is the third game in the series though, and they needed to add something new. They did just that by adding: Power Ups, Flying levels, underwater levels, jet-ski levels, and motorcycle racing levels. Power ups are gained whenever you defeat a boss. You get small things like double jump and belly flop at first. Later on you'll get a Laser Guided Bazooka and Running Shoes, which really change up the gameplay. One thing that I am happy about is that the Power Ups actually help you play the game. They aren't just useless add-onsThe new level types are just what this game series needed. The underwater levels play like a side-scroller underwater. It's enjoyable to swim around instead of walking. Jet Ski and Motorcycle levels are great vehicle levels. I admit that the controls on the Motorcycle levels take some getting used to, but that is what makes it fun. The flying levels are probably the coolest new things. There are only three in the entire game. You fly around in a plane and shoot down opposing planes. There isn't much to it, but it's a nice break from the other levels.Difficulty- 5/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)This game is extremely easy. You can go through the entire game without dying. Not just that, but the entire game only consists of around 3-4 hours of your time. One strong afternoon of playing, and you'll be done. The bosses on this game can become a little difficult, but it only takes a few minutes to learn their pattern. Also, I felt the final boss battle was too easy.Overall- 7/10The gameplay is extremely strong. The story for this game is just all out of whack. If you are looking for a quick game to pick up and play, this is for you. I suggest checking out the previous two titles first though. They areCrash BandicootandCrash Bandicoot 2. They are better games in my opinion.
i played this game at a cousins house but i dont play games as long as i use to any more i love the level when i play as his sister and ride a tiger
I like this game but its not really fun its kinda boring. Its really confusing the game when you die you have too start over but i dont think you can press save. 5/10
I played this game for week's years ago against a friend or 2 and it was great fun on multi-player. However when I played it one player I hated it. I thought it was too slow and real dodgy. But that was before I actually sat down and gave it a real go. And once you master the sliding/skid turn booster trick, it becomes a lot better.To do that; you just hold the R button down when going around bends and corners and tap the analogue stick in the opposite direction 3 times. The smoke goes from white, yellow to red then you let go the R and you have a slight boost. Once I had learned that it plays a lot faster.Overall, the graphics good and the levels are much bigger then the previous SNES version. But it lacks the same competitiveness and fun of the original version. But don't get me wrong, it is great for playing with friends, but it is a different feel from the original.In my opinion the best Mario Kart out is the GBA version because it is the SNES version with more tracks! (the original SNES tracks are unlockable in the GBA version!) But none the less, this version stands out on it's own.This version I didn't find to be as fun as the SNES one for a few reasons. They should have had more racers to choose from. And I miss my favourite driver the little Koopa Trooper, instead he's been taken out to make way for a slower Wario. But once I'd mastered that thing to take corners with, it was easy to place 1st in the 150cc.Overall, I give the one-player game 3 stars and the multiplayer 4.Cons: Not enough tracks and courses. Once you've mastered the courses on 150cc, there is no further challenges for you in single player mode.- Not enough drivers to choose.- The sound effects can be very annoying after a while (like Toads Whoa-Whoa-Whoa-Whoa sound)- No way to turn the objects off (like banana peels and the hazards of the coarse... it is really unfair sometimes)
Mario Kart 64 Launched with the N64 and it sure did good with the sales but Ultimatley this is disapointing.  Mario Kart Succeds in graphics departure but Fails at the boring over and over gameplay that you indure in the game.  Don't get me wrong this is a great game but it just pretty much fail to fun factor.  Back when I got this game when It first came out I simply loved it but after the next day it kind of got boring for me.  The game is great but fails with the overuse of boring driving and nothing exciting happens.  If it were up to me I would have addes some really cool Driving maze level(yeah it does sound lame but what ever)In Graphics the game is simply superb.  It really does make the N64 a really good lookin' system.  The level desighning and great setups make it one of the better looking N64 back in the days when it was still popular..  It truly does make some Ps games look like crap.The sound is pretty average...ehh I rather not go into that..NOW.......The gameplay..It just get's boring after awhile and nothing special happens and the single player is pretty short.  But cool......And that's pretty much it.The Multiplayer is pretty fun.  I had a blast playing it with my friends.  It really is fun but like I said before...Nothing special.When it all comes down to this.  The boring yet kind of fun gameplay, Great Graphics but doesn't help gameplay, Really fun MP but still fails to succeed in fun factor(well atleast to me)I give Mario Kart 64 a 3.4 stars out of 5Lates..
Okay, I normally love everything Lucas Arts puts out, but this...I really, honestly loathed this game! The gameplay was repetitive, hard, and booring. Basically, it is every vehicular battle from the trilogy, put on a game.While this had great potential, and awesome graphics, I cannot reccomend it.
THIS GAME IS SO EASY THAT IT IS BEYOND BELIEF! and I mean that, too.  Some people think that they're the GREATEST nintendo players of all time just because they beat Super Mario on the N64 console.  Big deal.  This game is incredibly, (AND I MEAN INCREDIBLY) Easy.  It's okay, but nowhere as near as good as Zelda.  However, if you want a game that's excellent for the N64, get this game.  Here's my pros and cons for this highly wonerful and yet laughably easy game:PROS:Wonderful graphics.Addictive gameplay.Every now and then there's puzzles that are mildly challenging.Un-predictableness with the creatures in this game make it fun.CONS:Awkward camera angles.Too easy that you should beat it in about two or one month.Controls are weird and at times confusing.Graphics are good, but at times there are major glitches.This games levels look alike every now and then.The plot sucks.  It does.  Save the princess and jump through paintings and destroy Bowser.  Come on!Bowser bosses are not difficult at all.  You can beat all three of them in like less than a day if you try hard enough, (I did it in one day, true story, I SWEAR)And there you go.  Hopefully this review helped somebody out.
I had a positive but more negative experience with this game. I did beat it a few times at the final level, defeating Bowser. But, the game crept me a couple of times. I could not fully control the buttons on the controller in order to figure out where I (Mario) was. Plus, there were some enemies that were scary and immortal. I could not stay in the water for too long or else I would die. However, the game was the first 3D Mario adventure type with cool graphics and so.I rank this game the second in the list of most difficult Mario games (maybe 5 as total) ever. The winner is Super Mario Bros. 2 (in my opinion).
I loved this game when i first played it. It has many puzzles and frustrating stuff that you have to get away from because of how hard they are. It took me 10 hours to beat the game just because the puzzle solving is very hard on normal mode. You can play an arrange game where you have unlimited ammo for a sub machine gun which is cheating but is part of the game when you first turn it on. This game is fun and challanging the first few plays with whatever character, (You can be Claire Redfield or Leon Kennedy.) but it will be a bore when you finish it.
Seeing as how this is the first Crash game, it pains me to have to give this game a 3. The only thing that makes this game not quite as good as the others is it's lack of a very big story(and not to mention a horrible ending). Otherwise, this game isn't so bad. I give this game a 3 and a half. The graphics, gameplay, and music are fairly good. This game got me into the whole Crash Bandicoot Trilogy; and the games just get better along the way!
This game was fun and all but it was hard as heck. It was so hard that I had to put in a cheat to get all levels so I could skip the levels I couldn't beat. I don't know who the people can beat it because I can't. I mean does the guy who created this game expect us to beat it? I mean you can't even crawl. YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAME!!! but beware it's the hardest game ever.
Back when the Sony Playstation and Nintendo 64 were first released, people were getting all excited over Super Mario 64 in 1996.  It was new, it was innovative.  It had something.  Meanwhile, the Sony Playstation got Crash Bandicoot, and this was described as a game that could take Mario on at his own game.  That, of course, didn't happen, as Mario still holds the torch.  However, Crash Bandicoot wasn't a bad game.  It was, however, a bit more flawed than most other games out there for certain reasons, the main one seeming to be its unforgiving difficulty.  There were, of course, other mitigating factors.Crash Bandicoot carries the--even then--overdone save the damsel in distress storyline, ala Mario saving Princess Peach over and over.  Much like Mario, however, Crash wasn't about storyline.  It was about gameplay, and here it's just as simplistic as it is in your average 2D side-scroller.  Crash only has two attacks.  His spinning attack and a jump attack.  You'll use this to take down your enemies.  There are advantages to using one attack over the other.  For example, the spinning attack can potentially send enemies flying into other enemies while the jump attack gives Crash some extra air, which is actually needed to access some of the games little secrets.Throughout each level, Crash also has the ability to obtain Aki-Aki.  A mask that serves to protect Crash.  If you have one you can sustain two hits before you die.  If you have two you can sustain three hits.  If you have three you'll be temporarily invincible.  The game also makes it a point to give you an Aki-Aki if you're dying too many times in a certain level, and believe me, that'll happen a lot.  The good news is that Crash Bandicoot isn't shy about giving you extra lives.  The bad news is that you'll still mow through a lot of them pretty quickly.  A lot of the times things are just unfair.  The camera is permanently fixed behind Crash, so sometimes it's hard to predict jumps, or sometimes even where some enemies are.  Also, the amount of surprises they throw at you can be annoying as well.  Like a bridge where the planks fall out and then you get to what is seemingly a dead end only to find out that you've no time to look because the plank your standing on is also lose.  Thus, you've no choice but to go through a lot of trial and error in levels.To its credit, though, Crash Bandicoot has a variety of levels.  There's the basic 3D platforming where you basically run through the level in a straight line with the camera behind you, but there are some levels that make you go about the old fashioned way by these levels being 2D side-scrollers.  There are also levels where you'll run from a boulder in Indiana Jones style, levels where you'll ride on a hog.  You'll get your fill from these levels.  Although, many level designs are also very simplistic and straightforward.  There's not a whole lot of exploration to be done, and even when you can veer off course, you'll only be backtracking to get back on the right course.  In short, many levels are just too linear.Mastering the game is also fairly difficult.  Throughout each level there are crates that you have to smash.  If you smash all the crates, you score a perfect.  Seems simple right?  Well, the catch is you have to smash every crate in the level without dying.  And again, with some unfair camera angles in some levels, and the trial and error, you'll be attempting to score a perfect on a level several times.  Likewise, it seems strange that the levels are so difficult yet the games bosses are so easily taken down--including the final boss Dr. Neo Cortex.  Most boss battles aren't a challenge, but getting to them sure as hell is.Even the games save system is flawed.  As you go through each and every level you'll find tokens that'll let you catch a glimpse of the girl Crash is out to save in this game.  The problem is this token is hidden in crates throughout the level.  The second problem is that you need three of them.  The THIRD problem is that you have to go through some stupid mini-level in order for your game to actually be saved.  They're played out in a 2D side-scroller like fashion with the exception that even in these levels there are some 3D elements, which again require trial and error to get through sometimes.  At least you don't lose a life... just the chance to save your game.  The FOURTH problem with this is that once you collect all three tokens, whether you were able to make it through the bonus round and save your game or not, you can't get them again.  Thus in each level you're only given the chance to save once, and you may not even get it!  This is inexcusable.  The later installments of the series certainly did a better job with the save feature.  There's also a password system here for those who don't have a memory card, and that's really nice to have.  Again, however, it sucks that you only really get one chance to save.  You can save after scoring a perfect on a level, but again, that's a one time deal.  You can't go to an easy level, score a perfect and save again.Despite its gameplay issues, Crash Bandicoot looked good at least.  Especially for a game released in 1996.  It runs fairly smoothly, and just looks great for the time of its release.  It wasn't a launch title, but at least it was a game that was easy on the eyes.  The levels also look good and even too this day the game still has a particular visual charm to it.  It can't hold a candle up to today's graphics but in 1996 this was a charmer.  The game also didn't sound so bad either.  Some tunes do get annoying, but a lot of tunes really satisfy the levels, and the sound effects are brilliant.  As far as presentation goes, Crash Bandicoot really knew how to hand it to us.Unfortunately, it's unforgiving difficulty may actually be enough to turn some fans away after a while.  Was it a good game?  Sure it was.  But the first installment just had a lot of unforgiving issues that thankfully were worked out in the second game.  It's not bad for a first outing, but a game shouldn't be so unforgiving in its difficulty.Pros:+It's a good looking game+It sounds good+Simple gameplay that anyone can pick up and learn+A variety of levels+Tons of secrets and little things to do; you'll be busy just trying to complete the game 100%Cons:-The difficulty level of this game is unforgiving-Bad camera angles-The games levels are difficult yet the games bosses are disturbingly easy-A lot of trial and error moments-Many levels are too linear-The save system set up is absolutely horribleIt's still a good game, but later games in the series do a far better job.
I will confess I never finished this game, but thankfully I won't need to curtsey of the RE-make for GameCube. I had originally started this series with RE 2, and decided to back track to the first one for the sake of finding out who Chris was, and why Claire was looking for him. However the horrid control, horrid graphics were bearable, but the lousy voice acting was not. I couldn't stand it because here was a great classic B-Movie story (and I love B-movies) with F-Movie acting. Everything about this game became cheesy. I then bought the director's cut hoping for better voice acting... well at least I got my wish a couple weeks ago. I then bought the dual shock edition.... yeah, I'm kind of bitter, but I won't hold a grudge because Capcom and Nintendo provided me with what I wanted recently. But this game could have been better, even for the time it was released; at least the voice acting could have been better. Now that the remake is available with all the good things about the original intact, plus some fiercely improved graphics, sound and dialogue (although I miss the &quot;Master of Unlocking&quot; line) there is no need to bother with this game.
I have played this through several times because the puzzles are excellent and you kill zombies.  There are many puzzles I still haven't solved and I may end up playing though again just to see whats there.  Also, some of the graphics were nice and I love the fear, even though I played RE's 2&amp;3 first, this one scared me the most (but being the first I played, only RE2 gave me nightmares for months).  I will agree, this game is hard core, and there is plenty to like about it.  I love interactive movie feeling like Final Fantasy VII and Wing Commander: Prophecy.However, now I will list what I didn't like.  Why I only gave it three stars.  Well, to start off, the cinematics are not only outdated, but horribly done to begin with.  If I made the game, I would have just said: &quot;Y'know, that was really bad, let's just not have a cinematic.&quot;  Also, the movement is quite shabby and fake looking, and while a zombie hovers into a standing position, you can't shoot him until he is standing up and walking toward you.If you think that such a picky thing about positioning, picking up items is worse.  You can commonly at a position in which you appear to be facing an item perfectly, but you can't pick it up, because it's really 30 degrees to your left or something like that.  With these positions, you are forced to listen to mind-numbing music.  I thought the sound effects were bad and the voice acting made the sound bad enough, but they had to go and give us the abolute worst soundtrack you will ever find, for any game or B-Movie.  The only trouble with the music is that you require listening to the sound effects to survive, and so you must endure the music as well!However, the music is beaten in abysmal-ness by its dialogue.  The script is terrible, and to say the voice acting is laughably bad would be a huge understatement.  It doesn't end there.  The pitiful dialogue scenes do nothing but tell one of the most cliche-ridden plots ever devised.  You have police traitors, huge creatures that come out of rooms that you just came out of to kill you, and worst of all, you have about three dozen times through the two stories (which are almost identical) where people walk in just in the nick of time to save the other.  That type of stuff makes me sick.  You are alone for about two hours, when suddenly a trap goes off, right as your partner happens to be right outside.Lets rate everything: Images: 8,  Movement: 5,  Script: 1.5,  Sound Effects: 6,  Background Story: 5,  Music: 0.5,  Voice Acting: 0,  Puzzles: 10+,  Mosters: 5/6,  Weapons: 8,  Fear: 9.5,  Plot/Sequence of Events: -2.
This is a good and fun game but after you beat it 2 or 3 times you lose all interest.
this game is okay, i'm not really into this type of games, but this one ewas pretty good for it's type.
The expansion pak will definitely enhance many of the newer N64 games (the differences I've seen on Episode I and SuperCross 2000 are very noticeable), but for the extra bit of eye candy I'm not sure this is worth  the money.  If you really enjoy crisper graphics, then go for it.. but I  think some people will find their money better spend elsewhere.Another  thing to keep in mind is that the N64 is becoming dated.  The expansion pak  will help it a bit, but if you are planning to upgrade to a new system then  I would save your money.
This game was a good start for the Pokemon franchise but to strictly say. Very straight forward game and not very difficult. In my opinon this is the kinda game you would play in your free time or for old times sake. The controls are identical to Blue and Yellow and gameplay is simple.
If you love Meele, you will not enjoy this. If you have this you would say it was fun for about.... 3 weeks. 4 maybye. I think the game is excellent but it was'nt addicting at all. But Meele is still my favourite game and is fun to play. So buy it if you hate being addicted.
it was nice to see some of the greatest Nintendo characters come togeather in one game but all else form that this game is just to make your eyes sore!!! again i say these kinda games are for kids plain and simple.The game repetitive , annoying , trivial and of course my favorite definition meaningless to me, i felt that alot more could have been done to make this game a great classic, but only the characters can stand out!!!! nothing else, not even the game play, my little bro loves this game so i guess it's worth a play if you have an infantile intellects laterzzzz folks / gamers
Having the rare opportunity of trying it out, the Game Boy Color is a considerable leap from its predecessor.  Besides the main feature of processing 32,000 colors with specially designed games, the GBC is backwards compatible with classic monochrome Game Boy titles, though you can play with different palettes by tinkering with the face buttons when the title screen appears.  Also, though the system's slimmed-down design is pretty convenient for pocket games, it's a bit too narrow for big hands.  It offers no shortage in battery power, and the AC outlet at the bottom provides extended play with the right adapter.  The biggest oddity on the handheld (for me) is that you raise the volume by turning the switch down instead of up.  As for the GBC's less-than-stellar resolution, after discovering the Japanese-exclusive Game Boy Light, there's no excuse for having to find a proper light source.This system is recommended for players over 7.
This is the first hand held color system but it has many things wrong with it. The screen is way to small to use, even though the color came out on it they made the graphics worse, U have to be in direct light to see the screen, and the sound is really annoying. Nintindo made the color but they made the screen smaller and the graphics worse. I like the older one better. Like the old one i love the games for it but the sound is not very good and the graphics r bad. It is also big and bulky so it weights a ton and its hard to put in ur pocket. This one could have been beter.
I really dont understand why this game gets such a high rating. I mean all it is is an exact duplicate of the 1985 NES version converted to the Game Boy with a few extra modes of gameplay and extras added into it. I suppose for those who were to young and have not experienced the 8 bit Nintendo days it is good for them to experience the game too. But lets face it if there is any game that most video gamers have played at some point in there lives Super Mario Bros for the Nes is it. All this Game Boy version is is a fine conversion of the first Super Mario Bros to the handheld console and not much more. Great for kids that are young now though who missed out on the Nintendo 8 bit days.
This game is fun because it has the orginal Super Mario Bros in it. The nostalgia is there on the small Game Boy screen. The down part is the fluff, like images to print out. All this is a total waste of memory on the cartridge.
To wit, this game quite fun. Since my game play style tends towards using the analog controller whenever I can, this game seems to be custom made for myself. And of course it is. It's a pretty neat concept having the monkeys (I don't think the manual writer did a lot of research on monkeys since the book uses &quot;baboons,&quot; &quot;apes,&quot; and &quot; chimps&quot; interchangeably)  escape from the zoo and having your job to chase down and capture them. Nice non violent plot really, one of the very few games that I buy and my girlfriend is willing to play.And while the game has a nice plot, the programmers also spent a little time on the graphics in the game. Since the PSX is showing its age there is only so much any programmer can do. But the programers did a very good job. The smooth graphics, &quot;large&quot; worlds and a grand variety of scenes make this game a delight to explore (Never mind the obvious use of some of Sony's stock SDK files, usually evident by the &quot;Pa Rappa&quot; look in some areas). Throw in a huge variety of weapons and usable &quot;tools&quot; make this a winning formula indeed. In fact it is likely that after the PSX goes the way of the Atari 7800 that this game will be one of the reasons that die hard fans of the PSX will dust off that gray box (Or blue if they upgrade to the PSX2) and play a few levels. However, I have one major gripe.It shocks me that many people consider the Ape Escape camera to be nice and well behaved. This camera is one of the most ill-behaved I've come across in a long time. Just what are some people comparing this camera to? Super Mario 64? If that's the case, then that's a hard judge. SM64's camera was pretty bad but at least it was aware of walls and didn't go behind them too often. Ape Escape's camera not only goes behind walls but it goes through them as well! Haven't the programmers at least heard of a &quot;Jelly Cam&quot;? C'Mon, there are numerous examples out there of what to do and what not to do with the camera. Ones with decent (mind you, decent, not perfect) camera's include Spyro 2, MDK 2, and Zelda 64. All of these games had cameras that were somewhat well behaved (although none show the classic &quot;Jelly Cam,&quot; A Jelly Cam is a camera that when it goes through a wall turns the wall, or anything else, into a semitransparent entity. You know it's there but at least you can see what's going on on the other side.) AE does not fall into that category. I can't tell you how many times I've run back and forth in a level looking for a way out only to discover the camera wasn't &quot;swinging&quot; in an appropriate direction. Some pundits may tell you that only adds to the difficulty of the game. Someone should remind them of the difference between skilled difficulty and annoying frustration. Never, Never should any one ever lose a life because the camera wasn't doing a good job of showing what is happening around you. &quot;How about blind spots?&quot; Some may ask. What about them? It is very possible to design a game and camera to allow the classic &quot;leap of fate.&quot; My gripe lies with the camera refusing to shift at appropriate times so that I can at least survive the darn jump! Or Shifting to an appropriate angle to allow a fair fight against a baddie. All to often I'm getting pummeled by a monkey with a machine gun or rockets simply because the stupid camera doesn't know enough to swing around a column. And using buttons to &quot;fix&quot; the camera's faults is a cheap trick. Sorry Sony, A big company like your self should know better.This game gets three stars due the rotten camera work. If the programmers spent more time with this crucial element then the game would certainly win five stars. Too bad Sony, the frustration with the camera is simply too high. For those who think the camera works &quot;perfect&quot; play a few more games for comparison.
Since this was the first pure Rpg I had ever played, there were alot of things I found really neat about Final Fantasy 7. I liked most of the secondary characters and found their plot development well executed.That being said, this game has one of the worst protagonists ever. Cloud. The reason he doesn't take the top honor of this? Because there are far worse protagonists, one of them being Squall. I guess emo kid Protagonists just don't do it for me.It also relies very heavily on plot, that came before it (in that it shamelessly rips off 6 and previous Final Fantasies to the point of hilarity) in order to stand on it's own merits. Most Final Fantasy 7 rabid fans, probably couldn't actually play this game, due to the fact it's frankly no longer pretty enough for them. These are the same people that will try, in vain no less to convince you that X is a great Rpg. (and boy is that one TERRIBLE at the end.. don't get me started on the sphere grid, love story... anyway back to 7)If Final Fantasy 1-6 had never existed and 7 was original I'd have a much higher opinion of this game, but between the rip off nature and Cloud it really kind of drags the game down for me. I never quite got the hype, yes there are a few characters that still stand out as pretty neat, Vincent and Cait Sith, Red XIII, Aeris, Tifa and Cid. But almost everything else is miserable. Even the Iconic of Bad Guy Sepiroth Yeah I've seen better since him. Far better.I wouldn't recommend this game really, there are much better things you can do with your money, such as Xenogears, Final Fantasy 1,2,4, and 6. Final Fantasy Tactics, IX, or even XII.
I remember when this game came out and  the PSX(sony) had a iron clad deal with Square for their new FF. I remember when I overheard these kids talking about "the graphics are going to be great" and I thought ,"Yeah but what about the story line and battle systems etc"? but all that went out the window since game manufactures started catering to  not the die hard rpg, dungeon crawler, shadow  gate, FF1  on the NES fan... but to the people who didnt know anything about games except " they have good graphics" It all started with this game.The of course Tifa was all the range because her extra large "pixles" and all I heard was young boys every where talking about that and it was sad .  the story itself was a departure from the traditional FF series and this is a more post apocalyptic and dark. I myself did not like the graphics because the characters look silly to me all blocky and the backgrounds while interesting  I had a hard time seeing where I was supposed to , or could go. So therefore I had to spend a lot of time checking all areas .This game to me saddens me and makes me thing of the turning point in games, when game companies started marketing not to kids but to adults and that made me sad.
So how does Resident Evil Code: Veronica compare with the previous RE games? Despite the new look and outstanding visuals, Resident Evil Code: Veronica hasn't really offered anything new, and instead delivers more of the same RE gameplay.The story is very awkward. As the game progresses, Code: Veronica's storyline begins to lack the cool plot twists and startling mysteries found in the last Resident Evils. RE:CV relied on too much puzzle-solving to drive the story. There aren't any interwinding plots like before. Instead, the story reveals a weak cast of characters. This includes transvestites and unnecessary characters who have nothing to do with the main plot and RE storyline.As you might expect, the graphics are mind-blowing. Its the best-looking Resident Evil yet. Gone are the pre-rendered backgrounds and still perspectives of the old games. Code: Veronica's sound is good, but has some bad voice-acting.What's disappointing is that the dodge feature from RE3: Nemesis has been removed and the auto-aiming is so annoying, causing you to aim at unwanted targets and wasting ammunition. RE:CV's puzzle-solving, box-pushing, and switch-pressing, which will eventually become tedious especially to experienced Resident Evil players.Resident Evil Code: Veronica pales in comparison to the other Resident Evil games in almost every area. Once you forget about the awesome graphics, you're left with nothing but same Resident Evil we've been playing all along.
Nemesis is one scary mess!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So beware!!He seems to be around every corner imaginable, and he's quite invincible, until the end, so don't get those hopes up! :-)A decent run-through, but a bit difficult.Difficulty: 7Difficulty, compared the hardest Resident Evil (RE Remake): 6Graphics: 6.5Characters: 6Sound: 6.5Replay-ability: 6 (You get more guns, I believe as well as other hidden bonuses).3.5 stars.
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis - Circa 2000GOOD:- Nemesis enemy adds a new twist to the game and makes it more intense- Good story, with twists and turns- Some nice bonus mini games to unlockBAD:- Graphics look pretty dated- Voice acting is not that great- Controls feel datedWILL IT FIT YOUR TASTE:- Slow moving "survival horror" game, which is more about moving boxes, managing items, and unlocking doors then actually fighting for your life- A Sc-Fi horror game set in a city over run with zombies, and a super zombie called NemesisGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Resident Evil 2- Dino Crisis 2- Silent Hill- Alone in the darkADDITIONAL NOTES:- Half of this game takes places during the events of Resident Evil 2- There is a remake of this game for the Nintendo Game Cube, which doesn't really upgrade anything- The playable character (Jill) was also one of the playable characters in the first Resident Evil- In Japan Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is called Biohazard: Last Escape
I think reviewers are making the mistake of reviewing the system's game library, and not the system itself...The Dreamcast, although a very high-power machine, is not the most practical creation.  It boasts high  graphics (128 bit), yet the only TVs that are capable of handling such high  memory graphics are in the $3000-4000 range.The Dreamcast also boasts a  56k modem, which they claim will launch them into the internet gaming  market.  Problem: 56k modems are narrow-band and slow - anything more  graphical than tetris will get laggy over multiplayer networks, especially  if the gamers are not dialing in from close locations.  The high-graphic  nature of the games is not easily supported by such a harsh net  connection.However, the Dreamcast has a highly innovative game engine  allowing for opponent AI to adapt itself to your actions.  This, combined  with the system's graphic capablities, and, yes, its impressive game  library, make it a system worth checking out...especially with a $50  rebate.
This system has good graphics, but it was released between the time of ps and ps2. Sega whould have waiting  a year. While they do that, they should have upgraded the system. Therefore, this system was not in the competition of gcn, xbox, and ps2. nothing more to say... its a disapointment that i bought this piece of junk for the price of 3 ps1 which is way better. there are only 20 games for this thing. im sure NEVER gonna buy any sega consoles ever.
I will state why I like and don't like the Dreamcast._pros_Good graphics4 controller ports56K modem built in2 mem. card slots per controllersmall size_cons_very NOISYno dvd playervery small amount of gamesthe games stink!cheap controllersEven though the Ps2 is alot better system the Dreamcast is cool. It was far ahead of its time though. And the games were absolutely horrible. There were very few good ones and no, Sonic is not one of them. Athough it is a good system I would recommend getting a Playstation 2. The Dreamcast is dead and they are not making any more games for it.
For those of you who have not played the Tekken game series, it is a 3D fighting game; that uses the same button configuration as Street Fighter 2 (Fierce Kick, Medium Kick, Weak Kick). What makes Tekken different from other fighting games are the moves, smooth animations and the cinematic movies for each character that is used to beat the game (you also get a new fighter when you beat the game), however that becomes the point of the game, seeing these movies. Each movie unravels part of a mystery (as to why your even playing the game). A person can beat the game in 20 minutes, because each fight only lasts about 20 seconds, so the pace is pretty fast and you don't need experience to beat the game. Unfortunately there is not much noticeably different from Tekken 2.
You know those games that the magazines all say is cool and your friends tell you about and it's the talk of the year, and when you buy it it's great, but your playing something else in a week. I think Tekken 3 is one of those games. I'll be honest, the game itself is fun, but repetative. You'll soon find that all of the characters and levels never change, and the Tekken Force mode does very little to improve. It, just like the game, gets old. I guarantee you will play the game all the way through just to unlock all the player videos though. If you can get the game used and VERY cheap, buy it. It's a fine game for a while, but nothing you'll play for years.
This game is broken down into three components. There is the adventure mode that is quite subpar, minigames that are mediocre, and finally the stages that are very fun to play. Once you clear a stage or minigame on the adventure mode, it unlocks and you may just play it by itself from the main menu when the game boots up. You may play as 6 different characters, all with their own unique stories, stages, and minigames. I thought this was a brilliant implementation of the game. Although, admittedly the Sonic and Tails stages are way more fun the the stages for Big the Cat, Knuckles, or the robot. The Amy stages are somewhere in the middle.The controls are somewhat frustrating at times, particularly in the adventure mode. The NPC humans in the adventure mode look downright like stick figures graphically, and stand there like manequins unless you knock into them. Then they flinch for a moment and go right back to their original position.The adventure mode plays like an exploration game. You must figure out what to do to get to the next cutscene, minigame, or stage. You must find the object or area that will take you to it. This is a rather mundane and boring, sometimes frustrating, part of the game.Sometimes the camera angles in this game make it so you can not see your character or get any sense of direction. Again, this is most often in the adventure mode.The cutscenes in the adventure mode are well presented and timed. The fade from the adventure mode to the cutscenes is well paced. The graphics look great, and soundtrack well performed.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the sonic characters, as you can play and develop so many of them. If you like action or 3D platformer type games, you will probably enjoy this game as well.This game is definitely worth a play though to see if you like it. I did, I own it, have beaten the game with several of the characters, and still enjoy playing it to this day. However, this game is hardly the best the Dreamcast has to offer.
I wrote this review to educate all of the hardcore gamers out there...especially those who love long RPGs.  Don't get me wrong, the Playstation has a lot of great games, and the the controllers are quite durable and well designed.  The problem with the Playstation lies within it's hardware.  If you play games a lot (especially role playing games), be ready to invest in a new Playstation about every 7-8 months.  I use my Playstation about 1 hour a day...sometimes more when playing through a role playing game, and I've had to go through 3 Playstations in the past couple of years.  There are several factors that contribute to the breaking down of the Playstation.  Overheating, the track wearing out, and the CD chuck under the lid that falls apart after a while.  The overheating problem can be aleviated by investing in a cooling fan, but there is not much else you can do for the other problems. Typical signs of overuse include skipping, longer load times, and freezing. Don't bother turning the system on it's side or upside down, doing so will only further ruin the Playstation and your disc and is probably also a fire hazard. My only advice is keep your Playstation out of hot places, away from lots of electronic equipment, do not put it on top of a VCR, and always unplug it after use (the AC adapter device is internal, therefore causing the system to heat up even when not in use if you do not unplug it). Hopefully Sony will learn from this and the Playstation 2 will be a lot more durable.
This was an amazing game when I first got it... a million years ago or so.  Funny thing is, they were talking about Diablo 2 in developement back then, but I didn't see it for at least another 2 and a half years...If you happen to be running a computer that is older than dirt, go ahead and buy this game, I think it is great, but it is way past it's time.  As a matter of fact, I think I saw someone playing it the last time I was in Amish country.
Very old tech but fun for the younger set in the family.
I am a huge fps fan, but i don't get why everyone likes this game so much.  I found it rather boring and dull.  The gameplay was slow, most of the game was just going around looking for buttons to push to activate different things, which got old in about the first 20 minutes of gameplay.  i admit this game is very good, but i just cant see why it has gotten so much hype.  if u want to get the coolest fps then get Clive Barker's Undying
Most critics insist that Half-Life is the best game ever, but I must disagree.  I will say that it has perhaps the best gameplay of any shooter, but it does have its drawbacks.One of the best traits of half-life is that although it has much the same gameplay as any other shooter, it  seems to have done it exceptionally well.  Like most shooters you walk, run, climb, jump, crawl, and shoot, of course, but in Half-life it's so utterly engaging.  I'm not sure why, but I believe the great gameplay is a result of the intuitive nature of the puzzles and combat.  You can look around and say: &quot;Ah ha!  That's the way.&quot;  And in most cases you are right giving you a satisfying feeling of knowing that you used your brain well.  However, as another reviewer noted, in some cases you get nailed with a &quot;gotcha,&quot; you die, and it's time to gawk at the ol' loading screen.  Nevertheless, it's not that hard after you play the game for a while, and who doesn't want a challenge?The weapons are average and include the standard machine gun, shotgun, and pistols along with grenades and other weapons you pick up along the way.  You can also use guns set on turrets.  All your weapons pack a punch, and you shouldn't be dissatisfied with any of them.Enemies include monsters and &quot;grunts.&quot;  They're decent looking, and the grunts have good AI.  Some of the &quot;boss&quot; monsters need to be killed with special weapons that you fire from pressing a button on a wall.  It's very satisfying to see one of the big monsters finally go down.The sound is exceptional except for the voices of the NPCs.  I'm not sure why their voices are distorted.  It might be a bug.Speaking of bugs, this edition of Half-life has a bug that causes you to stick to some of the lifts which can be very annoying.  Sierra should have fixed this bug by now.  I used cheat codes to get around this problem, however.As for cheat codes, use them!  As difficult as this game can be, you can finish it using these codes, but try the game without them at first, of course.What really drags this game down is the graphics.  Although they aren't poor, they aren't that great either.  In some of the levels the design is so plain and smooth I feel like I'm in a tin can.  This problem gets in the way of Half-Life being a truly great game.To sum it up, I'd say Half-Life is a good, solid shooter.  It can be so absorbing, but it won't wow you either.  And such an opinion will get me in trouble with all those rabid Half-Life fans, no doubt!
Metal Gear Solid has won just about every gaming award possible and has been lauded by critics and fans worldwide.  Despite the fact it's not really my area of interest (I'm a Resident Evil type guy) I bought the game (heck, it was 20 bucks, why not?).  This was last year.  I never finished it, and finally sold it.  Why?  Good question.  I finally decided that, ultimately, I wasn't involved at all with any of the characters or story events.  I didn't care what happened.  Do I think MGS is overrated?  Well, sort of.  Granted, the graphics, controls, and audio are as perfect as perfect can get, and there is no doubt that there are innovative elements (especially the sneaking about and the enemy soldier AI) but I found the characters and story as cold and sterile as the Arctic location in which most of the game is set.  It has no SOUL.  For this type of game, I feel this kind of personal involvement is VITAL. I wasn't swept up in the events like in Parasite Eve or Vagrant Story.  Metal Gear left me with the feeling I was performing a chore rather than embarking on a world-changing adventure.  The story felt scripted and unnatural, the characters flat and lifeless.  I think Metal Gear affected me the same way as this year's Shenmue for Dreamcast:  an undisputed technical masterpiece that felt devoid of humanity.  In any case, any gamer with a pulse should play through it (for the Sniper Wolf bits if nothing else), but be prepared for Snake and Co. to keep a distance from your heart.
Okay, after reading all of these crazy awesome reviews of this game, and being a huge fan of Silent Hill 2, I bought this game from here for $40.  And boy, was I disappointed.  Lets list the good and the badPros:Impressive graphics, considering it's a playstation 1 gameGreat Music by Akira YamaokaAmazing Camera angles (especially during the opening run down the hallway type thing)Fun to playGood atmosphere.Cons:Not fun at all in the daytime, so you have to wait until night to enjoy it at it's fullestThe atmosphere is NOT backed up WHATSOEVER!!  This was my biggest gripe about the game!  Stuff like resident evil and dino crisis have less of a crazy atmosphere, but what atmosphere they do have is backed up by the sudden and unexpected appearance of enemies, and the extreme difficulty of killing the enemies.  Plus, with a lack of ammo, you're usually panicking.  Silent Hill has great atmosphere, but plenty enough ammo to kill the generally weak monsters that are found throughout the levels, and most of them are slow and don't do much damage to you, therefore they don't pose much of a threat.  Silent Hill 2 had Pyramid Head, and at some points I actually was too scared to continue on with the game on the fear that he might show up and slaughter me.  Silent Hill has absolutely nothing to back up this atmosphere, and if you can get past the disturbing look of things, and realise that there is nothing making the scary noises, you're just walking around a deserted area that has the lights out, some monsters, and creepy music.  What's so scary about that?  Nothing.  And when there are an abundance of enemies, it's not scary, it's just annoying, because if you can't pick them off one by one then you're overwhelmed and you die.Like I said above, absence of enemies makes the game far too easy, but too many enemies makes the game too hard.They should have had your character have crashed on the outskirts of town and had you walk to town in the middle of the night.  That would have been scarier, and better than just appearing in the town.The alternate dimension is overused.  This problem was fixed in silent hill 2 though, and was executed perfectlyAfter my list of the good and the bad, you tell me what you think.  I wasn't scared playing this game (maybe made nervous a few times, but never terrified like I was playing the sequel).  It's definately a good game, but terribly overrated, and you can tell it's their first effort at the genre.In all, being the silent hill fan I am (I own the first 2 games and origins, have seen the movie(which sucked, btw), and plan on buying the third and fourth titles when I have the money) I'm glad I bought this game, but It's not as good as the hype leads you to believe.
Silent Hill - Circa 1999GOOD:- Considered classic to many hardcore "survival horror" gamers- Was sort of considered too scary to play in its time, for some gamers- A complex story, with twists and turns- travel two different worlds, this one and a demon oneBAD:- Graphics look pretty dated; fog is not graphically very pleasing- Voice acting can be bad at times- Controls feel datedWILL IT FIT YOUR TASTE:- Slow moving "survival horror" game, which is more about solving puzzles, managing items, and unlocking doors then actually fighting for your life- A horror game set in a town over run with all kinds of odd creatures- Game and story are similar to books by Steven King and H.P. Lovecraft- Multiple endings and even some bonus unlockablesGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Resident Evil- Alone in the dark- MistADDITIONAL NOTES:- This is the first Silent Hill game in the franchise and from what I've been told this games true squeal (story wise) is Silent Hill 3 and not Silent Hill 2
As the world awaits the next installation in Capcom's flagship Resident Evil series, Konami has stepped forth with Silent Hill, a horror concoction all their own. Instead of merely riding onto the gaming scene on RE's coattails, Silent Hill strikes out into bold new territory and clearly distinguishes Konami as a continued force to be reckoned with in the videogame world.Once you plop in the game, you're treated to a seemingly peaceful CG intro showing young widower, Harry Mason, on a tranquil late night drive with his seven-year-old daughter, Cheryl. The pair speed down the highway on their way to an aging resort town known as Silent Hill. But somewhere along the way, their trip is cut short as a young girl appears in the middle of the road, captured in the headlights of Harry's jeep. As Harry attempts to avoid hitting the girl, his car spins violently out of control and the world blurs. As Harry regains consciousness in the driver's seat of his wrecked car, he turns to check on his daughter only to find that she's missing. Where did she go? Welcome to Silent Hill, an adventure masterfully crafted by the use of sound, sight and even touch. Played mainly like an adventure game and not an action title, Silent Hill neatly sidesteps any obvious aping of the RE series by taking a more literary turn into the world of horror. With an emphasis on character and storyline, Silent Hill prefers to appeal to gamer's imagination by limiting their vision to a small range of light surrounded by inpenetrable darkness or by jarring any grasp of reality that the gamer might have on what exactly is going on in the game. In fact it's the storyline's refusal to adhere to a formulaic premise, with Harry confronting apparitions, chasing down demons and puzzling over diabolic visions, that makes the game so incredibly unique. Chills and shivers aside, Silent Hill is one strange trip into nightmares left untouched by the more action-oriented gameplay of Resident Evil. The most important factor of the game's immersive qualities ranges from Konami's depiction of Harry as a regular guy with whom gamers can identify with to the excellent use of ambient sounds to catch players offguard in their most vulnerable moments. Harry's plain appearance translates seamlessly into how he actually plays through the game. His aim is awful and his running pace, though quicker than most enemies, still keeps him only a heartbeat away from being mowed down by the demons running amok on the streets of Silent Hill. In fact, because of the limited amount of ammunition available in the game and Harry's inexperience with firearms, you'll find yourself evading enemies more often than confronting them. And this is one of the finest features in the game. Not only does this strengthen the adventure element in Silent Hill, but it also draws the player into the world of the game by mixing in enough realism into the madness. On top of this feature in the game, Silent Hill also refuses to ease up on the game in regards to atmosphere and mood. Backed by an ambient soundtrack, the game features some masterful effects that are sure to have even veteran Racoon City warriors quaking in their boots. From the inexplicable sobbing of an unseen child in a blood-stained school hall to the loud rattling of an invisible "something" underneath the floorboards that you're standing on, the game never sinks into predictability. Imagine all of this while never quite being able to see past arm's length into the darkness. Equipped with only a pocket flashlight, Harry is forced navigate pitch-black areas where demons insist on lurking just outside of the range of sight. Often, you'll hear them before you can actually see them, pushing the tension factor in the game to white-knuckled heights. But as masterful as Silent Hill is, it still can't claim perfection. In a completely 3D, polygonal real-time game environment, there are always going to be issues about control. Silent Hill slightly suffers from this. Maneuvering Harry in some of the game's tougher spots and getting him to go from dead stopped to run and back again can prove an exercise in frustration, especially when you find yourself trapped in a narrow hallway filled with murderous demons ? with only 15 rounds of Handgun ammo left. Visually, the game remains grainier than what's expected of a PlayStation game released in the system's fourth year. But the overall look of the game, with its murky fog effects and clever use of lighting makes good use of the graininess adding to the atmosphere of dilapidation and decay throughout the game. In the face of Silent Hill's brilliant gameplay, these flaws only take so much away from the game and leaves us wondering how great the game will be on a next-generation system.
I bought this game yesterday because I wanted the nostalga of mortal kombat.  I was very unimpressed with MK:DA on XBOX so I bought this game.  The store only had this game on Playstation and not N64 which I what I wish they had.I took this game home dusted off my Playstation and popped this game in. Almost immediately I remembered how cheap and chessy these game can get.  I had no problem getting to the bosses but once you get to Motaro and Shao Khan, the only way you can win is with luck and not skill.  They both do the same chessy move over and over and over and over again, and there is nothing you can do about it.  If you try to do a move, the computer's apparant pshychic ability counters your move before you even do it; very lame programming.  They also added a throw to Shao Khan's already cheesy arsenal which makes him even more cheap. This game is better when playing other human players, ...  It takes more luck than skill to beat this game.  Another drawback is the slow loading times on Playstation.  ...  These slow loading times and also slow loading times during Shang Tsung's morphs's helped me remember why I hated playstation so much and stopped playing it in the first place.
Mortal Kombat Trilogy, a fighting game that takes all of the characters from 1-3 and Ultimate MK3 and placed in a massive (at the time) fighting game. basically all of the same sprites from the other games (excluding Johnny Cage, which is the only new looking sprite in the game) put them in a fighting game that is just Mortal Kombat 1-3 with a few missing levels, missing the Pit 2 fatality animation, and adding 4 older versions of the characters with some horrible animation. I still like the older MK games, but with the age of the newer mortal kombats (Deadly Alliance, Deception and Armeggedon), these games feel a little too outdated. I think this is a great game but it has a ton of glitches (and there's only one good glitch in this game). when you turn on the 1 button fatality option and when you try to finish your opponent with your 1 button fatality, it doesn't always happen. sometimes you might end up still trying to finish your person off and no matter if you hit that person or whatever, you have to wait until the match is finished. When you play this on a PS2, if you have the speed doubled and you finish a match, it freezes on you, if you have the graphics level doubled and you either finish the match or something else that you do, it might or will freeze up. If you don't have either option on and you decide to start over from the beginning (that stupid buy in screen is what I am talking about), it freezes on you. The only good glitch in this game is that when you play as Noob Saibot and you do that jump and grab move, if your opponent is to the point to uppercutting him/her off the bridge and into the Pit 1 spikes, you can actually have that person fall all the way to the ground instead of just landing on the spikes and having them stopping the opponent falling all the way to the ground. you can actually see a little bit of blue on the bottom of the screen when this happens.because of these horrible flaws, thisis why I am giving the overall rating of 3. If this didn't happen, then yes I would recommend getting this, but because Armeggedon is coming out in a few days (which has all of the characters from the series, including Chameleon from the PSone version of MK Trilogy, Meat from MK4 and 2 new characters from the Konquest mode in that game and hopefully won't have any horrible glitches like this game does), it's probably pointless to get this. If you don't like PSone and you have a N64, get that version. If you don't have either but have a PC, try getting Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe Edition and the PC version of MK4 (I think they released it for PC too). If you hate either PSone or N64, wait for Armeggedon. If you don't like the 2 systems and don't care for Armeggedon, get Deadly Alliance or Deception on the PS2, GC, or Xbox. If you don't like that, then youare out of luck.
I picked up this title, a good ways back. It was a Final Fantasy I had played when it was new and then lost access to. So, being somewhat of a game collector (my series of choice to collect is Final Fantasy and Armored Core) I picked up this one pretty cheap on amazon. The gameplay itself is pretty much standard fair, of when JRPGs or Final Fantasy's were still you know. Good. I'm sorry, I can't stand in any way shape or form the horrible ATB system that Square seems to have such a hard on for in their semi turn based gameplay. I couldn't stand it in X, was even worse in X-2. (I can't call it "10, 2" It's degrading) and guess what horrible thing they are including in 13? Yep you guessed it.Twelve gets a reprieve from this sentence because of the Gambit System and the fact that unlike 7, 10, and X-2 it actually has a plot worth mentioning. But I will get back on target now.My biggest problem with Eight, is it has a large slew of Happy coincidence that would make even Charles Dickens cry. I mean seriously, damn.  Squall being well...Squall... ugh. Why couldn't this game be about Laguna instead? *head desk.. head goes through desk* Squall continues the paradigm set by Cloud, in that they have to stick the worst or one of the worst characters in the game, as the main character. Because the guy that makes the 7+ (Tactics, IX and XII aside) can't write good characters up as protagonists to save his life. I hate, squall. Really hate Squall. Almost as much as Selphie.. No scratch that.. more than Selfie.Unfortunately as Squall is a core component of the game he drags down what could have been a good story down to mediocre. Every other character in this game is far better than he is in terms of character development. The plot itself is standard fanfare of a group of mercs, end up fighting some evil big bad thing bent on world domination/destroying the world (I'm trying not to spoil things here), and discover their significance in the greater scheme of things as the story progresses.So they have a solid working core for the story, and the secondary characters stories are fairly well constructed.... but Squall... again rears up his head and smites the story down from any high heights this solid foundation can achieve. Just like Cloud.The battle system can be turned into turn based combat (which given that there are no AI scripts for Allies, is a very good thing), thankfully. But there are hints of cracks in the franchise's integrity that appear in this game.I think personally these cracks were evident in 7 in abundance but the majority of gamers were too busy doing naughty things to themselves over 3-D graphics to notice. 8's coming out did not receive the fan fare because by the time it came out Gamers were used to 3-D. These cracks become larger as the series progresses. At first of course it's the little things _like those Dickens Coincidences) and a poor main character... Later it becomes things like basic premise and story. All in the trade off for shinier and shinier graphics. And of course stupid gamers buy more and more into this.My biggest beef with 8 is that reviewing it Four Games Down Later, that honestly you can see the start of Square's fall with it. And that fall started when they let go of the original Final Fantasy creator.Eight should however be cherished though, as it in my mind is one of a dying breed. Good JRPGS. JRPGS in general need to smack themselves silly and ditch the TROPES they have been running with for umpteen years, Japan is quickly losing relevance on the stage of the gaming world, because quite frankly American and European Rpgs decided "you know what? let's make a good story, rock solid characters, and an enjoyable non turn based experience" And you know what? You can't argue with the results. I doubt anyone would disagree with me when I say this. Mass Effect and KOTOR are some of the best rps ever. Fable II easily blows the post 6 FF series out of the water.So don't hate on Eight. Hate on it's maker. There is alot of gold left in 8 to be enjoyed all of these years later. There's still rock solid gameplay, a good enough to get the job done story (Damn you Squall damn you), and even better it's cheaper than the modern JRPGS to pick up.
Final Fantasy 8 begins with a CG video so impressive, you think yet again Squaresoft has managed to create an excellent RPG adventure. The opening sequence switches between an intense swordfight between the game's hero, Squall, and his archenemy, Seifer, and scenes of Squall's soon to be lover, Rinoa, dancing through a field of flowers. It's artfully done, and very exciting. However, the results of said battle are underwhelming. Both men receive as wounds a scratch on the cheek, which happens to deliver Squall to the hospital. And so, in a matter of moments, the game switches from awesome to disappointing that its hero is such a wimp. Despite some triumphs in the graphics area, FF8's lame story, uninteresting characters, and step away from the traditional RPG norm make it a forgettable experience.The main problem comes from the game's plot, which wouldn't be so bad if cutscenes weren't so long and there weren't boring and cliched characters populating the story (the only non-human characters in the game are enemies). Squall is a Cloud wanna-be, only he takes his role a little too far. He becomes an emo, depressed teenager who delves too much into his own thoughts to notice that the game's three beautiful female characters all have feelings for him. Right. Squall, along with his archenemy Seifer, is a student at a school called SeeD, whose purpose is to train teens to fight and undergo secret missions. Seifer is a much more childish version of the frightening Sephiroth from FF7. He bullies fellow students by calling them "chicken-wuss," rebels by not wearing the school uniform, and intimidates his teacher. Just an immature little punk if you ask me. The other characters include Quistis, the teacher barely older than her students; Zell, the friend easily fumed by such comments as "chicken-wuss;" Selphie, the vivacious girl who tries to be so cute and air-headed it's annoying; Irvine, the cliched ladies' man that can't get the ladies; and last but not least, Rinoa - who finally gets Squall out of his thoughts of himself and into thoughts of her. I would have liked it more if the characters were mature teenagers rather than your cliched self-absorbed ones.FF8 takes a stab at a rather unique combat system, which is great, but the problem is it doesn't work very well. You don't get money or weapons the traditional way. The money part is pretty neat. You earn a weekly paycheck through employment with SeeD, and you earn more money by being promoted to a higher rank. The weapons part is a problem, however. The only way to earn stronger weapons is by taking material to junk shops and having it made into a weapon. The problem is the game doesn't give you these items very easily. You can only retrieve these items by fighting monsters that have what you need. Problem is, you can't know what monsters have which items unless you glue yourself to a strategy guide. For those who want to play the game without a guide, or those who don't want to spend their time fighting monsters and hoping they'll drop the item you need, you'll probably finish the game still equipped with the game's weakest weapons.Not upgrading your weapons means you'll only do minimal damage with them, so you will want to look to other sources of damage. There is magic, but magic doesn't operate on MP and is limited. It's more like a usable item, and the only way to get higher quantities of said items is by drawing it from enemies. Plus, if you junction certain spells to your characters, you most likely don't want to use those spells in combat. That leaves the Guardian Forces. These summons can do a lot of damage, and while you are waiting for them to be summoned, they protect the summoner from attacks. The GFs will carry you through the game, though they have the drawback of having to sit through sometimes lengthy summon sequences every battle. Making matters worse is the experience system. Every 1000 experience points earns your character a level, but the worst part is that enemies grow levels with you. This wouldn't be so bad, but it means random battles last longer than they should. Random battles tend to be tedious as they are, so it's awful when a game adds to that tedium.
My very first Final Fantasy experience came from FF6(or FF3 in the State), and I loved every second of it.  What I must say, must say is that Final Fantasy series does separate itself from rest of RPGs out there with the excellent graphic, skillfully done music score, and last but not least, story line.However, FF8 was something different from rest of FF series.  For couple hours, I thought it was good, then it became apparent eventually that the game doesn't live up to its legacy.  I easily stopped playing it because simply the magic it used to pull me in from FF series wasn't there anymore.  I didn't think the plot was something which i would go 'wow' nor characters were fresh visually for being realistic rather than super-deformed, but other than that there was nothing, nada.Personally I love Dragon Warrior series.  It doesn't boast any graphic, nor has well plotted story lines of FF series, but Dragon Warrior does a really excellent job in game play balance.The FF series was able to go head to head, shoulder to shoulder with ENIX because of their graphic, music, and storyline.  But this time, it was way out of its own league.  Graphic was good enough, music, however, didn't give that masterful feeling, and ultimately storyline was just,,,horrible.It's a decent RPG.  However, I would consider it as a failure from FF's perspective.  I really did expect alot from FF8 since the main theme is love.  I really did anticipated alot...  Play this game when you have plenty of time to kill, no other game to play.
Well, this was the first in a series of disappointing games from SquareSoft released for Playstation (followed by SaGa Frontier 1 and 2, Chrono Cross, Legend of Mana, Vagrant Story...)  Don't get me wrong, even the poorer SquareSoft titles are a cut above most games, but compared to the innovation and quality of previous stories, Final Fantasy VIII really falls short.  The magic system is irritating at best, and the story isn't nearly as compelling as Final Fantasy 6, 7 or 9.  Worth playing, but not worth playing instead of FF9.
FF8 in my personal opinion is not as good as FF7.  The story is an epic, something Squaresoft is famous for, but the way it's told is not as good as it should have been, and that, is the most nagging part for me and it just brings down the game.  Also, the materia system which I grew to love as been destroyed and replaced with this stupid junction system.  I see it's good points but it's too confusing.  Even with the in-game tutorial, and even to this day, I don't fully understand it to my personal satisfaction but good enough to beat the game.  The graphics have been greatly improved.  The people look like real people.  They have hands instead of blocks, and don't have lethal looking hair (CLOUD).  The fighting is the same turn bassed action as before and some battles can take up to 10 minutes, not a good thing when you're in a hurry.  Another bad thing is how much you have to rely on the GFs (summons).  It's nearly immpossible to beat a boss with out using them and most of them take a long time to use.  The anamaters ovously had a lot of time on their hands and decided that summoning a simple summon like brothers will have to take a couple minutes instead of a quick 5 seconds.  Sure it's great for the first few times but after a while, it gets old.  The world is completely futuristic and has nothing to do with it's title &quot;FANTASY&quot;.  Sure it's not a big deal, but I'm just pointing it out.  The story is good, but the character development is terrible.  They have to make a game where you actually like the character you play and not one where you constantly yell at the screen calling him an idiot for doing something stupid or saying &quot;SHE LIKES YOU, CAN'T YOU SEE THAT?!&quot; because this games' story is based around love, yet the characters that are in &quot;love&quot; hardly show it, or at least the guy.  I still don't see what she sees in him.  The FMV is greatly improved and also the ingame graphics as I said before.  FF fanatics should get this game but just be warned, the story has a lot going for it, it's interesting, but the characters just make you want to scream.
Meant to give this 4 stars. A lot of FF7 junkies like to pound on this game, and I can understand why; the junction system really is strange-- it's honestly an annoyance, so I have no idea what Squaresoft was thinking when they designed it. On the other hand, everything else is just too good to pass up -- the story and characters really hit the mark for me, and Squall is one of the most interesting protagonists I've come across in an RPG. Be open minded and don't pass this up -- this is Squares last great effort.
Final Fantasy VIII - Circa 1998GOOD:- Considered a pretty good PS1 RPG by many people- Famed "Liberi Fatali" song/intro, as well as other pretty cool CG movies between gameplayBAD:- Graphics are pretty dated- Game play may feel a little dated- Not considered as classic to many as Final Fantasy VI, VII, or XIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Turn based RPG- No voice-overs, so there is lots of reading- Card Battling as a mini gameGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Final Fantasy VII- Final Fantasy IX- Legend of Dragoon- Chrono CrossADDITIONAL NOTES:- There is a version for the P.C. as well- Squall (the main character) makes a cameo in Kingdom Hearts, and calls himself Leon- Note: all Final Fantasy are not related to one another, think of each Final Fantasy a it's own game not connect in any real/true way to another Final Fantasy, the only exception is Final Fantasy X-2 which is a sequel to Final Fantasy X
After just finishing Final Fantasy 7 I was very disappointed by this game. The first thing I noticed were the graphics. The life size characters just weren't working for me. They tried to put too much detail into them and ended up making their image distorted. The world map is terrible. Very grainy and terrible music. Not to mention uninteresting. The best thing about a Final Fantasy game is the amazing storyline. Not so in this. I'm not really clear what the storyline is in this game and I've played it. You never get to know the enemy in this game or why he/she is evil. That makes fighting them pointless. The fighting in this game is horrible. In order to get strong you need to draw from enemies which leaves you open to attacks. If you use magic you loose your strength. I did like the gfs having their own health though. Rather than taking away mp when summoning, a gf will take hits for you and they can grow their own levels. They have too many levels though. In order for some of them to get strong you need them at level 100 which takes many many MANY hours of countless fighting. I haven't seen the ending of this game. The final battle is the only thing I have yet to do. I got bored and quit. I've switched to Final Fantasy 9 for now. I'll finish up 8 after I'm done with 9 which is a FAR better game.
Everyone kept telling me that this one was the best FF ever. Well, I disagree. I actively disliked most of the characters. The goals are not well explained, nor the means to achieving those goals. The Graphics are only good when compared to earlier installments in the saga. The sound is terrible. I couldn't get into the storyline. I was fairly irritated by how long the game took to get into anything like gameplay. If I wanted a tutorial, couldn't I have asked instead of being forcefed every 3 steps? I'm going to try to struggle through the rest of the game, but for my money, you'd do better with IX or X.
Out of all the Final Fantasys of this generation, I enjoyed this one the least.  I had a feeling of blandness when I played it.  The main character was very bland as well. Still, it was good enough to play through to the end, but that's about it.
This game was kind of disappointing. I am not sure if it was the story line or the characters themselves that did or did not do it for me.Aside from the beautiful cut scenes and graphics this game left me feeling sort of aching to play a good rpg. Which is sad because this is a Final Fantasy game and I should not feel like that after having playing it.
Ummmm where do I start yeah this game isn't that great how everyone loves ff7 and ff8 and you know what those two in my opinion there not that great there really boring so I mean if you like ff then try it out I bought it many years ago and I still havent finished it
I downloaded the demo version of this game and I've decided not to buy it. The first two hours of hacking, slashing and managing inventory were very enjoyable. The simple inventory interface and character management felt like a relief compared to something like Baldurs Gate 2 which can get overwhelming at times. It was good, simple, leveling-up, buy and sell weapons, armor and magic FUN.But then my face started to droop. This game is so repetitive depression sets in. Nothing but clicking on monsters until they die. Click Click click click click. Boring dark scenery, stupid monsters, and clicking.I don't criticize others who like this game, it's seems like it would be much better playing on-line with others than by yourself.Pros:-Really cool weapons, armor and magic management interface.-many different ways to level up your character-pretty good sound and musicCons:-certain game players will get incredibly bored afterthe 1000th click and may feel their life slippingaway-I think I leveled-up myself more by simply mowing mylawn today
Blizzard's "Diablo" certainly made waves in the gaming industry when it was released in 1997. Its strange mix of action and roleplaying kept many glued to their chairs for months on end, and spawned nearly as many imitators as the legendary "Doom." In 1997, the formula worked splendidly - but it's the new millennium now that "Diablo II" has come to store shelves, and it just feels a little long in the tooth. That hasn't kept it from becoming one of the most overwhelmingly critically praised games of 2000, though. One PC Gamer reviewer went so far as to call it "the best game ever" at the time. Apparently he enjoyed the minimal story, the pithy roleplaying elements, and the repetitive click-fest that is "Diablo II" - or maybe he just needs to play more games, because this one remains tremendously overrated. I really want to stress how gratingly easy critics were on this game, just because it had the Blizzard logo on the box. Much better games have taken critical beatings, and justice dictates that "Diablo II" is put in its proper place. Even so, it's certainly not a bad game, and can become very engrossing despite its lack of depth and dearth of variety.Though the "Diablo" games can often be found in the roleplaying section, there is little actual roleplaying to be done. You are offered five character options at the beginning of the game, and you pick one of them as your avatar - it's that simple. It should be noted, though, that each character plays quite differently, and all have unique and impressive skills (or spells) that they can employ when things get rough. Of course, you will also tweak your character's stats to your liking as you gain levels, which is why this is considered roleplaying at all.In reality, though, "Diablo II" is a top-down isometric action game, and that's just fine. Wading through hordes of demonic baddies is certainly an enjoyable experience - though I myself couldn't help but wish there was more to the game. Combat only ceases when you're in one of the game's three cities (one city per episode), and you really only visit these cities when you need weapons or other items, or perhaps when you're ready to receive your next quest. Quests are extremely linear as well. While playing through the game, I didn't encounter a single quest that was designed to boost experience and was not somehow related to finishing the game's main storyline. I enjoy linearity, personally, but the inability to do your own thing, even just a little bit, keeps "Diablo II" from maintaining its freshness. It all boils down to hacking and slashing, leveling up, and repeating that process until the credits roll. It's certainly fun at times, but it's not enough for the game to stay compelling for long periods. Great games transport you to another reality, but "Diablo II" will never allow you to forget that you're just staring at your monitor and constantly clicking on things with your mouse. Even the outdoor environments just feel like the spruced up tabletops upon which you are playing with your fantasy-themed action figures.Oh, yes, and I can't forget to mention that &quot;Diablo II&quot; has a truly awful save system that would be more at home in &quot;Everquest.&quot; In other words, there's an autosave, and that's about it. It makes casual sittings with the game become more frustrating than they should ever have been, since when you die you'll lose key items in your inventory (like your primary weapons), and you'll have to find your body to recover them. To make matters worse, enemies respawn like rodents when your back is turned, and it's just so bloody  aggravating!In the end, I have been focusing more on the game's faults than its virtues, since I feel that its faults have been least touched upon in the press - but it really is a good game. It is far from achieving the greatness others have claimed, but it's good. If you're one of the few people with a PC and a penchant for gaming on planet earth who hasn't yet picked up a copy, you could be well-served if you're in the mood for some lightweight action. Don't put too much stock in those editorial reviews you've read, though, and take note that games like "Icewind Dale," "Baldur's Gate," "Divine Divinity,&quot; and &quot;Nox&quot; have all done this isometric roleplaying thing considerably better than "Diablo II." They actually offer depth as well as frenetic combat. (Well, all except &quot;Nox,&quot; but it was just so bloody fun!) It's inevitable that Blizzard will eventually begin working on "Diablo III," and though it will certainly make plenty of money for the company, if it's to attain true success it had better acknowledge its peers and offer more than its shallow predecessor.Final Score: C+
First of all let me say that there is a large audience who loved the first Diablo and will undoubtedly love the sequal.  This review is targeted for the rest of you who may not have caught on to the craze or the hype.Like many long awaited sequals, Diablo 2 was destined to receive as much anti-hype as hype.  One of the biggest challenges Diablo 2 had to overcome was the treemendous anticipation and expectations that revolved around it.  I wasn't one of the fan's who were waiting with baited breath for the release, so I'll try to remain objective.One of the nicest things about Diablo was the cool CG scenes between chapters and at the beginning of the game.  The story was well thought out and after watching the first movie I was really hyped to play.  While not a facet of the overall game, they were impressive and worth mentioning.Another cool aspect of the game were the tons of weapons to choose from, especially with the barbarian who can use two weapons simultaneoulsy.  Unfortunately you can't leave things sitting on the ground like you could in the first Diablo.  gold and weapons go into your stash.  Once it's full anything you leave on the ground will disappear when you quit the game.Diablo 2 is entertaining, but failed to really captivate my attention to the very end.  I found the game to be unstable on my system which meets the minimum requirements, which was a constant annoyance.  It may not happen to you, but it was a contributing factor to my level of satisfaction with the game.One of my biggest complaints with the game is that it seems repetitious.  The hack and slash elements are fun, but RPG's have come a long way since the first Diablo was a hit several years ago.  There is little in the way of variety.  The same monsters are colored differently, given new names, made a little tougher and we're supposed to believe it's a new monster.  Eventually even the combat, the saving grace of the game, gets old after you wade through wave after wave of monsters that are far more irritating than threatening.The other big letdown is that they really haven't evolved the RPG aspect of the game since the first one.  Unlike other RPG's (which I'll get to in a moment) the hirelings and NPC's are static and almost worthless.  You can't interact with them, you can't change their weapons and all their really good for is taking some of the heat off your back until they are inevitably slaughtered.The game is far more interesting in multiplayer as long as your not trying to connect to battle.net.  If you're like me, however and are barely able to meet the game's minimum requirements and aren't priveleged enough to have a cable-modem, you might as well give it up.  The lag will drive you insane.All in all, Diablo 2 is a nice little distraction for a couple of days, but it is no t the best RPG or dungeon crawler on the market.  If you want a REAL RPG and not just a dungeon crawler, get one of the many fine Interplay games on the market.  Baldur's Gate 2 may be available by the time you're reading this, but you can already get Icewind Dale, Torment (which is fantastic), Baldur's Gate 1 and the expansion pack, and even the Fallout games, which may be dated but are far more entertaining than Diablo 2.
Okay. I was never a big fan of the first Diablo game. One dungeon. Many levels. Many monsters. Many weapons. Many left clicks. That was really it. The story was decent, but as far as &quot;engrossing&quot; RPGs go, it could've been a lot better.Along comes Diablo II, and I hoped it resolved the problems of the first game. First off, the graphics weren't really updated. In Act 1, the monsters looked bitmapped, and the animations weren't too hot. As the game progressed, the graphics got a little better, but still, I don't play games for the graphics foremost; it's the gameplay that counts. And again, this is where the Diablo franchise stalls. I like the 5 different classes; it makes for terrific replay value. But then again, when Icewind Dale, Planscape: Torment, and Baldur's Gate I and II are out there, do you really have time to go ahead and play the same game again as a different character? The skills were pretty cool and the plot was masterfully written and detailed in breathtakinig cutscenes. But something is missing in this game. I found some of the quests tedious and boring, without any real fulfillment when I completed them. It was like, &quot;go here, kill this thing, and come back when you're done.&quot; Still, I did find myself battling hordes of demons well into the night, so it did keep my interest, simply based on the fact that I wanted to kill the big dude at the end. I worked hard to build up my barbarian, and I wanted it to be all worth it. The different locations were nice, although slightly formulaic (desert, jungle, ruins, etc.), and the ability to customize your character was a breath of fresh air. NPCs were okay, as your interaction with them was limited to mostly gossip and a few quest checkpoints. But don't get me wrong: Diablo II is a nice game, and probably worth the money. But if you're looking for a real story with a &quot;true&quot; RPG feel (a la different characters in a party format), do yourself a favor and pick up Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale. But if you're into tried-and-true, mindless hack-and-slash, Diablo II is your game.
When Nintendo 64 is compared to PS1, which is actually cheaper than this is, there is one weakness that Nintendo 64 has. And that is the lack of games. Also, N64 runs on cartridges, and many of its games are costly. Since the console is old, you can get many of the items for this console, and the console itself, for a fairly low price. Nintendo 64 was actually a big hit when it came out, I remember so many of the kids going nuts over it. I actually never had one when I was young, but I don't think I really missed out on much. If you are thinking of getting this gaming console as a gift to a little one, then you should try to get it for a low price. My Mom bought one for[dollar amount]for my brother on Christmas, but I got one used for [less]. Even though it is old, there are many great games, especially multiplayer games available on N64.Pros:1) Large selection of multiplayer games2) Great RPGs, such as Zelda: Ocarina of Time.3) Fairly cheap if you shop around4) Pretty good graphicsCons:1) Lack of games2) Old, so lack of new releases3) Runs games on cartridges compared to small CDs.There are many games which younger children will love available on N64, so it makes a great gift for young ones.
I really wanted to like this game, based on all of the praise it has received and the fact that I really don't have the time to play simply mediocre games.  After having played the Baldur's Gate series and thoroughly enjoying it, I thought that this would be more of the same immersive fantasy-based gaming.  On some levels, this game is successful in creating an interesting world to explore with some fascinating people to meet and things to do.  The story itself is quite intriguing and well-written.  The problem is that the game is slowly paced for the first several hours and is tedious throughout.Gameplay: The controls are fairly simple and should be familiar to anyone who has played Baldur's Gate and similar RPG titles.  Your character is an immortal amnesiac who must find out who he is and how to resolve his curse of immortality.  The character creation options seem flexible at first, but they really aren't.  While you can change classes during the game, you had best learn how to do one thing well, or there will likely be problems later.  Also, your alignment (moral view) may change based on your actions, but many of the game's quests (including the main one) are scripted for "right" answers that might force your character to play out of character.  Also, there are some unreasonable limits placed on combat.  In 30 hours of gameplay, I didn't come across one projectile weapon, which meant that all fights were melee skirmishes.  Moreover, you can't tell how wounded your opponents are until they actually kill over.Planescape: Torment is a very text-heavy game, which is both its strength and greatest weakness.  Whoever wrote the dialogue and story is a talented writer, and this would have actually made a decent novel.  However, much of the dialogue gets in the way of the gameplay in ways that are truly annoying.  You'll find yourself running back and forth between people, going through their entire dialogue trees looking for clues (several times).  Sometimes those clues will not be found unless you know exactly who to talk to, when, and about what topic.  Even then you might not get what you are looking for.  Some of the quests are very imaginative, but others are greatly hindered by this ask-everybody-everything-everytime approach.The dialogue issue would not be such a problem if it did not plague the main quest, but it does.  I hate to consult walkthrough guides, but you will probably have to in order to get pass a few of the several places where you simply won't know what to do next, who to talk to, or what item you need.  There is an in-game journal that can be useful, but even it won't point you in the right direction on some occasions (and "completed" quests are not always taken out of the "assigned quests" category).Actually, this is the first computer RPG that I have played that could not hold my interest until the end.  This was largely due to the tedious nature of the gameplay.  I knew that it was time to quit when I defeated the main boss, just to get a message afterward that said that, in effect, I had not chosen the correct specific dialogue options before defeating this enemy. What???  It was like finally meeting Diablo at the end of Diablo 2, or Dagoth Ur at the end of Morrowind, or Jon Irenicus at the end of Baldur's Gate 2 and winning the fight, just to learn that you had not been nice enough in your dialogue responses before the fight started and thus would have to redo the 30 minutes of dialogue that preceded the encounter.  Very frustrating.Graphics: Visual representation is decent, even by today's standards.  Character models look good, as do environments.  The game does have a certain drabness about it, which is part of the storyline.  But overall, the graphics are fine.Sound: Decent, but nothing memorable.  The weather in the main city of Sigil is always the same, so there are no thunderstorms or other ambient noises.  The voice acting is decent, but quite sparse.  More of it would have made the story even more immersive and less text-driven.  The music was okay, but again not memorable.Replayability/Value: I couldn't bear to get through one complete playing of the game, so I can't recommend it for repeat plays.  If you insist upon playing this game, try to get it cheap ($10 or less).  The story and quests seem too linear to warrant doing them a second time, especially since you are the same basic character during every game.  There are a few interesting party members, such as Morte and Annah, but NPC interaction here does not measure up to the high standard set by the Baldur's Gate games.Overall, I cannot recommend this game to anyone except very patient and/or hardcore roleplaying gamers.  For everyone else, there are many computer RPGs available now that are clearly superior to the gameplay, story line, and graphics of Planescape: Torment.  If you want to play a truely excellent, classic RPG, check out Morrowind, the Baldur's Gate series, Gothic 2, or even the Diablo series.  Though it has a good story, my suspicion is that Planescape: Torment largely appeals to a specific niche of the computer roleplaying market, which does not mind its tedious dialogue system, linear questing, and bizarre story.
It's a LOT like the first game, which was great, but I would have preferred it if we had been given more technologies to research. All the discovery seems to be over a bit too quick before each game boils down to the standard 'smash the enemy to pieces' part. In this respect it became quite repetitive, especially when you consider how long it takes to get a good game going. The only alternative is to try out different civilizations, and only then it's just the architecture that's different.I do like this game a lot but I just wish for a bit more diversity and more surprises in the next one (as inAge of Empires III, notAge Of Mythology). I've not played the expansion pack yet but if it gives us more to work with then I'll definitely check it out.
If you like history...buy it.Ifyou dont, dont buy it.I really dont like this game but it is good for stragedy and education of history+building a empire...thats it to me.BUy it if you want...I dont reccomend it!!!!!!!!!!!
Square is, at this point, trying to milk the Final Fantasy name as much as they possibly can by re-releasing their games (although FFV makes its American debut in this bundle).Since I personally never thought FFIII (VI in Japan) was a good game, I'm going to stay away from talking about it and receiving the huge amounts of flame that will inevitably follow.FFV boasts the following:  dated graphics, uninvolved plot, a dubious battle system, a cool job system (later featured in FF Tactics, to an extent), some ridiculous situations, and an anime series based on it.More than anything else, however, what gets to me is the ridiculous amount of load time for both games.  These games have 16 bit graphics, no polygons, and low-end sprites, so how can Square possibly explain the ridiculous amount of load time at each interval of the game?  It's quite frustrating when you realize that playing the games on SNES would cut the load times by 3/4.Even so...FFV is part of the final fantasy series, and deserves a playing by the hardcore fans.  Newer gamers, who've never even heard of SNES, will find the addition of FFVI a nice touch.
Final Fantasy 6 is arguably the greatest FF game and RPG ever made, and FF5 is another one of the greatest RPGs I have ever played, so how come this game didn't get 5 stars? Well, the load times would be a great place to start. Just like in FF Chronicles, one of the games has great load times, and the other is plagued horribly. FF6 has the worst load times I have ever experienced, even worse than all other ps1 games which have BETTER graphics and contain just as much if not MORE information ( remember Wild Arms? That game was huge, AND it had better graphics than FF6, but it's load times were very, very short, almost unnoticcable, so what the heck!?). Every time you enter a battle you are greeted with 5 + seconds of looking at a black screen, sound fun to you? I didnt think so. Every time you enter the menu you are greeted with another 5+ seconds of load time. Sure, it's only 5 seconds, but once you experience it, you will feel how long five seconds CAN feel, especially when you are used to fast-paced games (the load times are much slower than the PS1 ff's)But on to the games themselves...Final Fantasy 6- Music- 5/5, Fun 0/5, Story 5/5 Gameplay 0/5, overall-1/5 This game is a masterpiece, the greatest RPG ever released on any system. However, given the poor load times, the fun value of this game is whiped out. Seriously, it's a chore to play it. If you have a SNES system i'd dish out 30 bucks for it if you can find it on Amazon or somewhere else. The SNES version has blazing fast load times, the graphics are better, and the whole experience is so much better. I think it is a terrible idea to release a masterpiece with flaws that whipe out any fun while playing the game. Basically, when you buy this you might as well save your time and throw the FF6 disk away, or sell it towards a SNES FF3 cartridge.Final Fantasy 5- Music 5/5 Story 5/5 Gameplay 5/5 Fun 4/5 Overall 5/5 Now this is why this game is worth the price. FF5 is without a doubt a masterpiece, and the version on FF Anthology is great. The load times are pretty fast, the sound is great, and it has the Job system very much like ff Tactics. The job system is a phenomenal idea, and FF5 executes it perfectly. Some hate this game, but I think 5 is easily just as good as 9. It isn't as good as 4, 6, 7, or 8, or heck even Tactics, but you have to realize that FF games are so good that even excellent isnt good enough, and this one is a masterpiece, like most the others. FF5 is much more difficult than any other FF game, even much harder than 4, and you will have to battle quite often for long periods of time, and sometime this can be discouraging if you aren't into battling for a while, but other than that it is a good game. It starts off pretty slow, but as you progress it gets much better, so dont lose interest right away, just wait it out and see if it gets better for you. (When i first got ff Anthology i didnt care a whole lot about 5, but when i got around to progressing through it I found it was a great game)Overall, This version of FF6 might as well not even have been issued, but it is definitely worth it for FF5, and 15-20 bucks is extremely cheap for these two games, just don't expect FF6 to be as fast as the FF3 you remember playing as a kid for Super Nintendo. (Still, I dont get it. Why does FF4 in Chronicles have blazing fast load times, but FF6 is plagued...).So anyway, I highly recommend buying this game, mainly for ff5.
I was really looking forward to trying this game so I was pretty disappointed when I played it.  The controls on this game are terrible as is the camera angle.  There's a very brief tutorial at the beginning of the game but I didn't find it very helpful.  You're given a briefing on what you're supposed to do and what your goals are but I didn't find that helpful either.  This is one game that I would not recommend to anyone.
Sometimes, you'll hear people say that a game is good because it takes like 100 hours to beat or something. What those people left out is that the game they're playing is fun, which makes them want to play it for 100 hours. Donkey Kong 64 has its moments, but I don't think it's fun enough to really finish 100%.. or at all. I played and loved all three Donkey Kong Country games back in the day, and I was pretty surprised that there was an N64 Donkey Kong title of which I'd never heard. But this isn't a Donkey Kong platformer: it's a mini-game marathon. It's like Mario Party, except not half as fun.Let's start with the monkeys, which are arguably the title's greatest fault. You never, or at least I never, really felt like you're in control of an agile primate. These Kongs move far too slowly. You "run" in much the same manner that N64 Link does (rolling). But Link moves way faster than these monkeys, and and you might find yourself screaming, "Oh would you just get to the warp point already!" Furthermore, the jumping ability of Kongs in 3D space seems to be less than polished. They won't get you killed, as this game is ridiculously easy (in terms of staying alive). However, they will annoy you as big Kremlins knock you off ledges because your monkeys can't move like monkeys. Now imagine bad controls coupled knocking you off ledges with being forced to barrel roll back at 50% OoT Link's rolling speed.All too often, Rare's solution to hiding 200 Golden Bananas throughout the game seems to be 'toss in a mini-game'. Some of them are fun, but these mini-games bring the term 'Wii Play' to mind, and that's a phrase I'm sure Cranky Kong wouldn't want to be associated with.They want you to play with each character once in every level. This wouldn't be a bad idea if the platforming controls were better and there were a decent number of enemies to fight (outside of those two or three bonus levels). But if you want to get everything, you need to barrel roll through each level five times, killing the one or two enemies that oppose you, and exploring for the spots where Rare wants to launch a mini-game. Two of the mini-games were the original 8-bit Donkey Kong and Jetpac. They're easily the best parts of this game.I got bored with it going through the water level with 80 or so Bananas. It's too long and it's not really that fun, but there is a lot of sort of ok content along the way. So, three stars, I guess.
I have poured hours and hours into this game as a kid, but there is one fatal flaw that affects its overall greatness, and that is the requirement of beating the near-impossible 1981 Donkey Kong arcade game two times with only one life each time. I played the original 1981 arcade game at an arcade place recently, and that is lenient compared to the hair-tearing experience that the one in Donkey Kong 64 will offer you, and the player is required to not only receive a Nintendo coin from beating the arcade game twice, but the game also requires the player to play and beat Jetpac, which is actually more lenient than the original Donkey Kong, but it still can be a mess to beat. On a positive note, the levels are very detailed and beautifully designed, thanks to the Expansion Pak, but the fact that the player is required to beat the original Donkey Kong twice with only one life per attempt killed the fun, as I would put away the game because of that one impossible mini game to cool down, I even had to buy a Gameshark to beat the game the first time around; it was near impossible. I can now beat it without the use of a Gameshark, but I still find it completely unnecessary to hold such a hefty requirement just to beat the game normally, and if it gave the player a different ending I would understand, but the game forces the player to beat those mini games, and while it could add to the challenge factor, it is still completely unnecessary to just merely complete the game normally. I would still recommend the game, as it has some redeeming values such as advanced sound effects and detailed enemy and level designs, but the player must have extreme patience and be fully willing to take a couple of brutal beatings from the original Donkey Kong and Jetpac in order to beat the game.
If this game was more like the Donkey Kong Country series released on the SNES, then it would be a masterpiece. It's true that it has several of the DKC basics, including several monsters, massive bosses, the Kong Family-Donkey, Diddy, Candy, Funky, Cranky, and Wrinkly, as well as newly introduced members Chunky (Kiddy's brother), Tiny (Dixie's sister), and Lanky (DK's second cousin). However, the game is really more like Banjo-Kazooie, which is unquestionably Nintendo and Rare's trademark N64 series. Rather than having various levels in multiple worlds to trek through in a platform adventure, we get eight massive worlds for heavy exploration. It really just isn't quite the same. As true as it is that it is fun as hell to play, it doesn't get as high an overall rating because it strays so far from the classics. However, other than that, it is highly enjoyable.
same as the other one but with a few glaring differences like the graphics stink like a butt on this one.theres a lot of characters in this one.theres robots,cops,martial artists,gods.......really theres only 2 types.1-the kind that get beat down by the computer almost every time and 2-the kind you can win with all the time prettily easily through massive repition.they are lou kang,raiden and the cop.theres some male ballerina looking dude with a lot of flaming balls.......errr i mean fire balls.hes pretty good except for the whole spandex thing.its alright but 4 is way way better.im actualy suprised theyre even from the same system considering 3 looks like a sega master system game.for all you bozos out there the sega master system came out after the intellivision and before the original nintendo.oh yeah,i dont appreciate the guys who made this making shiva a chick when in fact shiva is a very powerful hindu god with enough destructive capacity in his 3rd eye to destroy existence!
As the Playstation heated up the console wars, Sega and Nintendo weren't the only competitors this time around. So N64 owners were delighted to hear that MK Trilogy would be released and in 1996, it came out and was a moderate success. But with delight came confusion and disappointment as Nintendo's version wasn't identical to the Playstation version in more ways that one. MK Trilogy turned out to be a decent and dated MK fighting game even by standards back then.MK Trilogy is a fighting game combining all the stages, characters, game play mechanics and "fatalities" (gory special moves) from all of the past MK games into one glorious version with extra modes and options to give fans of Mortal Kombat the complete experience. Choose from one of 26 characters (plus 4 secret characters that you have to unlock) and you can either play one on one kombat, 2 player vs. kombat, tournament mode or 2 player three on three kombat. The main goal is to beat every fighter you come across and make it to Shao Khan, the game's main villain. Each character has its own background story, ending, moves and fatalities so the game will keep you busy as far as using different characters by yourself or taking on another player. There are numerous codes to enter with varying results so find a guide online and try them out yourself.The PROS: Everything about Mortal Kombat is all in one game: the stages, characters, moves, options, music, game play, codes and secret characters make an appearance. MK fans will dive in head first and feel right at home. And the 2 player modes let you challenge another player for added replayability. Plus, no load times means every match starts immediately.The CONS: While the Playstation version had loading issues, it turned out to be the better version overall. Thanks to cartridge limitations, the N64 version doesn't feature the extra characters found in the Playstation version and takes a big hit in the graphics and music department. Animation frames are missing which means the graphics are not as smooth as it should be. The music doesn't sound as good as it should be since it's been compressed to save space. The controls are spot on but some will find the N64 controller a little cumbersome at first so it will take some getting used to before you forget about the initial inconvenience.What's disappointing is that had this come out a year later, MK Trilogy could have turned out better since other developers opted to ship their games in cartridges with more space and it would have helped out. Because of key sacrifices, this game will only be cherished by the fans and somewhat acknowledged by everyone else. This game would later re-inforce the notion that CDs were the better medium to make games on while cartridges had less space to work with and were more expensive to manufacture. You can pick this up cheap and I would recommend this game to the fans and those who never played the Playstation version.
Okay, so I'm six years too late in reviewing this game, but what the hey: I just recently picked it up really cheap, just to see what it was like since I'm a huge Mortal Kombat fan. Bottom line? It's better than I expected, but not by much.I've bought around 16 Nintendo 64 games, and not once have I complained about the cartridge format: until now. It served me well through GoldenEye, Perfect Dark, Banjo-Kazooie, Battle for Naboo, and even through Resident Evil 2. Yes the video sequences in that game were highly compressed, but seeing as how squeezing them all in was a miracle by itself, I have no complaints. It's too bad Williams didn't try any similiar compression techniques for MKT. The game feels woefully incomplete, especially when compared to the PSX version. A couple of characters were sacrificed, including Goro, Kintaro, the unmasked Sub-Zero, and classic costume changes for Kano, Raiden, Jax, and a few others. A lot of the classic backgrounds are also missing, noticibly from the original game and Mortal Kombat 2. And then there's the sound, or what tries to pass itself off as sound. While the N64 was capable of Dolby 5.1 Surround by the end of its life span, here it can barely crank out decent mono. Other reviews have said the sound seems canned, muffled, and my personal favourite: like your speakers are set up behind a cement wall. It's all true, every bit of it. If Williams had given the game better sound, I might have been tempted to ease off on it a little.The gameplay has been carried over from MK3, with a new aggressor meter at the bottom. Thankfully, for the characters that have made it, all their finishing moves are intact, and are still cool to watch. There are also various 2-on-2, 3-on-3, and tournament modes to mess around with. The game does get stale after awhile, but it happens to all fighting games. MKT is good for a few rounds of mayhem whenever you're bored.I don't regret purchasing MKT, but I wish Williams had taken more time and effort to polish the game, such as reshooting the actors (Brawka in particular feels cut and pasted directly from MKII), and finding a way to cram everything in. MK fans without a PSX should definitely get this. It's not completely satisfying, but it gets the job done.
The one good thing about this game is the multiplayer, which is why I gave it 3 stars. When I was having a sleepover, we played the multiplayer mode all night. But there is always something bad though, and that is the single-player mode. I beat the game on agent in a week, which was too easy, but trying it on Special Agent was too hard. And the guns are horrible. So if you are bored you can get your friends over and play a couple of rounds of multiplayer, but otherwise the game isn't that great.
Doom has returned with an all-new game for the Nintendo 64. As always you are the lone soldier in space sent to annihilate goat headed monsters, imps, zombie soldiers, arch viles and spider masterminds. But new to the Doom saga are very intelligent enemies and upgraded graphics, which look smooth and not pixilated like the PC and other versions. Also new are three new weapons, to help you tear through dark creatures on your way through 30 levels. The good part is that they are action packed and challenging, the bad part is that some of the levels take you an hour to get through them. Which sets Doom 64 apart from the Quake games for N64, because in Quake it is obvious what to do... go straight and kill whatever gets in your way. With Doom you use your mind to uncover things. However, this is a stereotypical shooting game where you can only point your gun forward and you cannot jump. Fortunately in this game you will not find yourself fighting monsters on staircases, ramps or shooting at them from miles away like in the other versions of Doom. All of that being said, it is a good game, but it will not keep your interest, because of all of the extras that the PC versions had, such as making your own levels, this game does not have.
DOOM 64 was a huge change from the PC & Playstation versions but is still an ok game. This takes away a lot of elements from classic DOOM but it gives us a lot that made this a unique port things like the Alien Laser & also gave us a new Demon the Mother Demon these were only on the 64 version. Unfortunately they got rid of Reverent & 1 of my favorites Heavy Weapon Dude. The 64 port has more puzzles than the PC/PS1 & other related versions it's like it's going on forever & really can make it boring the action was lacking but oh h** yeah the last level really makes up for it. Graphically 1 of the best ports but I prefer the PC version but controlls on the 64 version are good for the most part actually took advantage of the 64 capabilities. The enemies look good I say if you got an N64 you should pick this 1 up it's an ok port of DOOM.
Diddy Kong Racing is an awesome concept: an adventure game mixed with a racing game. Throw in some cute characters, cool bosses, three different vehicles, huge racing courses and some sweet secrets and you've got yourself an awesome game, right? Well...yes and no.I loved this game when I was a kid. Diddy Kong Racing was the first game I bought for the N64 (in fact, it was the reason I purchased an N64). I played this non-stop then, beating the entire game, unlocking all the secrets, then beating the whole game again. Then I moved onto different games, and DKR fell by the wayside.So, a few days ago, I decided to pop it in, for the nostalgia factor (and also to see if it was still any fun). I started a new game, and found the first track. So far, I was having fun, probably due to the nostalgia, but so far so good. Then I got into my first race. I was greeted by horrible controls- it felt like my character was sliding along on ice. I managed to finish the race in first place, soundly beating my CPU opponents, even with the controls. I thought to myself &quot;This isn't how I remember DKR...maybe I'll play some more.&quot; So, I play for a few more hours, beating the world and the level boss. The controls have gotten slightly better, but are still very loose. The cheesy music is grating on my nerves, as are the annoying super-cutesy characters. I finally turn the game off, deciding too let my fond memories of the game remain intact.In 1997, Diddy Kong Racing was revolutionary. Today, it stands as a failed idea. Still, I hope that some developer can take the basic idea of DKR and craft a decent kart racer around it. I really like the adventure game aspects of DKR; but the poor multiplayer and the loose controls are huge turn-offs. Ultimately, you'd be better off buying Mario Kart 64 if you need a racing game for your N64. I give DKR points for originality; it's just that the execution is way off the mark.
(...)I love F-Zero on the SNES and I was anxiously trying to get my hands on a copy of this version. And finally when I did I am very disappointed. the graphics are crap, the 3D polygons have no detail and the background is the same every time. Why can't there be a car that has all A+ categories, even if it's next to impossible to unlock, why couldn't they make the superior machine?The race hardly goes fast enough. The only 2 tracks I did like where the ones with a tube pipe thing you drive on, like driving the outside of a tube, not the inside. And another track that had quite a few leaps and jumps... but over all, I still would rather be playing the original and best on the SNES. They should have included the SNES version on the 64 cartridge as a side game or something.Overall:Graphics: 3/10Sound: 5/10Controls: 9/10This game might be better on multiplayer, but even a tho I have now unlocked every car and track up to the X round. I do have 30 days to return it if I don't want it, and I think I will be returning it. It's a rental game; tho you may not be able to rent them from too many places anymore, it makes me feel better that it will be out of my hair and I wont have it collecting dust rather then be going to someone else who might enjoy it more then I did.I thought they would have learned from the SNES version, that the game needs a cheat for infinite turbo boosts... that doesn't require a game-shark.
Okay. So back in 1996, the Nintendo already had Super Mario 64. The addition of the critically acclaimed Wave Race 64 made the Nintendo 64 even more promising over the then-somewhat-struggling PlayStation. Although it may be largely forgotten now after the relative failure of Wave Race: Blue Storm, Wave Race 64 opened to critical raves and is still a cornerstone of Nintendo 64 nostalgia for gamers.But you know what? I think Wave Race 64 isn't really that fun! Is it a good game? Sure, it's a wonderful game when you talk about the technology relative to the time period. I mean, the graphics are phenomenal for 1996. The water is very nice, and so are the effects. The music is great. It has that soft jazz feel that appeals to people that don't work in IGN. The sound effects are pretty good, such as the "blub" sound when you hit a buoy. Heh. Blub. Blub. Blub. The announcer is just as annoying as the guy in Pokemon Stadium, but having that many voice samples in a game is something not even Super Mario 64 achieved. The guy just needs to tone down his enthusiasm. It sounds terribly hokey. And yeah. The game's physics are good, what with the waves and the water and stuff.But you know? Aesop was right. If you are unable to succeed in something, then you are more likely to pass it off as irrelevant, or not worth it. The same thing applies for video games, and it is something I had discussed in many earlier takes. Games in which an individual sucks at are more likely to be labeled "not fun" by that individual. Well, guess what? I SUCK at Wave Race 64. I have never been able to get used to the wave physics, and I never remember specific controls. I do well enough in Normal mode, but every other mode pwns me. I was never into jet-skiing games anyways, so I am more apt to become discouraged, and I say that the game is not fun. It's a vicious cycle, and apparently the game is the victim. Oh well. I have other things to complain about. I can't do stunts, so I don't like stunt mode. (Gee. What a surprise.) And this game would have been PERFECT if it had 4-player mode.
Wave Race 64. One of Nintendo's first game. Updated from v1.1. Wow. Amazing. This game is fun. OK! Game over!Wave Race 64 is a great game. You get 8 courses, 4 players, create your custom jet ski, go into a championship, play againts your best friend.... and it's over. Wave Race is nothing special. I can't kill it too hard because it was one of the first games, but it's just too short. You can only have 2 players max. Only 1 player Championship which is 4 EASY tracks. The custom made boards arn't really custom, you just choose between 3 factors, and you can do 3 tricks! (Which, during racing, give you no bonus except if you don't complete the trick, making you fall in the water and get behind) This game get's old within 1 hour. It is not worth the price, I can guarrantee you.
Not that often, video games can really be very strong at the sea. Most of the time, there often misplaced, or even forgotten. Just like most racing games, they all seem to be exactly the same like yesterday's newspaper. In the case of Wave Race, it is a little bit different than meets the eye. Since the late 80's, jet skis became a popular kind of sport at sea. Nevertheless, it continues to inspire some of the most interesting games ever.Wave Race 64, was the very first racing game made for the Nintendo 64, in 1996. The game remains a classic, featuring over 8 different race courses by sea. The courses range from a simple pond, to a frozen course called Glacier Bay. As you win each cup, the races get increasingly difficult. Although the game lacks some value, with only four racers to choose from, it still remains a staple for any N64 gamer.While many people stopped buying Nintendo 64 games for quite a long time, due to the Gamecube, and Playstation 2, it does run up a faster time than most video game that require CD-ROM technology. Get this one, and start wave running away.
There's nothing technically wrong with DKC3:DK'sDT.  I mean, it's a great platformer, but it has a tendancy to seem more like a chore than actual fun.  Dixie Kong returns front-and-center from her co-starring role in Diddy's Kong Quest, and nothing's changed about her.  That's good news because she can still whack enemies with her hair and glide like a helicopter.  That's bad news because she can't take-out some bigger enemies, so she needs the help of her overweight brat, Kiddy Kong.
Im sick to death of mario.  The ultimate best mario game is new Super Mario on DS.
Very good for the first 4 stages, but, after stage 4, you will be in Sigma's Fortress to defeat Vile, and believe me, this is the most frustrating stage I have ever played on any game! If you thought the first 4 stages were hard, you are in big trouble, because, after you defeat Vile, you have to go through hell just to make it to Boomer Kwanger and after Kwanger, you have to defeat the most frustrating boss of the stage, the Bobspider! Unless you love frustration, I would not reccommend this game, as it gets much harder to the point that you completely put the game down.
This game is one of the few games to really push the SNES's power. This and Donkey Kong Country are probably the best looking games ever on the system. That being said this is no wear near the arcade game. I mean no where near.The game retains the characters and moves, but the players smaller and moves are choppy. The back grounds are still pretty good looking, but the port lost a few stages. And none where 3D like the arcade. So smaller characters and choppier animation makes the game not seem whole. This being said, they really did everything they could with the system. The arcade KI I would give a 5star, but I can't do that for this port because I liked the arcade version so much. But the arcade version was over four times larger. If you get to an arcade with one, give it a go. I think you'll agree that that was one of the best fighters of the 90s. This is only a port of that, but style a good game.
Mortal Kombat, back in 1991, dominated the arcade scene and gave Street Fighter II a run for its money. So when news broke that it was coming out for the SNES and Genesis consoles, everyone rejoiced and the bragging rights for best version of this game was up for grabs. When the dust cleared, it was obvious each version had its pros and cons.For the SNES this was, for the most part, a faithful port of the arcade game. It had all the stages and the "Test Your Might" mini-games, the original music, the original characters plus the secret character and the end boss, Shang Tsung. The graphics were crisp and clear while the music sounded just like in the arcade game; controls were easy to get used like in the arcade game. However, the game came heavily censored; the blood was changed to look like sweat. Some of the fatalities were toned down considerably and replaced with "non violent" finishing moves (Kano, Sub Zero, Johnny Cage and Raiden.) They even went as far as to make sure you could not send anyone through the spikes at one stage that takes place on top of a bridge when you wanted to fulfill the requirement to fight the secret character, Reptile. The controls, while easy to get used to, were slightly changed from the arcade game and some of the basic moves were taken out entirely.So it was a major gamble for Nintendo that didn't pay off; the Genesis version, while regarded as inferior to the SNES version because of its fuzzy graphics and featured different music for the stages, had the gore and fatalities available as long as you entered a secret code. Sales wise, it beat out the SNES version as punishment for the backlash against Nintendo's family friendly policy.Pick this one up only for nostalgic reasons as Mortal Kombat II, is the sequel and better game and it came out fully uncensored.
I must admit I have never been a huge Mortal Kombat fan, I obtained this game from my brother not working when he was moving.  I got it working and played it at bit to my surprise no blood!  I personally could care less about this because honestly I never cared about the gore factor anyway.  Aside from that and I know for some this is a major buzz kill, the game looks great and moves are easy to pull off just like another reviewer said.  However two major down flaws your character's walks and jumps aren't very fluent.  Also it seems kind of slow I remember this game being a bit faster, the game looks wise is amazing however (given the time context and the original arcade version).  To be honest tho I remember this game in the arcades and not being a fan really I say this one is the best.  I have 2 and 3 on an arcade classic pack for Gamecube and the controls are pretty bad as well and the matches end fast.  So all and all if you have the patients for this game and you don't mind the no blood and some what shoty movements you will want this game.  As for me I mark it as just your average fighting game for it's time.  I would suggest over this game Street Fighter Turbo!
This features a totally different button configuration that people were used to with Street Fighter 2 games. It also offers some very intense fighting with blood, bone breaking moves and a single fatality for each of the seven kombatants. You play as Liu Kang, Sub Zero, Scorpion, Sonya Blade, Kano, Rayden and Johnny Cage, and fight your way up through a ladder tournament. Eventually fighting in a handicapped match against two people (one after the other), and working your way to the boss Shang Tsung who can take the form of anyone! However infront of Tsung awaits the four armed 8 foot tall bodyguard known as Goro, who is the biggest challenge of the game. Good luck! A huge downfall of the game for the SNES and Sega is that there are no fatalities, instead you need a special code to enable them.
This version of Mortal Kombat was a complete letdown to most fans,because of it's lack of blood and gore.That's not the only bad thing that this port had going for it.The gameplay was just awful! The character movements were very slow and could be very choppy.The Genesis version had SO much better gameplay compared to this.Most of the fatalities were changed to less graphic "finishing bonuses".Alot of the die hard MK fans were really pissed off about that too.Although I DID think that Sub-Zero's and Raiden's "Finishing Bonuses" WERE pretty cool.The two best things that this game has to offer are great graphics and really good sound/music.All the animations are here too.Everything from the floating clouds in the background's sky,to Shang Tsung clapping his hands,after a round is over.All the sounds are also included,that the Genesis version did not have.Overall...this is an okay version,if you can ignore the lack of blood n gore,the censored fatalities and the bad gameplay.If not,then stay with Genesis.
This game is a regular shooter with one great twist. The "bullet-time" innovation is a great addition to the Third-person-shooter genre. It allows your character to overcome odds that are stacked against you without body armor or superhuman powers. You take out bad guys in slow motion with your uzis or twin berettas, watching bullets whiz past you while your shots find their home.  The shots that miss hit the wall, producing splinters, or they hit bottles or mirrors, shattering them to pieces.  Bullet time is the highlight of the game.  It never gets old.But that's where the "greatness" ends.  The storyline is mediocre.  You just mow down the bosses lackeys, moving progressively on up the food chain until you kill the "big boss" at the end.  The game has good action but it has nothing besides that. There is only one way to solve every problem and most rooms have only one exit.  Go to room A, clear out the bad guys.  Go to room B, clear out the bad guys, etc, etc, etc.  There is no stealth whatsoever in this game.  The enemy AI has one setting -- "always aware".Worst of all, this is one of the shortest games that I have ever played - 12 hours, tops.  Replayability is almost nonexistent.  Each time that you replay the game, every item and enemy is in the same place.  (Too bad that this game is making all of the "game of the year" lists.  That means that all you have to do from now on is churn out 12-hour games with nice graphics and you have a blockbuster on your hands)My recommendation?  Wait until this one comes out in a jewel case.
Max Payne is like an exaggerated version of a typical no-brains action movie.  On one hand, the heightened action, the thrilling &quot;bullet-time&quot; innovation, and arsenal of weapons get your adrenalin pumping; on the other, incredibly bad stylistic choices prevented me from enjoying this game to the max.First, the plusses.  I am a *big* fan of John Woo's action movies, and Max Payne's action gameplay evokes them very well.  I had been suspicious of the &quot;bullet-time&quot; technique before playing the game, but it turned out to be pretty easy to use, and yes, it does look dead gorgeous.  Control of the character is pretty fluid, and your control over your jumps feels quite snug.  Just the look of the surroundings and the characters in-game is great, with beautiful lighting effects, explosions, and good detail.And now on to the problems...For a game that champions its stylistic conceits so vocally, Max Payne fails disastrously in the area of aesthetics.  True, the explosions and gunfights look good (though pretty damned violent), but why, oh why did they not bother to cast proper actors to play the characters?  When the characters are just drawn in computer, they look fine.  But whenever they use photo captures, such as during the drop-dead boring &quot;graphic novel&quot; sequences, all the characters look like they are either played by people in the development team and their friends, or they had found actors so bad, so thoroughly incapable of dramatic expression, that they look like people in a game development team.  Either way, Max Payne features the worst acting I've ever seen even in video games, and their image is equally atrocious:  &quot;Mona&quot; looks like a twentysomething neighbour rather than a mob hitwoman, and Max himself looks so much the dolt that it's a real drag playing as him.  Not to mention the fact that he CAN'T SHUT UP.  The comic-book aspect of the game's style is easily the worst idea they had.  By translating comic-book-style writing into direct voice-over, Max Payne shows just how bad comic-book writing is as a whole.  This stuff was never meant to be said out loud.  Of course, the writers (if you could call them that) were so enamoured with every syllable they had written, they used everything -- serving to bog down the one element of this game that works, which is the action.  And the graphic novel parts look just ridiculous, but take up about 30% of your gametime if you let them play out.  Comic books are very hard to take seriously, and when you try to mix this style with the melodramatic, dead-serious style of the John Woo movies this game emulates, you have an absolute stylistic disaster.  This was why when Max encounters his dead baby and wife, I actually burst out laughing.  The terrible acting and writing, served up in Hong Kong melodrama style, entirely sabotaged any engagement I might have had in Max's situation.The two &quot;drug sequences&quot; were actually a pretty neat idea, but they screwed it up by designing mazes and long, arduous &quot;puzzles&quot; that would make your eyes glue up, so unengaging and drawn out are they.  This game is very weak on the puzzle front.  Where games like Syphon Filter and Medal of Honor keep you interested by making sure you always know what your objectives are at any given point, in Max Payne, it's usually a matter of walking through the level and trying to use/shoot everything in sight in a trial-and-error attempt to find what the game developers want you to do next.  Sometimes you can find the right door, but you have to wait for the pesky enemies to open it for you.  And in terms of level design, you end up having to go back to old places so often that it's drop-dead tiresome.I enjoyed the action portions of this game immensely.  But it seems to me this development team only succeeded in creating half a good game.  If Max Payne were as &quot;gritty&quot; as some reviewers called it, and if they had bothered to hire real actors rather than cast everyone they know, and if they had good writers who were dramatists rather than comic-book doodlers, they probably would've had an absolute classic on their hands.  As it is, Max Payne is a technical breakthrough, but its aesthetics are so twisted around that it's impossible not to deride its shortcomings.
If u want a good shooter game, get Red Faction. I have a good pc so i wanted to save 10 bucks buying this game for pc instead of ps2. I thought it would be a good game. NOPE. Since u cant use a controller for this stupid game, i have to use the mouse and keyboard. when some1 attacks u from behind in ps2, u turn aronund and aim with the right analog, which is EXTREMEMLY easy and it always hits the spot. In this version, u turn around with the arrows (which are far away from the action buttons) and u have to aim with the mouse which is extrememly sensitive. I beat the first 3 levels before realizing that i cant do this without a controller. Rockstar could have done better, like they did with gta3, which is the best game.
Originally, I felt reluctant to compare Max Payne to Deus Ex, as the latter is such a superlative game as to make the comparison somewhat unfair. ... I offer this observation: Max Payne suffers greatly in comparison to Deus Ex, which is very much the better game.In fact, I'm surprised at the predominance of very positive reviews for Max Payne. I offer here a brief list of the games primary shortcommings.First of all, the interactivity of the game is virtually nonexistant.  Whereas the environments in Deus Ex were absorbing and interesting environments to examine and explore, the environments in Max Payne are just backgrounds, offering little more than wrapping for a simple, fixed game path.  See those boxes over there?  That desk?  Forget about them. There's nothing in them. Keep moving along and stop wasting time.  (Actually sometimes a certain type of wooden crate will have an item in it. Yay.)Where are the choices in Max Payne? The answer is that there simply are none. Deus Ex gives one so many choices that one gets lost playing with the game, seeing what is possible. Exploring the game becomes more important than the game itself. In Max Payne there might as well be a bright yellow line on the floor, because that's where you're going, like it or not.Even within the limited scope of the game, play becomes quickly repetitive. One quickly catches on to how things will go down around this corner, and the next, and the next, and so on.The A.I. sucks even more fun out of the game.  The characters go from completely clueless to completely omniscient the moment you cross the boundary into their space.  One second they are oblivious to your presence, but as soon as that hand grenade leaves your grasp, its "Hey it's Max Payne! Get him."The software itself is fairly flakey, which gave a bad impression almost immediately. Installation became entirely about what *I* had to do to get the game to run correctly.  I don't like jumping through hoops to get a $.. game to run.  Even after I satisfied all the requirements, stopping the game from crashing on exit still requires a "workaround" involving turning of the voice modem.I'll stop beating the dead horse and mention some positives now. There are several interesting things about the game, among which is the bullet time feature you have no doubt heard of.  It's a great idea. (Back to negatives: it never feels like you're able to fully integrate it into your game play.)  There are also some very interesting levels involving dream sequences, hullucinations and the like.  The graphic novel aspect was also interesting. Finally, the graphics were very nice, and the slo-mo cut sequences at the end of the battles were pretty cool as well. (Although they added to the predictability of the game.)Overall, the game did NOT live up to my expectations, but it was good enough to keep me punching in to see what the ending was like. (It was like the beginning and the middle.)  In hindsight, I should have played Deus Ex a third time instead of buying Max Payne.
If you are a PC gamer that does not enjoy linear games I would not recommend this title.  In other words, this is a game that involves little decision making and depends on a storyline to keep you hooked from chapter to chapter.  The storyline is a comic book tale about a cop become a vigilante to combat the evil drug dealers.  The in-between segments are even displayed as comic book panels and the main character, Max Payne, has a load of corny metaphors to go with every chapter.Some of the creative features put into this game stand out at first.  Perhaps the most impressive feature is the bullet time option that allows you to slow down time and gun down your enemies in a dramatic fashion.  If you've seen &quot;The Matrix,&quot; bullet time is the exact same thing in that movie.  It's new and interesting at first but not entertaining enough to keep you captivated throughout the game.No problem solving is required in this game.  The chapters are shoot 'em up segments from one to the next.  Even extra ammunition and health capsules are easy to find as you only need to open up a cabinet, shelf, etc. to find them.  The game allows you to interact with your environment by turning on faucets, blowing up television screens and other aspects that are entertaining at first but really have no point other than to &quot;oooh and awe&quot; you.If you shy away from violence or have kids to watch out for this game is not recommended.  The beginning sequence of the game shows Max Payne examining his murdered infant which I have to say was one of the few moments I thought a PC game overdid the violence in a game.  Some of the sub-bosses are slowed down and zoomed into as they are killed and falling to the ground.  I think critics of media violence often miss the point and are hypocritical but I have to say that this is one game that I could see justifiable reaction to the violence portrayed.An added bonus to this game is an online community that has created mods, skins and other programs to enhance your gaming experience with Max Payne. (Mods are alterations to the game that add extra levels, villains, etc.) I've seen stand-alone games with much more to offer in the mod department but the game does support it.  There is an online demo available that allows you to play the first part of the game.  Keep in mind that most of the game follows the same format as the demo which will allow you to decide if you'd like to purchase the game.  In my opinion, it's a game that is fun for younger players but is boring for the older PC gaming audience.  There are some unique gameplay aspects in Max Payne but not enough to make it worthwhile until the price drops.
F-Zero was the original mode-7 racing game for the Super Nintendo. Scrolling background layers give the illusion of a 3D track, and you pilot one of four vehicles across multiple courses.The game's lost quite a bit of shine, mostly because Super Mario Kart took everything Nintendo learned from this experience and improved on it, including adding a two-player mode. Pop this cartridge in and it's easy to see how this game was revolutionary back in the day, but now the backgrounds are bland and flat and the races seem rather slow. The trademark F-zero music is still intact, however.A decent game for collection purposes, but the GBA versions feel superior, not to mention the 3D NIntendo 64 and Gamecube sequels.
F Zero appears to have had one purpose: To demonstrate the Mode 7 graphical capabilities of the Super NES. Great Nintendo, mission accomplished. I can definitely tell that is a game of the SNES based on the OUTDATED  graphics. Now, what else does the game offer to a collector like me? Soundtrack? It is pretty good. Controls? They are a total tragedy. Content? You get to choose from 4 cars and like 6 tracks. Not very much, don't you think? What about the level of classic it is? I believe the Super NES had three launch titles, Pilotwings, Mario World, and then this. Mario World obviously stole the show, Pilotwings was a hit, and F Zero... I believe it got little attention outside of the graphics. Seriously, buy it if you like, but you should save your money and get one of the other launch titles.
Well, well... This was the first F-Zero game ever. Unfortunately, I didn't like this one very much, so I didn't play the other ones (F-Zero GX, F-Zero X...). Why didn't I like this game? Well, it's a pretty simple game.Graphics aren't good, the background is terrible. The race itself it's not funny, so it's not fun like in Super Mario Kart. The game, I believe, was a very fast racing game when it was released. But now, with the release of its sequel F-Zero GX for GCN, it doesn't look like you're riding a fast veichle, but looks like you're riding a turtle, because it gets really slow. There are some cars to choose, some racing circuits... The soundtrack is cool, but I prefer Super Mario Kart's too. Since it has no multiplayer mode, sooner or later you'll get sad of this game. Buy Super Mario Kart instead, if you want a good racing game for your SNES.
I mean, what Nintendo gamefreak doesn't?!?!? I've grown up with his games and continue to support Nintendo, however, I will start to write this review.Beware, I will be brutally HONEST about this game. Super Mario Kart, as you should know, is Mario's debut in a racing game. He along with Peach, Luigi, Yoshi, DK Jr., Bowser, Koopa and Toad, will race to the finish line.This game is very fun if you are playing with another player say for instance, in battle. I honestly found that to be the most fun part of the game. However, being me, (note I don't have the game, I've played it several times though) I usually am stuck playing a game by myself because my little bro doesn't play with me and my older bro usually doesn't have any taste whatsoever in gaming like I do! It [is too bad] but that's life. Sorry about giving you a little TOO much backround but, I indeed had a point. That point is playing alone is fun too, but the CPU AI is quite unbelievable and may leave you trying over and over to beat the Star Cup (if you can even get there), or wanting to break the damn game.Overall, it's an approachable game, BUT i warn you now, if you are looking for a easier racing game, don't bother with this one!
BOY was Super Mario Kart a popular game back in the day.  "Mario is now racing!  Along with all his friends!" was the thing people were saying to each other in my middle school.  Of course the Sega fans weren't saying that- they could care less about the game or anything to do with Nintendo and all of Nintendo's fans!Let's move forward to the year 2004.  Is it still a good game?  Yes, but in my opinion, ONLY on 2-player mode.  I think the 2-player battle mode (where you defeat your opponent by hitting them with turtle shells) is quite fun and the main reason to own the game.The thing is, I don't see ANY of my high school friends anymore.  I'm all alone now, so none of those friends come over anymore to play the battle mode with me.  I'm forced to play the game by myself, and as a 1-player game, Super Mario Kart just isn't very good.  Too many awesome racing games have come along since Super Mario Kart, including the newer Super Mario Kart on the Gamecube (which I haven't played, but I can only assume is MUCH better on 1-player mode).  What I'm trying to say is that the 1-player options don't really have anything interesting about them.However, Super Mario Kart was pretty fun when I was younger.  And, you know, it probably remains a total blast to play on 2-player.  But if you have no one to play the game with... you better not get it.
Super Mario Kart is a good game, the first to use iconic characters. The issue is that the controls and dated 3D make the game kind of hard to operate. It was hard to turn corners with a D-pad, so I used a joystick (on the Wii's classic controller). It was just as hard. The camera stayed right behind the kart and never shifted, making it even harder. The good news is that if you have Mario Kart DS, Wii, or 7 they have updated some of the SNES tracks.
Not a huge fan of this game.  Too hard for the children to enjoy, and I got bored quickly.  If you get hit, baby Mario gets knocked off your back and you have limited time to recover him or you die.
I think the repetitive level design and the fact that it can be frustratingly difficult at times definitely take away from this unneeded sequel that doesn't even feature the title character. Still, It's not that bad of a game overall, It just lacks some much needed originality.
The storyline in the game is great.  The graphics, amount of challenge, and gameplay is also great.  What's NOT great is the music.  The fact that the same theme has to keep popping up whenever the screen switches to the turn/based battle screen is annoying to me.  I HATE that theme song.  You can't avoid it either, unless you turn the volume on the television down.I also hate the game because of bad memories connected to it.  The game was released during a time I truly didn't care about life.  That memory is still connected to the game, unfortunately.  Don't let MY negativity stop you from buying this supposed classic, though.  It has a friendly Bowser, and no Luigi.  Odd, but true.
When a phenomenon as big as Pokemon was, you'll always find the companies trying to cash in as quick as they can and get the most money. So many Pokemon-related stuff coming out: cereal, plush toys, band-aids, and games of course. Here we have a different approach to the Catch-em-All tagline: you take their picture. It's fun, neat and short.Story: You don't play Pokemon games for their story but essentially Pokemon professor and researcher Oak wants pictures taken of the Pokemon so you hop in his vehicle and travel different areas to do it. Pretty simple, no?Graphics: This is in the N64 days so it's not incredibly detailed but it does its job well although you might find like the Simpsons, Pokemon look odd in 3D.Sound/Music: Unlike the Gameboy games, the characters actually say their name for once which is a good plus. Music was ok but nothing hummable, like most Pokemon music.Gameplay: The pictures you take are ranked in basic areas: how close they are to camera and not extreme close-up or faraway either; whether they're in the middle of the frame, if they're doing a special pose and if there's more of them in frame. To get the poses you have 3 basic moves: using your Poke-flute which could make them dance or maybe fall asleep, bait to get them closer to camera or a ball which basically gets them mad. Some also can net you a great photo such as one level, if you knock Pikachu off a balloon and you do something else you can get Pikachu to ride Articuno for extra bonus.One complaint is the fact that you'll often re-try levels cause your machine is just too damn fast. Trying to take a picture of a creature when you need so much prep time isn't the best thing. You'd have to have incredibly good aim for many things too. Another complaint is that there's only around 60-65 Pokemon....out of 151?(This is pre Gold-Silver games). Some of my favorites from the games are not even in here like I don't think I saw one Eevee or its evolutions in the game.Having an interest in photography I can appreciate a game like this but photography in a lot of cases is about patience. Waiting for that perfect moment before you click and riding that machine just quite frankly sucks but if you're into Pokemon, try it out(if you can find it still).
Considering this game is used and cheap now for a retired system, I'd recommend a purchase just to see a type of gameplay that Nintendo never tried again. You are a photographer, and have been hired by Professor Oak to document Pokemon living in the wild. You ride through levels on a fixed track, snapping photos. You have a few items at your disposal to help spur the Pokemon into different actions, which racks up better photos and more points. The graphics are somewhat average, but the Pokemon animate well. Controls are easy to master.So yeah it's very different and very fun, but in the end much too short. You have six levels and a bonus seventh level (that really isn't much of a level), but you see less than half of the original 151 Pokemon. Getting better photos gives the game some replay value, but you can basically see everything in a weekend. But like I mentioned above, it's cheap now, and the novelty makes it worth a buy for fans and non-fans alike.
Pokemon Snap lets you take photos of wild Pokemon. The Pokemon are cute and it can be a fun challenge to get them to do something entertaining... but after a while the game gets kind of boring. I went through the river course 5 times and still have not unlocked anything. The game is set up like one of those arcade rides. You ride in a car on a preset path through the Pokemon's world. I was a little upset that the ride went so slow, but I guess it was like that so that it would be easier to take photos. The Pokemon did interesting things. I fed one too many apples and it exploded (it was an electric pokemon). I shot an apple that hit a lizard Pokemon on the head and caused him to fall in the lava. After the ride Professor Oak judges the photos. He is kind of annoying and has an awful voice. Almost every one of my Pokemon photos were rejected by him because they were not big enough and in the middle of the frame. After half an hour I wanted to throw my controller at him and tell him to shut up. Overall, this is game is not half bad. Taking and saving photos of cute Pokemon is somewhat addicting, even with some minor flaws.Graphics- C+: This is the Nintendo 64. The pokemon are accurate enough, but a game over a decade old is not going to look very good.Sound- D: The sound is rather dorky, but again, this is the Nintendo 64.Replay Value- B: I come back to courses to get a good photo. Photos are savable and sharable on the Wii, so I like sending them to friends.
The game wasn't as good as the first one.  Plus, it didn't have the same feel and architecture that the first one did, which made the second installment in the spyro trilogy a little non-spyro.  It's as if the designers were trying to get away from the first one instead of creating a different game but going for the original roots, which I hoped they would do, yet they didn't.  Plus some of the minigames can be annoying and some parts are a lot more frustrating than the first one.  The first one was great, a little challenging yet easy to beat, and plus it was highly addictive.  I'd say that the only good things about the second one is the graphics, which are excellent, and plus certain mini games, (CERTAIN, CERTAIN, NOT ALL.) Anyways, the game is worth the money, but it's still not as good as the first.
This was Super Nintendo's cross between a Final Fantasy RPG game and a Zelda type RPG game. To start with the graphics are very basic, it looks more like it could be a Nintendo game (not SNES), and the plotline is simplistic going to different areas to defeat a big boss and get an item that lets you go to the next area. Simple isn't it? But then the real worthwhile part about this game is its originality, you can jump in the game, you can cut down trees with your axe, blow up walls with your bombs and climb walls with your claws. Another interesting part is that you can see the enemies as characters on the overhead map! So you can run into them and fight them, but then rather than fighting them like Zelda, it takes you to a battle screen like a true RPG. Something else is that rather than a real overhead map of the world where you explore, you start at an area which gives you four choices of where to go, up down left and right. You select the path and the hero will take that path automatically, no monsters or anything! The monsters are all inside of the areas, towns, caves and caverns.
Two ways that are comparable in principle to this game and FF7. Both are easy games to complete and feature nice lengthy quests (well, this is decent for its time -- 15-25 hours), but it's the maturity level that makes them different.Being a college film student who isn't one trying to get into film to make more "Dude, Where's My Car?" type movies, I'm one for the cinematic and dramatic flairs. FF7 is a great game to introduce people into the world of RPG's with, but like the ESRB knew, it isn't a game to play when young. It's heartbreaking, and full of killing; both good and bad. This game here is more of the innocent story with very simplistic locations, interface, story and dialogue.However, if you're a seasoned RPG veteran who's used to FFX and such, don't expect much from this game. It'll just be a shallow set of battles and treasure chests where you'll gain little more than just saying that you beat another RPG in the world. The graphics were no better than FF4 in most respects, the battle system and interfaces as simplistic as one can comprehend (apart from the jumping, which helps you with some really complex mazes), and there is vurtiously no character development.However, keeping with the Final Fantasy tradition (until FFIX, or maybe VIII), the music is phenomenal in almost every way, which is something that to me alone adds tons of replay. Play 15 hours of monster-killing with a cool soundtrack every year or two; sounds cool, huh? Also, if you're interested in every buying RPG Maker or one of those professional RPG makers, this is a good style of game to make as a first entry.This game has charm as it's more simplistic than even the most imaginative person can imagine. Weak entry to the series? You'd better believe it!! However, my rating more reflects when this was one of the only games I had to play, and with it being so, I came to appreciate it. -- Besides, it has a plot at all, unlike some of Square's slightly more recent titles like Legend of Mana and Chrono Cross; just don't expect anything remotely that of Kingdom Hearts, Front Mission 3 or the more professionally made Final Fantasy's.
I've never been able to enjoy the Final Fantasy series as much as most people.  The storyline is quite big and the turn based action is decent, but it just leaves me underwhelmed when the game is finally over.  In Final Fantasy II, the graphics aren't that great.  Even when the game was popular the graphics never looked that great, in my opinion.  I don't know, everyone loves Final Fantasy and I guess I have no choice but to recommend it to any fan of RPGs.  Just remember that better graphics have come along since the early 90's, and featuring better-looking graphics is the best direction an RPG game can take.
Lets get something strate first:  This game is REALLY Final Fantasy IV!!!  The ONLY reason it's called Final Fantasy II is because Final Fantasy II &amp; III for Nintendo never came to the US!  So Nintendo decided to just skip those numbers so no one would feel like their missing out on something!  With that said Final Fantasy II way a good addition to the SNES library!  Although there was some cencoring done to the language, and even though some questionable sceans were cut, it was one of Super Nintendo's best games!  But if you have a Playstation too, just get Final Fantasy Chronicles and get the uncencored vertion!
This is the first star fox game and its not like the others. It was fun back then but now its bad. The graphics r horrible even for the snes, the sound is messed up, it does not have a good story, its VERY HARD, and the controls r hard to use. Yes its the one of the first game on the snes but its not very good. Its still kind of fun to play when u have nothing else to do.
Starfox is an mediocre space shooter. It is not bad or anything, but it has become rather dated. The graphics were a revolution for the Super NES, as Starfox was one of the first 3D games and the first to use the Super FX chip, which boosted the processor of the Super NES and somehow upgraded the graphics to what looks like (although I am not certain) 32-bit. But in the middle of 2012 with the brand new HD Wii-u launching and jawdropping Playstation games coming out, the graphics are pretty poor. Not that I expected a game from 1993 to look good, I am just pointing that out. The actual gameplay is to pilot the Arwing around and shoot everything in your path. It is, by far, epic, but that is about all there is to the game. The plot is shallow and the game is rather short. So overall, even with epic music and shooting, Starfox did not live up to what I thought it would be. It is a rather interesting piece to my Super NES collection because of the FX chip and 3D visuals, but the actual game is kind of weak.
Considering the high price of the game (and having never played a Final Fantasy game), I decided to download this on Wii. Up until the issue started, I loved the beautiful game. The storyline was plain beautiful. It was all about magic and technology colliding, rebels trying to squash the evil empire, and a helpless girl who was enslaved. The graphics, while appearing to be basic, became quite advanced after a while. The music was triumphant and bold, fitting the game perfectly. However, Nintendo or Square altered the VC port. The save feature was completely removed, and I could not save at all. What was their excuse? It was "You can now use the software suspension feature", which basically means you can exit the game and it will pause until you come back. However, if for some reason the game is cut off without suspending (either by upset brothers or power surges) you get to start the RPG all over. On the final boss when the power goes out? Back to being enslaved in the beginning. Also, the game is difficult. I don't mind the difficulty level at all, but if I get a single Game Over it goes right back to the opening credits. How does Nintendo expect me to beat a long, challenging, and very complicated RPG without dying? Now I have three options:1. I will have to buy the original copy for $40 to $1000 dollars (most likely)2. I will have to play the updated "3D" port on DS (somewhat likely)3. I will have to download the same "3D" remake now overpriced and on a touchscreen tablet. (unlikely)I don't mean to bring the ratings down at all, I just want to warn about the VC ripoff.
All the mortal Kombat games are awesome save 3 which sucks and it the cheapest of the bunch.  The AI in these games is nothing but cheap, stupid and pointless.  No matter how good you are at these games the AI is magically better.  You can beat them to danger then they magically don't die and can trow you in your mid sweep or uppercut WTF!?!?!?!?  The player cannot do that?? When you jump they knock you down, if you jump ten times they knock you down ten times and they punch you over and over till you die, they are nothing but cheap predictable losers, just like Midway if you played the MKvsDC trash.
If Chrono Trigger is widely considered the best turn based RPG ever, I guess there's no argument to say otherwise.  Certainly no argument from me given the limited amount of experience I have with these type of games, but keep in mind I hate turn based RPGs.  I avoided them like the plague during my Super NES obsession 20 years ago.  I think the combat stinks because you have to take hits to actually *deliver* hits during combat (hence the "turn based" part of the genre) and the storyline is usually overlong, elaborate and exceptionally grand and elegant in a phony/uninteresting kind of way.  The presentation is the same unbearably pretentious way.  If this were a movie I'd get completely lost or uninterested in a matter of minutes and would shut it off, but for the sake of a video game with a reputation as being the best ever and a can't miss title, I decided to keep going.Chrono Trigger's storyline is enticing and lures me in during the first half but then other characters get thrown into the story such as Schala, Melchior, Janus and Prophet and it turns extremely confusing in a hurry.  The game should have continued the pace it had in the first half with the robot (really incredible that I actually feel sympathy for a robot in a video game of all places, but the game manages to make me feel bad for him), and even though I hate that a frog is part of the characters since it just seems totally silly to take an amphibian seriously, he's at least sometimes memorable.  Ayla's indiscernible english is a chore to read for the player (added worse by her frequent appearances throughout the quest, ugh).  Marle is confusing in the beginning which probably should have been taken as an indication that this game was going to be difficult to follow from a storyline perspective.  I guess she's a princess?  And she's several other people too?  Who really knows.Magus is supposed to be the bad guy but then a character named Lavos comes out of nowhere and I get lost.  Right when Glenn and Cyrus appear that's when the confusion escalates and loses me to the point that I was never able to recover.  The truth is, a video game storyline needs to be kept short and simple for me to understand.  Chrono Trigger is the exact opposite of that.  It's cool if you guys like it though.  I won't knock the game and give it a low rating just because I have trouble understanding sophisticated storylines in video games.  This is a fault of mine- not the game.  But perhaps the worst aspect is all the time travelling.  NOW I'm totally lost.  I can't keep track of all the past, present and future events that take place.  Knowing exactly what to do with a mess of timeline portals has to result in me using a FAQ to figure out.Do they still create turn based RPGs these days?  I can't bother to keep up with video games like I did when I was a kid.  I like the magic spells with the lightning, fireballs, icecube attacks, etc.  These are fun to watch and were really impressive back in the mid 90's.  Anyway a 3-star rating is fair.  This has to be the best turn based RPG I've ever played given it's only the second one I've ever played (Super Mario RPG being the other).  Take that for what it's worth.
I bought a Super Nintendo especially just for this game when it came out back in around 1993. It was the coolest game at the arcades at the time and just about every young boy to teenagers wanted a home port of this game. Street Fighter II and Mortal Kombat changed video game fighting games forever, introducing standards for special moves, combinations, graphics and even the way it sounds overall. In it's day, this game and Mortal Kombat 1 where the #1 games on any boys xmas list.It did soon change as Street Fighter II champion Edition, Hyper Edition came to the arcades. So Sega consoles got champion edition, and it revved up the whole Nintendo vs Sega debates, but then Snes got Turbo edition, which was both Champion Edition and Hyper edition in one. No one really played Champion edition, they stuck to hyper, especially with a cheat to enter the Capcom Code and play it at 10 star speeds. Pretty much like what happened to this game, it was good in it's day, but fell victim to upgrades. If it's not for collectors purposes I can't see what anyone would buy this original version over it's later updates... unless it's to see just a couple of moves that where not transported over the next versions... which is mostly just a few light moves on some chars that you never used, and a couple of Zangief's holds that you never even noticed where taken out of champion edition and so forth.I really got out of the whole Street Fighter thing around the time of Super SFII Turbo. I have had very little interest in the Anime styles it's gone towards since in Alpha versions. Plus I cant keep up with them, there must be a million different versions of SF games by now. But, this is where it all started. And this is the true SF game that is responsible for all those clones of this game. But nothing compares to SSFII. It has since breathed new life again on the Game-boy advance. I cant remember what it's called, but it's pretty much the same with some new extras included, and Akuma. But Super SFII was a remake and redesign of this game, so if you want original looking graphics, or to see what it was like when it all began, then check this game out.It was the Snes versions that dominated the market in SFII sales for home consoles. Pretty much all due to Sega's crappy controller layouts.I have not played it yet, but there is a game on PS2 called Hyper Street Fighter II Anniversary Edition or something like that. Apparently you can choose between original, champion, and Super Street Fighter II games... a couple of reviews say the coding isn't quite right, but I hope to bring you a review about that game soon.
Before you fanatics about this game send me hate mail like you might for all those who give this game lower than three stars, hear me out.I found many downers in this game, but to soften the blow, I will elaborate on the plusses first.Okay, you want the ultimate drawing board idea for a battle sequence?  Well, here you go; the whole blueprint for the interface is brilliant.  Also, I will agree that all those that say the plot is either lacking or just plain awful are wrong!  I thought that the plot was exellent, esspecailly considering the size of the game.  I also liked the movie like music, and the graphics, esspecially the cinemas, are superb.However, I think that the gameplay was butchered, even worse than that of Shadow Madness.  Also, the navigation is hard with the background camera angles, the walking and running are slow, and the bosses are too hard unless you've mastered the ability of the tool (I have not).  Lastly, I will also state that after liking the music, I got the soundtrack, and found it to be hightly lacking in overall originality in composistion.  While highly movie like, it had almost no purely listening only qualities.Let's just finish off by saying that this game should have become one of the movies that Square Pictures is going to make (after the FF movie), but as a game on top of the extrordinatry cinematic aspects, I found it missing some.
R.P.G.+Survival Horror = parasite eve, this game has the most amazing concept I have ever heard of. It's a shame that it's flaws hold it back from being so much more than it is. First of all running (if you can even call it that) around this g game is a pain i swear to god you go so slow It's ridiculous. I really hated the random encounters in the game at first they were fun then it just pissed me the hell off. The story is very engaging and very exciting. The music is agrevating as hell at the fast travel OH MY GOD IT'S SO ANNOYING! Overall I would say it's great for the price i got it dor on psn $6.99$
Truthfully, I really want to be able to recommend this game.  It's not as though there's not a lot here to recommend--the story is well written, and though it doesn't stray TOO far from the well-beaten RPG path, it does break some new ground.  The battle system, while not revolutionary, is at least workable.  More than anything, I got around forty hours of solid enjoyment out of this title.The only problem is that it took me sixty hours to finish the game, and it's those other twenty that get in the way of my giving an unconditional recommendation.  There are a lot of ways to screw up a game.  You can poorly design the levels, you can write a broken combat progression, you can blow the ending--the list is pretty well endless.  One way that I never thought I'd witness, however, is simply not finishing the thing.  This game is not done.  There is no other way to put it.All the way up through the end of the first CD, things cruised along nicely.  Then, all of a sudden, the world map disappeared.  That's the only way I can think to put it.  Whereas before I had been able to control where my characters went and explore the environments, now I was forced to sit through rather uninteresting sequences featuring one of the lead characters sitting in a wicker chair and telling me what I supposedly just did.  The ONLY interaction between the game and the player through that second CD consists of fighting the boss battles that it unceremoniously thrusts you into.That is a terrible, criminal sin of game design.  You are allowed to put the plot on a rail if you want, but you DO NOT get to take away any ability the player may have had to control the game or interact with the world.  At that point, your "game" ceases to be a game and becomes an experiment in button pushing.  I don't mind exposition, but I do expect to have some control over my own fate when the speech gets done.  If you take that away from me, I get angry, and this game made me VERY angry.There are other problems here as well.  By Square standards, the localization is dismal.  While it's not as incomprehensible as, say, Okage, there are still some pretty serious mistakes in the English script.  Is it just me, or is it reasonable to expect that the people localizing my game for me know that the word is "should've"--not "should of."  Mistakes like that are strewn throughout the game text, and I must admit that it detracted a little bit from my ability to enjoy the experience.  Of course, as the game progressed, those errors got worse.  Around halfway through the second CD, the script writers were dropping words by the twos and threes.  Now, that didn't throw me SO much, since I normally read like that anyway, but for people who, you know, like to have all the words, this could be a problem, particularly coming from Square--a house made famous in part by its great localization efforts.The plot is a little bit more adult than you're likely to find with other games in the genre.  Indeed--any parents out there who might be concerned with their children reading thinly veiled discussions of pedophile priests and cartoon buttocks would be well advised to avoid this title.  It's really pretty standard anime/manga fare on the whole, but, strangely enough, you don't see much of that in the video game industry, so the game manages to be unique and interesting.  Of course, the religious references could use some work.  I know from Dogma that Metatron is the recording angel (and that's pretty obscure), but I find it difficult to believe that somebody who hasn't been through seminary is going to be able to appreciate all of the parallels that this plot has with the Christian faith.On the whole, this game is ALMOST incredible.  Had it stayed in production for another year, it might have made it all the way there.  Unfortunately, the product that we're left with is unfinished, with some incredibly serious problems near the end (for example, what is the point of letting me run around all over the world map and collect all these great pieces of character gear if the last dungeon is a GEAR dungeon?).  As it stands, RPG faithful and anybody willing to overlook the game's faults should find an interesting experience, but I wouldn't recommend it to anybody who's not a member of one of those niche groups.  We can only hope that Xenosaga (NOT a prequel, as most would have you believe), due out early next year in the U.S., avoids the mistakes that hold this title back.
Xenogears is an odd game that manages to both excel and fail horribly at the same time.GRAPHICS / VISUALSFor the time it came out in, the graphics are decent.  When exploring sometimes becomes difficult to navigate when underground though, becuase the low-res washed out "rock/earth" textures all blur together making it difficult to tell if something is a wall, or has something you can jump onto, etc.  Also, while the game allows you to move the camera, it's just a token gesture since you can't change the elevation or distance.  Oftentimes you'll be completely unable to see the character as he goes between two tall buildings or things like that.The game features some anime cutscenes which are, unfortunuately, mostly worthless.  They're well drawn, but are often nothing more than something like 2 characters staring at eachother for 5 seconds; with the exception of the ending almost no plot ever happens during them.The combat visuals, however, are great for its time.  The characters do more than just move up and swing a sword.  You can chain different moves together (and learn deathblows, which are powerful combinations) that are usually visually appealing.  For instance, a character will run up, punch, jump in the air and do a sping kick, sweep the enenmy as they land and then finish off with a headbutt.GAMEPLAYWhile the combat graphics are nice for its era, it also makes the battles take too long (and boy are they frequent, often 1 random encounter/ 2 seconds of movement).  It's like final fantasy summons all over again, making each combat last minutes upon minutes...even when you fight the enemies from level 1 when you're level 60 it still takes forever.There is a bit of load time anytime you change rooms/go into your character menu etc. Very annoying.My 2 biggest complaints are:The dialogue is waaaaaaay too slow.  There is a lot of excessive dialogue, a lot of repetition, and it comes on the screen so slow you'd think a 4-year old child was typing it.  Sometimes you will have to go through an hour and a half worth of this only to get to a difficult part in the game, die, and have to go through all of that dialogue again without the chance to save in between.Secondly, as many reviews here have pointed out, the 2nd disc is drastically different.  I thought people were exaggerating; they were not.  It happens suddenly.  Exactly at the point you put the second sic in, most exploration is taken away from you.  A character literally sits in a chair and tells you what happened.  It becomes 1 hour of dialogue, then fight.  2 hours of dialogue, then fight, etc.  You get to explore again though right before the very last dungeon.CHARACTERS / STORY / PLOTThis is where the game is good...for the most part.In typical squaresoft fashion (or is it just all Japanese RPGs?) the main character is fairly UNlikable.  He's whiny, immature, a jerk even though he means well, and at times a bastion of self-sacrifice and purity in the name of good willing to risk everything for some small good and pulling it off through rediculous Deus Ex Machina.Fortunately, in typical squaresoft fashion, the supporting cast is well done.  There's a suprising depth to most of the characters, above and beyond most games I've seen.  Most are mature, and the game itself brushes with some mature topics of innosence, when is war right/justified, the cost of it and what its worth to end one.The story is a bit overlarge.  It's good, but needed an editor to trim it down a bit as it just gets too big for its britches by the end of the game.Overall I enjoyed the game.  I'm glad to have played it, but some of the gameplay problems means I have no desire to ever play it again.
As the N64 has finally gone the way of the dodo, we are only left to think how better a system this could have been.  I never really was a fan of the N64 when it was first released, most of the games just seemed to childish (I mean its Nintendo for God's sake).  From the start the system didn't have much third party support other than Electronic Arts and Acclaim, but as time went on the system's library grew thanks to some quality first party games, and eventually the system got the third party support it needed to survive.  However, there are a lot of cons to this system.  Games for the system cost surprisingly expensive, even the supposed "Players Choice" games were expensive.  The graphics on every game suffer from a certain "fog" effect, not to mention the graphics can be blurry as well.  The sound quality isn't anything special compared to the CD-quality sound systems of other CD-based video game systems (for example: in the N64 Tony Hawk 2 version, songs are only played for a certain time, where as in every other version they are played out in their entirity).  However, the system had some good qualities: it was the first system to have four controler ports built into the system, and with the cartridge based format, there was no loading time.  On the other hand, there are only a handful of titles I would consider "must-haves", and they are Super Mario 64, Mario Kart 64, Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, Resident Evil 2, the two Zelda games, Shadows of the Empire, 1080 Snowboarding, WWF No Mercy, and Conker's Bad Fur Day.  Other than those games, everything else was just average.  All in all, the N64 wasn't a bad system at all, it was just too little too late.
This game is just okay. I still enjoy it but its really dated now. It screams for some sort of real single player mode or a 3D campaign where you could actually walk around and do battles but for what it is its a lot of fun and is one of the last games to host the original 250 or so before they started adding more.There are also fun, although limited, mingames that you can play and you can also import your pokemon from one of the original Pokemon Red and Blue games.Its a lot of fun, although without playing it you may want to try Pokemon Stadium 2 as it has more Pokemon in it
This game's main plot is literally none existant. The funniest parts in my opinon was the mini-games and I suppose fighting the elite four. The other modes I did not enjoy as much but if you prefer the Pokemon games on the handhelds then this makes trading and locating Pokemon that you missed if you are just that big of a pokemon collector.
I have loved Pokemon before the &quot;Pokemon hype&quot; began. I got information about the show on the internet, and watched it when it first came out. I got Pokemon cards for fun before people started collecting them, and going nuts over them. This game is affordable (if you get it used), and fun, especially for Pokemon fans. I love the strategy of Pokemon, and I probably always will, even though I have drifted from the show as I got older.The strategy of pokemon is of the elements of Earth. For example, fire creatures have the advantage over water creatures, due to the fact that when fire touches the grass it burns. Also, electric creatures have the advantage to water creatures because water conducts electricity. Another example, fire has the advantage over ice because when fire goes near ice, the ice begins to melt because of the head.Pros:1) Great Strategy2) Great for children learning about the elements of earth3) Fairly good graphics4) You can connect this with Pokemon Red + Blue (if you buy the transfer pak)Cons:1) Many pokemon do not appear in the rental section (not many though)2) Only can connect with Pokemon Blue or Red, not any other versions of Pokemon Game Boy games.
this game is pretty much the same thing as the arcade version yawn.In fact there is nothing different about the dreamcast version or the arcade version.It was fun in the arcade but anybody who has played crazy taxi in the arcade will find the dreamcast version very boring.For people who have not played crazy taxi at the arcade i would strongly reccomend it but only in that situation.
The game is fun but gets repetitive pretty fast.
As a fan of the Baldur's Gate series, I decided to give Icewind Dale (IWD) a try.  Unfortunately, Black Isles did not strike gold twice.  While Icewind Dale is a carbon copy of their excellent Baldur's Gate games in many ways, it lacks the personality that make the BG series great.IWD actually has a number of things in its favor.  The character creation system is very rich, allowing you to customize your party of six in true D&D; fashion.  Also, there is a long list of abilities, spells, and equipment that you'll run across, as well as visually appealing environments, solid voice acting, and compelling music.  Some of the dungeons can be genuinely creepy, and there's a sense of accomplishment once you clear one out.Unfortunately, the game is deeply flawed.  IWD is a bit too hard, even for a person who has some experience with RPG dungeon-crawling.  Even worse, it's an artificial toughness designed to lengthen the game by requiring you to repeatly reload saved games.  Your characters will die countless times, and this simply can't be avoided.  And since your cleric will not be able to resurrect dead party members until late in the game (Raise Dead scrolls are expensive too), you will not be able to continue the game with dead characters.  It's really a shame that the developer did not pace the game better, since it's going to turn off a lot of people from the very beginning.If you can get beyond the tedium and frustration of having to save the game every 2 minutes (and reload it almost as often), the gaming experience is still rather uninspired.  The story is lackluster and cliche.  There is none of the banter between party members that made Baldur's Gate so fun.  All of this together becomes mind-numbing after a while, since the game profoundly lacks a sense of purpose or narrative power.  It's all really unfortunate since some effort obviously went into creating the game.Ultimately, if you haven't played Baldur's Gate, by all means play it (both BG1 & BG2). If you've already tasted the glory of the Baldur's Gate series, then IWD will probably be a disappointment.Pros:+rich D&D; character creation+good voice acting and music+wide range of spells, items, etc.Cons:-unnecessarily tedious and difficult-lackluster story-Baldur's Gate clone without the personality
What did I miss here? This is not a great game at all. It is above average, and that is about it, unless you think that good cosmetics like graphics and sound effects are all that's needed to make a great game.In case you weren't aware, this game uses a real-time action system, where you issue orders to the characters and they perform them all simultaneously with your enemies, in real-time. It adds a realistic element to combat that turn-based combat doesn't have. However, the real-time combat system isn't all that it's cranked up to be. Let's just say that it's a royal pain. It's impossible to manage your characters without babysitting them and pausing the game every five seconds to issue a new order. So, although it might be more realistic, it isn't any more exciting.  I had a lot more fun playing turn-based "Fallout" than I did playing Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale.  If you don't know what the word "micromanage" means, you will find out playing this game.Another drawback to this game is that it is almost a pure brute force game. Slash and hack. Don't get me wrong, I love my fantasy violence as much as the next guy, but it should be mixed in with some problem-solving too. Icewind Dale has almost none of that. If you like that stuff, on the other hand, then you might like this game even more.The worst part about this game though, is that the "fight, die and reload routine" is frustrating. You know that routine. You keep saving your game and playing an encounter over and over until you win. In Icewind Dale, this routine consists of...1. Entering a room guarded by beasts too powerful for your party to defeat(as an added twist for fun, the game sometimes puts your magic user at the front of the marching order when you enter a new room).2. Getting slaughtered.3. Loading your most recent saved game.4. Repeating steps 1-3, preparing for battle a little different each time and hoping that your luck is different. Eventually, you win.5. Immediately clicking "save". I hope that you like saving your game often, because you will find out how badly you really do need to do it. Icewind Dale has a lot of "fight, die, and reload".There are other little problems in this game as well. One of them is the automatic pathfinding function. You would think that in this day and age, someone could make a game where if you click a point on the map the game can figure out the quickest way to get there. Not so. You will find this especially annoying in combat, when you want one of your priests to heal someone, and you find him wandering around the room because of the lousy pathfinding function.But, like I said, I am satisfied with this game.  The visual and sound effects are truly stunning.  I usually don't care about this stuff, but it adds so much to the game (especially spellcasting) that it is worth mentioning.  If you have ever wanted to know what a magical ice storm, fireball, or noxious stinking cloud looks like, you'll get to see it here.  Icewind Dale is a game that is fun, but it is not addictive.
I was surprised by the quality of this game. I played this in December 2002, and it was much better than I though. Sure, the graphics engine is getting a little old, especially compared to games such as Dongeon Siege. However, I was still surprised that a game of this age looked so good.What isn't great however, is the lack of a manual. In fact, I wondered whether the contents of my box were incomplete, but apparently that is not the case. This severely limits the game. This simply isn't acceptible. If there was a manual, I would have rated this game at least one star higher than I did.That would make 4 stars, so why not 5? Well, there are some issues that keep the game from receiving a top rating (aside from the graphics). I do not like how the inventory is managed. It is very hard to see whether a weapon or armory is better than the one you currently have.Also, the path finding sometimes isn't great. All the members of your party go one way, while one of them gets lost. He/she will catch up ultimately, but it simply is annoying. Also, sometimes you try to get out the door but can't because the leading member of the party is blocked by other party members. The same happens when you try to talk to people.Addition: I now found the manual on the CD. This makes things a little better, but I still think it is a farce that a game like this doesn't ship with a printed manual.Unfortunately, the manual failed to explain some of the questions I had, and some of the oddities I couldn't figure out work just like I thought but are just a bit cumbersome. For instance, it is not a lot of fun to purchase a piece of armory for 5000 gold pieces just to figure out it is actually worse than the one you had before, forcing you to sell it again for 200 gold pieces. But I guess that's just how the old AD&D; rules were...
Thankfully, I didn't waste much money on it.  My seller was alright and everything was there, including the cool cloth map.  However, I had problems.  For one thing, it took me the longest time to level up, even with all the sidequests.  For another, the enemies were too blasted difficult, the magics tended to backfire in the worst way.  I would face a wolf with a paladin, a druid, a cleric, and a bard.  You would think that the druid would be about as strong as a wolf, but no, my first druid got killed of by a couple of goblins.  Then I fired a burning hands at point blank range on these wolves and it killed my full-hp paladin, while barely scratching the wolf.  My paladin has 10 or 12 hp and the wolf had 13 hp on average, which led me to believe that at least my paladin would make it against this critter.  But three hours later, when I got to the cave, I had trouble beating orcs.  I had to have my whole party gang up to beat one and there was a cave full.  Then when my thief finally levels up, I never figured out how to increase hp or anything else for that matter.  Having a 2nd level bard with as much or not much more hp and no discernible increase in effectiveness (he seemed _less_  able to fight orcs now) was the final straw.  I had wasted enough time on this game. It would have been one thing if I was given enemies like that in later battles, but I had such enemies from the beginning.  Furthermore, I had my biggest problem with the fact that point and click with the mouse was the only option, half the time, I killed my own party.I would recommend a multiplayer game if it was more like Neverwinter Nights: hands on tutorial, cursor keys enabled (if I remember correctly), totally customizable controls. If I wanted to set the format to call animals, to arm, and to use certain spells it was easy to do. Level up increasing was easy as well.
I bought this game hoping to have some fun. I did and then again I didn't. Using the keyboard is a pain...and the controls are terrible! The graphics are great and I enjoyed that immensely. When the game functioned properly, I had a lot of fun. But, the default controls must've been designed for some idiot with four hands... If you can figure it out, it's a lot of fun!
Hitman Codename 47 is a third person action game with groundbreaking graphics and well desinged missions. Hitman supports Direct3D, OpenGL, 3dFx/Glide, I have played it on both D3D and OGL and they look really cool with no problems. The gameplay is orginal and it has a orginal story. You play Tobais Fleeper, He is assinged missions to kill gangsters. Who is he ?, Where did he come from ?, Play hitman and find out. HC47 has a very intresting gameplay, All the 12 missions are very well desinged with loads of admosphere. The game has high replay value, I played almost all the levels 5 times and i am still not bored, There is never a dull moment. The graphics are fantastic the guys at IO interactive have done a fantastic job. The sparks when bullets fly through with smoke comming out of the guns, The graphics depth and detail of the rain forest mission &quot;Find the Uwa Tribe&quot; is simply outstanding, Same goes to the atmosphere in the hotel mission &quot;Traditions of the Trade&quot;. Hitman has the best graphics engine ever. Hitman's physics is also superb they must be seen to be belived. The sound is also superb and the music is just right for a game like this. The charecters are well animate and look real and the voice acting is great. Hitman does not have a save game option but that was not a problem to me, Besides the mission &quot;Plutonium runs loose&quot; in which you need to complete the mission in a short period of time, It was almost impossible. Every other mission can be completed without saving, In this game you are not a terrorist, You are a hitman if you plan your moves carefully you will succeed in the game.Hitman could be a ground breaking game if it wasn't for all it's problems. The third person view is a bad choice for a game like this as the hitman's head and back block half of your view and it is not nice to see the bald head all the time. I dont know why people make action games in the third person view, Of all TPS games i have played only Heretic II and Tomb Raider were good and and a nice choice for the 3rd person view. HC47's keys are a big problem too, You need to both the keyboard and mouse to play the game. There are no hot keys for weapons or the inventory, The weapons and everything you pick up are kept on the inventory and to pick up a weapon you need to click on the inventory button, Use the scroll wheel and point to the weapon and press the action button to pick up. And besides this for just opening a door you need to right click on it and a small window would appear you need to use the scroll wheel to point on the &quot;open door&quot; option and click the action button to open it. When you kill someone you cannot carry the body like Thief, You need to drag the body that is very difficul as you have to bend and walk backwards and you cannot see clearly. The AI is not that very good, When you are dressup in hitman's clothes everybody gives you a suspesious look, When you have a weapon in your hand they are alert, That's good. But when you have a fiber wire in your hand people far away would scream that's unbelivable. Hitman's biggest problem is that there are lot of in game cutsences, And all in the wrong place, It causes a problem in the mission &quot;Say Hello&quot;, You are to kill pablo, When i shot him there was a useless cutsence, He said he is stronger, by the time i managed to get my controls and aim he shot me twice, Is shot him again and another useless cutsence, For every shot a cutsences. Haven't the guy's at IO interactive played action games before. Cutsences takes the control away from the player and by the time you get the controls you will be killed. What idiot would have cutsence in a middle of a firefight. It is really sad that it has all these problems, It could have been a very enjoyable game if it is in the first perso view, with no in game cutsence and a better controls. Still hitman is a great game and i would recommend it, It is really worth a look. Finally after the credit titles it is written &quot;Dont call us we are on vacation&quot;, What's that suppose to mean.
Spend 30-million on a game and this is what you get. Ranked by many as &quot;the best game ever made&quot;, I would have to say it may be the largest signifigant leap into an alternate reality since N64 Mario World, however it's reign will be short-lived.&quot;Metal Gear Solid 2&quot; for PS2 has already been demoed and from a technology stand-point it will blow Shenmue away.Aside from that tid-bit, I gave this game 3 stars because of it's cultural differences. As an American I didn't pick up on all the humor and it's cultural elements are kind of annoying, had the game been placed in the US it may have been more enjoyable for me and I would have given it an extra star.It is an amazing game, however it requires time, effort and probling solving skills like any adventure game. I'd rather play Sonics Adventure.
First of all I'm going to say this game is awesome I would have given it a 5 but there are a few little problems I had with it. I'm still going to say that if you have a Dreamcast go try and find this game. If you don't have a Dreamcast but you see a copy of Jet Grind Radio and you have a few extra bucks pick up the system and this will be one of the only games you will need in fact so far it's the only game that I own.(I bought it for $10 Canadian and I'm not sure what the exchage rates are right now.)
I played this and the one on the Xbox, trust me if you have not played it yet it is not worth your time. But if you are a fan or a dreamcast collector, get it. The game has unique points but it loses its flare in one day. I give it 3 instead of 1 because i know it is not a terrible game to most people, but to me it is terrible since i play fighting and RPG games. I did not buy this on amazon.com.
Yes!!! honestly i hated the fact that to get rumble you had to snap in your rumble pak, to get memory you had to take out the rumble pak!!! so even though i had a rumble pack ,i really never used it much, as for the batteries boy that really sucked,then the weigh of the whole thing took some time to get use to, it's not so special once you play with a cotroller with built in rumble / tremor / vibration.N64 had it's time and when i had to use this technology i did!!!, now i think it sucks real bad, however it was blast kids i sure had my fun while it lasted!!!!,,, laterzzzz folks / gamers....
I loved everything about this game EXCEPT the battle system; having to match that falling square at EXACTLY the right time gets annoying!At first it was pretty easy and I thought it was cool,but the fact that later on you have to do it four to eight times without missing??? FORGET ABOUT IT!!
I bought Legend of Dragoon based on the wonderful things I heard about it from attenders of the E3 gaming convention...here's the breakdown:In-Game graphics - very poor for a game that hopes to compete  with the likes of the Final Fantasy series...blocky, ugly polygonal  characters are remniscent of FF7 and Wild Arms series'.FMV graphics -  some elements are lacking, like character movement is still blocky and  we're all spoiled by the emotional FMV from FF8.  However, the actual video  dynamics are superb and action-packed...one sequence featuring a huge clash  between Dragoons and Winglies is particularly nice.Music - This is where  the game really, REALLY hurts.  The soundtrack is so bland, boring, and  repetetive that I need to turn the sound off if I've been in any one town  for too long.  Sony also took a chance when they did character voice overs:  after all, the video game industry is infamous for poor character voice  overs.  However, most of them are pretty skillfully done.  Some of the  attack names might have needed work and are very silly when pronounced  (i.e. &quot;die...more and more!&quot; and &quot;hyah!  madness  hero!&quot;).Overall, the game is lacking that finishing touch (many,  many spelling errors, cheesy dialogue, and grammar problems bug the heck  out of me). If you're a hardcore RPG fan and don't mind linear, repetetive  action, then Legend of Dragoon is worth a shot...
The Legend of Dragoon was supposed to be the Playstation's last premier titles like Final Fantasy VII or Chrono Cross or even Xenogears. Unfortunately it was marred by an incredibly predictable plot, really bad dialogue and robotic voice acting. But it's one of those kind of games that you really want to admire if it wasn't for its faults and boy does this game have faults.Story: There's a war going on and caught in the middle of it is Dart, a young warrior orphaned by something called the Black Monster. So Dart, his childhood friend Shana and an increasing number of friends have to battle evil to save the world yadda yadda.Graphics: Keep in mind this is Playstation. That being said the in-game graphics look okay at times with certain environments looking nice at times but others look horribly bad. However where the game shines is its FMVs. That is the good ones, since some of them are literally looking at old manuscripts or images with a voice-over. Why they even bothered, I don't know.Sound/Music: Fairly unimpressive. I forgot most of the tracks right away and like I said, the voice acting at times is incredibly stilted like they were worried of sounding too "emotional" during a recording.Gameplay: Hm, well it's essentially the same as Final Fantasy games on the PSX, walk around screens, get into random encounters(that occur WAY too frequently). The only difference is that there's Additions that you can use. They're kind of like combos where you have to hit a button at the right time to get more hits. It's an okay system but work on your timing, otherwise it's gonna be terrible for you in the long run.Is it a recommendable game? Hard to say. It's certainly a likable game at times but other times you feel like "ugh, why do I get this thing?" Best thing to do is just try it out and if it's bad, then sell it.
As my title states, Legend of Dragoon can only be described as "muddled".  This game has several failings that cannot be ignored, but if you give it a chance, you may still garner some enjoyment out of this average RPG.  On to the review!Graphics (8/10): Not the greatest, but not too irritating.  This, of course, is a matter of opinion, but the graphics did not seem too bothersome at all.Music (6/10): Well, the music ranges from not so good to decent.  There's really nothing about the music that would make me want to buy the soundtrack.  The songs are all rather bland and unmemorable, while not being terrible enough to make your ears bleed or anything.  The voice-acting, which is limited, is kind of laughable.  Overall, the bland music and not-so-good voice acting brings down the score in this section.Characters (5/10): The characters really aren't well-developed.  They either have stereotypical personalities or are just plain uninteresting.  Sometimes their actions were not convincing at all.  For example, one person is traveling with the party to find his daughter who ran away.  He then goes on and on about not knowing why she left when you clearly find out in a flashback that he criticized her and slapped her for something she wasn't really at fault for.  Hmmm...I wonder why she ran away?  And then, after hearing this story, the rest of the party sides with him and does not point out the obvious reason she ran away.  Another example of awkward character development is the romance between Dart and Shana. Yes, she's naive and soft-spoken and he's the big hero and they fall in love.  Yes, we've all seen this before.  That's not even my complaint.  The romance between them was badly handled by the game developers.  It seems as though Shana is the only one in love with Dart; he sees her more as a little sister.  This creates some awkward moments between them.  I think the main romantic scene of the game is very awkward.  Instead of Dart and Shana voluntarily getting together, the rest of the party members sort of connive to force them together at a party.  Then, out on a balcony, every time the scene between them becomes serious and they are about to kiss, some random NPC shows up and ruins the moment.  I find this odd attempt at humor to be ill-placed and intrusive.  I never really got the impression that Dart and Shana loved each other, instead I felt that the rest of the party loved the idea of getting them together.  Rose is the only character who seems interesting and has some back story. Overall, the game is riddled with character interactions like those above, this really makes it difficult to care about these characters (other than Rose!).Story (5/10): Once again, "stereotypical" is the word of the day.  Guess who's father may be a villian?  No really, guess!  Seriously, the rest of the story feels like one disjointed event after another.  I never felt a sense of continuity with the story, and the final villian seems to come from nowhere.  I never saw it coming, IN A BAD WAY! I mean, the game really could have used some foreshadowing or building up for the final villian.  All that aside, the game's story does have some high points, the "mythological" feel of the game is interesting, and although I can't remember for the life of me what all actually happened during the story, I had fun while playing through it.Battle System (7/10): Well, it's turn based. Not much to say there.  My only real complaint was with the Additions.  While I mostly liked the originality of this element, it was somewhat irritating at times.  The goal is to hit the X button at just the right time to execute your attack.  If you miss even one in the string, your attack does pitiful damage.  As it can be quite difficult to get all of them in a longer string, I was often forced to use weaker Additions instead of the stronger, (and longer) ones.  Aside from that aspect, the Dragoon system was fun.  I only wish there were some way to revert out of Dragoon mode, and also to cast magic outside of Dragoon mode.  Despite my complaints, I found most of the battle system to be not too annoying.Gameplay (6/10): Wow. There's alot of backtracking.  This can get tedious; I think I went through some place three times.  Another issue I have with gameplay is that in disc 2, the game forces you to insert disc 1 again to get into some of the towns.  What nonsense is this?!  I don't think I've ever played another RPG that had this problem.  This is what lowers the score most for this section.  Other than the things listed above, I don't have any other issues with gameplay.Overall (6/10): NOTE this score is not an average, it's my subjective overall score.  While Legend of Dragoon does not measure up to so many other RPGs out there, oddly I still enjoyed it.  This is certainly not the worst RPG out there, it's just not the best either.  Since it's so inexpensive now (at the time of writing this; July 2008), it wouldn't hurt to pick this game up and give it a chance.  You may at least get some amusement out of laughing at the bad dialogue.
Storyline-wise..this game is very atmospheric and at many times, dark. I enjoyed the story and atmosphere highly, but the game seems to stretch on and on into dungeons that highly resemble the previous ones, thus making it very monotonous. The weapons configuration also is very lacking, there are many weapons and other equipment, but it really gets on your nerves and many times, is quite lame. The difficulty level, while hard, is actually very good, although I find myself constantly battling to defeat bosses, and the whole risk facto system is constantly getting on my nerves. If the developers cranked out some of the faults in this games system this would have potential to be a very great game. However, this game would be a good investment for an RPG if you are able to look past its faults. But otherwise, I would suggest 'Final Fantasy Tactics' which is made by the same developer...
I hardly even know where to begin when it comes to an overrated game that turns out to collect dust in my room.  I bought Vagrant Story over a year ago.  Tried it, like the battle system, and then found myself hating it.The game play goes as follows: You start in a dungeon...there are cut scenes from time to time, but none of them make any sense...you run around by monsters and fight.  You see the monsters as you are fighting them as there are no random battles.  A menu pops up after you click near a monster such as, Head: 0, 100%, Right Leg: 2, 85% and so on.  From there you choose which part of the body you want to attack.  Sometimes you make NO hit points against the monsters because you have to work up your weapons for each type of monster.  And it is impossible to make a master weapon against all monsters.  More than one weapon has to be leveled up for different monsters, and many times weapons have to be changed in midst battle which is annoying.  The other complaint I had in this game is that the only way you can heal yourself is either finding a save point or using a curing item.  This doesn't sound so bad, but curing items CANNOT be purchased.  Instead they only can be found fighting monsters.  I never seemed to have enough curing items.  By the end of the game, things still didn't seem to make sense.  The conclusions were unsatisfying and overall pain in the neck.The last complaint I have of this game is the feeling I got from playing it.  The color scheme is bad.  Everything was shades of brown or blacks and occasional greens and reds.  It was a depressing feel to it, and it seemed like I never saw the light in that game.However, I can still give this game some credit.  I believe that it was an attempt of a good thing.  There were bad qualities about it that if only fixed a little, this game could've been great.  The battle system was actually fun at times, but when things got tough and a new type of monster approached, it took way too long to level up a weapon.I thought for its time, the cut scenes looked nice.  There are no special movies throughout the game, just a short one as an intro before you start your game up.It is possible to enjoy this game.  I found myself struggling through it, but I knew a couple who actually half ways liked it.  It isn't a masterpiece in my eyes, but it had potential I think that didn't see the light of day.Pros:Innovative battle systemWell done cut scenes for its timeNew Game Plus + featureCons:Dull game, hardly any change of scenery  besides dungeons and boxesConfusing Plot - (yet it was deep)Bad color scheme: browns, browns, tans, green,and more brownsAnnoying weapon level up systemEstimated time to complete game in a quicker runthrough: 20 - 30 hours.Detailed gameplay estimated time to complete: 30 - 50 hours.
I brought this game brand new back in 2000. I remember testing it out at Funcoland. At the time there was much talk about it and it seemed like an interesting game. Convinced, I picked it up and brought it home. I must say the novelty of this game wears off quickly. You play as a character named Ashly Riot who is set out to rescue his partner who is trapped at the hands of a madman named Sydney.The game is dark and very depressing. You stay in one basic dungeon for a majority of the game. It's 2009 and I pulled the game out to play it again. Unlike Final Fantasy 8 that came before it, this game has not aged well at all. The game isn't too beautiful artistically, and you feel as though the designers did not put much energy into the game. Not to mention that part of the team that did final Fantasy 8 worked on this project. It just seems as though the game was lazily created. The plot doesn't move you at all to continue the game, it's a basic hero fights villian and save the girl story.The turning points of the game are the fighting system which allows you to strike select areas on your enemies body. This at the time was new and innovative, but not verywell executed seeing as it makes little difference with the risk meter involved. The risk meter is a gauge that increases as you fight your oppenents. As the gauge fills up,your chance to hit goes way down. This really is a down point of the game as it is not necessary and makes the game more difficult that it needs to be.The overall game itself is pretty boring to say the least. The aptmosphere is again in a dark dungeon the entire game, which gets tiresome and becomes an eyesore. Mainly because you feel as though your in the same area the entire game. Vagrant Story could of had much potential, but its repetitive gameplay and aptmosphere leave this one bitting the dust.
I recently got this new PS2 because my old one broke and it would no longer read discs. Well i went to EB Games to get a PS2, hopefully an old one, and they didn't have any; only used ones. I went to EB Games for a NEW PS2 so it had a lower chance of breaking. Well, I got this PS2 instead since it was the only new PS2 they had.Overall it LOOKS great. It's tiny like a book, weighs at most 2 pounds I think, it's nice and small, portable, reads discs very quickly, etc.But looks aren't what matters most. I am a hugggge gamer and I play my games hours on end. Since this PS2 doesn't have a fan... well I can't really do it. The most hours you can leave this on without it freezing ( for me ) is about 4 hours. I can be playing a game, scratched or not, and it will simply freeze and I have to reset. It's happened twice so far and I've  had it for about 3 days. Both were on Tony Hawk American Wasteland, but I highly doubt it was the game. It happened once offline, and once online which tells me it was probably just the sytem overheating... it would be better if it was a tad bigger and had a fan!I would stick with the old PS2 if you don't travel a lot, but if looks, portability, and sometimes unreliability are what you like, take your chance with this PS2 design.
Note: This review is based on this reviewer's experience with one of the earliest manufacturing runs of the new, slim design PS2. It is possible that Sony has addressed some of the issues I refer to in newer runs; though with their track record I seriously doubt it in some cases.In all honesty, to say the PS2 (and the original PS) was/is not a great gaming system would be a complete, bald-face lie. Considering their systems have beaten back competition despite never being the most technologically advanced competitor in the running speaks volumes, but to make such a statement is ultimately misleading. In reality, the PS2's success (and Sony's success for that matter) really has comes from the plethora of great titles from a handful of solid developers, not from the hardware.Playstation's biggest failing (other than the PS2 Hard Drive and any kind of quaility online play) has been overall quality. When I talk overall quality, I don't mean how many polygons the machine can push at any given second as that's relatively unimportant in the vast scheme of things, but rather the machine's overall durability and structural integrity. One might think this re-design might solve some of these issues from the original PSX and PS2. Well, in short, it doesn't.It may be true Sony is not the only company that has had hardware problems cast a shadow over their console (the original Nintendo would be a prime example), but Sony seems defiant in learning lessons from it's own past considering hardware problems have been a consistent factor throughout their history. Here are a few examples concerning the slim PS2:#1: Never buy a slim PS2 and think your going to kill two birds with one stone with a game/DVD combo. This is the biggest misconception people have; over time the PS2 will eventually have trouble running about half of anyone's DVD collection, especially anything that runs off a dual-layer DVD. The fact my Family Guy and Futurama DVD box sets won't run on the machine after having it for a year and a half proves this to me. The PS2 is no substitute for an actual DVD player, so don't be cheap and save yourself a headache and buy a DVD player to boot.#2: The situation with dual-layer DVD's also applies with many games that use the format as well. I can literally spend hours trying to get my Wild ARMS Alter Code:F and God of War to work, yet when I insert the same games into my friends old-model PS2 that is twice as old they work right off the bat. That's not right, especially considering those games where brand new.#3: The fact you can NEVER fully shut the machine off (less you unplug it) like one would with the switch in back of the older PS2's raises too many questions. Anyone familiar with the original PSX knows even when the power was shut off, that it still drew in a minimal amount of electricity. This was probably one of the main factors that attributed to the original PSX's problems. Why would you bring back such a potentially damaging feature? When I turn the machine off, I want it COMPLETELY off. That's what OFF means Sony!#4. Anyone who purchased one of the newer slim model PS2 shortly after it was introduced probably found it nice when there was a voluntary recall on the power pack. Yeah, that just makes me trust in Sony's products even more. The risk of fire and burns always goes well with any gaming experience.Despite everything I have said above, if you like the games the PS2 contains in its gaming library, you're going to buy it anyway (hell, I did). However, as with any system, I would definitely advise against buying any kind of Playstation hardware the minute it comes out (outside of the initial price).
I've had a PS1 for over 5 years and it has never given me a whiff of a problem.  I finally got around to "upgrading" to a PS2 after playing my buddy's (the older, larger version) a lot the last few weeks.  The games are great and I find the controllers to be well-designed and manageable, particularly if you already have experience with a PS.However, the transition to the "new" smaller PS2 has apparently caused problems.  The one I bought at Bestbuy worked fine for the first 5 minutes I played it, then it would freeze up while trying to load a sound effect and just repeat that sound effect over and over again.  This happened regardless of the game played (PS1 or PS2).  I took it back and was informed by the guy at Bestbuy that it's most likely an overheating problem and that it is apparently common to the new smaller PS2.  It's a shame because I think the games are generally quite good and I loved the PS1, but think twice about picking up this miniature version that apparently hasn't been tested out very well.
When it comes to a long running franchise, it goes without saying there are going to be moments of deja vu. Mega Man fans are especially aware of this, but even with games that don't truly evolve from sequel to sequel each one manages to contain a feel of its own. The first Mega Man was a rough sketch of a portrait Mega Man 2 would quickly streamline. Mega Man 3 would take some liberties with its game play and ultimately stifle the flow that would have greatly benefited the series. But what about Mega Man 4? Does it restore the flow of chi or only intensify an abstract case of mental blockage?There are several things about Mega Man 4 that are more than welcome. The robot master crew is probably the most challenging out of the NES line-up and we see the introduction of some new characters like Dr. Cossack and his daughter. Okay, so these characters aren't exactly deep (like any of Mega Man's characters are) and only serve to fuel the "fake antagonist" scheme employed by the following two games, but they help hide the fact that Mega Man 4 is Mega Man 3's hangover. It's dumbfounding how even the smallest things made me reflect on the last game, not the one in front of me.Because of this, Mega Man 4 lacks an identity. As laughable as that may sound given how many games there are in the series, it's this same train of thought that makes it a very noticeable and serious problem. The silver lining to such a conundrum is that this indirectly gives Mega Man 5 and 6 a head start right out of the gate, something that is of the utmost importance for the titles that wrap up Mega Man's time on the NES.Despite the fact the Mega Man 4 ends on somewhat of a downer, fans of the blue bomber will find little reason not to add this to their collection if they don't have it already. Mega Man's downs aren't usually that bad or as bad certain other blue-colored character. Mega Man 4 proves this to be true at the end of the day.
The fourth installment in the classic Mega Man series introduces a new villain, Dr. Cossack, a Russian scientist who has taken over as resident mad scientist bent on taking over the world.  Capcom released the game in 1992 to moderate success.Between MEGA MAN III and this game, Capcom considered taking Mega Man to the SNES, but decided to delay Mega Man's arrival to the new console for a further two years.  There is some debate about this, but the general consensus in the gaming community is that Capcom made the last three NES Mega Man games because they were easy games to make, the development team knew had to make a good product, they were cheap to make, and would provide a steady income for the company.  While it is true the second trilogy of MM games, while not nearly as good as the first (simply because the formula wasn't so tired and stale by that time) are very good games, they are completely overshadowed by the first trilogy.The storyline is rather simple, but then, most NES games didn't have the most complex storylines to boast (most involve an evil lizard king and a kidnapped princess).  It turns out after you defeat Dr. Cossack, Proto Man shows up with the good doctor's Kalinka.  Proto Man reveals that Dr. Wily is behind this world domination attempt (yet again), and he kidnapped Cossack's daughter and forced Cossack to build the eight robots.  After you defeat Cossack, Mega Man sees Dr. Wily, and chases him into a newly constructed Skull Castle.  For an NES game, the storyline isn't that bad, but unfortunately Capcom would use the exact same device for MM V and MM VI as well.  This I refer to as the Fake Villain Trilogy.Following the masterpieces that are MM II and MM III, this game, while a good game in and of itself, feels simply like more of the same, and there's not any drastic changes in game play, although there are several new features.*Mega Man can now charge the "Mega Buster", to fire a more powerful shot.*Two new items are introduced: A grappling hook known as the Wire Adapter and a Balloon Dispenser (Ballon Adapter).  These items have not appeared in any other game.*Fliptop (Eddie), a helpful robot, is introduced and gives you random powerups in certain stages.*Unfortunately, passwords no longer save your accumulated Energy Tanks*Like the first game, you can now reenter levels to replay them, a feature absent from MM II and MMIII; however, the boss lair is now empty.*Also the first game since MM II to have forced scrolling in one of the levels.There are several similarities between this and MM II.  The fanfare for level intros and when you defeat the robot masters are very similar to the corresponding music in MM II.  Also, Dr. Wily's last stage is shaped like an L, and while II has acid drips you must avoid, MM IV's level has robo slugs the player can use to rebuild their weapon supply and energy.  MM VI has this same L shape on the last Dr. Wily level, but in that game the level is much more varied.  Like MM II, when you finally do confront Dr. Wily, the final battle takes place in a darkened lab room.Overall, the Robot Masters are rather imaginative, and the levels well designed.  Pharaoh Man is probably the hardest robot master of all six NES games, and has a very powerful weapon.  Skull Man is pretty cool.  Drill Man is a little derivative of Hard Man from MM III, but still a good design. of. The other Robot Masters (Toad Man, Dust Man, Dive Man, Bright Man, and Ring Man) are fortunately pretty original, and it's clear Capcom hasn't come to the bottom of the barrel as far as ideas for Robot Masters go just yet.For those who like the first MM trilogy, this is certainly a worthwhile game to play.  But as good as the second trilogy is, the first trilogy is great, and it's those games you should turn too if you really want to play the best of the classic series.  The second trilogy is just largely a repeat of the first trilogy.
When it comes to the NES Mega Man titles, there seems to be no greater rivalry than Mega Man 2 vs. Mega Man 3. Even if a fan prefers one of the later installments, it's unlikely that these two games, instrumental in forging Mega Man's identity, end up on equal ground. So which camp am I in? Despite my best effort not to add to the seemingly endless love for Mega Man 2, I have to go with it, not Mega Man 3. But why? While I can't exactly say Mega Man 3 is "busted," there are some design choices at work here that really throw a wench in the experience for me, things that were fine last time out and should have been left alone.A lot of Mega Man 3's problems center around boss fights. First of all, the amount of crash damage one receives from making contact with a robot master is flat out wrong. I can understand this kind of damage being higher from a fortress boss, but I shouldn't lose one-fourth of my health for what is essentially a silly hit. The problems continue as the built in invincibility period after a successful hit on a boss has essentially been eliminated. This means you can score hit upon hit in quick succession without waiting between blows. While one could see pumping ammunition down an enemy's throat as a good thing, there are times were it absolutely destroys any semblance of challenge this title has to offer.The game's other main flaw revolves around the addition of everyone's favorite canine sidekick Rush. Mega Man 2's Item 1, 2 and 3 have been replaced by the Rush Coil, Jet and Submarine. Giving such items more of an identity is appreciated as is their necessity in navigating the levels. What's not welcome is setting up the stages and power-ups in such a manner where the player can get stuck with no recourse (other than to exhaust their lives and continue) because power ups don't respawn after death. This becomes a real issue in the somewhat pointless Doc Robot levels as do continue points.As much as I love Mega Man, I can't give Mega Man 3 the same kind of love I give Mega Man 2. Again, there is no reason to put that game on a pedestal but it is free of the problems found here, as are solid outings like Mega Man 4, 5 and 6. That said, I have to agree with Keiji Inafune that there are many things here that could have benefited from being redone and the change in leadership from the teams that crafted the first two games definately shows at the end of the day.
Mega Man VA Brother Betrayed (or) More of the SameThe fifth Mega Man game is a very solid, if not very distinguishable, entry in the classic Mega Man series. Of the last three games (MM4 thru MM6), this is pretty much neck and neck with MM4 in terms of quality.  Good game, but it has that whole we've been here done that feeling that drags the whole enterprise down.  It's yet another remake with the same gameplay of the first MEGA MAN.The plotline of this one (like NES games really need plots, but I digress) is Proto Man has gone bad, set himself up as the new current megalomaniac trying to take over the world, and programmed eight robot masters to be evil (why is it always 8?)  Maybe Rincewind has a right to fear that number (sorry, Terry Prachet Discworld reference).  If the plot feels a little overfamiliar, that's  because it's the same as MM IV.  And just like MM IV, it turns out when you fight Proto Man that Dr Wiley was behind it all and you must fight him.You played the other Mega Man games.  You know the drill.  Select a robot master, see what weapon can beat him by beating other roboatmasters, beat all 8, proceed to Proto Man.Fortunately there aren't as many tired or rehashed ideas in Mega Man 5 as far as level design and bosses go, unlike Mega Man 6.  The Robot Masters are fairly original, especially Gravity Man, Napalm Man, and Charge Man.  Charge Man has a nice railroad themed level.  Crystal Man is a little like Gemini Man from III.  Still, the game's level design is pretty good for the NES.  Gravity Man and Star Man have fun stages, and they're pretty innovative for Mega Man.Another new feature of the game is each stage has one letter, which you must obtain to get the robotic bird Beat.  You need Beat to beat Dr Wiley at the end, because if you don't it'll be really hard.  The letters spell out MEGA MAN V, and they are part of the challenge of the game to get obtain them.  Trust me, when you get to the end battle, you'll be thankful you took the time to collect those eight letters.We also get a new an improved mega buster, even though when it is charging if you get hit you will lose the charge as well, which sucks royally.  We also get a new weapon called the Super Arrow, which is pretty cool as well.The challenge is up there. While not damn near impossible like the original MEGA MAN, MM5 has its fair share of challenging sections, but if you persist you will come to the end of the journey.There are some flaws in the title.  Capcom changed the Rush Coil, much to its detriment.  Passwords don't save everything, which really sucks. The Super Arrow is an interesting idea but not very well implemented.  The storyline is the same as IV.The biggest damage this game has caused is how it confused a lot of people about Proto Man.  They think he is evil, but is in fact a good guy.  Naturally, Dr Wiley is behind this, and the storyline is just like MM IV.Of the Fake Villain or Fake Bad Guy Trilogy, as I refer to Mega Man 4-6, this is pretty strong, and for oldschool platform fans there's a lot to recommend to Mega Man 5.  The real problem with Mega Man 4-6 is that everything it does, the first trilogy does better, and the first three games are a lot fresher, before Capcom drove the series into the ground with endless sequels.  MM5 is good, but only play it after you played the first three games.This is my order of Mega Man NES titles from best to worst.  II and III are the best, though I give a slight edge to II because this is the game that really redefined the Mega Man formula, but III is just as good.  IV and V are about the same as well, though neither approach the sublime quality of the first three.MEGA MAN IIMEGA MAN IIIMEGA MANMEGA MAN VMEGA MAN IVMEGA MAN VI.
Proto Man has turned evil and kidnapped Dr. Light? He assembled an army of robots and unleashed them on the world? Come on! I'm sure a first grader could figure out Wily is behind this. And the innovations here? The Rush Jet is still in the "piece of junk" mode from Mega Man 4, and the Super Arrow is next to useless. The music is not good in most places. Proto Man's fortress is a NIGHTMARE! I'm a master game player and even I have trouble with it. There is no Energy Tank in the final fortress station, so if you don't have any to use on Wily you're gonna lose and probably have to start over. Most NES Mega Man games are great, but this is just mediocre.
Gamers were knee deep with the Super NES and Sega Genesis back in 1993. But the NES was still cranking out games whether gamers liked it or not. For those who had the SNES, Capcom released Mega Man X and was very well received by critics and gamers. In 1994, they released the last entry in the NES Mega Man series with Mega Man 6. Incidentally, Capcom was too busy making Mega Man X and Mega Man 6 at the time so they let Nintendo publish the game for them. While it brought a few new ideas as well as the standard run and gun game play, the last NES Mega Man game left a lot to be desired.Mega Man 6 started off with a robot tournament in full swing that got taken over by Mr. X. He took control of the eight most powerful robot entries and let them run wild in the city. Mega Man swings into action to stop him once and for all. Of course, it doesn't take long to realize Mr. X was Dr. Wily in disguise, so you have eight stages to choose from and two castles to explore, each with 4 stages for a total of 16 stages. You know the drill: pick a stage, beat the Robot Master and get his weapon to use on another Robot Master. To mix things up a bit, the Robot Masters were created by fans of the series, not by Capcom. Some of the stages have alternate paths where one leads to the Robot Master while the other leads to a "fake" version of the Robot Master. Mega Man can now combine powers with his dog Rush after you collect two Rush adapters. Of course, the robot bird Beat from Mega Man 5 returns and will help you once you collect the letters that spell out his name. When you want to take a break, you can write down a password so you can continue your game later.The PROS: It was nice for Capcom to finally try to shake up the traditional formula it followed with all of their Mega Man games. It looked and played like the games before it. The music, while not as strong as what you heard in Mega Man 5, still sounded good. The controls remain untouched so they still work.The CONS: Previous Mega Man games looked better than Mega Man 6. Even though the Robot Masters are the creations of the contest winners, Capcom could have picked better choices. Most of the Robot Masters were based on elements that were already seen (water, ice, fire, air) so that created a sense of redundancy. Judging from the stage layouts, you could tell that Capcom was running out of ideas.With the release of Mega Man 6, the series came to a close on the NES but continued on the Super NES with Mega Man 7. Capcom would move forward with the Mega Man X series. Some people liked Mega Man 6 while others were disappointed because it really didn't bring anything new to the series. It's a shame since it could have ended on a high note.
This is by far the worst in the series! I loved Mega Man 5 and this was a let down! How long was this in the development room? Oh well, on to my review.Graphics:10/10: Pretty good!Sound:9/10: unchangedMusic:6/10: Not that good...Gameplay:6.5/10: Okay, here's what they messed up on. This time, you got sorry @$$ed [cover your children's ears now:)] losers like Centaur Man, Knight Man, Tomahawk Man, Yamato Man, [WTF is a Yamato?!] Blizzard Man, Flame Man, Wind Man, and Plant Man. With those names, it will take forever to think up their weaknesses eh? WRONG!!!! The difficulty, or lack of, destroys this! I killed all the bosses using only my buster! The game also has TERRIBLE weapons. Blizzard Man's weapon shoots out..SNOWFLAKES?!?!?! Also, what is "Defence" on the boss screen?! Somebody build Grammar Man! The Rush fuses were nice, and the fake bosses were nice,too, but it just doesn't have the feel to it. A lame story, too....Meh, it's OK, but not that good. I still recommend you to play it, and the ending sets the stage for MM7.PS. To the guy who said this is the best one: Um.. MM7 has the Rush fuses too, and much more!
This is not a bad game, per se, but after five Megaman titles with pretty much the same plotline and gameplay, this game doesn't really offer anything new. The new features included - two upgrades to Megaman, 'Jet' and 'Power' - do not really add anything because Megaman is limited in what he can do when he is in Jet or Power mode. Some of the stages have an alternate route which leads to a letter - there's four of them all together which spell out BEAT - but this is optional and doesn't really add much to the gameplay. The best Megaman games in this series were II to IV.MM6 was the last MM NES game, and this title, while might be fun to play, just isn't that interesting, especially after playing the other five titles. Some people feel this title is repetitive, and I definitely agree with them. Still, it's not a terrible game or anything, and is better suited for a die-hard Megaman completist rather than the casual player.This game would have been better if it didn't follow the SAME ENDING/PLOT TWIST that happened in MM4 and 5. I mean, seriously. After the twist revealed in MM4 and 5, and seeing the intro in MM6, it wasn't hard to guess what would really happen at the ending.
By the time Capcom released MEGA MAN VI on the NES, it was obvious to all in the industry that Nintendo's 8-Bit console, the machine that resurrected the video game market in the mid 1980s to the multibillion dollar industry that it is now, was on its last legs.  Capcom wanted to move Mega Man to the SNES, but before doing so, they made a final chapter for everyone's favorite blue bomber.Ironically enough, Capcom chose not to release MEGA MAN VI in the United States, publishing the game only in Japan, due to their decision to put their efforts behind the new MEGA MAN X series.  When Capcom informed Nintendo of this decision, Nintendo took it upon themselves to publish the game in America, which is why the game was never released in Europe.How does it stand up to the other five games?  Actually, not that bad.  It's obvious Capcom is running out of ideas.  The basic story is that a mysterious Mr. X (gee, I wonder who that could be) has been setting up a robot tournament, and when Mega Man shows up, all the robots turn against Mega Man and Mr X tries to take over the world.  Naturally, when you defeat Mr X, turns out it is Dr. Wiley and you have to go into a second castle.  While Mega Man IV and V at least at an element of surprise in their "twist" ending, by VI you can tell it's Wiley from the beginning, even kinda looks like him.First off, the graphics are top notch, and so is the sound.  But that is little surprise as Mega Man always had great graphics for the NES.Capcom was so bereft of ideas They even had contestant winners in Nintendo Power design two of the robot bosses (Wind Man, designed by Michael Leader of the US, and Knight Man, designed by Daniel Vallie of Canada).The other six bosses are largely retreads of previous robot masters or just plain ridiculous.We have Plant Man (who, might I add, is the single worst boss in not only Mega Man, but in all of video games - he's just gay).  His (lame) weapon is a flower shield, and basically he's a poor boy version of the superior Leaf Man from MEGA MAN II.  We have Blizzard Man, who for whatever reason is on skis.  Ripoff of Air Man from II and Ice Man from the first game.  Flame Man is yet another heat-based robot master (we've already had Fire Man from I, Heat Man from II, and Napalm Man from V).  We have Tomahawk Man, who is very formidable, but still feels out of place and like Capcom was really stretching for ideas.  Centaur Man is at least somewhat imaginative. The worst, though, is Yamato Man.  Apparently Yamato is a geographical term in Japan.  It'd be like Oxford Man or Birmingshire Man or Las Vegas Man.  Incomprehensible.  Stupid.  Even Wind Man, who was designed by one of the contestant winners, is little more than another version of Air Man.The levels themselves, while compentant, are hardly what you call inspired.  A lot of them you have seen before in previous incarnations, especially Flame Man's level (come on, we've had fire-themed levels before).A bad part of the levels is that four of them have false endings, I guess in attempts from Capcom to give the game more replayability. In each of the levels for Tomahawk Man, Yamato Man, Knight Man, and Centaur Man, two separate boss chambers appear, one more difficult to reach than the other.  By accessing the more difficult of the two you get one of four letters (B, E, A, T), and when you get all four you can now use Beat, the robotic bird from Mega Man V.  Quite frankly, the fake endings are rather dumb.The last levels have some engaging moments, even though one of the castle bosses (a big dragon) is a little too similar too the boss dragon of Mega Man II for my comfort.  There's another stage in the Wiley's castle which is primarily dirty water and those spiked orbs, which is again a throw back to Mega Man II.The end features Dr Wiley being thrown in jail, with the last words and a newspaper picture printed.  The ending provides good closure for the series, but then Capcom spoils that by saying "To be continued".  Still a good way to close the NES leg of Mega Man's journey as far as story-wise goes.Mega Man also has some new features.  Taking a page from Mario, he has a rush adapter that allows him to fly (albeit, pretty briefly).  This is featured prominently on the game art.  Beat returns.  I would like to have flown longer, given how much this was hyped.Is MEGA MAN VI a good game? Yes.  Without a doubt.  It would be an even better game its five predecessors did not exist.  Because ultimately, even though they tried adding some new things to the Mega Man formula, at the end of the day, Capcom with this title feels tired and uninspired, like they trying to squeeze one more dollar out of the Mega Man franchise.  But that's largely because MEGA MAN VI is just more of the same.  If you like the formula you'll love this title.  But it is still very formulaic.All the NES Mega Man games are good, but they're largely the same.  I'd go with II or III first, but if you haven't played any Mega Man games VI is a good place to start.  But II and III should be your first choice.
When i bought this game i thought it would be much different. I had the first and third mario games for the nes so i wanted to complete the trilogy and buy the seconed one. I played like a 1 miniute demo of the game but it was not long enough. so when i bought it and it came to me, it came to me that this is not the same mario. The only  part i like about it is there is a choice of 4 cherecters each of their own special moves. Mario is just regular but he looks almost completly different. Luigi looks different too but it is really annoying with his cherecter that he slides everywhere when he walks or runs. Peach is not being rescued on this game she is my favorite charecter because so floats for a short period of time and she controls well. Toad on the otherhand can jump very high and go fast. Each charecter can duck and when it glows u can do a super jump. They also can pick up items in the ground like onions and plants and throw it at the enemy. THAT IS ALSO THE ONLY WAY U CAN DEFEAT THEM TOO. There is no jumping on them anymore. To defeat the bosses u jump on their eggs they spit out at u and u pick them up and throw it at them. IT TURNS OUT THAT THIS IS THE JAPANESE FAMICON VERSION (DOKI DOKI PANIC),NOT MARIO. They just changed the charecters to mario.What did nintindo think when they did this? This game is also hard to beat, i could not even get to world 3. If there is even that many. ITS NOT EVEN 2 PLAYER!!! The only reason i still have it is because its part of the trigoly and it will be worth more when u sell all of them together. I gave it a 3 star because its mario and i love the games.
The original. It's needless to say that every video game series has to start somewhere. For Mega Man, the beginning was in December of 1987 on the Nintendo Entertainment System. As easy as it is for one to slap down a date and call it a starting point, when did Mega Man become a household name, when did it really take off? Look no further than Mega Man II and Mega Man III.Why am talking about the immediate sequels when it's the original that's on the table here? When dissecting a game, it's good to start with a dose of reality. Most people (Capcom included) would probably have a hard time saying that the original Mega Man was a complete success. In fact, the creation of the superior Mega Man II was considered a "rogue effort" by the developers involved, a project that was far from being on the front burner. So in going from one game that almost never had a sequel to a game that now has nine, where does the original Mega Man fit in beyond being a point of origin?To get to the bottom of that question, one has to at least focus on the first three games. As odd as this may sound in this day and age, Mega Man's initial adventure was undoubtedly unique. I'm not talking about things like having six bosses instead of the standard eight or the lack of energy tanks, but the impersonal, industrial feel the stages. Other elements, like gun turret traps, the drab color palette, uneven difficulty and lack of support characters fueled the feeling that you were truly alone, that you were charged with terminating six humanoid robots with little to no explanation. All you knew was that they had to be destroyed.This begs the question: what is the original Mega Man known for? It's collection of robot masters? It's insane crash damage when fighting the Yellow Devil? It's somewhat peculiar and forgettable level design? These are all good answers, but it's only one them - the game's cast of robot masters - that are truly memorable. Obviously, the game's music goes hand and hand with this, but beyond these simplistic yet loveable characters there's nothing here the sequels don't or can't do better.This is why the original Mega Man is for the true-blue Mega Man fan only; casual fans can get by without or have a more engrossing time with one of its sleeker and much more welcoming successors like Mega Man 2 or 6. If anything, a NES cart of Mega Man is more of a trophy than a tangible playing experience, which is not exactly the greatest reason to buy something.
Of all the games of the NES era, Mega Man sticks out in my mind as being the hardest.  I didn't expect it to include the things that would later go into the series such as the charge shot, or Rush or anything like that, but when I first played it, I was flabbergasted by it's extreme difficulty.  As a kid I thought it was a great game.  Now that I'm older, I can look at it with a critical eye and say that it is a good game, but even for an old school gamer, Mega Man is a game that so rightfully needed the remake that it was garnered in the PSP, and was also a game that seriously needed tweaking even when it was first released in the 80's.As with all old school games of the 8-bit era, Mega Man's focus was not story.  It was gameplay.  Storlyines didn't become important until the 16-bit era.  So if you wanted to know the premise, you needed to read the instruction manual.  Of course, you probably know it without the use of the instruction booklet anyway.Mega Man's gameplay was pretty simple.  You played as the blue bomber and selected one of six robot masters to go off and face.  You went through the level and would eventually find the robot master and take them down.  Each Robot Master was weak to another Robot Masters weapon.  In the end this proved to be a staple of the Mega Man series.  Each time you defeat a boss, you get his weapon and move on.  Fantastic.The game was difficult, though.  And when I say difficult, I'm not joking.  For one, you've got no energy tanks, and the energy pellets that restore health are not dropped very often.  Also, there are no passwords so you have to complete the game in one sitting.  Bosses also did a lot of damage to you.  For a series, Mega Man got off to a great start, but as an indiviual game, the fun is actually taken away because of the difficulty (the Yellow Devil comes to mind).  You're not invulnerabe to spikes if you get hit, and there are no energy tanks.  That makes up the bulk of the difficulty.  This probably won't bother those who played the games in order, but I started with Mega Man II.  The other big thing about the difficulty was the Magnet Beam.  You'll have to grab it in order to get further in Wily's fortress, but you don't get it by traditional means.  You have to find it in a level.  This brings about another gripe with the difficulty, if you go back to a level you must fight that Robot Master AGAIN, and you might not be prepared for that.Music wise I also didn't think highly of the first Mega Man.  A lot of the music just didn't sound fantastic to begin with.  There were some good tunes (Wily's fortress, Cut Man's stage), but there were also tunes I dreaded a lot (Ice Man's stage, the Boss Fight music).  Again, though, this is the first game.  It's just getting things started.Mega Man is a good game, but the extreme difficulty might be a bit much for even your average old school gamer who's used to such difficult feats.  It's a good game, and it'll probably test your skills more than the likes of Contra.  However, I'm not the kind of gamer who is used to that.  I was able to complete Mega Man, but it's not an easy game.  But I've heard of gamers going through the whole game without getting hit once, which means the difficulty really does provide a lot of fun.
It's not a bad game but it's just nothing special, I mean you play as Link in the game and the text is boring. The magic system is kind of cool however, you travel from place to place fighting monsters and have to locate new spells and items.  It's kind of like your regular Zelda game just as a platformer.  If you really want to try it buy it,otherwise you could skip this one.  All and all it's just average is all.
If you've played the first Zelda for the NES, then prepare for shock, because this second installment is WAY different. In some ways better, in some ways not. Graphics and sound are better this time around, but nothing that really blew my socks off--even then. Once again the story is dreadfully weak, but I don't really expect that much from an NES title. When you start off, Princess Zelda is unconscious or something--too many beers at the Ganon-is-dead party? Once again, Link goes out to save the world. The biggest change in this game is this: Maps are top-down like Dragon Warrior or Final Fantasy (semi-random battles, too), but the towns and dungeons are in the side-view. The side-view graphics are good, but I wish they'd stick to the original format that was used in the first game. Throughout the game, Link can learn different sword techniques--up thrust, down stab, maybe one other. It certainly adds more strategy to the game. Also, Link can use magic spells. Once again there're tons of dungeons to go into, with the only differences being the ending bosses, mazes, and colors. The last battle in this game is pretty interesting--Link fights his own shadow--but is either too hard or too easy. At first I had the hardest time because the shadow mirrors your every move. But after about the fifth time, I figured it out and whooped him good in under a minute. So much for the ever-so-difficult ending boss. I personally have never found the Zelda series all that exciting, but this game is not too bad.
Ok, this is a great game, but, it can be very frustrating. You die too quickly. Some enimies are very frustrating, like the purple flying robot, if he finds you, he will get to the bottom, so you can't attack him, unless you're lucky enough to have the ability toplace bombs while rolling. The first most frustrating ememy in the game is the flys that come out of the pipes. They're extremely annoying!! They're are not stupid, if you jump, they will go higher on the next attack. It is just so annoying!!! I reccommend this game, but, be aware that this game is frustrating. The other thing is that the password system is frustrating, because, it is easy to confuse different characters with others.Overall, I reccommend it, but, watch out for the flys!!!
This is a fun little old game, but can't compare to any of the others. Zero Mission was an excellent remake of this game.
I've always loved Capcom's Vs. series games, but I must say I am somewhat  dissapointed with Marvel Vs. Capcom 2.  I object to the removal of medium  attacks, even though it does make it easier to play on the awkward  dreamcast controller.  Some characters suffer more than others from it (a  few have completely lost their ability to execute their launching move on  command), while others seem to benefit from it (Jin gets chain combos out  of the deal).  I can't deny that this game is a lot of fun once you adjust  to the new control style, but it still has problems.  No personalized  endings, gameplay which encourages cheapness over strategy, and pixelated  characters will likely dissapoint hardcore fans.  Marvel Vs. Capcom 2 does  include every character from every other Vs. game, and more, which raises  the fighter roster to an amazing 56 characters.  The bottom line is: If you  want quality, play X-men Vs. Street Fighter or Marvel Vs. Capcom.  If you  want quantity, play Marvel Vs. Capcom 2.
This game was odd at best, and really not completely worth the time it took to complete.  I expected more from Square, at least they redeemed themselves with Final Fantasy IX.
...and gave up. I can't give this a one or two star grade cause it certainly has quality. My three star grade was hoping this game would grab me and it never did. Too many weird looking characters to enlist. The violin battle music I found irritating. The combat system itself didn't make much sense. Neither did the story. I completed the first disk. It could be possible that I just didn't "get it". Maybe over my head or something but I've played enough turn based RPGs in my time. Based on all the glowing reviews either I didn't get it, or this game is overrated.
this game had two huge flaws to be great.  One was that the battle system just plain sucked.  It really wasent enjoyible.  Two, the story was way to confusing.  If it wasnt for these 2 things it would have been a great game.
First of all, I am a huge RPG fan....especially the squaresoft rpgs.  Maybe it's just me, but I just couldn't stand Chrono Cross. It's okay for a while, but it just gets so boring and you'll never play it again.  I think the plot is just stupid and the boss just isn't ..evil enough.Like I said, maybe it's just me.  Anyway...The Graphics are great, the sound is alright, control is good, but the gameplay dissapointed me. I just didn't like the battles. They just get so boring.The characters...eh, well...are just stupid!  Not all of them, but most of them.All in all, I just didn't like this game. I am a HUGE RPG fan and I was really looking forward to this game, but it just got so boring that I got rid of it.
Chrono Cross WOULD have been a great game, it had a unique system, it was hard, it had a good plot, it had many side quests.  For any one who played Chrono Trigger however, this game does the idea of a sequal little justice.Chrono Cross picks up 10 years after Chrono Trigger ends, at a series of islands too small to use in Chrono Trigger (but I have heard they are there).  It has innumerable playable characters, which makes the game interesting, but has many issues which Squaresoft should have seen.First of all, with the multitude of playable characters, you lose plot.  Some of the characters of the story fit into it in many ways, these are the main characters such as Serge and Kid.  However there are many characters who just appear.  Starky, Van, and others have no point in the story, only a side quest which sticks to the story like an old, wet bandage.Also, with that many characters, they couldn't give them many techs, so therefore another of Squaresoft's great innovations from Chrono Trigger was lost.  Some history: in Chrono Trigger you have abilities called techs.  You learn these as you gain AP (gained like EXP, only slower).  Monsters, who moved about on the screen, would be targeted by techs in different ways.  Some techs would only hit one monster, some would hit monsters in a certain radius from the character, or from the target monster, and some would hit all monsters.  Since the monsters were constantly moving, this made placement of the characters and monsters essential to how techs were cast.  Also each character had three double techs with each other character, and each combination of characters which included the main character had a triple tech.  Not so in Chrono Cross.  I believe there were about 12 to 20 double and triple techs, and three techs per character (there were about 10 or more in Chrono Trigger).  This meant that you would have to go through the game more than once possibly to discover who had them.  Sometimes these characters couldn't even be gotten together in one game, so you may have to go through three times to find a certain move.  Also with all the side quests to get many of the items, I recomend the strategy guide for this game also.The game's plot also had some gaps.  There are certain places where you are expected to do something, but either don't know which world to do it in, or can't find where to do it.  Sometimes you will have a suggested opportunity to get new characters which you won't know about because it never suggests exploring certain places.  There is one point where it is essential to find characters, but it doesn't tell you they are available.  Another annoying plot point is that any character will suddenly join the party with the knowledge of every event that has occured in the story, there is no explaination scene, a fact which annoys me when a new character in the group starts talking in detail about an event which happened before they joined the group.The game is fun, and the new game +, one of the few elements which was kept over from Chrono Trigger, allows for great replayability.  All in all though, I was dissapointed.  I expected a sequal true to the original's good points, something not delivered upon to my dismay.
This game is a giant leap from the other game boy pokemon games. Everything in Red and Blue are twice as better in this sequel. Now you can get 16 badges and like twice as much pokemon as Red and Blue. This game is a little harder, three times as long, and more fun. You can do more things like breed pokemon, travel from one region to another, get on the boat as long as you want, and lots of other stuff.
this game is almost perfect. the graphics are cartoonish and great , and you feel like your playing a comic book . also i liked how they combined arcade with action and stealth. the game really had a stealthy and "thievie" atmosphere to it , because you had to sneak around all the time so the guards wont notice you in each level , and you can also pickpocket them to get money , or get jewels from them so you can then sell the jewels for money(you can use the money to buy gadgets for your gang ) . another thing that gives a "thief" atmosphere to the game are the missions. some missions really have the "stealthy" feel to them . there is one mission were you have to bug your enemie's office, and then at your HQ you can hear what he says. there's also another mission where you have to shoot a guy with sleep darts , then when his asleep you have to steal something from him . and there are other missions like this , and they are very well done and fun . there are also many fun minigames to play in . and people who played the previous game will be glad to know that in this game you can control sly , but also bentley and murray( your partners) you can buy gadgets and upgrades for each of them with coins you earn(as mentioned above). the game is also pretty long , it took me about 20 hours to finish it .it has 7 levels, and they're really fun . also the bosse sand characters are cool and funny .  but the only, and i mean only, thing i didn't like about his game is that you cant replay any missions after you finish them , unless you start the game over from the beginning. also there aren't any unlockables for the game , so there isn't much replay value . i found this a major diappointment. but the game was really great, other then the fact that there isn't a big repaly value .
The first Sly Cooper was a simple cel-shaded stealth that was both easy and fun.  This one, the sequel is also cel-shaded stealth based game, but this time the little levels are replaced with a few giant episodes with multiple missions within that episodes.There are three characters that can be controlled, Bentley, a little turtle with bombs, Murray, a hippo with punching power, or the character you'll primarily play as, Sly, a racoon who can jump and pickpocket.  There are eight episodes, each one requires either one of the characters to move towards one place in the level in order for the mission to start.  Each mission usually consists of pickpocketting or sneaking around with Sly, smashing or carrying stuff with Murray, , or participating in a mini mission with Bentley (either a 2-D flying shooter or a low tech move a triangle through an obstacle course thingy - both are pretty boring).While the description is pretty basic, the unfortunate thing is that that is pretty much it.  For 20 hours, you will constantly move traverse to one part of a level, which is sometimes not trivial, view a slideshow, do a few of the things described above, and repeat over and over again.  The eight episodes are different looking in some aspects, but it's still the same thing over and over again.  After a while I find myself screaming at the game, "Sly can pickpocket, I get it, can I do something different?"The good thing is that the game engine is fantastic.  The jumping, the sneaking, the graphics, the controls are all well done.  If they shortened the game, added some different types of missions, and removed a lot of the repetitiveness, it would be one of the greatest games ever.  Another great thing is that even though most of the missions are the same, you rarely repeat parts of a mission because if you die or get caught, you usually don't have to start the whole mission over again.  It really cuts down on the frustration.  Also, the game is really balanced in terms of difficulty.  It's never really hard at any one point, and the later levels don't leave a bad taste in your mouth like other games where the make the final parts of the game nearly impossible.In terms of graphics, it's overall very well done.  Usually an episode consists of a small town, castle or prison that is both cartoony (in a good way), yet very detailed.  A lot of time and effort was done making the episodes.  The only problem I had was that color scheme was pretty similar, making it look monochromatic after a while.The movies are decent, though most of it was in slide shows format, but you still get a lot without interrupting the action.All in all, it's quite a different game from the first one.  In some aspects it's much, much better, but overall, it just wasn't as fun.Pros:Huge levels require lots of exploringGood mixture of stealth and thieveryRequires little repeating of missionNever really stuck at any one placeGood graphicsNo guide requiredGood balanceCons:Same basic missions over and over againRequires traversing the same terrain over and over againJust plain annoying after a whileMini games are stupid and lameTime to complete: 20 hoursFrustration level: low/mediumDifficultly level: low
I must say this multitap is one of the worst buys their is out their. Playstation doesn't have the multitap built in like x-box or other similar systems so you have to buy this in order to play multiplayer games...Speaking of which how many are thier. Have you noticed that their really are not that many multiplayer games out there. This multitap costs so much I am surprised many buy it for how many times they would actually use it. The fact is, is that the consumer rate compared to the cost you are paying for the actual prodcut is much lower then the $26 you are spending. You have to consider how many times you are going to use the product before you start going out and buying it. I use this product has much as I can with my friends. Party use is useless cause you know how parties go everyone goes crazy. For sports games it excellent but with large numbers of people (Over 4 people) you will have to get another multitap anyways so you can fit at least 8 people onto the system. Thats a $50 value!! Unless you all are really going to play it that much I would recommend not to buy this product. It sounds good but in order to buy it you must be able to use it. With certain amount of non-use the Sony Playstation Multitap causes disorder and turns defected which is hazardous to your playstation 2. Instead of buying a mulitiap I would recommend a online adapter. Same Multiplayer value, no wires, and no smelly people sitting next to ya.
This review is based solely on my experience with the single-player campaign of Neverwinter Nights.  Thus, I can't comment on the on-line capacity of the game.  I bought this game thinking that it was the successor of Bioware's excellent Baldur's Gate series, which are among my all-time favorite video games.  In a few ways it does improve upon these earlier masterpieces, but in many more ways it proved to be an inferior gaming experience.  Unless you have the time and patience to explore this game's on-line side, don't bother getting it.  There are many better computer roleplaying games out there (e.g., Morrowind, Baldur's Gate, Diablo 2, etc.).Gameplay: This is a D&D-style; fantasy adventure that Bioware has made a reputation for presenting well.  You create a character at the beginning and build him/her up with experience points during a 70-80 hour main quest.  The basic idea is similar to other such games, but the implementation here is unexciting.  First, this is a single-character game in which you don't have a party.  You can hire a mercenary, but for the most part you are on your own.  It makes for a rather uninteresting experience, since your hired hand does not have much of a personality and specializes primarily in poor pathfinding and suicidal behavior while in combat.  Unlike great games by Bioware such as Baldur's Gate and Knights of the Old Republic, you virtually have no control over your mercenary, who is often a liability.Another problem with the game is its structure.  It is largely comprised of dungeon crawl after dungeon crawl after dungeon crawl.  A few of the dungeons are well done and memorable, and the game does pack in an awful lot of monsters.  But the experience is rather claustrophobic insofar as your adventures are boxed into four chapters in which you simply explore a town, its countryside, and underground areas.  Unlike Baldur's Gate, you can't revisit towns that were in previous chapters, and there is really no reason to since they are rather generic in feel.The story itself is not a bad one, but is full of cliches and rather predictable.  You can take the noble good-guy route or be an outright villain, but the main story will unfold in the same way.  The main deficiency with the single-player campaign is the almost utter lack of connection that you feel with your character and the other NPCs you'll encounter.  There is none of the banter, bickering, and cameraderie that made the characters so memorable in Baldur's Gate.  Here, your mercenary has no stories to tell and even main characters like Aribeth and Aarin Gend are just there to push the story alone.Perhaps even more distressing is how unstable this game was on my computer.  I had the 1.23 patch and it crashed to desktop about every 30 minutes.  The current patch (1.65) is available at Bioware's website, but it's 66MB!  If you have a dial-up internet connection like me, you know what that means (hours of waiting to download).  It's really a shame that Bioware has fallen into the pattern of other developers and has begun releasing games that still have technical issues (I had similar crash problems with Knights of the Old Republic, but the Baldur's Gate games were models of stability).  I hope that they avoid this with Neverwinter Nights 2.Graphics: The game looks good, but not great.  Graphics are largely an evolutionary improvement over Baldur's Gate.  There are a few interesting changes, such as more combat moves, spell effects, and so forth. You can zoom the camera in close to the action, but things get blocky looking.  Those who do use the Aurora toolset that comes with the game should have a lot to choose from, though this game is not the best looking RPG available.Sounds: The music was good and set the atmosphere.  Voice acting was hit-and-miss, with the whiny main character, Aribeth, being the worst offender.  Overall, the sounds in the game served their purpose, but didn't rescue the otherwise mediocre plot or excuse the lack of real character development.Replay/value: Since I don't play games on-line or have an interest in downloading mods by others, Neverwinter Nights had a short shelf-life for me.  Due to the ho-hum story, bland characters, and crashing, I won't be rushing out to buy Neverwinter Nights 2.  If you like dungeon crawling for dungeon crawling's sake and haven't played some truly extraordinary games like Morrowind or Baldur's Gate, then this game might be worth a try (be sure to get the latest patch).  Otherwise, skip this one, since it doesn't begin to measure up to the high standards previously set by Bioware.
If I could think of a way to best describe Neverwinter Nights, it would be Diablo meets Baldur's Gate. The game is made by the same people that designed Baldur's Gate but it's more of a mainstream "hack and slash" adventure than an epic RPG. Don't get me wrong, the in-game story is great but it just doesn't feel like a classic RPG. One reason for this might be because of the easy-to-use Aurora Toolset. If you've ever messed around with PC game editors, this one will probably be the easiest custom content maker you'll ever use. It was designed that way so that D&D fans everywhere could quickly create their own adventures. (The game even allows you to act as a Dungeon Master with your spiffy new adventures.) Unfortunately, the official adventure included with Neverwinter Nights also uses the same toolset that was designed for "Joe Schmoe" and something probably gets lost in the process because each map uses the same same grid design and 3-D structures. Frankly, most maps just feel the same and after all is said and done, the offical campaign in NWN comes across as an average gaming experience. Keep in mind too that while it's very easy to place items and creatures with the toolset, you'll need a basic knowledge of programming to script actions in your module. If you're convinced that this game is for you, check out the newer Neverwinter Nights Gold which comes with the original game as well as the first expansion (Shadows of Undrentide). You may even want to wait a little longer because the second and last expansion (Hordes of the Underdark) just came out and undoubtedly, it will soon be packaged in a newer "platinum" edition. Make sure you check the official Bioware website so that you can download one of the many custom adventures designed by gamers. There is also a fairly large online community and many gamers have set up their own servers that are up and running 24/7 for online D&D fun. I had a good time with Neverwinter Nights, but not everyone may find the game as enjoyable, especially if they don't like online play or the easy-to-use toolset. If you enjoy the feel and gameplay of NWN, it has an extremely long lifespan because of the online community, but many gamers don't find the game that appealing to begin with.
Neverwinter Nights has been praised by much of the gaming press in the time since its release, yet I can't help but feel that they have somehow overlooked the game's numerous and glaring flaws. I'm not claiming that Nights isn't a fun combat-oriented RPG (with more brains than Diablo and most of its ilk) - but does it have problems? Oh yeah, it definitely does!First of all, here's a list of what the game does well: As one might expect from a Dungeons & Dragons product, the character creation segment is deeply involving for die-hard RPGers, and it is worlds better than the "here's your pick of classes and a name" system that so many shallow RPGs employ these days. The graphics are immediately appealing to the eye - particularly where the player character models are concerned. Swords shimmer in the light and armor flickers as you pass by flaring torches. The hand-drawn artwork that accompanies this polygonal world is also top-of-the-line. This game is massively replayable (assuming you dig the game in the first place). With all of the character options and quests, the official single player campaign is quite massive (although the story-driven part of the campaign is rather brief). On top of this, the mod community is thriving, and should produce material that is even better than what the folks at Bioware have given us. The combat animations are the best I've ever seen in an RPG. You can actually see your character deflecting incoming blows and generally fighting for his or her life. Your opponents do likewise. The best thing about Neverwinter Nights is that it generally allows the player to tackle problems in various ways. For example, you can enter that dungeon through the main entrance, sneak around the back, or enter through the cellar in some cottage nearly a mile away.Neverwinter Nights certainly has its strengths - some of which should henceforth be required in a self-respecting RPG. Unfortunately, the game has more than its share of faults that you may not have heard about at PC Gamer or Gamespot. Here are some examples: Despite all of the things there are to do in and around the city of Neverwinter, the scenery is horrendously repetitive. Sure, the outdoor segments of the game really shine from a graphical standpoint (most notably the druid encampment mid-way through the campaign), but once you head indoors, things get really bland. It's not because the level design is poor, but because the game suffers from repetitive textures. For example, you begin the game in the Academy at Neverwinter, which, oddly enough, resembles pretty much every other indoor locale the game has to offer. Get used to it, or you're not going to enjoy adventuring all that much. As I mentioned before, the game sports some impressive visuals - but somehow, despite this, the enemy character models tend to look rather silly. Orcs look like blocky rejects from WarCraft, and panthers' legs disjoint as they run to catch up with you. Needless to say, the enemies probably won't impress much. The storyline is severely lacking in Neverwinter Nights. The game does include some memorable characters, events, and one particularly good surprise, but apart from that, it's just another "bring down the evil cult" sort of scenario. Note to all you game-makers out there: hold the evil cultist stuff. It's tired. Neverwinter Nights also suffers from poor writing. Conversations with NPCs are most often boring, and that's a shame since there's so bloody much conversing going on throughout the course of the game! On top of this, the voice acting is generally bad. These people like to chew the heck out of that proverbial scenery. "Ha-ha-ha-ha! You are too late to stop me!" Yeah, it's like that. There are many portraits to choose from when you're setting up an alternate persona, and yet the NPCs wandering about in the game world can end up looking just like you! It was annoying in Baldur's Gate, and it's annoying now. NPC portraits and PC portraits should be completely different from one another, and I don't care how busy the artists get. Buggy. I reached a point in the game where a bug prevented me from continuing, and I had to RESTART the entire game. That is BAD, folks.All in all, my take on Neverwinter Nights is that it's a good, enjoyable adventure that's worth taking, provided you know what to expect and don't subscribe to all that media hype floating around out there. Don't be fooled - this game has its problems, and it is completely undeserving of its 95 of 100 score in mags like PC Gamer. Fortunately, solid gameplay keeps you coming back for more... provided some of the bugs don't force you into early retirement.Final Grade: C+
I was deciding whether or not to join a RPG club, and I wound up playing this game.  I played for the entire time!  Part of this was learning how to set up magic and all the other controls, but once I figured most of the stuff I had fun with it anyway.  What I liked about this was that I think it allowed for both mouse and cursor movement (I think, but I played this awhile ago), which is good because I hate trying to click on a moving object.  I also liked how the game progressed, and even allowed for multiclassing.  The other thing that took so long was that I wanted to get every little treasure, and for the most part I managed it.There was one thing that wasn't correct, though.  A friend and I sat down one time and wrote a character sheet, and it turned out that the druid learned one spell per day (plus perhaps one or two extra for his wisdom), but could use it up to three times per day at the start. NWN seemed to be designed backward in this respect, as it said spells per day was different spells that the druid possessed, but they were only useable one time per day. The sorceror seemed to have normal uses per day, but I believe they were just starting out, and this might account for it being normal rather than backwards as well. As we understood it, spells per day actually meant just that, the spells that were used per day, whereas this spells known meant sepearate spells known. While the spells known might plausibly have given up to 9 different spells, each with 4 uses (spells per day), though I doubt it, I really don't think it was designed to have four different spells, each with up to 9 individual uses. It seemed like it would make more sense to have it as a mana pool, especially since wizards have unlimited arcana, this would mean spells per day was actually 4 uses per day, with any spell, and in a mana pool once 4 spells were cast from that spell level it gets expended. Rather than 4 spells and unlimited uses, which is why I pretty sure it was backward.
I bought this game and I thought it was going to be easy. So, I played it for a while. Somehow, I found out about everything, but the only thing that is confusing is which temple to go to or which dungeon do I go. That's why I rather buy the Player's Guide to cheat on this game as soon as I can. That way I will understand the game. I did the same for Ocarina of Time because it was kind of confusing too. So, whenever Zelda comes out with a new game. Buy the Player's Guide, so that you can cheat on the game. I hate to break the code, but it's worth winning the game.
It been awile since I played this game back in 2000, but now for fun and nostalgia I have gone back to playing my old N64 Games, and this one is one that defineatly deserves a review. This, of course is the Sequal to the fabulous, gorgious ocarina of time, and is the start of the "New" theme of Zelda games (Nothing to do with predescor, More Japanese themed, More Child-Oriented), Thus starting the trend  towards the overly-colorful and strange two new game boy titles, and the cel-shaded cartoony gamecube title (yes, im going to hate it too). This game starts out as link is searching for Navi in some unchatred forest, only to be robbed by a colorfully masked bandit, who, is very short and wears a huge multi-colored mask with japanese designs on it. He steals link's Ocarina and horse, and runs off with them, with you chasing behind. Links possestion of the ocarina and horse are the only things that have anything to do with OcarinaOfTime, other than its THE EXACT SAME GAME with new places/quests/objects. Same character models, same animations, same songs/SFX, same objects, With only a small amount of new things to fit those categories, although i really didnt hear any new sounds, Oh well, on to the review. The gameplay and controls (Oooh, big suprise here) are the same as OOT, only now link is traversing through an ancient japan/europe type place, that is MUCH more technologicaly advanced than hyrule, with neon lights, large telescopes with blue star-patterend walls,  postal services, clock towers, and CAROUSEL MUSIC THAT KILLS ZOMBIES. If you havnt noticed the way this game is overunned with cartoony Japanese stuff, theres something wrong with you, just to let you know. OOT completly emmersed you into it's renesance english type city, complete with a marketplace, shrine, and castle. Majoras Mask substitutes that with a freezing cold mountain next door to a flaming hot beach. OK, so the world is very differnt, and alot like a Japanese Cartoon, so lets get to the gameplay. As I mentioned before, the gameplay is excactly the same as OOT's, same moves, controls, some new enimies, mostly old enimies, same old same old, only now the dungeons (Half the amount of 'em as OOT) are more combat oriented than puzzle based. But this time, there are more side-quests. Using a special notebook to keep track of what side quests you completed and who you still need to run errands for, you can embark on a jorney to save a farm from aliens trying to take it's cows, a little inocent (and suprisingly alive) girl heal her mutated, mummified dad, or stay awake while listing to grandma's storys (seriously, that Really IS a sub quest). The sound is nothing new, with many birds chirping and flapping in the background and water trickling down streams, thunder roaring up in the air, while this may sound great, you wont be impressed, because you already have been impressed by OOT's sound. Graphics- smae as above. I dont know about you, but I think this is still a good game, but when you really think about it, this game is overloaded with japanese and fantasy themes than the Renesance/ Medievil themes that OOT was placed with, wich I loved, and honestly, I just cant play this anymore and be excited about it, Im playing a Japanese cartoon, not an epic Medievil knight's tale filled with mysterous shrines, beautiful villages, adrenaline-pounding boss fights, no, im saving a worthless-anyway land from a moon that has a face, with yellow eyes, and teeth, anyway, if you already own OOT, dont get this because it's cheap, if you don't own OOT, get OOT, but if OOT is not even being selled used anymore, and you know its not, not anywhere, get this game as a small subsitute.
After recently beating Twilight Princess, I decided to go back and try Majora's Mask on the Wii Virtual Console. I'd never played it before, but had fond memories of Ocarina of Time. For whatever reason though, I just couldn't get into this game. It just doesn't seem to have aged well and I can't justify playing it, especially when compared to all of the other games and activities I could be doing with my time.Some of this isn't the game's fault. After being spoiled by Twilight Princess' graphics and the more intuitive game control of the Wii, this N64 game just feels clumsy and not aesthetically pleasing. Admittedly, the graphics were great for their time, but look old now. The music and characters and scenery are all well done, but just don't provide the epic scale of Ocarina of Time or Twilight Princess.However, my biggest problem with the game is the central game mechanism - the 3-day time limit. You have 3 days (not 3 actual days, but 3 in-game days) to complete a quest, and then you have to reset the game and try again. Thus, any items you need must be acquired within that time. Even though this is usually plenty of time, it still feels rushed to me. I always like taking my time and exploring in games, not rushing. In Twilight Princess, one of my favorite things to do was ride Hyrule Fields on Epona and kill goblins. The 3 days takes some of the fun out of the exploration for me.Overall, I'd really only recommend this to hardcore Zelda fans. If you want to try a Zelda game, try Twilight Princess for the Wii, or better yet wait for Skyward Sword, which should be out later this year or early next.
As with anything, Majora's Mask has it's good parts and bad parts. I'll start with the bad first.First and foremost, this cart is expensive. The game itself is ... (a higher end priced game), but there is also an expansion pack required on top of that which can cost another .... So you want to be sure you want it before you get it. M.M. is also much more difficult than the previous Ocarina of Time. You should definitely plan on buying a players guide to go with it.Probably the thing that stands out most once you get past the sheer cost is the new time limiting factor of game play. As the story goes, you have three days to finish whatever sidequest or dungeon you are currently on before you have to play the Song of Time and start over again. When this happens, only side quests and dungeons are saved. You lose everything else.  This has a tendency to make the player feel rushed and may keep them from taking the time to make the most of this game.The time limit does have an up side to it however. It forces the game to be extremely compartmentalized.  You have a specific goal to reach in your time of playing, you reach it, save the game, then when you come back to it, you move on to a different goal. You always know what you want to get accomplished in each three day period. Therefore, game play is very goal oriented and you know when you're making progress.The graphics are, much better than Ocarina of time. The cinematics are amazing and often very humorous. Link is also given a set of new abilities that are always fun getting a handle on.  The last word is that this game is fun. I've found it very hard to put down it's so addictive. If you can justify the cost, it all boils down to a really good game, especially if you're already a Zelda fan.
All the humor is this game might be amusing if not for the gawd-awful controls. Even after Conker sobers up, he still acts like he's drunk -- just like the developers. Thanks a lot, Rare!! You ruined my life!!Seriously though, I don't remember the controls being this bad, so maybe my controller's busted.The game opens with a tribute to Wendy Carlos' Clockwork Orange theme song and Conker sitting in a throne, about to explain how he became king of the land. "It was a bad fur day."  Next thing you know, Conker's in a bar leaving a message on Berri's answering machine. Berri is the grey chipmunk on the right side of the cover in the pink two-piece. The control-response starts out really bad because Conker is drunk stupid. Then things clear up a bit after he talks to a marijuana plant. From there on, things just seem to get weirder. Rare wanted to make a fairy tale parody with sick humor, and that's exactly what they did.
It is a well-crafted, fun game. I wish the graphics concentrated less on unrealistic rainbow-lighting and character expressions and realistic fur and things like that and just attempted to make the graphics easier to discern, with decent textures, instead the screen is cut up and you have to squint sometimes, even if you have perfect vision you'll see a boatload of fuzz. The N64 really made this game look almost too fugly to play I'd say, what's the point of 3D is it isn't clear what's ahead of you? Multi-player is the best in years, though the screen gets smaller and soooooo FUZZY!Single-player is pretty fun as well. The movie nods are really dull, it's not unique or funny, you just recognize it as from a movie, you don't really get to play through a scene. For instance, you just watch the opening of A Clockwork Orange only with Conker as the star (maybe that will make you laugh like crazy, but not me). Actually, I hated most of the cinema scenes. Some, like the bee talking to Conker are nice, but the evil villain and his henchmen were so dry, Conker really isn't laugh-out-loud funny or even laugh-inside funny.Playing as a bat was much fun! It went out of it's way to be immature, though and that cheapened it. I'm sure Conker 2 will be way better on Xbox, it has a lot of potential, it needs to be more unique when it comes to gameplay, but I like most Banjo Kazooie aspects. We've just seen this type of gameplay repeatedly made since 1996 and it's getting quite a bit old. An interesting plot would go far with this, along with a better reason why he's moving through all these different worlds. The humor would come from being character-based, maybe there should be more than just Conker starring in the next game. I would prefer if Conker were to make fun of different videogames instead of films, that has never really been done at all, unlike movie parodies which are lame and done to death. Conker 2 could make fun of RPGs in a vulgar/violent way (!), or cutesy kid games like Banjo, first-person shooters like Goldeneye, any videogame stereotype or genre, etc. etc.This first game is a rental, I'd say. It's about as engaging as a dumb movie. Hopefully the sequel will be out Quickly!
I'm not sure why I purchased this game really. I guess I got suckered in by all the media hype surrounding the M rating and the so-called constant swearing. I don't know if it's my age, but when a game promises bad language why are some of the words still bleeped out (I know why but that isn't the point here)? It should have been an all or nothing deal.So pushing aside the unusual choices in their words is the game really that good? Well, sort of. The controls are bordering on deplorable. Conker's jumping ability as well as the action buttons are instantaneous. Yet Conker's attack has a very distinct lag. Why? Because the programmers, for some bizarre reason, chose to have Conker go through an extensive animation sequence of drawing out his frying pan and then using it to whack whatever. And why can't I run and wa . . . hit at the same time? The lag and quirky controls during some sequences could be forgiven if it wasn't for that idiot camera.Obviously the programmers have never heard of Jelly-cams or even a Ghost-cam. The camera is a crucial aspect to any good game. It doesn't matter how good the game play, control, story line of the game is. If the camera isn't up to par, the game isn't up to par. There are numerous instances where the player is unable to see what is around Conker because the camera is forced to obey the laws of the 3D world. Never, in any game, should the camera be the direct cause of the death of any character. The angle of the camera makes it very difficult to gauge the distance between Conker and numerous climbing ropes, enemies, dangerous blades, platforms, and several unmentionables. The camera controls do little to alleviate the camera problems since the camera can't pass through insignificant walls, platforms and sometimes enemies. There were numerous times I couldn't see the next place Conker was supposed to go to because I couldn't rotate the camera due to some idiot platform in the way. It saddens me that numerous gamers today have forgotten how a camera is supposed to behave.So pushing aside the crummy camera work, quirky controls, and bad language, is there anything good at all about this game? Well, yes there is. This game suffers from what many modern day games suffer from, A whole boatload of eye candy. Aside from some unusual areas that could potentially cause blindness, the in game graphics and animation are very slick given the limitations. Hasn't anyone noticed? The box nor the instructions specify that the game requires the N64 memory expansion card that a previous Rareware game required. Since the game doesn't require one, I sometimes wonder how much more the game could have been if it took full potential of the N64. It's fairly safe to say that I have never met a person that owns the N64 and doesn't have the &quot;optional&quot; mem' card installed. And along with the quirky controls and slick graphics comes a story that's neither.The story really doesn't make a whole lot of sense but then again neither does the fact that a drunk red squirrel is dating a a tailless gray squirrel (which looks like her design was heavily influenced by Lola) and the baddest guy around looks a bit like a beefed up Bagheera followed around by Hyena henchmen. Strange really. I'm not going to give away the story but the reasoning for the Panther King's obsession with Conker is certainly strange.Given all of that the game has numerous hurdles, most experienced gamers (like myself) will breeze through this since we've played worse games than this. However, beginner gamers will quickly become frustrated with the quirky control and terrible camera work. I suggest you pick up either of the Banjo games or something similar. However, if you want something that's a good title to show off and a title that could potentially pave the way for adult players, pick this one up. I guarantee this title will be forgotten by the masses but will become a cult favorite by the few dedicated players in a few years.
This game is really cute and has great humor but to be honest it does not have a whole lot going on. The thing I really did not like was that you could not save very often so you really had to devote a lot of time to playing at one sitting.  I did like the way the game was drawn and the story.  Just not all I thought it would be.  Great for kids!
Many people believe the third time is officially the charm.  When a game finally gets everything right as far as gameplay, graphics and music go and delivers the ultimate experience. Other times game developers disregard the things that were most enjoyable the first couple times to put more emphasis on other areas of the game (in this case, the fantastic bonus stages).Why so many people believe Year of the Dragon is the ultimate Spyro game is a total mystery to me. I believe something went wrong with the level design because several of the stages are flat out boring. Maybe Insomniac was under the impression during the creation of this game "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" or maybe people are confusing the fact you have a bunch of playable characters besides Spyro as something of an additional bonus to enhance the gameplay, but I have to disagree strongly.  These extra playable characters definitely aren't enough to put this game over the top I'm afraid.  Nice additions perhaps, but nothing spectacular.No, it's not an example of me getting tired of Spyro either. I've played the first two Spyro games quite a lot. I must have completed the first one at least 20 times, and Ripto's Rage 10 times. I'd play through them again right now if I could.There were some minor flaws with the first two games, but they honestly didn't mean anything to me. Certainly nothing to distract from the incredible gameplay and graphics that were so revolutionary in the development of 3D gaming at the time. I now feel a bit guilty for complaining that the very end of Zephyr seems boring to me because comparing that little area near the end of Zephyr to many of the areas in THIS game... let's just say, I had *nothing* to complain about.To me, the most exciting kind of 3D platformers are the ones that are positively LOADED with tons of little things to collect such as what the first two Spyro games delievered. You know, things like colorful gems scattered around the stages, a nice variety of enemies to take out, little things such as trees and grass included into most areas of every stage with special care and consideration for detail.  Adding these minor details actually make the graphics and gameplay better because they leave a lasting impression.Year of the Dragon feels flat in comparison. To say I'm a little disappointed would be an understatement. I'm *very* disappointed.After all the hype that Spyro's third installment is supposed to be the *ultimate* Spyro adventure by the majority of the gaming community, I was expecting to be blown away completely by this one. I was expecting this game to blow away the previous two by leaps and bounds. Instead, many of the stages are quite ordinary and bland in Spyro 3, and to be totally honest, many of them feel exactly the same, or have that "been there, done that" feeling.  Year of the Dragon is quite similar to Ripto's Rage as far as atmosphere goes, but feels inferior most of the time for reasons that could have been avoided had Insomniac worked harder on making the levels better.  Insomniac instead gave us a game that does nothing truly noteworthy to separate itself from Ripto's Rage.It's disappointing. Rushing through large areas of empty land *just* to finally come across a few scattered gems here and there, or enemies spaced out in such a way that it takes a while to arrive to them... these are the kind of things I dislike about most 3D games.Spyro the Dragon and Ripto's Rage avoided most of these boring problems since both of those games did just about everything right. In these two games, traveling your way through the many stages was always exciting because there was a ton of things to collect or destroy along the way (with detailed areas around every corner).  Not to mention when you entered a level covered with water or ice in the previous two Spyro adventures, it actually FELT like a water or ice stage.If it takes me several seconds just to ARRIVE to something while playing Year of the Dragon, that tells me the gameplay is a bit on the boring side. Year of the Dragon falls victim to this I'm afraid, on more occasions than I was hoping for. Many times you will run up and down hills, platforms, and other areas and come across *nothing* the entire time. This is a problem to me because this kind of thing didn't happen very often in the first two games.  There was always something to do in the first two games no matter WHERE you turned.When the levels felt boring in the beginning of Year of the Dragon, I just thought the game was leading me gradually to more impressive levels. But once arriving to world 3 and STILL feeling bored and disappointed, I realized the level design was just below typical Spyro standards this time around.  Not to mention all the home worlds are so ordinary they become boring almost instantly.Do I still like this game more than most video games I've played? Absolutely. It's STILL Spyro, you're STILL going around collecting gems and dragons, you're STILL having fun controlling Spyro's movements and taking advantage of his fun abilities, but I don't know... I get the feeling Insomniac didn't put as much care into this one that they did with the first two games (which are both classics in my opinion). The game DOES have a few interesting stages on the same level as the ones in the previous two Spyro games but there's a bunch of average ones along the way.Besides Insomniac not bothering to make the levels impressive or particularly fun, there's a couple other problems.The object is to go around rescuing baby dragons (many of which require the player to attempt something harder than usual in order to achieve).  However you get the feeling you're just repeating what's already been done in the very first Spyro game when, if you recall, the dragons would actually talk to you after you've freed them and say funny things. The dragons in this game are babies and they don't talk, and it's not nearly as much fun freeing dragons this time around.This isn't a BIG complaint, but a mild disappointment and a nagging feeling that all I'm doing is the same thing I've done before, but much better the first time.The baby dragons ARE cute, and they sometimes do funny things after they've been freed such as spin around, scratch behind their ears, and basically do things puppies and kittens do. If you're an animal lover like me, you'll fall in love with the way the baby dragons act. It's adorable and a nice touch.I don't know if most people noticed, but most of the bonus games consist of constant shooting.  Shooting, shooting, and well, MORE shooting.  One bonus level even morphs the gameplay into a first person shooter similar to Quake as you go around eliminating enemies. Of course this particular one gets quite repetitive after you've blown through a few rooms, and it's not very exciting because it's overlong, but some of the shooting action you come across in the game is quite good (such as blasting away that machine shark in that one game- I love this one). Plentiful shooting throughout Year of the Dragon such as shooting fireballs, cannons, and other things that first appeared in Ripto's Rage, but usually they are pretty memorable so I won't complain about this.Some of the bonus stages are quite difficult too, such as the boxing one. Just like real boxing- when you throw a punch, your opponent either immediately throws a punch of his own or blocks to defend himself. This makes these boxing games incredibly hard, and perhaps the hardest thing you will discover in the first three Spyro games from the Playstation's first console... but at least it's *fun*.The skateboarding bonus games are AWESOME. They appear more than once throughout the game, and they deliver a lot of excitement. I'm surprised how much detail went into the skateboarding games as far as the approach you take with the skateboard itself. Not *quite* at the level of detail that Tony Hawk provides or anything, but enough tricks to make skateboarding fun and something you wouldn't mind mastering with time and patience. The biggest highlight of the game easily.Another highlight are the special characters you play as-One of them is a kangaroo, probably the best one since he jumps high and has a kick move that's devastating. You have another playable character that's a beastly creature and he has a big club going around pounding things. It's fun, but he moves slow and he's not particularly interesting. There's some kind of monkey that shoots with his little outer space-looking gun. This is somewhat fun, but like I said above, the game REALLY goes too far with the constant shooting you'll be doing throughout the game. The Sparx games are fun because the gameplay turns into old school Gradius gameplay for each of his levels. It's an interesting change of direction (and not NEARLY as frustrating as trying to master Gradius, thankfully).I HATE playing as the bird though. He flies awkwardly, he's very very boring to play as, and his stages and challenges are just uninteresting to me.To be completely honest though, I'd rather play as Spyro the entire time if given the choice, but these characters are decent enough overall.The boss fight at the very end of the game is fun, but the boss is WAY too similar to Ripto with the whole arena showdown battle, and compared to that epic battle this one is over much sooner, and not nearly as memorable. Boss fights overall are a notch up as far as difficulty goes however.Most of the music in the game is good but nothing compares to the original Spyro (including Ripto's Rage).Some of the voice acting is questionable. For whatever reason Moneybags doesn't sound nearly as conniving as he does in Ripto's Rage. His voice definitely sounds different. Whoever thought it was a good idea for Sparx to talk needs a spanking, enough said.Overall this game is NOT a classic which is unfortunate because Insomniac nailed the first two games right on the head and made two classic (and original) platformers. Year of the Dragon misses the mark and unfortunately can't be put on the same brilliant scale. Why so many people claim Year of the Dragon is the best in the series is a mystery to me because even though the levels are longer, they clearly aren't better or more fun.  But Year of the Dragon does succeed in the bonus games above everything else.
It doesn't take long for humans to become nostalgic about the good times in their lives. Likewise, it doesn't take long for a PC game to be considered a classic. Id Software and Apogee's *Wolfenstein 3D* became one of the most revered PC games in the last decade.For the two or three readers who don't know, *Wolf* launched the first-person shooter game from a gimmick to a genre back in 1992. It offered what every person on Earth wanted to do: run around a maze with a Gatling gun and mow down hordes of Nazis. Nine years later, Gray Matter took this title off the mantle and carried it into the 21st Century. With id Software's blessing, *Return to Castle Wolfenstein* is a sports car of a game, and a complete remake of a classic.Obviously, then, *RtCW* was hyped. For example, the December 2000 issue of Computer Gaming World offered an "Exclusive first-look at the hottest shooter since Half-Life". It continued with "two years and counting after Half-Life, and the single-player shooter bar is about to get raised again". The overall impression was that of a story-driven WWII adventure.Within the WallsBut *RTCW* isn't what it's cracked up to be. Computer Gaming World scooped a considerably more epic and intricate game than what actually shipped. CGW described, in step by step detail, a *Medal of Honor* style amphibious assault as the opening of the game. The player character was reported as taking an epic journey across Europe. CGW reported that friendly A.I. would fight alongside the player character, that bosses and enemies were vulnerable only at certain times with certain weapons, and that enemies would not spawn and would fight most intelligently, such as recognizing that your gun is bigger than their gun. Since CGW strongly implied these points to be expected in the final release, I foolishly lowered my guard and accepted the hype.This was, after all, before anybody knew that id software would delay *RtCW's* release by a full year and have it redesigned. None of the attributes I cited above appeared in the released version of *Wolf*. Instead, *Medal of Honor: Allied Assault* would adopt the epic WWII mantle, while RtCW turned out to be another weekend shooter.This should be no surprise, considering id software has always been about speed and violence. But I have to admit I'm getting tired of the current deluge of ten-hour titles, and id software's formula offers no respite. RtCW's story is pretty incidental for all of its cinematic air, as little more than shooting and explosions occur during play. Between levels, an orders update shuttles the player from one killing ground to the next. Most of the levels are your standard maze full o' monsters, only much simpler and easier than those found in previous id titles such as *Quake* and *Doom*. All enemies are vulnerable to guns and rocket launchers, and with no hit location, most levels are solved with your standard circle-strafe-and-a-machine-gun trick. Rarely will the player need more than a suppressed Sten gun and a Mauser K98, and rarely will the player need to do more than kill people and find the exit. Expository cut scenes stitch it all together.Don't mistake me-all of this stuff is fun. I just don't like it when a game hyped as a *Half-Life* competitor turns out to be another run-and-gunner beat in two days. I especially don't like it when said game is an A-list title from A-list developers.Return to Quake IIIBut let's give credit where credit is due. *Wolf* certainly competes with big-time shooters on the media front: this game looks and sounds great. The Quake III engine gets a work out with photo-realistic textures and lighting, while the snarls of zombies and undead warriors echo down stone corridors and into the marrow of the player's bones. And while circle-strafing is often the solution to beating enemies, their A.I is smart enough to take cover while reloading and to strafe-fire back at the player. I have to admit, from the flamethrower to the smoke to the late afternoon shadows, I find RtCW's effects gorgeous. Best of all, it runs smoothly even on my antiquated AMD 900 processor.Finally, RtCW has a few nice features to liven up the play:1.Ladders have cages to reduce those annoying "ladder deaths".2.Helpful icons pop up to tell the player what to do, so he or she isn't banging away at every wall looking for secrets.3.Venom soldiers are invulnerable to the weapons they carry, so don't get into a flamethrower fight with one.4.The leaping Lopers charge no matter what players throw at them, though a Venom gun or a rocket launcher will make short work if the player is quick on the draw.5.Humorous messages and orders litter the Wehrmacht bases and labs.6.And, of course, plenty of Hitler portraits hang about for the players to vandalize.In for the KillBut make no mistake, this is an id software game; big on style and short on substance. If players want to kill a weekend chasing Nazis in a maze with a Gatling gun, *RtCW* is a good-looking, scary-sounding, smooth-running choice. If players want a little more meat on their first-person Nazi shooters, they need to boot up the *Medal of Honor* series.Nope, in all the hype I was hoping for a game much more involved than it turned out, particularly since id and Gray Matter were remaking the granddaddy of first-person shooters. Still, Return to Castle Wolfenstein satisfies on other levels, and it will probably be as fondly remembered as its progenitor. It's no *Half-Life* killer, but it can kill some time while waiting for *Half-Life 2*.
Remembering the original Castle Wolfenstein on my Commodore 64 in the 80's and how original, difficult and cool it was back then.  The level of anticipation I had to play this one was very high.  And it lives up to the anticipation, with a few  criticisms.Gameplay is excellent, if not repetitive, graphics are outstanding, without the open environment of a GTA.  As result, the game is very linear with only one path to take to get you from one level to the next.  Not that this type of game is bad, it is just very objective focused with little to explore other than achieving the objective at hand.The biggest disappointment however, was the final scene, as I was able to beat the game on only my second try.  It was too easy and not very satisfying.  You go through a hundred or so levels to get to the climax where you're expecting a monster so hideous, that it will literally take everything you have and multiple attempts to defeat, but alas, the weapons in the game were too overpowering even for something as gruesome as Heinrich.Very good, but too much effort for relatively easy payoff.
RTCW is not another "Max Payne"..This is the most EXPENSIVE first person shooter that has come out since...Medal of Honor..Sheesh! The game has a decent amount of levels, the cut scenes are pretty good but is that really worth all that $$$$. The actual gameplay is nothing new. I would give this game a higher rating but Serious Sam has graphics that are just as good, gameplay that is similar and is MUCH cheaper. But you ask "Well, you must have paid $$$ for it like everyone else". NOPE, I bought a used copy (its a CD, remember?) for 1/5 the price, that is what you should pay for this game.
Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a first person shooter with a good but very short single player and a fantastic multiplayer gameplay. It is not a sequel to wolfenstein3d, It is a remake with an expansion pack. The game does not start where the first game ended. Like the first game rtcw starts with the soldier escaping from the prison in the nazi castle but does not end when he get out of the castle. Set during the world war II, You play B.J. Blazkowicz an american soldier captured and imprisoned in a nazi castle. He escapes from there but discoveres strange things that the agency wants to stop the nazis from creating thier evil experiments, They send Blacz on many missions to destroy the robotic soliders, The ending was dissapointing. The story is told through lots of cutsences between the missions, But the cutsences are boring as the charecters are just talking and the hero does not appear in any of them. The single player gameplay is very short with about 25 levels in seven missions. The gameplay is good and fighting the nazis and the sten gun female gaurds are great, but the robotic soldiers, zombies were are very dull, It is also quite dissapointing to see zombies and robots in this game. Level design is very good and there are lots of secret passages and most of them remind me of the thief games. The levels are also quite hard to complete, shooter missions are very good but the stealth missions are dull and quite frustrating. In one mission you must kill all the nazi officers without sounding the alarm, It was very frustrating. The boss levels and the ending levels are very hard. Enemy AI is ofcourse not as good half-life or no one lives forever but they are impressive, They react well if you snipe their partners, throw a grenade near them and to sounds ect.Return to Castle Wolfenstein is created on the quake3 engine but the game looks like it is created on the max payne engine. The graphics and sound are very good, The german outdoor hilly environment is very beautifull. The charecter animation is great, They look and behave like real humans, Sometimes their caps will fall down, female gaurds will dive on the floor when dogging gun fire. But still the graphics were a little dissapointing to me, There are not much blood in the game. The game is very violent, you do feel like you are killing real humans but there are not much blood and gore like half-life or kingpin. The selection of weapons is good, Able to use your leg to kick and break objects is good because you do not need to switch to the knife to break a box in case you want to save ammo, you could just kick it and break it. But the weapons damage is dissapointing they should have been a little more powerfull, Flame thrower is almost usless in the single player. Rtcw's multiplayer gameplay is really great, deathmatch or ai controlled bots are not here but you will not miss them. Though almost everything besides voting is the same as Team Fortress it is great to play with better graphics and a better looking flame thrower.
For a while, RTCW and MOHAA had a battle going on. I bought Medal of Honor, and later bought Wolfenstein. MOH outdoes this game. Wolfenstein is ok, the multiplayer is alright, but you have to download numerous files to play. If you are a fan of single player, this game is just stupid! If this game was focused on just World War II it would be awesome. On the single player, evil scientist are creating Nazi Monsters! How stupid can you get?!?!? The game is alright but if your in for really great Multiplayer and Single Player war, get Medal of Honor.
well, i really liked this game when i got it and still play it every now and then, but the initial thrill is mostly gone.  There are numerous characters to earn and moves to learn plus an entertaining bowling mini game, but this all becomes old news after a month.  Button mashing will get you through this one, same as with all the other tekken games, but i don't see that bug ever getting fixed, so i guess i'll have to come to grips with that.  Don't pay too much for this.
Tekken is definitely one of the best game series, but for anyone who is experienced with the series will find that Tekken Tag Tournament really hasn't broken any new ground in either the Tekken series or the fighting genre.Namco has managed give Tekken Tag Tournament a visual upgrade. Unfortunately, backgrounds and foregrounds don't blend nicely together, and because the PlayStation 2 hardware lacks anti-aliasing, you can notice pixelation within character models. The title of the best graphics in a fighting game still belongs to Soul Calibur. Even with features added, isn't this the same Tekken we've been playing all along? Tekken Tag retains the same features from the arcade version. Every character from Tekken 2 and 3 will be selectable here. Better single player modes could have been added, which would have boosted the replay value.The newest fighting technique in the Tekken series is the Tagging system. You'll be able to select two characters to go against another fighting pair. During battles, you may switch off between fighters at any time to beat your opponents. Unlike the Tag options in Dead or Alive 2 or Marvel vs. Capcom, Tekken's Tag option doesn't allow you to completely finish a battle. Once one of your team members die, the fight is over, which is degrading.Tekken Tag Tournament may certainly become a hit with its famous franchise, while at the same time showing off its new home with the Sony PlayStation 2. Unless you're a hard-core fan of the series, you'll find this as nothing more but Tekken 3 with a Tag feature. Once you get past the new look of the game, the fun begins to turn routine. Gamers who have never had experience with Tekken or fighting games should investigate the game, but others looking for something new would want to check out the other titles the PlayStation 2 has to offer.
At first the game had graphics that I thought couldn't get any better, but when I saw the movies, I was very disapointed, because it looked just like the gameplay graphics, and the begining movie looked real.  I beat the game with evrey single character, and saw the same old corny, short, messed up, no meaning movies.  The movies lacked the great real 3D graphics of the past Tekkens.  And The game puts up no challange, even on Ultra hard.  And A big problem is u lose after 1 character is K.O.d.  And it has nothing to do with the Tekken Series.  The good thing is they brought back good old Tekken 2 characters(including my favorites Kazuya, and Lee) and it offers Tekken bowl.  And they, as always, make the fighting graphics look great.  If u love Tekken 2 and Tekken 3, this is a game for u.  If u haven't played Tekken in a long time, this game welcomes u back with a warm reception, but if u want a Tekken game with meanin' wait till Tekken 4, cumz out September 27.
one of the better ones for sure. your mileage may very. tekken games are quite hard, so newbie fighter fans need not apply. dead or alive is a better series for newcomers of fighting games, though still takes some skill.
You can yell at me, you can scream at me, but I apologize, i cannot call Tekken Tag Tournament and above average game.  This game seems to have been able to make the already traditionally clunky Tekken controls even more awkward, and pales in comparison to the amazingly fluid VF4 controls.  If not for the mediocre controls, and the lack of fluidity that has become known to the Tekken series(the one exception would be Tekken 4), this game would be much better and may even merit a 5.  Give this game a rental and buy it if you are a Tekken fan, but stay away if you aren't a true fan of the fighting game genre.
It is somewhat surprising how little difference there is between the various implementations. Visually the PS1 version isn't that much different from the PS2 version. Even the cutscenes aren't much better.There are more characters that one can control but the characters don't gain a significant amount of visual detail in the PS2 version. Part of the problem is that the characters remain about the same size in each version and there isn't a whole lof of detail one can fit in that same amount of screen space.If you don't have a version of Gauntlet for any platform then get the PS2 version (in this regard I give the game a 4/5). If you already have the PS1 version, get the PS2 one only if you are a die-hard gauntlet fan (in this case I would give the game a 3/5).Unless Midway ups the visual quality of the next version of Gauntlet significantly, they are going to lose their market to competitors like how they lost Mortal Kombat to the clones.
Let's be honest, there's virtually no story to speak of in Gauntlet. It's you versus crowds of enemies with bosses every now and again. There are more "minibosses" in this version with generals and chimera, but they end up being more annoying than challenging.Story: 3/10Even for a cheap franchise re-release, the graphics are pretty poor, especially on the new characters. If you've played the arcade you'll find nothing new. If you haven't, then try to be forgiving because there's not much to see.Graphics: 3/10The sounds are generally corny, but there are some good aura effects like hearing people pounding on the nailed-shut coffins in the Desecrated Temple. Voicing is pretty lame, but it faithfully reproduces (in other words regurgitates) Gauntlet Legends on the arcade and N64. Lack of independent volume leveling brings the score down to mediocre.Sound: 4/10While the music is surprisingly decent, that's probably more because it's catchy when it's there and so many of the other standards are so low. More for nostalgia than any merits of its own.Music: 6/10This game might seem a chore when going single-player, but add friends and it gets exponentially more fun - up to four players. The levels change subtly depending on how many players are there, and while there's little real depth it's still good arcadey hack-and-slash fun. Best with 2+ players. There are plenty of items and power-ups, but for some reason this version disables the ability to turn them off for better timing, or selling them, so everything ends up being almost completely useless and this seriously degrades the score.Gameplay: 6/10You can replay any level you've unlocked at will, including boss battles, but unlike the N64 version you don't get any cool abilities like permanent Anti-Death Halo for beating the final boss. While it's enjoyable spending time with friends, you'll probably only want to run through a few levels before you'll want to take a break or put in something different. It might have been better if item management had remained, but special abilities are almost useless and the long time it takes to level-up and upgrade makes this game get tedious at higher levels, with no real rewards.Replayability: 4/10There's little about this game that shines, but it is undeniable fun when played with friends. I wouldn't recommend a rent (characters are too weak at the start and options are limited), but it's not a game you should get for yourself (when I say it's best with friends, I mean it's good only with friends). Admittedly, it is good for nostalgia or if you and a few friends want an arcade fix, but it's not going to surprise you with any quality.Overall: 6.0/10
I bought this game and finished it recently. Not a big fan. There's a major reason there's a million copies of this game in the bargain bin of any used game store.I'd never played games with similiar control schemes like the Resident Evil games myself so I'm not used to the choppy control style and the lack of platforming (no jumping period). The cinematics were wonderful and dramatic. Whoever designed the visuals deserves a raise, but I HATE the controls. The worst thing about the control is that manuevering is a 2 step process instead of a more intuitive and efficient 1 step process.For example, let's say you want your character to walk to the right. You must FIRST rotate him in the direction you want to go THEN press forward on the directional pad (this ain't an FPS). He rotates way too slow. They try and compensate for this by using another button to pull off a quick 180 turn, also your character will often automatically face the next enemy the AI thinks you will want to strike. When you're surrounded by three enemies, your disadvantage is compounded. Some may say this is challenging, I just call it what it is, crappy play control. Also, the fact that you can simply just tap the attack button and watch your character slice several enemies in sequence without doing anything else is not a plus in my book. I want a game that actually requires me to play it, not tap a button mindlessly. I think this exemplifies the meaning of the term "button mashing".If you want an action packed and cinematically impressive hack-'em-up I highly recommend "God of War". [see my other reviews] The gameplay was loads better and just as impressive graphically if not more so. Plus, you can jump in it, and there is a moderate amount of platforming thrown in for variety.
I sort of like this game its not that bad but the control is like resident eveil I hate that control now a days and the blood was almost like it wasnt there Im not saying buckets of gore should be shooting all about but com on blood that evaperates befor it touchs the ground I guest I just didnt like this game or more like the resident eveil control just dosent do it for me any more I say rent it frist
Onimusha: Warlords - Circa 2001GOOD:- A nicely styled samurai horror/fantasy- An original story, based loosely on Japanese history- Cool samurai-sword combatBAD:- This game is sort of showing it's age, from the Luke-warm voice acting to the controls- Not for those who don't like survival horror gamesIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- A Samurai game that plays like a survival horror- Magic and fantasy are a pretty big part of the story- Some backtracking and "fetch the key" quest, but over all very well paced and enjoyableGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Onimusha 2: Samurai Destiny- Onimusha 3: Demon Siege- Resident Evil: Code Veronica XADDITIONAL NOTES:- This game is also for Xbox but it is called Gemma Onimusha- When Capcom was first making this game there was a glitch that make enemies fly into the air after being hit (it was later fixed and taken out before release), well one day while in development the programming team for another upcoming Capom title sat in on the very early build of this game and tried it out, turns out they liked the glitch so much (the same one which the Onimusha team later removed) that they added it to there upcoming game which later turned out to be Devil May Cry
bland story save the princess.u might get paronoid u will feel like ur in the game even when ur not playing it which can be a bad thing.bad controls and camera.confusing at times.but its a fun game overall beat these zombies to death and when there down u can stick ur sowrd in them which is a good affect.if ur not into survival horror then u might not be able to play it all the time cause its not one of those games u can put it in and play when u dont feel like it and have fun(like gta).If u liked resident evil and think sorwds are cool this is a must have. But i cant recommend it to everyone.
The 1930's. The era of prohibition, bootlegged liquor, and the mob. Mafia from Illusion Softworks brings us back to that by gone era with some good graphics and decent albeit uneven gameplay.Mafia, tells the story of Tommy Angelo. A mobster who really just wants to do &quot;the right thing&quot;. As a story, Mafia works. The cutscenes are surprisingly photorealistic and are well acted and presented. Unfortunatley it's the gameplay between the story segments that partially drags the game down.Mafia can almost be described as a 1930's Grand Theft Auto. Only it doesn't quite pull it off as well. Set in the fictional Chicago/New York hybrid city of &quot;Lost Heaven&quot;, the game renders the period extremely well. The streets have that very old time look to them. Imagine New York before the &quot;urban renewel&quot; of the late 40's and early 50's. The city is also enormous in size. The game however didn't run very smoothely in places on my 800mhz, 256 SDRAM, 64 mb Nvidia graphics card machine even though it's recomended for machines as slow as 500 mhz. Even with the graphical problems. This is a very nice looking game. The sound is also pretty good. Pedestrians scream, bullet casings clang on the ground. Even the car radio plays period music. There are quite a bit of sounds that give it a more authentic period feel. The game is installed over three discs and requires 1.8 gigs of hard drive space to install.The gameplay is however is a mixed bag. The driving portions of the game are tedious, due to the lack of an in game map. Making it easy to get lost. A compass in the left hand corner helps with navigations, so does the radar to some degree (the target appears as a red X on the radar only when you're within about half a mile from it). You can also travel the city in street cars and on elevated trains. And there's always the option of traveling on foot. There are also a varitey of period weapons to choose from Tommy Guns to a baseball bat reminiscent of the film the Untouchables. The controls are fairly easy to negotiate even for a PC game. The game is also pretty long and also has a &quot;Free Ride&quot; option so you can go on a rampage if you so desire.All in all this is a pretty good game for the money. I'm not sure if I would pay the full Playstation 2 price for it. But at the current price PC of $9.99 this is a good value.
I actually bought this game a few years ago and never got around to playing it.  I finally opened it up and installed it about a month ago and gave it a ride.  Unfortunately, that is all this game really seemed to be for me: a ride.  I did not get very far into this game before becoming bored with the constant car driving missions.  I am probably not being completely fair to the game, perhaps there was a lot of great action later in the game that did not involve being a taxi service, but I could not stand anymore of it and gave up.  I am not a person whom enjoys timed missions; in fact, I find them almost completely useless and very aggravating.  Nearly every video game I have ever played that has timed missions gets marked down in my book.  Mafia is no exception.  I found the graphics to be decent, especially for an older game.  I also enjoyed the dialog quite a bit.  But I just can not get past the monotonous driving sequences.  How many times do I have to taxi some schmuck across town before I can actually do something else???In my humble opinion, this is a slight knockoff of Max Payne, which is a much better game without the needless driving sequences.  I love the whole Mafia storyline, I am just disappointed it didn't play out a little better in the beginning.Overall = Average
I'm compelled to write a review about this game because it is groundbreaking in the fact that the gameplay *is* unlike any other game.  If you find yourself bored by the same crop of first person shooters or command and conquer clones, you may want to pick up a copy just to try something new and different (but read on first to be sure...)Considering EA owns the rights to the Sim-City franchise, this game could have been accurately billed as &quot;Sim-God.&quot;  I think Amazon and the other reviewers have done a good job of describing the gameplay so I'll try not to be redundant.First off, when you first load the game - be prepared to spend a full evening playing around with it.  The game starts off with a very well done introduction and teaches you how to move around,  control the creature, cast spells, etc...  You'll find yourself drawn in very quickly as you want to see what happens next and that is where the problems start.You see, when you first start out it's rather unclear what it is you ARE supposed to do in this game.  Being weaned on many years of resource management games and trying to be a nice God, I spent a long time trying to keep my villagers happy, (&quot;we need houses, we need food&quot; yada yada yada), but they would never shut up! It's enough to make me go nuts and destroy everyone - which kind of makes me wonder if that's what God thinks of all of us but that's a different discussion.  In any case, it took me a while to figure out they won't shut up regardless and I just need to progress with whatever I'm doing and ignore them.  (That's a tip for all you new players.)So what is it you are supposed to do?  Basically use your influence to take over villages which allow you to increase in power so you can take over more villages.  At its heart it really is a resource management game much like Command and Conquer.  Instead of building up a bunch of tanks and army men to take over the next town you cast spells and use your creature -in good ways or bad - to &quot;wow&quot; neighboring villages into worshipping you.  If you don't, you're stuck in this constant state of inertia trying to please your villagers who are never satisfied with anything you do.  This is quite the opposite of the &quot;do anything you want&quot; sales pitch EA's marketing department puts in their ads.Another myth is the concept of your creature having free will and the ability to learn.  This is far from the truth.  Basically the creature will do something and you either reinforce the behavior positively (petting) or negatively (slapping).  Based on what you do the creature is &quot;supposed&quot; to do that same action more often or less often.  At the risk of this entire review not making it past the censors at Amazon, I'll give you an example.  You see, I picked the tiger creature - not the brightest but supposedly a good fighter.  Well apparently it has decided it likes to poop on houses.  It's kind of funny to watch, but the villagers understandably don't like this very much.  I've been slapping the poop out of him (pun intended) but he won't stop.  So much for the ability to learn.  Instead I'm supposed to try to get him to poop in the fields as it'll help the crops grow.  Well what am I supposed to do?  If I place the poop in the fields it just stands there.  If I hand poop to him, he'll just look at me funny or worse yet, try and eat it.  I guess I'm the one that needs to be praying he poops in the fields so I can quickly pet him and reinforce the behavior.  As far as the things the creature has done right, positive reinforcement doesn't really seem to make him continue to do the same action.  I've found the whole concept of trying to &quot;teach&quot; my creature very frustrating and it's been more of an annoyance than an asset to the game.And fighting?  It's kind of like playing Rock-em Sock-em Robots.  There's no control.  Instead you just mash a lot of buttons and (again) pray you end up the winner.  When winning a fight against another creature becomes a necessity in the game (and I know it will eventually), my inability to do so will probably be the point I put down the game and never play it again.The review is harsh so far I know, but you see, in spite of these problems I still find myself drawn to this game.  In fact, just writing this review has made me want to load it up again.  The graphics and music really are top-notch and I haven't run into any bugs or system crashes (a rarety in the gaming world these days.)  I'm usually the type that will give a game one or two days at the max before giving up on it.  Even games I do like rarely hold my interest to the end.  This game is a rare exception.  I keep thinking, maybe if I do something differently...Reread the Amazon and DailyRadar reviews or jump over to the PCGamer site and read all the praise they've heaped on this game.  Contrast it with the review I wrote and hopefully it'll help you decide whether this is the type of game you would be interested in.
I was one of the people who couldn't wait for Black & White to be released in early 2001.  I read so much hype that the game couldn't help but to be a let-down after I was so pumped for how cool it sounded.But the fact is Black & White is a fairly shallow, albeit interesting and fun, PC video game.The game starts out interestingly enough with you learning the various, basic functions of the game and building up the abilities of your creature.  This is the fun part actually, in that you see everything for the first time and the creature AI is something to behold for the first several hours.  The graphics aren't too shabby either and the world is immersive and life-like, including a nice weather system integrated with your local forecast through the internet.Eventually the game comes down to doing a couple of things; making scaffolds for buildings and dropping food in the villager food bins.Sure there's more to the game, but the vast majority of your time will be spent doing those two monotous, repetitive tasks.  The side quests can be fun and interesting, but many of them are completely unintuitive and silly.What makes things worse is that your creature is either disabled or not in your posession for too much of the story - which consists of all of 5 different, similar-looking maps.  And the story itself is completely uninteresting and seems to be second to the game's mechanics.Black & White is fun for the first 15-25 hours, but beyond that it gets repetitive, monotonous and stale.  [...] I should also mention the WinAmp plug-in, giving you the ability to create your own soundtrack. This is a great feature I'd love to see in more games.
I had HUGE hopes for Black and White. I love moral discussions, and this game had some of the best advertising I'd seen. One ad said something like: (good) Your loving wife makes you breakfast in bed / (evil) You eat it with your mistress. It made it seem like you'd really have these sorts of decisions to make.Instead, when you play, you have a cutsie little angel and a cuddly little devil, both making fun comments. The devil's comments are always promptly slapped down by the angel. The &quot;evil&quot; you do is more like Dungeon Keeper than anything else - drop things on peoples' houses, bug them if they're not doing what you want to do.You only get to start with a choice of three 'creatures', and these creatures have got to be some of the slowest learners on the planet. You tell one to pick up a drowning person, and he pops the person in his mouth and starts eating him! Eventually when they DO learn something, half the time it's not what you had been training them to do.The graphics are GORGEOUS. The whole interface with the game is beautiful, and lots of fun. There was so much potential as to how the game could have played, but somewhere along the way I think they got swept away in the graphics and lost track of what they were doing. Now dumb sailors tell you one at a time the things they need, farmers lose their cows even though there are only 2 to watch, and game crashes mean even things that work aren't necessary going to last very long.If you're a Populous fan (like I am) I'd get it just to see how far they have come, but don't be expecting miracles.
Black &amp; White has been heralded as a masterpiece by many computer game reviewers, but my experience with it was the same as my time playing The Sims.  I was flabbergasted at first, but quickly lost interest as the &quot;unique approach&quot; of the game wore off.The &quot;unique approach&quot; for this game is the training of a creature that you use as your Titan to watch over and convert the worshippers at various villages.  The supposed A.I. of the creature becomes simple programming after you figure out how most of the creatures are meant to behave.  Furthermore, the storyline, puzzles and sub-plots included are interesting at first and add to the overall experience but these too become tedious as they aren't interesting enough to make the game last.This game is capable of an online multiplayer versus mode.  I never tried it and it seems like a game that is better suited to the stand-alone (the game itself) version rather than a multiplayer matchup as the story is what the programmers used to try and push the game over the hump.  It would still be interesting though to play a multiplayer game considering this isn't your typical shoot 'em up or strategy game.  Furthermore, explore the internet as there are additional creatures to play that you can download.  Also, there are the usual amount of bugs in this game (perhaps more than some first releases) and as I write this review, the patch for the game is only in beta stage. (Being tested.  The patch is downloadable at the company's website but there is a disclaimer for it.)While I liked the game but didn't think it was good enough to be considered a &quot;classic&quot; I can see how many people would thoroughly enjoy this game.  Myst meets Warcraft would be my description of this.  I would take time reading all the reviews because you can get a good idea if you're the type of gamer that would love this game.  Not my cup of tea, but a good game.
Intially when I tried out &quot;Black &amp; White&quot; I began to tingle with excitement, this looked like it was going to be one hell of an addictive game. And true this game is very addictive, for the first few days that is. When you begin this game everything looks to be in place, great graphics, pretty easy to use controls and the gameplay looks to be promising. After just a short time later this game slams head first into the ground, and does not recover. Why is this you may ask, well to be honest this whole game consists of you doing the same thing over and over, except it increases how much you have to do to make it seem difficult than the previous time. It's a real shame too, this games originality is unsurpassed, because while many other games have the god aspect to a certain extent, none of them present it the way &quot;Black &amp; White&quot; does. But do not give up all hope as of yet, some people do enjoy this game to it's fullest, so make sure you try it before you buy it, because you may end up loving it. The reason I gave &quot;Black &amp; White&quot; 3 stars is because of how original it is, its graphics, and I even did enjoy this game for a very brief period of time.
The Good: Creatures a fun idea, great sense of humor, best use of "good or evil" concept in an RTS game, very simple to playThe Bad: Horrendous graphics, very hard, gets old after the first levelI remember hearing about B&W; back in the day but I didn't have the machine to run it. Now, seven years later, I've played it and walked away about underwhelmed. First off the game is butt ugly, but that is expected for a seven-year old game. The textures are blurry and washed out and the character models are down right laughable. No matter though B&W; delivers a great style that hasn't been in any other RTS. While the story is paper-thin there really isn't any need of one. You are a God who is just a floating hand and you take control of creatures. These Creatures can help your villagers either farm grain for good, chop down wood for...erm...wood, and you can pet it, slap it around to tell it it's bad, or encourage it to do bad things such as even eating the villagers!The whole premise of B&W; is the "good or evil" premise that Peter Moloneux oh so loves. The whole concept of the game is to influence other villages by performing God like tasks such as supplying them with food, or wood. You can use your Creature to impress them or you can do evil things to impress them such as picking up the villagers and throwing them around, smashing their buildings etc. When you get a village the people will have needs. These are noted with flags around building. Some may want more houses to breed children. Some may want a wonder, some people may even want more trees or rocks in their village. When you start running out of resources you can perform miracles by having your villagers chant at your temple. You can then use "gestures" to use wood miracles, food miracles, fire, or shields to attack or protect villages etc.The game plays out in missions via silver scrolls that require you to help (or hurt) people. When you get the God Stones you unlock the next door to pick your next Creature. While all this sounds astounding (and it is) the game is very hard and gets old really quick. After the first land which is the tutorial land you'll pretty much have seen what the game has to offer. What makes the game so hard is that you will never have enough resources and the resources are very limited, and buildings require too much wood to build. While taking your Creature out on walks using a leash (use the good or bad collar to have the Creature act accordingly) sounds neat it is but not for long. Back in 2001 this kind of thing was like finding a Martian...it didn't exist. In 2008 we've seen this many times before and it's nothing new. If you really dig this kind of thing I recommend it, but if you've played other great RTS games you won't see anything new here.
Here's the preface for this review: Your enjoyment of Tomb Raider.  If you liked the Tomb Raider series then you might enjoy this game.  Very similar graphics, controls, (Remember the jumping and hanging on to even surfaces and then pulling yourself up?  It applies here.) and objectives.  Mix in a cheshire cat that you can call on for advice, a morbid and psychedelic world, weapons that pertain to Alice's theme - and you have American McGee's Alice.The game is entertaining at first with it's unique world but becomes boring very fast.  I enjoyed the first Tomb Raider, which was released some years earlier, more than this game. A major reason for that was because Alice doesn't require much problem solving like the Tomb Raider series does.  Everything in the game is rather straightforward and it's recommended that people who dislike animation and sequences that are nothing more than creative clips meant to point you (literally) to the next scene should avoid this game.  Unless you've got an empty schedule, the good news is that it will take some time to complete American McGee's Alice.  But as far as ground breaking games, this is a half-hearted attempt.  Even though you can find other games on the market with the same format, Alice doesn't stand out much from its competitors.  Impressive artwork is the only aspect that stands out for this game.Best to wait awhile on this one until the price drops.  Worth it at a lower price, but not now.
You thought I was only going to review just 1 Bond video game NO! Well RARE unfortunately didn't have the 007 licence in 99 or 2000 EA had it & there Bond games were pretty forgettable there good but nothing special thank God Activision has a hold on the licence now. TWINE is a good game but not excellent like Golden Eye. But you should all give it a shot it's based on the 1999 movie with Pierce Brosnan basically it does stick closely to the movie as it can maybe too close I have to say levels 10, 12 & 13 are from h**l. The ending is mediocre but the movie it's self is better than this game.
This game had excellent graphics for its time and is a pretty solid buy... maybe.  If you can find a way to ignore the abysmal control, you will most likely enjoy it.  Other than that, don't even think about it.
Red Faction is THQ's futuristic, Mars-theme first person shooter game.  Over all it is a pretty ordinary shooter with one or two twists.  The first twist is the underutilized "Geo Mod" engine.  The Geo Mod engine The purpose is to make blowing stuff up more meaningful by letting craters and holes form from explosions.  The idea is that you can blast through walls, or around locked doors.  It's a good selling point, but there is hardly any use for it in the game.  Once you get past the first mission, you never use it.  All of the doors are basically unlocked for you anyways, so what's the point?  The other twist is the use of some really cool vehicles.  This was my favorite part of the game.  Flying around or driving around in an armored vehicle and mowing down bad guys with a heavy machine gun is good mindless shooter fun.  There are also a couple of points in the game where you pilot a submarine or an aircraft.There is a good variety of weapons and ammo in the game, all of which are useful at some point.  Red Faction does a better job than most games of getting all of the weapons into the game.  Enemy AI is tough, but still at the right level.Other than that, the game is pretty "blah".  The environments are as repetitive as you can get.  You are on Mars - everything is either an underground installation or a rust-colored cave.  The graphics are decent, but not great.  The storyline is an unoriginal mix between "Deus Ex" and "Total Recall".  Add to that, it's somewhat poorly done.  Also, for some reason, THQ decided to include a couple of contrived, bad stealth missions in this game.  They are more annoying than anything.  The game gets extremely hard about halfway through, and towards the end of the game, you will find yourself wearing out the quick save and quick load keys.  This is due mostly to one annoying and overpowered weapon that allows enemies to shoot you through walls.Red Faction isn't a bad game.  I found it in the bargain bin and I don't regret buying it.  It gives you one fun play through, and that's probably it.  The game probably won't knock you out of your chair though.
The graphics are great, the damage effects are wonderful but it is still the same old 3D shooter in a fancy new bag. What do I mean? Well, you have the &quot;switch hunting&quot; type plot. I hate switch hunting. If the game allows you to blow up anything (and Red Faction does not) then finding keys or switches should be irrelevent.The game is fun but it would be much better if it refrained from the &quot;great key/switch hunt&quot;
I have to admit I am a bit dissapointed in this game. While the graphics are excellent for the most part, the cut scene closeups are almost an insult to the rest of the game. Capek has got to be the cheesiest looking character I have ever seen in a FPS game.  The plot of the Single player mission is NOTHING like HAlflife as someone said in a review and Halflife is STILL top dog in FPS games.  I admit the weapons are pretty cool, but I don't see any significant difference in the so called Geo-mod engine and other good fps engines(Unreal, Halflife, etc) In fact, so far, I haven't been able to blow much of anything up. Also, the plot of the game is very vague and you can't even look at your objectives or anything to know what you have and haven't done.  One of the most annoying things in this game that just about had me spitting nails was the stupid civilian people who when they see anyone waving a gun, kneel down in the doorways and block your way every time.  Bottom Line, mediocre game at best, but definitely no challenge to Halflife.  Halflife is still the best by far.
Sure, the multiplayer is a million times better in the PC version than in the PS2, but like many other games that have made the switch from PC to console, or consols to PC, Red Faction PC has a lot of flaws that the PS2 version doesn't.First, and most importantly, do not get this game if you have a laptop computer!  that is unless you can figure out an easy way to configure the controls.  I've been trying all day to get something I am comfortable with, and it just isn't working.  I may just have to breakdown and put the game on my family computer instead... and I really didn't want to have to do that.Second, the Geo Mod is a lot slower than the PS2 Geo Mod, sometimes you have to sit and look at a wall for a second or two before the hole decides to show up.The final negative I have to groan about is the map generator.  I thought I'd be able to make something fairly easily, like I do with TimeSplitters, but I don't understand this mapmaker one bit.It's confusing, complicated, and not very well documented.That is about all there is that is really bad about this system, but that first one really bugs me, since the whole reason I bought the game was so that I could take my laptop over to a friend's house and we could hook 5 or 6 computers up and play... but the controls are just too weird.Now for the good stuff:More characters!  About twice as many characters as in the PS2 version.More levels.  Tons of levels, plus if custom levels if I can ever figure out how to use the map generator.I say, if you have a desktop computer, or if you don't have a PS2, go ahead and get this game, because it is an excelent First Person Shooter.  But if all you have is a laptop, or you don't really plan on doing too much multi-player with more than one other person, stick with the PS2.
I'm a huge fan of FPS on both consoles and PCs, and TimeSplitters was a bit of a letdown.  TS is basically a clone of Goldeneye/Perfect Dark.  Any fan of those games will definitely notice the similarities.  The look, the perspective, the weapons, the music, everything has that air of familiarity about it.  TS was even made by former Goldeneye developers.If you can gather 3 friends, though, be prepared for the epiphany of FPS.  A round of TS/PD/Goldeneye with 4 people beats an LAN game of Quake or Counter-Strike hands-down.  There is something about everyone sitting together that is lost when people have their own screens.  Still, I feel the multiplayer part is lacking.  TS offers better graphics than an N64 FPS, and the framerate never drops no matter how many bots you play with.  However, TS just doesn't offer the same number of options or levels that Perfect Dark offered 6 months ago.  I think that is very important for preventing a game like this from getting boring.  I have much more fun with Perfect Dark because of this very reason, despite the improvements in Timesplitters.  Most of all, I *don't* recommend buying this game to play by yourself.  The &quot;story&quot; mode is boring, and the bots are fairly dumb.  You fun is directly proportionate to the number of people you play with, so be wary if you can't get the gang together all that often.The biggest disappointment is the level builder.  The available &quot;building blocks&quot; are very few, like 8-10 total rooms and various corridors to connect them.  Don't expect to make a replica of your school or house, because every level looks like the same non-descript maze.  Overall, the level builder is easy to use and a great advancement to the genre, but most creative people will get bored with it really quickly.  Maybe a random-level generator would have been useful...
PS2 may have better graphics, but N64's Perfect Dark kicks the ... out of Time Splitters! I've been a fan of first person shooter games for a while, going all the way back to Wolfenstein and Doom for PC.. As well as a few obscure cheap immitations that I can't even remember the names of, and Time Splitters is one of the worst!The only reasons why Time Splitters ranked 3 stars are A: It is not that often that you can play an old drunk, and B: you can create your own levels.  Other than that, just stick with Perfect Dark for N64, and Zone of The Enders for PS2
THIS GAME IS VERY REALISTIC.PROS:1) THE BEST DAMN REALISTIC WRESTLING GAME EVER....2) THE CHAMPIONSHIP MODE IS AWSOME.CON1) THE GRAPHICS IS NOT THAT GOOD... (rock looks like monkey)2) THE FEETS ARE FLAT.3)IT STILL COST TOOOOO MUCH....4) THE WRESTLERS HAVE TOOOOOOOO MUCH MUSCLE.I CANT THINK OF ANY MORE BUT U SHOULD CHECK OUT SMACKDOWN 2. AND LOOK FOR ME ONYX C. :-)
I'm a die-hard Resident Evil fan, so I got this one. I've only played it on my PS2 and it works great. However, you can't save the game, so you have to beat it in one sitting. I like that it's inventive, with the first person perspective, no track to follow, and the ability to carry an unlimited amount of items. Only get this if you love Resident Evil.
This game provided hours of entertainment and lots of heart pumping action.  The characters are deeply and magnificently created and molded in a way that only  Square could do, and plus the gameplay rocks.  The graphics...wow.  I didn't think that any graphics on the playstation could be any better than the infamous Dino Crisis, (A platform game, not an RPG) But this game blew all the other so called RPG's out of the water.you're not going to be able to put this game down.  I don't think I'll ever leave those discs out of my playstation...not anytime soon, anyways.Even if you're not a hardcore final Fantasy fanatic, (I wasn't that much of a fan of them until this game) You will still enjoy this game and be able to follow it well.  IT's great fun being able to play so many characters.But...the reason that I did not give this game five stars is due to the well known fact that it still has that battle system.  I don't see how different it is from Final Fantasy Seven...the battle is almost the exact same thing.  Why is everyone saying that it's "Different?" I don't see a difference.  They're the same thing, only with different power ups and stuff.And how come during the battle you can't move the characters?  You  can only use weaponry and potions and all that...you can't actually move in circles around the boss or the enemy...all of your characters just stand there while you wait for your energy and magic bar to refill, so you can finally hit the badguy, (Or bad "Guys")And also the music...the sound effects...get really, really annoying.  Just Steiners armor as he's walking is so annoying that words cannot describe the sheer and complete annoyance.  I had to put my TV on Mute because it was so annoying.  The music was at times irratating and not at all as good as Final Fantasy seven.But the game is still fun.  I would indeed reccomend buying it, because it is truly excellent.  But if you are expecting a different battle system, (Like I was) or just hoping for an easy and short RPG, then do not get this game.  You will not find any of those.But still, like I said, this game does rule.  Believe me, I wanted to give this game five stars but when looking at all the factual information that I had gained off of playing it, I realized that this game was not worthy of the excellent and wonderful five stars.  Final Fantasy fans, I am sorry.
&quot;The Crystal comes back!&quot;  The catch phrase of FFIX, and possibly the most inaccurate statement ever in the history of videogaming.  I saw this phrase and thought of the days of the very first Final Fantasy, with a completely customizable party, a solid, inventive storyline &amp; combat system, and everything else generally associated with the first of this series.Although FFIX boasts the best polygonal characters of the series, as well as the best FMV, square has long since forgotten that video games are about gaming, not graphics.  Gamers can only be dazzled for so long before gameplay becomes a huge issue.  While I appreciate the characters, storyline, and stability of this game far more than I did those of FFVII &amp; VIII, IX lost a lot in the following ways:1)  What happened to the serious plotlines?  Given not only the recent trend towards serious gaming but also the release of the movie (sci-fi based, like FFVII &amp; VIII, not fantasy like IX), square should have continued their trend of seriousness.  A glance at FFX on PS2 shows that square intends on continuing the serious trends later.  Why the one reprieve? 2)  The battle system is boring.  Hardcore gamers and FF fans will yell at me for this, but lets face it: the battle system is the repeated mashing of a single button, with very little thought involved. 3)  The minigames, while much better than before, yield dubious and/or difficult results.  There are two extremes to the minigame situation: tetra master &amp; chocobo's hot &amp; cold.  tetra master (which everyone will recognize immediately as Triple Triad of FFVIII) is a collectible card game, complete with 100 different cards, collector ranks, and cards that can gain experience and have individual statistics.  The problem, of course, is twofold.  The first is that the highest collector level is ridiculously hard to attain.  The second is that there's no reward for attaining it.  Unlike Triple Triad of FFVIII, you get no items for having the best cards: you get...respect?  On the other end of the spectrum, chocobo's hot &amp; cold is far too challenging and nitpicky for the prizes it rewards (namely, the best/second best weapons in the game for several characters).Ok, that's the end of the rant.  The game is still fun.  The ending was the best FF ending I've seen in years.  So I'll stop whining.
This was my very first PS1 title and very first Final Fantasy game. I loved the graphics and the story but it definitely earns its "T" rating. It's rated T for mild language but the characters use that Mild language a whole lot particularly "The D word" and some very suggestive dialogue. "We all fell asleep? you didn't... touch the princess did you?" The game is also full of subtle statements and symbols about religion so if you care about things of that nature then be advised that there is prayer to a number of objects as well as items like "ANNOYntment". . As far as gameplay goes it's a turn-based RPG which ,  while annoying at first is very easy to get used to. As the name imples, you  and your opponent take turns attacking each other. The only thing I found incredibly frustrating was a virtually useless map(Aside from a pointer and dots you never know exactly where you are)  and the fact that you can't run a foot without being attacked by a monster.(I thought Pok&eacute;mon coined that.)  It gets rather tedious, especially when you're low on potions. The music is great for its time and I think they did a spectacular job of making the Characters likeable and well rounded but the bad guys were left out of that loop and pretty clich&eacute;. This wouldn't be a problem if the game hadn't already succeeded in making so many clich&eacute;s likable again. The princess commoner crush with Zidane and Garnett, Loyal knight with Steiner. Philosopher(Of sorts) with Vivi,  and a medieval setting.  All are  given a new spin but the villains are just flat and extremely so. Brahne's only reason for being so cruel and is the death of her husband and Kuja seems interested in power for power's sake. The main villain is even flatter than they are.The game also feels extremely rushed to where the supposed "Big Twists" become more like Deus ex Machina or are so "matter of fact" it makes the drama fail miserably. For instance DON'T READ ON IF YOU DON'T LIKE SPOILERS. Garnett goes to one place. Just one place and in that instant has a vague flashback that reveals to the player that Brahne is not her real mother when (depending on how skilled you are) not twenty minutes before, we have Eiko going on about how her race is extinct and being alone. It's the equivalent of:Eiko: It's nice to have guests especially since I'm the last of my race.Garnett: What a beautiful cave. *Gasps as thirty second flashback commences* My mother is not my real mother. I'm a native of Mandain Sari!Eiko: I'm not alone anymore, Yay! Let's go pray to the wall.O.0....This was never even remotely hinted at previously. (Aside from Branhe's hideously ugly face and body in comparison to Garnett's beautiful appearance,Arguably.) It's random and did not have the intended shock value. Sure, they develop Eiko and Garnett in other ways but it doesn't excuse how rushed everything feels emotion wise.Aside from that I was able to sympathize with these characters (at least the good ones), Learn their strengths and weaknesses via an easy battle system and feel pretty awesome doing it. Overall it was a fun game but DEFINITELY a Teen one.I admit I was about halfway through Disc three before I had to quit playing altogether and toss my copy into the garbage (Due to content. If I wanted to read that much profanity I could've just picked up Catcher in the Rye for a lot less. ) that and the fact  two and a half of four discs is more than enough time to develop at least one villain to a satisfactory extent and this wasn't done. We had at least four and they're all woefully one-dimensional.Villains make a story and the ones in this story didn't enthrall me at all. Sure, It's great that you're a greedy evil queen but WHY? What was it about your husband that kept you from greed? Did he change you before? Why are you so ugly? What's your backstory???SURE it's great that you want power and to defy those who made you but WHY? SPOILER! Why did you team up with the evil queen just to kill her and make Garnett the new queen? Wouldn't it have made more sense to gain power by rubbing shoulders with the queen and Garnett only to kill them both so YOU'D rise to power next?Where the heck did you come from old guy in armor? Why weren't you mentioned two discs ago?Ugh. Villain development needed badly.To be honest I was hooked but this game just didn't do it for me. Not for young children or people who might be offended by the theistic elements in it or large amounts of profanity.
I don't have much that I can say about this game that is good. The story line didn't make this game worth while, and while the gameplay was better than FF VIII the character models were iritatingly childish. This is what we get from the systems that accuses Nintendo of being nothing but kiddie games? You can't have cutsie cartoony characters swear and pass it off as not being kiddie crap, and I'm sorry, but that's what this game was. It wasn't even an epic kiddie game like Mario, or Pokemon, what this was wasa mediocre last ditch attempt to try and sqeeze some much needed cash out of the franchise, and while it wasn't entirely unlikeable, it was such a throwback to older games that it was completely unoriginal, and there in lied it's problem. It's plot, characters, etc were all rehash from past FF games. There are moments of silliness that will force a smile out of you, but I found myself anxious to have the game overwith, and never bothered to dig into side quests, bonus Eidilons or any of that. Had FF IX been FF VIII maybe I would have liked it better, but to spoil me with FF VIII's graphics, then expect me to be happy with the super deformed kiddie garbage is unfair. Thankfully FF X takes the series back into a progressive state, unlike this one which was more rehash than nostalgia.
Final Fantasy IX - Circa 1999GOOD:- Recaptures classic NES Final Fantasy theme on PS1- Some nice CG movies in between gameplayBAD:- Graphics are pretty dated- Not considered as classic to many as Final Fantasy VI, VII, or XIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Turn based RPG- No voice-overs, so there is lots of reading- Card Battling as a mini game- Super-Deformed look for the characters turned off a lot of peopleGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Final Fantasy VII- Final Fantasy VIII- Legend of Dragoon- Chrono CrossADDITIONAL NOTES:- All Final Fantasy are not related to one another, think of each Final Fantasy a it's own game not connect in any real/true way to another Final Fantasy, the only exception is Final Fantasy X-2 which is a sequel to Final Fantasy X
definately the worst FF in the series.  i don't mind the cartoony graphics but the story was ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE.  it was sooooo boring and the game was too easy.  there were hardly any fun side things to do.  i didn't like FF 8 much either but it's definately better than this one.
Don't get me wrong, Final Fantasy 9 is an ok game. Although I wouldn't give it 5 stars because it's lacking what FF7 and FF8 have. The story is mediocre, nothing mind blowing. Typical bad guy trying to destroy the world, good guy beats him, good guy gets the girl.... etc.. The main villain "Kuja" lacks personality, power, he's just a metrosexual monkey who's all emo. The story fails to build him up as the main villain really. Not intimidating and can be confused as a girl. What makes this game any fun is the side quests, like chocobo's forest, where you can dig up treasure and earn points. That's pretty much why I even play Final Fantasy 9. Other than that the battle system is a fail, the characters are somewhat interesting, but then again lack any real purpose in combat. Skill points are useless and don't work. I'll explain.Ok, 80% of Final Fantasy 9 is random battles. Why? Because some genius at Squareso... ooopps it's Enix now.. decided to get rid of the "No Encounter" feature that was introduced in Final Fantasy 8.  I'm glad they brought it back in Final Fantasy 10. You can't go 5 steps in this game without encountering some huge house with a canon trying to kill you..............Yep, you heard me right. Monsters are ridiculous. Now there are some cool things they added to the battle system for instance: 4 characters in combat. Great idea. Also having friendly enemy encounters on the field that reward you for doing something other than mashing X until they die. Another good idea. But it eventually falls apart until you end rage quitting. Limit breaks are cool at first, they do 9,999 damage, but when you're at level 100 there's no point any more. The same genius decided to get rid of limit breaks that do multiple hits. So a limit break does 9,999 and a regular attack does 9,999. Know what I'm saying, pointless. Also learning abilities is nice, but again.. Pointless. Example: You can learn an ability called " Magic Null" which like the name says nullifies any magical attack that hits you. WRONG. Magic attacks still hit you and do just as much damage. FAIL.  There's a few more, but I can't remember off the top of my head abilities that don't work. How could Square-enix miss such simple things like this? Tents don't heal fallen characters, remedies don't work on some status effects, if an opponent cast's "Stop" on you it's game over, no mega-elixirs, card game offers no reward, The turn base is broken: enemies take way more turns than you do. That last one get's very annoying especially later on in the game when you're fighting bosses, it's like for every 1 turn you take with a character they take 2 turns. FAIL. That completely ruins the point of turn base! I can go on an on, but I'll just sum it up with this.Final Fantasy 9 is an ok game, but to be honest if I was working for Square-enix at the time. I would have stood up at a meeting for this game and smacked everyone at the table. Except Nobou, the soundtrack for 9 is fantastic, he did a great job as usual! But the rest of them would have got smacked, then I would say "We are not making another Final Fantasy unless it includes everything that made Final Fantasy 6, 7, and 8 great!" I mean isn't this the logical thing to do. If you have something great don't start subtracting from it: ADD to it! Otherwise you end up with Final Fantasy 13....... EPIC FAIL....... Anywho this game is ok and I'm pretty forgiving because 10 was awesome except it was too linear, they must have had a wake up call after 9. then again it was FAIL city after FF10. They should just start calling Final Fantasy "Final Fail" from now on. More appropriate in 2012.
This Final fantasy looks more cartoonish, because and the gameplay is kind of like final fantasy 1. The plot is very complex and has various twists. Without any spoilers, the plot is about this bandits that that they're thieves ( the game has job classes) they're about to kidnap the princess. Zidane, a monkey tailed guy, the protagonitst, one of the band, finds the princess, and while the queen watches the play , the princess agrees to being kidnap because her mother is acting very strange, thinks her mother is plotting a war against the nations. The story goes on, and no one in this game is who appears to be, the princess is not who she thinks she is, Zidane is not very human; more characters appear as the plot thickens.What I don't like about it, is that it looks less real (like ff8,x, XI, XII, XIII), it doesn't have that many sidequests like ff8 or ffX-2. The dungeons are not that interesting like in FFX or FF8, the superboss is not fun like Omega in FF8, this superboss heals himself and is extremely hard. What I do like, is that it's the story keeps you guessing, the weapons/abilities system is kind of fun (The weapons have the abilities that the characters need to learn.
Out of the PS1 and PS2 Final Fantasy games, this one is my least favorite. The plot line is rather bland and the game is too cartoony after the last few.
The buttons look a little funny, but it works.  It's a controller for an old system so guess that's understandable.
i have lost so much memory with these memory card.  lost files and when lost the memory will say corrupt you will not be able to delete believe me i tried.  other then that they are good.
What can I say about it...it saves stuff.  It came functional, with saved games full of sports crap that was deleted.  But hey no issues.  Thank you.
I went to the store and picked up a second one, which was much cheaper, by like 10 dollars. The official memory card is alright. I think this memory card can get flimsy though, as in worn. Sometimes when I put it in, it doesn't always read the memory card, so sometimes I feel like I am going to lose all my saves, but here it is, it is exactly like those other memory cards. I have a second memory card, it is yellow and has some black markings with a black circle. It was about 25 dollars, at the time, it was much cheaper than this memory card, and it still works exactly like this one. I would just go buy the cheapeast one you see.
What I said about the PS1 memory card can be said about the PS2 memory card as well. Memory cards are evil. If Sony was wise they would do what Microsoft did with the X-Box and include a memory system as part of the system instead of having the consumer spend more money on an item that should be part of the system to begin with. But unfortunately, if you want to save any progress on any games you play, you have to have one. Also, unlike PS1 cards, the Sony PS2 card is the best memory card out there for the PS2 system so instead of saving a few bucks and getting a cheaper memory card, it's usually better to just buy the Sony version instead and save yourself some time, money, and trouble. PS2 memory cards won't save info from PS1 games, so you have to buy cards for both systems in order to play all games. An expensive extra necessity if you own a PS2.
Before I get into the good things about Ico, I must say that I finished this game in under 6 hours.  I'm not a fast or great gamer, it's just that Ico is very short.  Too short for $...  On top of this, one major section is a mirror image of an earlier puzzle.  Also, there is little reason to play it a second time through, so why buy it?Otherwise, Ico is a wonderful, beautiful adventure game.  You play a young boy with horns, trying to escape from a mysterious castle.  The castle itself is gigantic, with towering walls that rise 400 feet above the ocean.  As you climb level after level, you can see the levels you completed below you, making the sense of scale mindboggling.  And while Ico has many bland, low-res textures that look really ugly, there is a wonderful glow to everything, almost as if you were looking at a painting and not a video game.  This game has some very beautiful moments.  Also, the plot is fairly engaging, and the ending is very satisfying - just be sure to wait past the credits.As for actual gameplay, Ico is pretty standard adventure game stuff.  You run, jump, push blocks, and climb rope.  There are lots of easy yet obscure puzzles, as you must open doors and pull levels to get from area to area.  Most puzzles are based on exploration.  Ico's biggest twist is the addition of Yorda, a princess who you must protect and escort out of the castle.  She can't go everywhere you can, and while you are off opening a path for her, monsters sometimes come to grab her.Rent this game first, you see everything in 1 weekend.
If they were trying to charge big bucks for this game I'd say forget it, but I'm adding my thumbs-up to all the other reviewers because it's a quality title for the price.  Think of Serious Same as a graphic update to Doom.  The game adds all the cool transparencies, lens flares, and other lighting effects, but it's pretty much a lot of running around in giant arenas and shooting everything that comes at you.My only complaint is the shotgun is too slow to reload in my opinion compared to the other FPS's out there.  You may find yourself using the rocket launcher more often.  Don't expect much AI - they all just run at you and either blow up or start swinging.  But it's a nice looking game and there's plenty of baddies to shoot down if you want to &quot;kill&quot; some time.
Serious Sam is a great game untill it's over in about 3 hours.  Technically the single player take's about a day, but the fun, for me stops after about 3 hours because the game just become's boring and repitious.  So if you are looking for a great shooter with DEPTH than this is not the one for you.
A fast and fun game for older kids.Do to the violence I wouldn't recommend it for younger kids.
Not as good as the first one, but it's still considered a classic in my eyes. Love collecting these old games. One day, they will be gone, but I will keep mine safe no matter what.
This isn't a bad game. Reminds me a lot of Zelda. Dungeon based game system. I found the leveling up of weapons to be very interesting and very fun. My biggest gripe is that this can often times take forever to do. Plus, you can evolve weapons into bigger, better weapons, but again, this can take forever. In essence, the game should only take about 20 hours from beginning to end but has taken me 40+ hours to due leveling/evolving weapons. Graphics are fun but look like beefed up N64 graphics.
Where to start with Dark Cloud?Firstoff It's available for eight  dollars  at most local gamestops in my area(Tax included) so try there first. Sure it's used but you can save a load of cash that way.The Rating.The descriptors are violence and comic mischief but I wonder if the ESRB missed a couple of thousand issues. Though they are not spoken the words "Helluva" and  the "D" word  appear in dialogue enough times to notice. The fortune teller  tells your fortune by leaping ontop of the main characters head and  grinding on it before screaming "Pumpkin panty fourtune telling! here we go!!. No exaggeration. Luckily there are only a few  things she can tell you.  It isn't to graphic but considering the implications I think they  should've added language and ....something else as a descriptor.PlotAn ancient evil genie has been brought back to life via some bizzare dance. A human quickly steps forth and deems himself it's master on the grounds that he brought it back to life. The genie agrees before realizing it hasn't  eaten in years and swallowing a nearby human whole. Your character (Whom you get to name with the default being "Toan") Is having a celelbration  in his village  when the dark genie attacks, seemingly destroying everything and everyone. You are rescued by the Fairy King. He tells you that he rescued everyone by sealing them inside "Alta"  which are basically metal balls.He gives your character a special glove so he can wander the world, find the pieces of erach destroyed place and rebuild them. Ebbventually you'll have to defeat the dark genie with help from the friends you meet along the way.GraphicsThis game tries a little hard to mimic Legend of Zelda minus flexible limbs or even slightly realistic swordplay.When you attack your character literally just swings the weapon side to side. That's it.Weapons.Guess what? THEY'RE BREAKABLE. IF YOU DON'T CONSTANTLY REPAIR YOUR WEAPON IT WILL BREAK AND DISAPPEAR. The only exception is your very first. a dinky little dagger that  hardly does any damage. The fairy king "Blessed" this one so it can only break. Not break and disappear. You can also build them up to be really strong and cool looking.  There are a numbver of  different kins  you can discover. You'll also find glowing crystals called attatchments. These are very imprortant. Only by leveling up your weapon via attatchmens can they be built up. It's worth the work  but breakable weapons are  stupid to me especially with bosses to fight.AlliesIMPORTANT.In this game you will meet and get to name your allies. Just like you they have HP breakable weapons etc.  No big deal right? I mean you're obviously the star and you're the only one who can collect alta so you don't need to worry about whether they're in top form right? DEAD WRONG. You must, must, must , must, must level up the others. There are boss battles where the main character is completely USELESS. even in the very first you literally CANNOT win without help from your ally. So treat them like your main. It's been the case in every boss battle I've fought so far. Your allies are just as required as your main. It makes the game stand out and I found it to be both agonizing and awesome. when you meet flying monsters use the ally best suited for the job. it will pay off.Enemies  and BossesThe monsters often have pathetic names and cliche designs with the exception of the triceratops with a  huge spiked club.there are skeleton guards  and  monsters named after the days of the week. so you won't be Lookin' forward to the weeekend!Friday is just like the song annoying and hard to kill.First two  bosses are easy(again with help) but HEADS UP! for the third your main is useless so  when you get your first  three  allies  focus on leveling up their fire abilities and attack power via attatchments. You'll see why. Just do it. it is absolutely essential unkless you've got about four or five hours to spare. (I speak from experience.) again the fact you have to use the allies makes it unique.Biggest Con.Your Lock on does little more than make the camera go wild. Literally. It's so frustrating. It rarely ever works or shows you the approaching enemies. It's terrible.Overall the game introduces new concepts and stands out  because it makes sure every person has  an equal role  in the defeat of enemies.  Typical fantasy adventure with a cou[ple of issues. Ity isn't for kids. too complex and... the fortunetelling... ugggh so its definitely a teen game. If it were anything too bad I'd have returned the game or thrown it away but I'm still playing. I will update this review once I finish. right now it's simply "Ok."
Dark Cloud would make a really fun rental - you might be tempted to buy it afterwards.  However, whatever you see in those first few hours is all you're ever gonna get, because this game is very repetative.  It is basically a dungeon crawl - you explore random dungeons and fight monsters in real time, Zelda-style.  Sadly, Dark Cloud can't hold a candle to Zelda - it's missing great puzzles, great story, and any sense of exploration.  Each new dungeon has different &quot;wallpaper&quot;, but you will find that each random level has the same basic layout, which gets old very very quickly.  Getting experience is fun, because you level up your weapons, not your characters, and you can tranform weapons or even imbed their power in other weapons.  The best reward is finding town pieces in the dungeon, which you take to the surface and begin assembling, almost like SimCity.  I actually had lots of fun with this part, but there are only 4 towns total, so not much to it.  The graphics are nice, and at times amazing, especially in the towns, but in the dungeons I felt they were merely &quot;ok&quot;.  The plot is basic and uninteresting.  The the end, just an average game.
Dark Cloud is a game about Toan who is given the power to stop evil. The story was great, sound was great but their are no voiceovers, and gameplay was great. The only thing that is a little frustrating/annoying is the level up system for the weapons. I think it takes kind of long to level the weapons up. Level 5 should have made the leveling up system better. Still Dark Cloud should not be missed.
OK, so I bought this game on a whim, my collection was getting boring.  I put the game in, played for a little while and thought the game was alright.  I can't tell you too much of the story, but the object of the game is to go into these dungons, fight monsters, get the items in the sphere things, leave the dungon and rebuild the town that you are in.  The first town and dungon is pretty fun.  You are able to rebuild the town anyway you'd like.  However, if you listen to the townspeople when ever you start to rebuild, they will give you hints on where to put things.  OK, so I finished the first town and went on to the second.  That's were it became repetitios.  Same old thing, just in a different town.  Go into dungon, fight monsters, get items to rebuild town... BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.What makes it even worse is that when you are in the dungon, you have to keep an eye on your water supply.  When you run out of water, you start to lose health.  And, your weapons only have a few attacks before breaking.  Keep an eye on your weapon also, when it's about to break, you have to use a Weapon Recovery to fix it.  If you're too late and it breaks, your SOL.The characters in the game are rather annoying.  Especially the main guy, whom you can name whatever you'd like.  He doesn't talk which I don't like.  And has anyone else noticed he looks just like the main character from Dragon Quest VIII?  I know the two games are from the same company, Level 5 I believe, but come on, show some originality.Anyway, this is a game that kids will really enjoy.  There is nothing complicated to it, just really repetitious.Oh, one thing I forgot to mention.  When you are in the dungons and you decide to leave with out killings all the monsters, you'll lose half your money.  Same thing happens when you die in the dungon.  That really is lame.
Back in the day, when PS2 disc where ruled by their dark underbellies, a game called "Dark Cloud" emerged. The game that is considered to be like a Zelda game. Yes indeed, it did infact star a young main male character who is mute, opens chest, dungeon-crawls and has the game-play of an action rpg. But unlike Zelda franchise Dark Cloud has no over world map to travel upon and a cast of other playable character which wouldn't be in a Zelda game. Not to mention the multiple variety of swords that can be found inside dungeons or brought at stores, while Zelda has a few selected traditional weapons.  With that in mind let us considered this a zelda-knock off with a sprinkle of Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts genre.The gameplay is standard in this game. Basically slash your way through the levels while searching for the missing pieces of the villages and solve key items and puzzles to move onto the next level. Nothing too interesting about the combat. As for the Sims part of the game your just moving buildings around. Take a building, and place it where you want it to go. Certain buildings may have additional keys or storyline available if you are able to obtain them inside of the dungeon's. There are tons and tons of monsters in this game more than there are NPC's. This is a heavy dungeon-crawler, enemies will "reappear" if you leave the area or wait around too long. There also is a leveling-up factor. The more enemies that are defeated, the stronger the characters will become. Certain characters can form certain attacks which is key for advancing in the later stages.On the other-hand the storyline isn't that much in-depth and grabbing. Prince needed power for kingdom, seeks a way to gain that power and in the result is cursed. Prince ends up killing the girl he's interested in. Prince vows to put an end to the evil inside of him and goes into the future. Main hero must go back in time to stop the evil in the Prince. Fat Dark-Genie was an imitation and a mouse. This game is also loaded with some cuteness factor.It's a nice game with some good ideas but there are other games out there now that go beyond what Dark Cloud was during its peak in the gaming world.
The great graphics and sound have been covered before, so I will only cover what I didn't like.No porsche. I like the 911's etc and it seems a pity that they are not there. I would also have liked to have seen some Lamborgini's.But my greatest disappointment is that there are no racing colours for all the cars. Only the pure race cars have the racing colours. What I loved so much about GT1 was taking an everyday car, customising it and having the option of giving it the colours. Sponsors and a number. It was really alot of fun to take a mirage or civic and turn it into a race car. You can still do alot of customising to the cars. But they will always be in the same colours and look the same as you when buy it. You can change the wheels which is cool. It was for me a great appeal to get each car to the race colours and added alot of depath to the game.It hasn't really improved that much. If you take away the great graphics then it is pretty much the same as GT1 &amp; 2. But with less cars, options and features.It is still a great game, and it is still alot of fun to play. But they could have done more and it could have been better. It is worth the money. But in many ways Gran Turismo 1 is my favourite. It blew me away and kept me captivated for weeks on end. I don't think GT3 is going to keep me as hooked.
Gran Turismo was truly something phenomenal when it began on the original Playstation.  Now, on the Playstation 2, I think it's time to end the Gran Turismo series.  The game isn't BAD at all.  It's just ordinary racing.I think too much emphasis was put on realism and not enough on simply having fun.  Every car looks spectacular but they all feel exactly the same.  I find myself daydreaming while racing because, honestly, looking at good graphics all the time can only be interesting until the next updated racing title comes out, and then all eyes are focused on THAT game.I think I know why so many people are selling Gran Turismo for such a cheap price.  It's average.
Yo!  I've been gaming since I was in my teens. And I didn't get a Playstation until 2000, when the PS2 was super hard to get.So, I didn't get GT 1 or 2 until around 2001.  I loved those games.  They really rocked. I actually remember GT 1 being the funnest.Well, we have another version of this game, in GT 3.  I have to say, this game is getting a bit wooden and boring.  A Sim, it is, but without some "crashes" or other effects, it just falls flat, as far as I'm concerned.I would not recommend buying this, unless it is the first GT you've played.  Than, you may as well get GT 4, right?I would say buy it as a first GT owned; other than that, nothing new here. Move on.MC White said: It's a'iight, but nothing new here.
for a racing game it is actually pretty cool I don't like cars but if I did this game would get a 5 the licences are a little hard to get on it though but overall this is a fun game
While not trying to belittle certain small aspects of this game, i feel that all in all it is a bit overrated. The one main reason for this is the difficult driving mechanics. You may say, wel thats great it jst adds to the realism, but ive never played a videogame for the reality, quite the opposite actually. The whole reason we play videogames is to escape from reality, an hour or so at a time. This game all but throws reality right in to your home away from home.In this game's favor, i do have to say that the selection of cars is incredible, and all the detail in being able to change things on your car, more engine than cosmetic, are a very nice change from the normal 50 or so stock cars. In conclusion, there is fun to be had here, just don't think your going to look like the king of racing in the process.If what you think your getting is a quick adrenaline rush from this game, your wrong. I found this game to be THE lenghtiest racing sim. Some races can take 2 hours to complete, thats just one race, nto a tournament, which makes tension and adrenaline difficult to find.In conclusion, if what you want is a powerhouse game that requires MANY hours to complete absorb all the content, this is just the ticket. However, if what your looking for is a quick and fun racing game to play with your friends i suggest Need for speed Hot pursuit 2, or underground, depending on if your in the mood for tuners or exotics, cuz i know i love both!
Theres really no difference between this game and the other Gran Turismo games.  The differences graphics, tracks, and cars.  The handling can be troubling sometimes.  There are no Porsche's and Ferrari's which make the game worse.  If your a new comer to the Gran Turismo series then this would be a great game, but if you have the other two then don't waist your time on this one.
It's no secret that Sonic 3 and Sonic & Knuckles were supposed to be one gigantic game but developing time and cartridge ability forced the project to be split into two halves. Back in the 90s I only ever played Sonic and Sonic 2 on my Mega Drive. I remember when Sonic 3 came out in about June 1994. It was out of my price range at the time and by the time I had enough money to invest the Mega Drive was already losing ground to the next-generation consoles so I never bothered.Now that I'm trying to catch up with all the games I missed I am a little bit disappointed with Sonic 3. The first sequel was released to unprecedented hype in the run up to Xmas in 1992, while Sonic 3 seemed to just appear in shops with little to no fanfare.The gameplay is nearly no different from the previous games. Sonic jumps, dashes, spins, accelerates and smashes as usual. The special stages have been changed again. The rotating labyrinths and speedway chases are gone and in their place there is the cruelest, hardest level I've ever played in any video game. Sonic runs around on a giant sphere collecting blue spheres and avoiding red spheres, all in giddy, disorientating faux-3D. It's the kind of thing that provokes seizures. And unless you have the reflexes of a superhuman gunslinger and have a control pad with responses far beyond what the Mega Drive was capable of you'll never, ever manage to succeed at them all.The music is also a bit of step-down from Sonic 1 and 2. Those tunes were catchy and fun, while the tunes in this game are just kinda middling and mediocre. A bit of a missed opportunity.And don't get too excited about the ending. The game just...STOPS. There's no epic climax, no eye-candy, no credits recap. It just ends. I do realize that this is because the game is really only halfway finished but the developers still could have put in something...anything! A cliffhanger perhaps?Despite the disappointment, I'm still looking forward to Sonic & Knuckles. It's got a lot to make up for. Afterwards I'll revisit Sonic 3 with the lock-on and see if it makes for a better experience.Graphics ASound BGameplay BLasting Appeal B-
Why did the people at sega have to copy Sonic 2 to make money?  I was really hoping for a great game when I played this right after finishing Sonic 2, but, to my dismay, I found almost no difference between it and Sonic 3.The mini games are okay, but insanely difficult and pointless and the regular game play makes it seem to be just an expansion on to Sonic 2.  While it featured some new power ups, these were not enough to make Sonic 3 a great game over it's predicessor, which I found to be one of the best 2D platform games ever.I found this game to be a complete waste of my time, since, after all, I'd already just finished it's twin, Sonic 2.
I bought this item thinking it would open up a "whole new world" of gameplay and breathe new life into some old games in my collection.After having issues with the installation of this adapter to my desktop and PS2 with a router, I pitched the router to the side and went straight from modem to my PS2.  Success.  Well, sort of.  Sure, it worked like it was supposed to, but I didn't really enjoy playing on-line too much.  I tried out a couple Pro Skater games, but failed to really see any real difference in gameplay.  Lots of games were full, and the ones that weren't, well, I didn't stick around too long.  After maybe 30 or 40 minutes, I popped in Vice City and realized the adapter was a waste of time and money.
Although I must admitt that I broke down and bought one of these, there really isn't a point to having it.  The only online game at the moment worth playing is TimeSplitters 2, and I am getting that for X-Box, not PS2.  So it will probably sit there for at least another month or so, collecting dust.
Pros: 1. A spooky mansion with neat monsters 2. Great graphics and fun spells that have to be used interactively. 3. Tons of rooms and objectives Cons: 1 Too often a simple thing like jumping up on something is so hard you will either be bored to death or abandon that part of the game altogether. In one place we estimated that about 2% of the entire mouse area resulted in a productive hit. Boring! 2. Weapons changes can be slow and cumbersome even on a 1.5gig P4 system with 256 Ram and a Geforce2 Ultra 64MB.  3. Too much loading everytime you went to a new room. 4. Given the problems with weapons, reloading and  jumping, if you hit a complex puzzle it was very difficult to figure out exactly what you were doing wrong.To best enjoy this game....get the hint book and use it frequently....It will at least tell you whether spending an hour trying to jump on something is worth it.
The Good: Lots of gore! Great story, cool weapons and spells, creepy atmosphereThe Bad: Extremely slow pace, flat, boring, and lifeless visuals, unforgiving difficultyI came into Undying with high expectations from what I've heard of the game and they were easily brought down fast. While the game creates a scary atmosphere and the story is original...it takes FOREVER for it to pick up and the shooting is the same thing over and over. You have plenty of neat weapons and magical powers but most of them are rendered useless. The story goes along the lines of a man named Patrick who has to help and old friend out who released a curse when he was a child. You have to investigate this curse and find out what was really released.While this is good and all the game takes forever to tell the story and makes you just want to stop playing for good. The graphics are bad for today's standards. Using the Unreal Engine 1.0 the game tries to create a creepy and scary atmosphere, which it pulls off, but in the end brought down due to its poor graphics. While there are older games that have good graphics even for today; Undying's are just lifeless, flat, and boring. The game is ultra gory with skeletons ripping your heart out and eating it, Howlers ripping your head off and eating it...it's a bloody sight indeed. Also, with the extreme difficulty it makes you want to hate this game even more. Ammo and health are scarce even on the easy setting.This was of course when EA had balls and released games such as Thrill Kill, American McGee's Alice, and this game. If you can stomach the poor graphics and slow pace then Undying is for you. If you played this game back in 2001 then it would have been wonderful.
....eight years after the original masterpiece in 1993, but it just didn't have enough to hold my interest for very long.It starts out well, with the QuickTime integrated movies and beautiful artwork, compelling storyline, revolving around a man who's novels are actually mystic links to other &quot;ages,&quot; just as the previous two games.  But Myst III is nothing new, albeit probably an improvement over Riven...which isn't saying a whole lot. (Riven was too lengthy and cryptic regarding the puzzles to enjoy in my opinion).Exile did a good job of adding to the Myst series, it actually is an enjoyable adventure game.  Don't listen to the pretentious people out there who call themselves &quot;gamers&quot; and steer you away from it if you liked the original. It's just that the awe of Myst has worn off after so many new steps in technologyand newer 3D games that blow it away in terms of it's engineering and multimedia immersion since 1993.But I commend UBI Soft for not putting out a complete piece of garbage just to make some money off of the franchise name, which they could've easily done.  Instead they've made an enjoyable adventure game that's very fantastical and immersive.
the Chao angle of this was a horrible addition, that takes up space. It takes eons to make them half-way powerful, and it mostly makes you not want to take the time, while they hoped it would make people obsessed. Some things are done very right and are fun in Chao Gardens, though. The internet aspect never came close to it's potential, it felt more like promises. Knuckles and Amy have such boring game quests and Tails just shoots in a dry adventure of his own. I don't even care about Shadow or the evil version of the good guys, which comes off as a...gimmick. I only want to play as SONIC. And when you're doing that, it's loads of fun, just don't expect to do that much. Overall, I think the first one was better, though they are both worth it.
Sonic Adventure 2 is all around a decent, although somewhat disappointing game.  It had a lot of potential, and got surprisingly good reviews, but it did not live up to the hype.  Don't get me wrong, Sonic/Shadow levels are awesome, and really fun despite being easy.  I would even have to say that Sonic levels by themselves would nab a 5.  The game's major fault, however, is the different levels for different characters.  It would be fine to play with Knuckles or Tails in levels similar to Sonic ones.  They are cool characters.  But instead, Tails (as well as Eggman) are put into inane shooter levels.  They are bearable, but detract from the games essence.  The Knuckles/Rouge levels, on the other hand, are downright horrible, and possess almost no redeeming value (other than you get to be Knuckles, and glide, punch, and climb on things).The storyline is surprisingly good and well thought out, as well as non-cliched, for a simple action game.  Having a Hero and Dark sides of the storyline is really cool, and they help color each other in.  The cut scenes are plentiful and well done, though the English voice acting is terrible (Japanese voices with English subtitles is preferable).  The bosses and boss fights are interesting and added a special flare (at least the ones that weren't other playable characters).  The graphics are nice.  A little outdated, but good enough that it doesn't detract from the game.  Though the camera is bad enough for it to be impossible to see any of the graphics anyway.  On a side note, I think that is exactly how Sonic and Eggman look.  I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about.  The music is amusing at first, but seemingly not very well done (the menu screen music, if left running for ten minutes, is enough to drive one insane).One last thing to mention: Chao World.  It is a nice, adorable, well programmed, fun little diversion, but is ultimately pointless (especially without a working VMU).All in all, Sonic Adventure 2 was cool, but with some infuriating flaws, like non-Sonic/Shadow levels, which pulled it down from 5 to 3 stars.  Still, I would suggest buying it if you're looking for a little action or adventure.  Have fun.
You can beat this game in about four to four and a half hours. Great graphics and plot. Good voice acting. Hard. The main character leo, is the worst character for this game. A wimpy little vengeful child. The music is awesome and so is the level design. Very fun to dive around and flip and use that to destroy enemies. There are quite a few subweapons, but the game is too short to enjoy them. Rent it and you can beat it.
Well, when I first loaded up the game, it seems good. I really got it for the Metal Gear Solid 2 demo, but I figured I would be playing the actual game too. What can you expect from konami? Great games. Suikoden and MGS. However, why did Konami do it. Why did they sell us out. MGS 2 is really short, and this game proves to be even shorter.The combat is great. You got slash and attack. You get a second mech, but its just fun. Moving around feels fluid, you will see your legs leave burn marks on the ground if u glide on them, and it also feels great to just traverse around. However the arenas are usually really small, so you won't have much to explore. Anyways at first I had no clue what to do on any place, but I soon figured it out. The real problem is how they did it. You do stupid little tasks with your ship thingy, all the while hearing about how this enormous battle on mars is going to take place, at the same time you are stuck with a robot who is learning to be human. Which part sounds familiar to you? Practically every robot story is about how the robot in the end usually grows to feel emotions. It is really cheesy. Then it starts to get boring and old.So you finally meet up with the big bad guy? YOU CAN'T BEAT HIM. YOU CANNOT BEAT THE LAST BAD GUY. How terrible is that. Its like your fighting him, then you can't do anyting against him. So you go to this place. Get ready for the battle of mars, wrong. They just end it. It is terrible. The game lasted about 4 hours, mabye 2 if I sped through. Almost as horrible as the ending, is the bonuses. Theres basically nothing you will get after acomplishing the game. No upgraded mech weapons or anything, so I fail to see any point in replaying it. Where the game does good in graphics and fighting, it fails miserably in every other possible aspect.
Kid Icarus became available in its original form with enhanced 3D graphics for the 3DS via download from the Nintendo eShop about a couple of years ago, and I immediately downloaded the classic for a cool 6 bucks. They also made a highly regarded new Kid Icarus (Kid Icarus: Uprising) for the 3DS with some breathtaking 3D visuals and brilliant graphics, but I digress. Although I still owned the original cartridge and could play it with relative ease - plug in the old NES via the 'rca' style video cords - I was excited to play it via the comfort of my 3DS (not to mention the convenience of the save point feature for all of the 'Digital Console' games for the 3DS and DSi). When  I revisited the game, I was astonished at the difficulty - and frustrated, actually, as I recalled loving this game. I think, however, the variable at hand is that throughout the many years I didn't continue playing action-arcade and platformers, at least not challenging ones. I opted for turn-based and strategic RPGs as I got older, and while I can still enjoy a game of Galaga, Mario, Metroid or Punch-Out (I can still reach Tyson... or Mr. Dream... I have both versions), Kid Icarus is just too hard for this old man. I gave the game more than a justified try, too - but after several hours and over 10 revisits and barely making it to level 2, I had to hang up the gloves, or, in this case wings, in favor of a different, romantic visit to nostalgic video game past by downloading something like the original Legend of Zelda or perhaps blowing the dust off of my NES and playing a round of Archon, as much as I wanted to relive the days when I could blast through the difficult levels in Kid Icarus.To be completely fair, though, even though my trip down memory lane left me a bit disillusioned and wishing for an 'easy' setting, this title was pretty fantastic. Perhaps a bit too challenging right off the bat, Kid Icarus was extremely creative. It offered both side-scrolling and vertical play, a touch of roleplaying elements with regards to character development and purchased upgrades, and a very vast playing environment - lots of levels, varied enemies and bosses. The graphics are decent for NES and if you have a 3DS, enjoy the added 3D effects (only a handful of the original NES games available from the eShop have been 'amped' up to 3D, and these are therefore only available on the 3DS. Other classics like SMB, Metroid, Mega Man, etc. are also available on the DSi).On a final note, if you enjoy challenging platformers/action games and aren't stuck on first-person, this classic should not only be in your collection but is just as worthy playing today - the only thing new platform based games have on such a well developed classic is graphics: which, if you're a well-rounded gamer, you can look past.
I am not a big fan of pit but this game is fun. The object is to mostley fly up and defeat enemies with ur bow and wings. It is sort of addicting after a while but then it gets very boring. It gets very hard after u get pretty far. The more hearts u collect the more health u get. Other than the extreme hardness and boringness it is a great game.
"Castlevania" is one of those major franchises still active today that began life in the NES era.  `Castlevania" shows Japanese developers offering their interpretation in glorious 8-Bit of the tropes of the horror genre, featuring such disconnected monsters as Mummies, Frankenstein and Igor, Medusa, the Grim Reaper, and Dracula himself.  The game is scary, brutally difficult, and just plain fun."Castlevania" is the first title in the series.  Like other NES games, there isn't much in the plot.  You, as Simon Belmont (aimed initially with a whip), must set out to slay Dracula by entering his castle, transvering six stages, and then showing the Count that the Belmonts mean business.The game is a typical platformer of the era and is on the short side, at only six stages.  However, the atmosphere and setting is truly what makes "Castlevana" special.  At the start of the game, Simon walks to the gates of the Count's Castle, enters the gate, and prepares for an epic showdone.  The eery setting is just fanstatic. You go through the delipated portions of the castle, underwater passages, outside sections, etc.  The enemies are spooky (knights, skeletons, mermen, skeleton snakes that breathe fire, demented monkeys, Medusa heads, you name it).  What's really awesome is, although the game is linear, once you beat the first stage, you get to see an overall map of the Castle and the path that Simon is trodding.  This touch is quite unique for a game of its age."Castlevania" features several special weapons. You can get a whip upgrade, a throwing star, an axe, and holy water (which Konami puts to infamous use in the vastly inferior sequel, "Castlevania II: Simon's Quest").  Unlike other games come to the era, "Castlevania" uses hearts as ammunition.  Each time you use a special weapon you spend one heart.  Roast Beef (or a pork chop) also gives you health.The game is famous for two things: its difficulty and its stiff controls.  Simon controls like a rock, and a heavy one at that.  There is no fluid, fast movements like Mario.  Simon moves slowly and is rather stiff to control.  The biggest challenge about the controls is when Simon gets hit by an enemy he jumps back several feet.  Often times, you will get hit and then Simon jumps backward, falling a bottomless pit.  This can get frustrating after a while.Some manuals don't give you much to go on as far as strategies or even information regarding the villains of the game.  Castlevania's manual only lists the points each boss is worth.  Here is the information.  "Grim Reaper: 7,000 points; The Count!: 50,000 points".  The manual also states Queen Medusa is worth 3,000 points and Frankenstein and Igor are worth 5,000.In addition to the settings control, we then have the enemies and bosses.  Although Simon has several health bars, a lot of the enemies will take four of his bars at a time, giving Simon only a few hits.  There are a lot of sections where the enemies are coming fast and furious, especially the corridor leading up to the fight with the Grim Reaper.Then we have the aforementioned bosses themselves.  The first boss is a Giant Bat.  Not too difficult, and a fairly simple battle.  Next up is Medusa's Head.  I remember seeing the Medusa head in an early issue back in the 1980s; when I played through "Castlevania" for the first time years and years later, it instantly brought back memories of Nintendo Power.  Anyway, that one's pretty easy too.  Third up is the Dual Mummies.  Slight increase in difficulty but still managable.  Be thankful.  That's the last time you'll get a fairly manageable boss.The next three bosses are nightmares.  Next up is Frankenstein and Igor.  This is where the difficulty really gets ratched up.  First, you have to go through a narrow corridor with these skeleton snakes that shoot fire and move and wind around, taking away precious life before the battle ahead.  Once you beat those and get to Frankenstein and Igor, you then must content with Igor's rapid speed.  Without Igor, Frankenstein isn't that difficult.  However, due to Igor's speed and how he jumps around here and there and everything, he can be difficult to dodge given how sluggish Simon moves.And then we have the Grim Reaper.  Blue Oyster Cult lied to you.  Be afraid of the Reaper.  Be VERY, VERY AFRAID.  Forget Dracula, this guy is an absolute nightmare.  For most players, this will be the final boss, because they won't get past him (if they even get this far).The NES is home to some of the most difficult boss battles of any game system . . . and this battle with the Grim Reaper is easily one of the most difficult boss battles on the NES.  It's utter horror.  What's worst, to get to the Grim Reaper, you most navigate a long cooridor filled with knights throwing flying axes and Medusa heads that weave in and out of Simon's path.  This cooridor is hell to navigate without getting hit, and believe me, you'll need all your health you can get to survive Death.  The Grim Reaper throws all these different scythes at you and disappears and reappears throughout the confined room, making him difficult to hit.  Your best bet?  As soon as he appears, start spamming him with holy water.  And if you don't have holy water?  Well, good luck, because in the words of Han Solo, you're going to need it.  Only skill will keep you alive.Then we have the Count.  The last stage has these spinning wheel platforms, with giant eagles (who are the bane of some many NES gamers, especially for those playing "Ninja Gaiden") throw these enemies at you.  Once you get past the final stage, you find yourself at the base of moss covered stairs.  Victory is within your grasp.  Perhaps.The time has come to face Dracula.  He has two forms: a human form, and then a giant demon form.  He will kill you in four hits.  With only four hits at your disposal, your timing must be impeccable.  He disappears and reappears, causes fire columns to rise from the flood, and shoots fire at you, all the while teleporting.  Once you beat the first form, then he turns into a giant bouncing demon who can be difficult to avoid.  Use all the Holy Water you can against the second form.And there you have it.  James Roolf, the Angry Video Game Nerd, said it took him twenty years to beat "Castlevania", and I believe it.  Just like life in the Middle Ages, this game is short, brutal, and monstrous.  But it's also a lot of fun if you can get use to the quirky sluggish controls and the (pardon the pun) monstrous difficulty.  However a lot of players may not put in the time required due to these issues.*The original "Castlevania" came out in 1987.  For those real masochists out there, there was an arcade version that doubled the damage you took by enemies, in order to eat as many the gamer's quarters as possible.  This arcade port was actually my first exposure to the original "Castlevania" back in the 1980s.**The game came out in 1986 on the Famicom Disk System.  A sequel called "Vampire Killer" was released in 1986 for the MSX console (home of the original and vastly different "Metal Gear" and "Metal Gear 1"), which is more RPG and exploration than a straight linear title, similar to "Castlevania II".  This game has NEVER been released outside of Japan. For shame, Konami!
Here's the 1987 debut of a now legendary series. Unfortunately, it was not without its flaws. Read on for pros and cons:PROS:-Excellent arcade style gameplay-Secondary weapons add to the experienceCONS:-Sometimes lacking variety-Midair jump control extremely sluggish-Some sections EXTREMELY difficult-NO PASSWORDS! Gotta start over in every sittingA decent game overall but not a great one. Only get it if you're a collector, or just desperate to try it. The game itself isn't great, but it's got high nostalgia value.
This is a classic old game with a decent story. The graphics are dated, but the game has held-up well...even by today's standards.  It runs fine on my Windows XP Home SP3 computer. The game crashed a few times for me, but as long as you save frequently, you'll be okay.POSITIVES* story* voice acting and dialogue* ability to use many objects in the game world* RPG style for some conversations* green/red target so you can tell who is a friend/enemy* realistic environment with cats, rats, birds, etc.* menu structure is well doneNEGATIVES* too much running around* the graphics are a bit stiff and square (but that was standard when this game was made)* too much lock picking, too many key codes* too many locked panels/keypads/vents/doors* enemies bounce around during fights* the screen bounces around when some enemies hit you* often, direct hits to the head won't kill an enemySome control panels, vents, and doors blend into walls; and this makes it hard to tell they exist.Sometimes during a mission, the game loads another section of the mission. The load is quick, but sometimes you can't tell what direction you're facing (i.e., forward, or backward toward the prior section).The environment of some missions look very similar (like inside the ship during the naval shipyard mission). This increases the likelihood that you'll get lost or run around in circles. There is some signage in the game, but it's also missing signs that would normally exist in real life (and that makes it difficult to know where to go next).The environment is fairly open, so you can roam around, go into many different rooms, etc. However, this means there are lots of pig trails. It can be difficult to tell where you need to go next to accomplish an objective. There is a compass in the game, but it only shows direction (not direction to the next primary objective).Sometimes characters get in front of you, and they won't move out of the way; in an open area, that's okay; but in close quarters, it becomes a problem (you have to backup until you get to an area that you can get around the character).OTHERIf you get stuck, then use a walkthrough. If you find parts of the game annoying, then use the cheats (especially for lock picking). Avoid the "killpawns" cheat, because it may remove a good guy (and if you need to talk to that person to complete an objective, then you will get stuck---can't advance to the next mission).There is a visual walkthrough by Mike Mangold; sometimes it was helpful, but I found that it takes you through a lot of pig trails; so if you're not interested in every nook and cranny in the game, and if you don't need to pick-up every object, then skip ahead in the walkthrough to the real mission objective.I observed that all scenes either take place at night or indoors. That probably made it easier for graphics (don't have to display too much detail, especially for the landscape).I enjoyed playing the game, but I did use cheats frequently.  Because of the negatives mentioned above, the game was tedious/annoying at times. I'm not sure if I will play this game again; if I do, then it will definitely be with cheats.Visit my Amazon Collections to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:http://www.amazon.com/gp/customers/A12LH2100CKQO/collections
Well, I finally got the third installment of the soap opera that is the Legacy of Kain. Here, Raziel continues his pursuit of the enigmatic Kain, but begins to doubt the true intentions of his benefactor, the Elder God. Finally, we are introduced to the great vampire, Janos Audron, referenced heavily in the original Blood Omen...However, Soul Reaver 2 seems more intent on displaying the voice talents of their (very impressive!) cast, and creating a cinematic work, rather than a gaming tour de force. Yes, the cut scenes are quite amazing, drawing the gamer more deeply into the story than ever before. However, I would have liked more puzzles, more dungeons, and most certainly a greater variety of enemies. Rather, I am treated to an ominously eerie Elder God making vague threats to his agent Raziel, or Kain feeling sorry for himself (again!), or Raziel treating us to his observations of the ever-changing world of Nosgoth around him. Yes, it is nice, and the voice actors do the characters a great justice, but I bought the game to PLAY, not to WATCH. So, fans of the action of Soul Reaver, beware...
Crystal Dynamics must have read their message boards a little too closely when designing Soul Reaver 2. All the hardcore fans were so (angry) about the story and ending of Soul Reaver, CD apparently over compensated and put nothing but plot in the sequel. Tons and tons of elegant cutscenes and story elements are brought out through amazing voice talent, and each one reveals something cool about the series history. Everything in between, however, just felt like filler made of essentially the same (bad) combat as the first game. I thought we weren't going to be able to just jump over bad guys anymore. Seemed to work 80 percent of the time for me... You've got no incentive to fight unless you're severely wounded and need to regain energy by feeding, so why bother? Instead, you will spend countless hour's just running from place to place trying to spot the one ledge or cavern that will allow you access to the next area. The only thing that will motivate you to send Raziel loping across Nosgoth is seeing this epic tale come to some kind of conclusion. The first game's tedious block puzzles have been mercifully replaced by more creative mind benders, which helps to offset the uninspired combat. The final battle is the only one that could even be consiedered a boss fight. Though, and Raziel is invincible throughout the whole thing, which would be cool if i was a dangerously uncoordinated 4 year old.
people say that this game is too short, whatever, the problem with this game is puzzles that are dumb and/or too hard to figure out on your own. Look around entire rooms for something, even the ceiling, than screw up and not be able to solve the puzzle because of a game glitch, that's always fun. Don't buy this game unless you're interested in completing the entire series (which I now don't see myself doing.)
I love the Blood Omen series.  This game plays almost EXACTly like the first Soul Reaver, so the controls should be really firmilar.  Everything looks great, and the sound and voice-over acting is top-notch.If there was a criticism to be placed anywhere, I thought the game was really on the shorter side.  I honestly think it took me less then a week to wrap it up.
This follow up of Soul Rever: Legacy of Kain that apearred on the playstation is without a dought a must own for action/adventure fans.The story goes:Raziel emerges from the Chronoplast time portal, and returns to different eras of Nosgoth's past in his relentless pursuit of Kain.Over the course of his journey, he unearths the mysteries of Nosgoth's ancient races, and exposes the secrets behind the corruption of the Pillars and the vampire genocide.Confronting the shadows of his unremembered past, he discovers a web of destiny stretching eons into Nosgoth's dim, unrecorded history.As his destiny comes full circle, Raziel finds his personal vendetta transformed into a hero's journey, with the fate of Nosgoth hanging in the balance.First let me point out the weak side of thing.  This game lacks any real boss fights, that made the 1st one so good and enjoyable.  There're bosses in this game, but few and far between and seem alot easier to kill, making them feel just like fillers to hold in the action fanitics.  Next is the games length.  The 1st one was around 18-20hrs, for part 2 its more around 10-12hrs, whitch is good or bad thing...just depends on how you look at it.  The last problem with this game is the end...we get another TBC ending...no conlusion whats so ever.With that out of the way, I must aprise the grapics desginer, sound, and gamplay that are all topnotch.  The argitcuter of the game is a sight to behold and the fluid controls make for a game anyone can pick up and play.  Last but not lest, the sound is the one of the best to come out of the games released so far.So if the pluses out weight the negitives give this game a try, you will be given a lot of anweners that came up with the 1st game, but when its over a lot more will have risen to be left unawensered.
I enjoyed this game more for it's graphics and dialog more than it's actual gameplay. And I must say it was far too short. Soul Reaver for PSX was longer and you were more involved in the story. There was excitement and antcipation for a sequel that just confuses me and seems very rushed. They should maybe redo this came and call it a second edition or something. As it stands it was a bit of a disappointment. Great voice acting though!
I got this game effectively for free when I traded in Lego Batman.  It was cheap and got good reviews.  It's a well put together product, but has some issues that hurt it.The biggest thing wrong with this game is the save points.  You cannot save anywhere you like, only at certain shrines.  Normally that's not a big deal, but in a couple sections of the game you'll literally go two to three hours without a save point.  It's less if you know what you're doing or use a guide, but if you've done it before there's no way to fast forward the cut scenes so you just get frustrated watching them again and if you use a guide you lose out on the major purpose of the game, puzzle solving.  If you have a job, a life, a kid, etc. then just stop reading and pass on this game.  There's not much sadder than getting almost to a save point and having to stop because it's time to walk the dogs or change the baby.  I ended up having to finish it up over a three day weekend because I could never get time to play in one stretch during the week.Cut scenes are both a plus and a minus.  They tell a very compelling, if confusing, story and make you want to move forward so you can trigger the next one.  They also sometimes give you hints your going the right way or how to solve a puzzle.  Where they fall flat is that they're all in game and none of them can be skipped.  If you have to quit before you reach a save point, you will be sitting through the same dialog and clues.  It gets very old very fast.You covering the same ground repeatedly.  This may or may not be a concern of yours.  If you've playedMetroid Primeand didn't mind the backtracking you're probably OK.  The only catch here is there's generally just one way to get from point A to point B.  Mostly this is a good thing, because those weak hints could have you wondering around forever.  It also helps you figure out when you've left an area you should be in.  However, at times it makes the world seem really small.It seems like you lose health constantly, though at a slow rate.  If you die though you go to the spectral plane and can recover health.  There are usually different enemies there so you can still die and have to go back to a check point, but generally they're easy and you recover health there.  A few enemies can also travel there to chase you, so that's your real risk of dying for real.Combat is OK, but mostly just pressing weak or strong attack buttons.  You can mix it up with weapons, which you're really better off doing than hand to hand.  You also have the Soul Reaver which you can call at will and attack enemies.  It's extremely powerful, but more than a little use and you start to lose health.  Also, kills made with the Reaver won't allow you to eat the enemy's soul to recover health.  As you progress and solve forge puzzles you gain elemental powers that say with you until you go into the spectral plane or find another fount of energy.The spectral plane is also used to solve some puzzles.  You can push against most gates to pass through them when you're a spirit.  Also, you cannot climb, water has no effect on you so no swimming, and sometimes the landscape changes.  The puzzles range from pretty cool to annoying.  There are some where you're just forced to run back and change Reaver powers or go collect items and cover the same ground over and over.  Mostly though, they're fun and satisfying to actually figure them out.  Sometimes they're tricky because the game's training helpful hints are very much hit or miss to show you how you should approach a puzzle.  I'd suggest having a guide available just in case.  Especially if you can't save, it will help a lot in the frustration department.Overall, the game is really solid and fun.  I'd easily give it at least four stars if it wasn't for the lack of saving.  It just ruined the game for me, because I don't have that much time to devote to a game in one sitting.  Oh well, still had some fun with it.
This was the first PS2 game I ever played and I was impressed with the graphics and sound.. at first.  This isn't a game to buy, unless you can get it cheap.  There are only so many things you can do in this game.  Basically, you are a cab driver and you have a limited amount of time to drive people to their destinations.  That's the game.  As I said, it's fun for a limited time.
Crazy Taxi is a good game.  It really is.  But just after 30 minutes, it kind of starts to get boring and you just wish there was something else to do.  The original game came out several years ago, before the Dreamcast came out.  It is fun to play....if you play it once and awhile, than it seems pretty new everytime.  This is not a game you play for hours and everyday.  At least, not all the time.  The graphics are just pretty much like the Dreamcasts'.  There is no real improvment, which is disapointing since the PS2 has much better hardware and could have pulled off some pretty neat things.  They could have at least added a new city or something.  What is also lagging is a multiplayer.  Then the game would get interesting.  It's not really fun watching SOMEONE ELSE play.  The sound is great but for some reason, the people you pick up have more of a vocabulary than the drivers, which kind of ... since your driver can' defend himself when the people verbally attack him/her when they say &quot;YOU...&quot; or something like that.  The control is a little slugish and you'll be slamming into walls and buildings at first. But I have to admit, this game is addicting, just not that addicting. It's a good game to get, better than most for the PS2 right now.  NOTE: I've read that a lot of people got faulty disks and everything dissapers and freezes.  I was one of those people. The problem is fixed now, it's just that the first shipment was probebly rushed.  But everything is fine now.  Remember, the same thing happened to the PS2 and now look, everyone is happy.
This game is o.k.  I would suggest you go with Crazy Taxi 3 (XBox) though.  I don't know if Crazy Taxi 2 is on PS2 but if it is get it instead of this one.  You will not regret that.This game is a pretty good game though.  But still go with 2 and 3.
This was a arcade game and when i played it i bought it and thought it would be great. It was not. The graphics r good but that is the only good thing about it. There is only three people to choose from and only a couple of towns to go to. The controls r hard to use so i changed them and there is only like fifteen different people to pick up but so many places to go to. They get mad if u crash or drive slow so it gets annoying. After awile one customer has u go somewhere that is impossible to get to so u lose. The faster u get to the drop off location and the closer u drive next to vechiles the more money the people give u. There is arcade mode or regular mode that lets u choose from the original mode or the other lets u choose from five, ten, fifteen, ETC miniutes. There is also a crazy box that has missions for u to do and unlock things. It is a fun game but it gets old fast.
I tired of this game after only a few times playing it. It's a great game for rental but I wouldn't buy it if I were you. The game gets very repetitive after only a few times playing it.
I can still remember playing Super Mario Bros 2 for the first time. It was a huge change in gameplay from the first game, where you collected coins, jumped on Goombas and Koopas, went down pipes, and took out Bowser at the end of each castle level. Instead of doing any of that, you now defeated enemies by picking them up and throwing them at each other, or by throwing vegetables or bombs at them. There weren't any pipes to go down, but now there were odd vases that had treasures in them, but didn't take you to a later part in the level. Bowser and the Koopas were replaced with little masked enemies, snakes and egg-spitting monsters. And rather than being stuck with Mario or Luigi, you could also play as Toad and Princess Toadstool. Yep, it sure didn't feel like a Mario game (that's because it really wasn't) but man did people love this one back in the day. I loved the game both on the NES and SNES where it was a part of the Super Mario All-Stars collection. Now that my daughter's gotten into gaming big time, we played through the game on the Mario All-Stars collection for the Wii, but I got her the GBA version too so she could play it on the go. I'd missed out on this version when the GBA first came out over 10 years ago, and as soon as I started the first level, I couldn't figure out what they were thinking when they made this port.Gameplay remains the same more or less, and I talked a little bit about it above. The game's still a platformer at heart, and there are 3 levels in each world (though the final world just has 2) to go through. Most of the worlds are either grasslands or desert, but there's also an ice world and one in the clouds. You run through the stage, taking out any enemies in your way, or avoiding them almost entirely. You can even roam through most of the levels in their entirety at your own leisure- there's no time limit, and the game lets you go back to the beginning as long as you have a way of getting there. In every level you'll see little bits of red grass swaying in the wind. These can be picked up with the B button, and will usually be a vegetable to throw at your enemies. Sometimes you'll get a bomb, turtle shell or 1-Up mushroom, and sometimes you'll get a magical red potion. When you throw this, it creates a door that, when opened, leads you to Sub-Space where the red grass creates coins when you pull it up, and giant mushrooms can be found that add one heart to your health. It all depends on where you throw these to get the health mushroom, and it's best to throw these in areas with lots of red grass, so you can get lots of coins, which are used in a slot machine mini-game when you clear each stage, and is a way to get extra lives. But the Sub-Space can also lead to a warp zone in certain areas, letting you travel to later worlds.Then there's the whole character selection part, which was really cool when the game first came out. You had Mario, who was the all-around average guy, with a good running speed, jumping height, and strength for pulling up vegetables at a fast pace. Luigi wasn't as strong as Mario, or fast, but has the highest jump of anyone. Princess Toadstool was the slowest, weakest and had a fairly average jump, but her main skill was that she could float around in the air for a few seconds before falling, as long as you held the A button. Toad seemed like the worst character, but when you figured out that there were differences in the strengths and speeds of the characters, and not just the jumps, he tended to be a favorite. He had has the lowest jump...but is the fastest and strongest. What's the point in having a lot of strength for picking up the vegetables? Well, when you go into a Sub-Space area with lots of coins that need to be pulled up, Toad is going to be cleaning house, and there's a great chance that you can get 9 or more coins in one go. On top of all of this, there's also a super jump ability where if you hold down on the d-pad for a few seconds, your character will glow, and they can jump much higher than they normally can. This is only really used in a few situations, but still fun to do every now and then.So if it's a fun game, with running around throwing veggies at the bad guys, what's with the 3 star rating? This GBA version has so many things added to it that it feels like they made it for people who've never played a game before. Before, if you lost a heart, you'd have to defeat a few enemies to make a little heart icon show up, then you'd have to chase after it and nab it in order to get your health back. Here, hearts are so common that you'd think they're going out of style. You get hearts from defeating two enemies or more in the same throw, can pull them up from the ground, and sometimes they're just sitting there in the stage, waiting for you to get them. It's hard to NOT die in this game. What's weird is they seemed to try and add a tiny bit of challenge by starting you out with two hearts, but one of them empty (as opposed to two full hearts in the original), but with it being so easy to get the second heart full, what's the point? There are also giant versions of some of the enemies and vegetables, making it even easier to take out big groups. I get the novelty of this, and it -is- cool to see Luigi pull up a massive turnip at first, but the game was just fine the way it was before. And guess what- the red coins that they seemingly crowbar into every other Mario game since Mario 64 are here too. They also included a point system, and a score is displayed at the top of the screen, to make it more Mario-ish I guess. But the icing on the cake for horrible things is that the characters talk. And it's not just a little bit either, no. They say something every single time you pick up and throw an item. With how often you're plucking vegetables and coins, this gets old VERY fast, to the point where I turned the volume down all the way after the first stage. The changes I do like include a new robot boss and certain revisions to levels, though there are very few of these. And as usual for the Mario Advance games, the original Mario Bros. arcade game is here to play.If you have the option to play Super Mario All-Stars on your Wii or SNES still, I recommend sticking with those and ignoring this version. A lot of the challenge is gone, and those voices are so grating that it makes you wonder why they were put in. I hate to sound like one of those old darshes that go on and on about how 'the original was better' or seems like they hate new takes on old things, but man do I not care for this game. Even if you can't get All-Stars, but have a Wii, you can get the original NES game on the Virtual Console for a very low price. Give it a go. The only difference between that and the SNES/Wii versions is the visuals and audio. It's still fun and very playable.
Super Mario 2 is the Stupid Mario Game but it does bring back alot of memorys. It is neat that games that I grew up with are now coming out on the GBA.
I really was not able to enjoy this title as much as I thought. Bosses are hard, the whole game looks cartoony, and it was not able to hold my interest for very long. Definetely a weak title.
Nintendo is taking all their Mario games from the Nintendo, tweaking them ever so little, and then re-packaging them as new, original games. I loved the Mario games when I was a kid (still do!), but all these games are much more difficult on the GBA then the Nintendo. I've beat all the original Mario games, but it was difficult for me to do with the GBA. I wouldn't recommend this game for children, as they may find it too difficult to control.
but spend the extra money and pick up an SP! The GBA SP puts the GBA to shame. For the extra 30 dollars, you get a lighted screen, which helps tremendously. The rechargeable battery saves probably about that 30 dollars in a year just in battery costs! If you must buy this GBA, I recommend you pick up a light and magnifier combo. When I was a child I had the original GameBoy, and had no light or magnifier. I had 20/20 vision to that point, and the next year after owning the Game Boy for a year, I needed glasses. The light you need to get for this GBA should be a light on the side with a magnifier. If you buy a worm light or the like, it just reflects off the screen.
Well, my sister bought herself a Game Boy Advance back in May.  I, at the time, was also quite exited, as I had been wanting a GBA for over a year.  Well, when she bought the system (I myself bought an XBOX instead), and played it for a few hours, she loved it.  I, persounally, was easily bored.  "Why?"1) Games: Not too good.  I've played dozens, and I haven't really found one that I enjoyed.  For example, Mario Kart Advance for the GBA.  You can race as 8 characters in dozens of arenas.  You try to get 1st place in any arena.  Sure, this is fun, but after a few hours, it gets pretty dull.  The screen is small and sitting there looking straight down at it hurts your neck, the controls are limited with just four buttons.  And the truth is, 90% percent of the games are aimed at kids.  Your not going to find a really deep RPG, or an awsome fighter, or even a decent shooter.  The graphics here are still handheld, and the most this system can support is Mario.The games are usually quick, easy to beat, and lose interest after a few hours of gameplay.  I was not impressed by the games that I played, the controls, and the graphics.  It it pretty fun on a road trip, but around home, it gets BORING.As for the few good games you do find, they are quite fun.  But is it something you're going to be playing for 20-30, even 40 hours?  Ask yourself before u make this investment, as most of the games itself cost 20,30, even ...bucks each.  Are these games right for u?2) The system itself: Very good system actually.  It can play all current and past Game Boy games (Game Boy, Game Boy Pocket, Game Boy Color, etc...).  Meaning u can probably find a few ... Game Boy Color games that will keep you entertained for hours.  But u know, your old Game Boy Color can do that too!The Game Boy Advance is very small, and can easily be brought along on a road trip, in a purse or back pack, or even some big pockets.  And for how small it is, it can do a lot.  You can connect up to 4 Game Boy Advance's together and race each other in Mario Kart, or battle in a game of Sonic.  It can hook up to a TV, or even link to a local GameCube, and be used as an additional controller, be used to visit special levels in games on via GC and GBA (Animal Crossing comes to mind), and it even has headphones, so u can enjoy your favorite Mario game during a long bus ride or use them to not disturb others on a roadtrip.  It can do a lot of things, and is probably the greatest handheld ever made.  That's why it's sold millions, that's why I enjoy playing it.On the down-side, it can't support graphics like major consoles can (for example: Madden, Tony Hawk, etc...both looked TERRIBLE) as most of those games look decent at best and are in 2D.  It only has 4 buttons, so its hard to enjoy any games that require a lot of options (sports games, fighting games, games that require tricks, etc...).  And by far the system's WORST problem:THE LIGHTING!: You can never see the screen.  You have to turn a lamp on (sitting next to your couch) or carlight to play it...in broad daylight.  In roadtrips, you'll always find yourself aiming the screen right at the window for light, and even then u can't read text or see much detail in color!  The Game Boy Advance can't be played half the time because in many places, u JUST CAN'T SEE!  And even with those handy snake lights, they take up 2 or 3 batteries every few hours, and cause glares...even more seeing problems!  This took a large part of MY enjoyment, and brought my rating of the GBA down from a 4 out of five stars to 3.3) Overall- The GBA is a very advanced system.  It has a HUGE lineup of games, not just for the GBA, but all of the old Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Game Boy pocket, etc...It has a ton of features, and while it can't support Super Mario Sunshine, it's graphics look awsome in games like Super Mario Advance 2.  It's small, easy to use, and very reliable.  My sister treats her's like dirt, but it's still working like it's brand new.I'd reccomend the Game Boy Advance for kids 10 and younger, or older gamers who can afford it and not have to sacrifice getting an XBOX, GameCube, or PS2.  It's a great, sturdy, reliable, and fun system, and it's always something to grab when you've got a long trip ahead of u.  It kills the time tremendously, trust me (especially when playing through a great game like Metroid Fusion)!Just make sure u bring a light...and a few extra batteries.Thx!
I wasn't a big fan of the Game Boy Advance, though it might be partly because I'm not a big handheld fan, so I won't be too harsh.  The graphics are better than the Game Boy Color, but they're not great.  There are more buttons than the GBC, and the screen is bigger, which is nice.  You can also play GBC games on it (and I think the original Game Boy games, too), and when playing the older games, you can either have the screen the original size, or you can press a button to make it fill the screen, but this will stretch the images.  There is a good variety of games, like Zelda, Mario, Kingdom Hearts, etc.So overall, the GBA isn't a super exciting handheld, but if you like handhelds, it's perfectly fine.
The graphics for the Game Boy Advance are outstanding, and there are a lot of really good games for it too, but I do have a few problems with it.The major thing that really annoys me is the lack of backlighting.  Why haven't the people at Nintendo figured that one out yet?  I know it would probably add about 50 to 100% to the price, but the system is cheap right now, and I would be more than happy to pay the extra money to be able to see what I am doing.  And don't tell me to buy a Worm Light, they aren't the solution.My Second complaint is the configuration.  I know The GBA was designed with child sized hands in mind, and not for me, but that still doesn't exuse the fact that it is somewhat uncomfortable to try and play a game for any period of time (especially when you have to hole it at a certain angle to be able to see anything).The Third and final complaint is that there are not enough buttons.  A lot of the games for GBA are adapted versions of old Super Nintendo games, but that is just it, they have to be adapted because there are not enough buttons on the GBA.  There is plenty of empty space to fit at least 2 more buttons, but for some reason they are just not there.All in all, GBA is a great system, with amazing games and graphics.  So until Sony comes out with their own handheld (yeah right) with Final Fantasy X on it (in your dreams), I guess we'll just have to settle for GBA.  Maybe that's what they need is a little competition, they haven't had any since Sega's virtual flop that didn't last more than a year, and is impossible to find anymore.
I'm just so disappointed in this game.  I had such high hopes in the beginning.  It was as good as all the reviews said, reasonable graphics, good controls, fun weapons, OK story, and even though the terrain damage is only a gimmick (and one quickly forgotten) it was nice to see from time to time.  A fun game.  It also has great configuration options, letting you remap buttons and play with either normal or inverted y-axis; this is a deal breaker in a game as far as I'm concerned.  I cannot play a game where up moves you down and down moves you up.And then, the mercenaries come and the rail gun manages to nearly ruin the game.  Whoever decided to add it is almost wholly responsible for turning the last half of the game into nothing more than a frustrating series of saves and loads.Allow me to explain.  See the rail gun sounds like a great idea.  It can kill in one shot and it has an infrared scope that allows you to see enemies through doors, thin walls, etc.  Seems like a great cheap weapon to give people so if the game gets too tough they can rely on that crutch.  However, the problem is that the mercenaries can use them too.  They will wait behind things and blast you because you have to move forward.  More than one of them will sometimes have this gun at the same time.  They will sit there and kill you instantly, forcing you to reload just to get a crack at them again.  The *only* way to get past some of these scenarios is *if* the mercenary misses!  Because of where I saved, I had to play one segment ten times and 8 of those were due to impossible to avoid rail gun hits.  That's just unacceptable; I hate cheap deaths.While the first part of the game is truly great, the second half of this game has you spending 30 seconds saving your game after every minor battle and then watching the reload screen for 30 seconds after you periodically die an unavoidable death.  If you can't put up with this scenario, avoid this game.  Otherwise, it really is a decent title.  Without the rail gun, the game is easily a 4 or maybe 5 star.
I played this a couple days ago at a friend's house. It's the only Half-Life I don't own, so I wanted to see what it was like.Blue Shift is a good enough game, as are all the HL's, but I did have a few problems with it:1) No new weapons?2) Kinda Short3) The price- thirty bucks is pretty steep for such a short expansion. I would like to buy a copy of this, but I'll wait for the cost to come down, or pick it up used somewhere.If this game were ten or fifteen dollars cheaper, I would have given in 5 stars.
When a game sells 2.5 million copies and is still going strong nearly three years after its initial release, one would think that a sequel would have already found its way to the shelves.  However, when the game in question is Half Life, arguably the best selling and best reviewed game in modern computer history, the rules that apply to other titles simply do not apply here.  With a endless supply of fan made levels, modifications, dominating hard the world over, and with a mod, Counter Strike, being the most popular online game, one would wonder if Valve is in no rush to release a follow up to the game. The Highly anticipated Team Fortress 2 is over a year and a half past its anticipated release, and has yet to make it onto the release radar for the near future. Half Life 2 is a top secret project that has a tighter lid of security around it than the next Star Wars film and the Colonels secret recipe.  So what is a Half Life fan to do with nothing on the horizon save for a few fan mods? Well, the folks at Gearbox have created a follow up to their smash success Half Life Opposing Force and retuned to the Black Mesa Facility with  Half Life Blue Shift.  The original Half Life cats players in the role of scientist Gordon Freeman as he attempted to escape from the Black Mesa facility following a accident that saw the facility flooded with all manner of deadly creatures, as well as ruthless government troops sent to silence anyone who saw to much.  Opposing Force expanded the role by casting players as CPl Sheppard, and Special Forces soldier dispatched to Black Mesa to restore order.  In Blue Shift, players get to take on the role of security guard Barney Calhoun. The events in the game take place at the same time as the other two games, as Barney attempts to get out of the Black Mesa facility. Along the way, players will battle monsters, soldiers, solve puzzles, and help stranded scientists along the way.  While the game was fun, it was far to short. I was able to complete the entire game in under five hours, and found myself wanting more after I was done. The game does not offer any new weapons and while the graphics engine is updated, and updates the graphics on Half Life and Opposing Force, there really is little here to make it stand out from a fan made mod.  There are no new weapons, monsters, or settings in the game, and I was surprised to discover that the game did not feature a boss monster anywhere along the way as the previous games in the series did.  A further piece of concern, and yes it is nitpicking, is that the character you play in Blue Shift often interacted with Freeman and Sheppard in the previous games, but Freeman is seen only briefly, and has no real impact on the game.  That being said, it is important to know that Blue Shift was originally designed to be a console only game, and it was decided to offer the game for PC users as a bridge to the upcoming Half Life 2.  Blue Shift also comes with the full version of Opposing Force, a utility to update the graphic resolution of Half Life and Opposing Force, as well as a rebate for those players who have previously purchased Opposing Forces. The game also does not require any previous version of Half Life to play, though understanding the Half Life Story will greatly fill in the games storyline.  In summary, Blue Shift is a nice return to a classic game scenario but is far to short and fails when compared to the previous titles in the series.  7 out of 10 SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS P233, 32Mb RAM 300Mb HDD RECOMMENDED SYSTEM PII-300, 64Mb RAM 3D accelerator
When I was looking at the reviews on this page I thought to myself, &quot;Oh come on they can't be all that bad&quot;.  Curious I bought it off the bargin rack and then the adventure began.  Unfortunatly this adventure is probably the lamest in the Half-Life universe.  Its not that the game is all that made its just that there areA.  No new weaponsB.  No new bossesBut then agian maybe I was just expecting too much when I bought this game.  Trust me this game is bad enough don't waste your time.
Half Life 1 was a fantastic first person shooting game released somewhere around 1999. This Blue Shift is the second rather dull expansion pack for Half Life 1. To be blunt, the first expansion Opposing Force is better, because it offers more guns, new gameplay mechanics and a lot of new monsters. Blue Shift however offers nothing new except new levels that will take you under 4 hours to complete the first time around. Thankfully Blue Shift comes with the previous expansion Opposing Force.Blue Shift takes you through Black Mesa and Xen once again when everything goes wrong and aliens invade. You start the expansion riding the tram to work (just like Half Life 1) after taking an optional training course that is literally the same training course from Half Life 1.The gameplay is more challenging than the original game in both good and bad ways. The good way is the game shows off its artificial intelligence by pitting you... Barney Calhoun, a blue shift security guard at Black Mesa, against hundreds of marines sent into the Black Mesa facility. Usually you fight 10 marines at a time in wide open areas. The enemies will scatter when you throw grenades, run away from you, try to flank you and fan out so you're not shooting enemies like dominos.The negative ways that the expansion is challenging comes from several dark areas with dozens of head crabs jumping at you around every turn. It feels cheap compared to Half Life 1 and Opposing Force.There are a few shining lights for this expansion and that is rescuing scientists, although it's not much of a rescue, because any of them can die and it doesn't matter. The expansion also dabbles in having an important character Dr. Rosenburg that you will rescue and he will guide you to the end of the expansion. Guide you as in briefly tell you what to do through believable voice acting.In all this is a lackluster expansion compared to the previous one and feels more like a level pack... without levels, just one continuous game. Chances are you can get this expansion with one of the deluxe Half Life 1 games, so save some money and get Blue Shift there instead.
Half Life : Blue Shift is a first person shooter, It is the second expansion pack to half life, created by gearbox the same company that did opposing force, Built on the quake2 half life engine. BS supports three video modes Software Rendering, Direct 3D, Open GL (Default and 3dFx mini). BS is a stand alone game meaning that you dont need the orginal half life for installation, Play half life before you play this game or else you would not understand the story and it might spoil you half life gameplay when you play later. Here you play a security gaurd Barney Calhon in the black mesa research center, When you are taking the tram ride to work in the first level of the orginal game half life you could see a security gaurd pounding on the door, That is the charecter you play here. The graphics, sound and charecter details are much better here, There are even reflective surfaces, You could see one when you are in the tram ride, But still the graphics are nowhere by today's standard's. Blue Shift has the same weapons from the orginal game, No really orginal weapons and not all half life weapons either. The Crowbar is here, That's good, It is the best weapon that needs no ammo, But the crossbow is not available, You could get all HL weapons only if you cheat. BLue shift does not have many monstors, No new monstors or tough ones. Another surprise is that BS does not have the big boss climax either, Though it has a good ending, I liked the half life ending, But not many gamers did, All gamers would love the BS ending if only it did not come very soon. Though blue shift is very short with very few weapons, Few monstors and dated graphics, It is a must if you are a Half Life fan.
This is the only game where the lack of a backlit screen on the GBA causes serious problems. Since Castlevania games are gothic horror, much of the action occurs at night. Without a steady light source, you are not likely to make it far. I seriously recommend this game only for people who have an attachable light. Otherwise, the game is frustrating because it is too dark.But if you get the light problem solved, this is as solid as any other Castlevania entry. It contains some of the magic and RPG elements of Symphony of the Night, and is a treat for any long-time fan of the series. The control is easy to manage, and the enemies are diverse. The same weapons, attributes, and items are available, and the gameplay is classic Castlevania. The backgrounds are nicely detailed, and despite the fact that the animation is choppy at best, the graphics stand out. This is Gameboy, let's not forget.If you can get past the obvious light problem, this is an enjoyable game that will satisfy on every levil. But please, to avoid disappointment, get the light.
Castlevania: Circle of the Moon is a game with which I have a checkered history. The first time I played Circle of the Moon the experience was not positive as I got to an antagonizing boss fight (which is the "polite" way of putting it) at the halfway point, quit and sold off my cart. However, since that point I've been making it a point to get all the Castlevania releases (don't ask me about putting down the massive amount of money Dracula X costs) and well, I figured this was just one bridge that had to be crossed... even if I had to use the cheapest tricks in the book to cross it. Needless to say there were certain parts I still felt were incessantly cheap when I replayed it - and I replied in kind - but I did manage to finish it. However, I can say right now it's a game I will not be revisiting much.But why? At first I couldn't really but my finger on why Circle of the Moon is such a chore but the closer I got to the end of the game the clearer it became. Unlike Symphony of the Night (which is good but is psychotically overrated by the series fandom) Circle of the Moon wants to be more reminiscent of the pre-Symphony titles (mostly in the difficulty department) while making use of Symphony's gameplay. This odd concoction of old and new is simply bizarre and is reflected in nearly every aspect of the game from its somewhat depressing color palette to the fact that the story is barely existent/important. Additionally, as trite as it may seem for an action game of this variety, I think I might have cared more about the game if I actually cared about the game's protagonist. I can't really point the finger square at Nathan being a bad character due to lack of development as this is fairly commonplace in Castlevania games - here's a castle, go kill Dracula - but the fact that Nathan isn't a Belmont is a pretty big blow to the setup.There are few other irritations to be encountered as well. Personally I found the copy-and-paste-from-previous-games soundtrack to be very disappointing as half the fun of Metroidvania games is hearing the new tunes. Then there's the fact that half the time I spent playing the game was dedicated to grinding for DDS cards which just brings the game to a halt (which the Underground Waterway does a good job of as well) and the last two boss fights couldn't possibly be more night and day from one another - e.g. you better be good at dodging Dracula's ultra damaging dash attack or you will never beat the game.In the end Circle of the Moon isn't a bad game, but to me it just does all sorts of little, irritating things (there are unfortunately many more I didn't mention) that add up to a massive migraine. Personally the game's only saving grace is the fact that it is inexpensive and easy to procure but if I was going to play Castlevania on the GameBoy Advance I'd rather play Aria of Sorrow any day of the week. I can't hate on Circle of the Moon that much, or suggest that people avoid it, but the truth is Konami has done much better than this - even if you exclude Symphony of the Night.
Nintendo really has put so much in the works with the triumph of their Gamecube video game system. Yet, they definitely brought so many wonderful kinds of add-ons to this great system. Unfortunately, when I heard so much hype about their wireless controller, I felt a little bit stoned. The Wavebird controller for the Nintendo Gamecube fairs as a very accurate controller through many different channels. However, there are a couple of downsides to owning a wavebird. One of them is that you lose the vibration feel that the corded version has in itself by Nintendo. That remains unfortunate. Another downside is that sometimes, your controller doesn't work very well, when you have another remote beam in the middle of the way from a different device like the VCR, or television. All in all, I honestly suggest you buy the Wired version of the Gamecube controller, if you want a better time with the games you play.
This was a good game but i gotten board of it quickly but this was good. I don't care if the graphic was 3d it was still good.
I'm a HUGE freakin' fan of Dragonball Z... and I do mean a HUGE FAN! And when I got the first 3 games: "Dragonball GT: Final Bout", "Dragonball Z: Legends", and "Dragonball Z: Ultimate Battle 22", I was overjoyed. "Ultimate Battle 22" was pretty good (even though there was no story) with good graphics and pretty cool moves. "Legends" was awesome... the graphics and the fighting style used in this game were very unique and made each fight exciting, just like the ones in the show. "Final Bout" was pretty awful, despite the fact that it was the first game in 3D. But "Budokai" has proven to be the best so far. The story mode is awesome: this is the first fighting game I've seen that actually has a story built into it and it's almost completely accurate to the show.The graphics are great and the fighting style... well, it's not wonderful, but it's alright. I'd say it was like a mix between "Dragonball Z: Legends" and "Dead or Alive". There's also a tournament mode (you take part in the World Martial Arts Tournament), practice mode, duel mode(v.s. mode), and edit skills, where you customize the fighters with fighting moves and attacks by using the capsules you acquire in story mode.This game goes from the Saiyan Saga to the Cell Games Saga (although it completely skips the Garlic Jr. Saga); I'll explain how the story mode goes:When you first play the game you're Goku and you fight Raditz, Nappa, Vegeta, Fake Vegeta(while training in the Capsule Corp. spaceship) Recoome, Captain Ginyu (you even fight Ginyu in his own body while Ginyu is in Goku's body), Frieza, and Android 19. Then for a little while you're Piccolo and you fight Cell and Android 17. After that you're Goku again and you fight Cell; finally you fight the Cell Jrs. and Cell as Gohan.The second time you play the game you're Piccolo and you fight Raditz, the Saibamen, and Nappa. Then you're Vegeta and you fight Zarbon, Frieza, Android 19, Android 18, and Cell.Along the way, you also do some special bad guy role playing levels. First you're Vegeta and after you defeat Goku, Krillin, and Gohan, Vegeta becomes a Super Saiyan in front of Yajirobe. Then you're Frieza and after you defeat Gohan, Piccolo, Vegeta, and Goku, Frieza wishes for immortality from Porunga, blows up Namek, and heads for Earth on his spaceship. Finally, you're Cell and after you defeat Android 16 and Android 17, Cell absorbs Android 17 and when trying to absorb Android 18 he accidentally absorbs Krillin! Yeah, he then becomes weaker, short, and orange. Then after you defeat Yamcha, Cell gets incinerated by Tien's Tri-beam; suddenly, you see Cell in his Perfect Form waking up from a nightmare in the middle of the Cell Games Ring. It turns out it was all a dream. That was awesome. Oh boy, I typed too much. Get this game... bye.
I am a fan of DBZ, and I like this game, but oh so much could have been improved and added as well.Pros:Has 5 fighting modesNice voice actingI love big moves like the spirit bombStory mode is nice in many waysHyper-fast battlesTournament battles are greatIf u r a DBZ fan like me, then this game is libal 2 have great gameplayGet all 7 dragonballs and u can unlock all of someones skillsThe Best DBZ 2 dateCons:Can't choose capsulesGraphics r so sonot so good musicshould be able to disable ring out on the tournament, cuz I hate losing like datWish it had the Boo saga as well, The game would have been much betterTrying 2 git capsoles that u want are very frustrating as wellAnd so are dragonballsSome moves are the same thing just a diffrent nameComputers are very repetitiveWell, this is the DBZ thus far, if they make another BDZ in the future, I hope it will have the whole saga(which it propably will) a whole lot of extras, and U can chose capsoles except theyre at a high price to make the game more enjoyable, then just byin usless skills, just 2 git to the big ones. If you're not a fan of DBZ nor fighting games, then I know ur not gonna like dis game; if u are a fan of fightin and not DBZ, this might be worth a rent, or a borrow; but if u r a fan of DBZ, u should have this game by now.
Dragonball Z Budokai succeeds in capturing the likeness and personality of each character from the animated series perfectly. There are 23 characters to play as in all...spanning from the beginning of DBZ to the end of the Cell series (unfortunately, that means no characters from the Buu series). The button layout is simple but effective (punch, kick, guard, and energy), and the action of the in-game fights match the frantic pace one would expect from DBZ. The problem lies within that each of the character's moves vary little from each other. In other words, each character's moves are almost identical with the exception of a few special techniques tagged onto the end of the combos. Another bothersome feature is that you can't perform the large energy beam attacks outside of a combo. On the positive side however, there are several different game modes to help add variety. While the average player can plow through the entire story mode within 2-3 hours, there is still the World Tournament and The Legend Of Hercule modes to clear. The skill editing feature is really just a gimmick, but is a welcome addition nonetheless. So if you are a Dragonball fan that's looking for another way to enjoy the series, Budokai is definitely worth a look. Those simply looking for a great fighter with lots of depth can afford to pass this one up.
First off, this game has the MOST cut scenes I have ever seen in one game.  The good news is, you can skip them if you like.  Other than the extremly long cutscenes, the game is great.This game is you basic turn based rpg which I rather enjoy.  Gives me time to figure out what my next move will be. The enemies appear on your map so you always know if you're going to run into one.  The enemies don't just pop up when you're walking around.  I like that. Anyway, the characters are wonderful along with the graphics.  Voice work couldn't have been better.You learn cool techniques that you can even have your other team members learn.  You can also transform into the really big machines(been a while since I've played it, I don't remember what they are called) but it's awesome.The side quests in the game are really fun also.This games is really a must for any RPG lover.  IF you can sit throught all the cutscenes and not get discouraged, this game is really great.
first of all i like cutscenes...i even like long cutscenes...i like storys and movies so i like cutscenes...and i liked the cutscenes in this game but the thing that annoyed the hell outta me was the characters and design....Chaos: the skinniest anerexic looking boy ud ever seen..and he looks like a chick...AND HIS NAMES CHAOS...momo:a little robot girl that sometimes makes me wonder if she has the brain of an adult and wants to screw ziggy....and all the other characters have their little annoyances and none of them would really match being lead character...the only good characters were the ones on ur ship...the captain, the geek, and the one who hits on people...they were cool but if forgot their names..rpgs are all about story, dialog and characters...dialog is...idont remember the dialong(its been awhile)...story was  "wat the hell is going on? why the hell am i doing this? why the hell is a scientist wearing a tight mini skirt"...characters was "damn thats a mini mini skirt...maybe if i duck my head under i can see her panties...even though shes not hot because i dont find women with eyes bigger than their head sexy, but im just perverted"forgettable...oh and gameplay sucked..i hated the battles...the thing that kept me intrested was the enviroment..but now star oceans out..so screw this gameoh and did i mention the character jr?...hes a little boy with a cult following of women that call him little master..GAHHH, i hated this character most of all...EVER WANT TO GOUGE OUT A NON-EXISTANT PERSONS BIG EYES OUT???
This game has all the elements  that a rpg/mecha/ anime lover would want but for some reason I just could not get in to it. I bought 1&2 but  while the cut scenes were pretty , the mecha battling cool I found myself bored stiff  by the story line.I am so sorry I feel like I am betraying rpg'ers and anime fans everywhere..I actually did not get through the game. I set it down and started playing something else and that was like 8 years ago or something and I have still not played it or the second one .Shame on me! I will get to it though..soon...
I've gotten through about half of the game and have decided that overall, it is just OK.At first the webslinging and beating up bad guys was really cool.  The graphics are amazing for this game and the physics are genuine.  However, after learning the basics of the game I'm sad to say there really isn't much more to it.Every chapter requires you to complete a certain number of tasks.  Whether it be talking to Jonah, shooting picture, or whatever.  But you must always obtain hero points.  The sad thing is, there are only about 4 scenerios to earn hero points: get a guy to a hospital, stop a car chase, catch a guy before he falls off a building, and stop an armed robbery. Umm....after 8 hours couldn't there be more to it than just this?  The further you are in the game, the more hero points you need to get the next chapter.  I'm at a point now where you need 3000 hero points, well the actual encounters with the bad guys can earn you about 200 a clip.  That's just too many trips to make this game fun.As I said earlier, the graphics are great and the physics are good.  The civilans are stupid (you CAN NOT interact with anyone at anytime).Really, once you've seen every scenerio for hero points 50 times, isn't that enough?
I was bowled over by the physics, loved the action and amazed at the fact that the entire island of Manhattan has been recreated.Sure I loathed the story and detested the end-of-level bosses you have to endure to gain everything the game has to offer. Thankfully these parts are short and mostly easy. Some of the fights are so out of keeping with the rest of the game, placed obviously in there to coincide with the movie... but once the story part of the game is completed New York is open for you. You're then free to do the sub missions and time trials and seek hidden packages to your heart's content.Personally I could have lived without the story mode completely but it didn't detract too much from a great game with good graphics and fabulous controls.Leaping off a skyscraper for the first time is a rush! Recommended harmless fun.
I love the way you can go anywhere in this game .But the mini missions are repetative.graphicaly this game is not so bad, but I have a "S" video cable for my XBOX ,which improves resolution. That is if you have a compatable TV. I think some younger kids might like this game better. All in all a good concept game but could've been better. Like More diverse side missions .And maybe you could talk to people on the street instead of the same cutscenes in the mini missions. This game is fun to swing around the city and see the day change into night with all the city lights is pretty kool.It'd be nice to play some of the other characters too.
The popular Contra series returns to the video game scene but now it debuts on a 16-bit system for the first time. There are only 6 levels here instead of the usual 8 but it's still an action packed shooter featuring new weapons, different techniques, and even enemies. There is nothing too ground breaking but it was still a wild ride that takes a lot of skill to master.
Sega Saturn, a system that possessed a unique charm of demonstrating great 2D capabilities, housed two processors. One of them powered 3D, while the other one had the sole purpose of unleashing its 2D powers at a great 29 MHz. Now here is where the problems begin. Because the system used two separate processors, it made it very difficult for developers to create games for the system, because both processors must be worked with simultaneously, causing the system to not have a great variety of titles like it should have.Unfortunately, you know as well as I do that the best game for the system, Panzer Dragoon Saga has the unfortunate disadvantage of being one of the most expensive games to obtain due to its very limited print run. Please do not misunderstand; the system is not terrible, it just has a somewhat limited selection. While there does exist good games such as Hexen, Tomb Raider or Gex, which can be obtained at fair prices, I can get those for other systems and the reason I would want a Sega Saturn is to play 2D fighting games, which I am not exactly a fan of, or RPGs such as Magic Knight Rayearth, which cost a fortune to buy as these games had very obviously  suffered from limited print runs. On the PlayStation, I can purchase similar titles for a fraction of the cost with the same gameplay value as their Saturn counterparts.Despite not being a fan of 2D fighting games, however, I can still see that they are a great strength for the Saturn as there are a good sum of 2D fighting games to go around, and they can mostly be obtained at a decent price, so that is certainly a plus, but I cannot see myself thoroughly enjoying this system if I must spend more than $50 to play some of the games I would enjoy such as the RPG I have mentioned above and some other RPGs for the system. Overall, I would recommend this system if you are a 2D fighting or platforming fan, but if you prefer RPGs, I would recommend steering towards the PlayStation, since they are far better priced with a greater variety than the Saturn itself.
Before I get all kinds of hate messages, let me start by saying I love Sega. The Genesis and Dreamcast were great systems. The Saturn however, is not the same caliber of those two systems.If you've done your research on the system you know the Saturn had problems from day one. Sega decided to put two processors in the Saturn as a response to the Sony's announcement of the Playstation specs. This made development difficult, as a result, many Saturn games were inferior ports. Furthermore, they made a surprise launch (before the internet was popular)and no one was ready except for Sega. This simultaneously angered, retailers, developers, publishers, and consumers, simply put, the strategy backfired. In a nutshell, that is the problem with the Saturn. The system spent it's entire life trying to prove its superiority to it's competition, when in fact, the PS1 and N64 went on to be very successful systems.That is not to say that the Saturn is a bad system. I would never go that far. I do believe it has some redeeming qualities that make it attractive to the right kind of gamer. I am simply saying it lacks the universal appeal that its competition has. So if you want to see if the system is right for you continue reading:1 First party titles. Much like the N64, the best games on the system were developed (or at very least published) in house. It's really a sight to behold Vituta Fighter 2 running at 640x480/60fps and then seeing the Saturn buckle under trying to run some of the third party titles like Symphony of the Night. But even Sega had trouble with the Saturn, for a good example look at the original releases of Daytona and Viruta Fighter 1, they were re released later and look like someone put a new video card in the system. In general the first party titles run the best on the system. I'm not saying third party titles can't look good too, just not as much.2 Fighters. For whatever reason, fighters run particularly well on the Saturn. And of all the Capcom fighters in particular seem to run best of all. Darkstalkers and Xmen: children of the atom are very well suited for the platform. The fludiity of the animation, and the controls just flow in games like this. If you invest $40 in a 4MB Action Replay (think expansion pack for the N64) you can run games like Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter and Metal Slug and it really shows that the Saturn was mean to be a 2D powerhouse. It also helps that the controller is practically made for fighters.3 Imports. The action replay also allows you to run Japanese games. The Saturn was much more successful in Japan than it was here in the states, thus a lot more games were released in that region. As long as the Japanese text isn't an issue, you can get a lot of the games that never came here, or get the games that did come here significantly cheaper.The real problem I have with recommending the Saturn is that they are not only hard to come by but surprisingly expensive to collect for. Think of it this way. The PS1 is not only cheaper to collect for, but is also easier to get games for in general, it has some expensive/rare games, but there is more than enough quality software that is common. The Saturn has about the same size library that the N64 does but the expense and the difficulty finding games can be very prohibitive. Don't get me wrong, there are some gems to be had, but with digital distribution and services like XBLA and PSN re releasing older content. It's a hard system to reccomend.
The Sega Saturn could have easily beaten the Playstation if Sega had spent more time on it. The graphics are equilvant, if not better, and the idea for a 3D controller was neat. The problem with this system is GAMES! Nights into dreams, a port of 3D Blast, and a few others. They didn't even make a full Sonic game on it. Sonic 3D Blast and Sonic R don't count. They were developing a 3D Sonic game called Sonic Xtreme, but it was a disaster. It had already been moved from Genesis to 32X, and then the Saturn. The directors of the game were being switched constantly, the final one almost died from stress. At one point Xtreme was using the Nights Into Dreams 3D engine, but then they got in trouble for it and had to start from scratch. So Sega made a console and never had an actual Sonic game on it. Pure sadness. I recommend the console because some games are not that bad, but I wouldn't want to spend more then $70 on it.
Generally nothing new here. Same game as Carmagedon but less fun. If you liked Carmagedon 1 you will be disappointed by this game.What's good about it:Frame rate is way up there for a larger terrain map. Game is very responsive.Menu art work and interface nicely done.Music is good.Weaponary is fun.What's not good about it:Scenary is dark and foggy. Partially because the story calls for it but probably to cull most of the terrain away.Dynamics are not as good as Carmagedon. When cars crash or flip over the physics are not quite right. Considering Carmagedon came out probably over 4 years ago, I am disappointed by the dynamics in this game.Cars do not deform as well as in Carmagedon so you have to look at the &quot;health&quot; meter to figure out when your car will blow up.Extremely difficult even on easy level.Game has less personality than Carmagedon. You don't get screaming pedestrians, tourists and cows.
The graphics have improved. The weapons have improved. Sadly, the story line is still more of the same. With these types of games now including great story modes and various types of activities, this dated dimension of gaming just isn't as appealing as it once was. Once you've admitted that to yourself, this is still a night of fun with friends. As cheap as it is now, go ahead and buy it.
I'll warn you before I give my two cents, I played both previous versions of Civilization religiously when they were first released so Sid Meier's classic strategy game is not new ground for my PC gaming tastes.  As a matter of fact, that might be my biggest complaint about the second sequel.  Except for improved graphics, there really wasn't much of a change between parts two and three.  Sure, the trading and espionage system was altered, the wonders changed a little and diplomacy was improved, but if you played Civ 2 as much as I did, you should have no problem diving right into Civ 3.  I might have used the in-game Civilopedia for a grand total of fifteen minutes, otherwise it was as if I hadn't even left Civ 2.  I still had some classic Civ fun but it didn't last long.  I spent more time with strategy games that were nowhere near as good as Civ 3 only because they offered something fresh. Now, if you've never had the pleasure to play a Civilization game, quickly pick the latest edition up because it might be the most addictive strategy game ever.  Even to this day, I occasionally find myself reinstalling the game and spending an entire Saturday conquering the world.  If you're a Civ fanatic or Civ rookie, I'm sure you'll enjoy the newest addition but for the rest of the PC gaming community, you might want to wait until Civ 3 and all its expansions are packaged together into an economy deluxe edition only so you'll get a chance to play more new content in the sequel.  One warning for all gamers: On giant maps with the max amount of civilizations, this game can go slow, ESPECIALLY in later years when the continent is saturated with cities.  Civ 3 boasts the best AI of the entire series but I'm not sure a smarter computer opponent was worth the grueling decision making time for the CPU.  The game still captures the classic Civ magic we all love but I've played the first two games so often I'd rather see a remake of Alpha Centauri or Colonization which have yet to see a sequel.
...most notably &quot;Rise of Nations&quot;.  Which is why I wanted to briefly jump in and offer a quick piece of advice, if you're seriously considering buying this game, consider Rise of Nations first; it's more complex, less buggy, it has &quot;real&quot; multiplayer (that works excellent), and the graphics are considerably better.Hope this was a help...
I like this game.  But, it's just the same Civilization, just with better graphics.  I got bored with it very quickly.  Probably because I've already played it.  Great concept, they just need to find a way to make turns go faster.  I would play my turn, then go do dishes or something while the computer took it's turn.  That's how long it could last.
Civilization. The name should conjure forth in a player's memory countless hours of "One more turn", how much coffee the human body can consume, and the true meaning of the word "Addiction".I poured more time into Civ2 than I have *ever* put into any other game, hands down. To this day I find myself playing it for hours at a time...the game is perfect, has seemingly infinite replayability, and is a blast in multiplayer. So when Civilization III was slated to come out I was beside myself with joy. I was an almost daily visitor to the game's website, inputting my own questions alongside the other thousands of fans.But how do you explain this game? To really understand the problem, one must look at both the inherent pros and cons of the game itself. In my humble opinion Sid got some things dead right, things that really do add to a game like this. And others it's like he forgot (God forgive me for saying this about a computer gaming legend like this) and got completely backwards.In it's favor Civ 3 is very pretty to look at for a game of it's type. Animated units run across the landscape and terrain has a fresh and real feel to it. Another plus to the game is the addition of borders. I love it when I can take over a rival city bloodlessly and intact. And it offers incentive to throw production into buildings that otherwise might be sidelined in favor of military applications: Libraries and the like. The research tree makes a little more sense than it did in Civ 2, but I'll be the first to tell ya that I miss the old one a lot more. I keep hitting Philosophy and expecting to get a free advance, and when nothing happens I can't hide my disappointment. The animated battles are nice to watch, and I like the addition of levels of experience for your troops, ie "Veteran" and "Elite".  The end of the game, as I watch my Civlization's borders expand on the overview area, I can't help but think back to that turn and say "I remember that!", when certain events happen or Wonders are built. These are all great things about this game to me, and it's one of the reasons that I continue to try to win at it.But the whole effort is hamstrung by some rather critical problems, ones that I'm surprised the gaming community doesn't seem to want to acknowledge, and those that do do it reluctantly. Here's some examples...- Units are horribly unbalanced. This has gotten a little better with the latest patches, but the fact remains that a guy wielding a sword should be NO match for a guy firing a rifle. It's frustrating to see advanced units fall before Medieval weapons...it makes no sense. I could forgive the game every single fault it had, if not for this single problem.- I have played, and played, and played. And yet I cannot seem to advance beyond Industrial Age despite the outrageous amount of time and effort I put into expansion and science research. I do not know what the American F-15 Special Unit looks or plays like. Nor the German Panzer. These will probably remain mysteries to me for as long as I play the game, and that bothers me. Civ 2 rewarded the player who put the most time and effort into Science by giving them technological edge over rivals and enemies. This, along with the unit imbalances mentioned above, seriously hamper the entire experience for me. Someone write me and tell me they've at least *seen* a Spaceship without cheating. I want to know if it's possible.- Diplomacy is a mixed bag. It starts out civil enough when dealing with other Civs, but I cannot see the sense in Hiawatha demanding that I give him World Maps, Money, and my latest Scientific Discovery, just so I can get useless World Maps in return. World Maps + 200 Gold + Printing Press does NOT equal World Maps, no matter how much of the globe he possesses.- The Corruption thing is a little out of whack. What incentive do I have to expand my empire when I know that my fringe colonies will never be able to build anything because they'll always have just one production shield? And yes I'm a Democracy, with a Police Station, Courthouse, Roads, and a Harbor. It makes me not want to expand because it's almost too much trouble.As I said, I could let the game slide by with 4 stars if the unit imbalance issue was corrected, but even after all these patches I still can't get over the fact that a Veteran Swordman can take down an Elite Rifle unit while only taking 1 hit.Star Control 3. Master of Orion 3. Civilization 3. Bad things come from Infogrames in 3's...
My opinion of Civlization III is based on the fact that I have played its predecessors.  If you haven't played any of the Civilization games, by all means, purchase this game as quick as possible because you have no idea what you're missing!  A time encompassing game primarily about world conquest, you control a civilization from caveman times to the present day and expand world borders attempting to win the game in different ways.  The third version of this popular series still follows the same gameplay format that made it a universal favorite and that's why I had problems with it: It didn't change much.I suppose it's difficult for a software company to live up to a famous title's reputation when it's already one of the classic strategy games of all-time but I didn't feel like I got my money's worth after playing this game for a week.  Frankly, I'm already bored with the game.There are some new and interesting changes to the game.  One of the most obvious new features is a system that relies on specific resources (oil, rubber, etc.) rather than allowing you the ability to build anything you choose.  Another great new feature is the expanded diplomacy option with just about anything in the game available for trading with other countries.  The game is much smarter now and computer opponents make better decisions.  This may have led to what I find one of the biggest problems in the game, the incredibly slow running speed.  The more computer controlled civilizations you allow in your game, the slower it runs from turn to turn.  Even with low amounts of civilizations, when the game has progressed to a later point in time and the world is heavily populated, it can take at least a minute for the computer to decide its moves in one turn.  I have a decent system and would recommend that anyone with a slow processor be prepared to practice their patience as you will be playing games that will take a LONG TIME.  I have no problem with strategy games that take a while before completing the objectives but Civilization III loses its appeal when I make decisions in a few quick seconds and then wait a minute or two for the computer to complete its turn.If this is your first time to play the Civilization series, the instruction manual is phenomenal and it is equipped with an in-game encylopedia that describes all units, buildings, wonders, etc. to you.  I was disappointed that the game didn't come with enough new aspects to force me to read the instructions much.  I jumped right in to Civilization III as though I didn't miss anything from the previous version.The provided scenarios/maps aren't near as good as the other versions and civilizations do not start in their historically correct positions on a simulated world map.  I would check the internet as there are bound to be plenty of interesting maps and modifications created by players.  Also, the game does not come with a multiplayer internet format.  Knowing the recent history of PC games, the company will probably release a costly expansion pack in later months that will allow you to play this on the internet with other players.A great game for anyone that is new to the Civilization series but in my opinion, only a fair game for returning players.
Dungeon Siege, unlike most "RPGs", is primarily a hack'n'slash, mindless combat game in the vein of the Diablo and Gauntlet series' of games.  If you're looking to purchase the game and didn't like EITHER of those series', turn around now.  The game is great if you enjoy the "kill-endless-hordes-of-monsters-and-get-better-stuff-to-kill-bigger-monsters-very-little-thinking-involved" style of gaming.  If, however, you're looking for something more along the lines of a Final Fantasy (heavily plot driven, character based immersive RPG) or Baldur's Gate (heavily strategy based, plot driven RPG), you're looking in the wrong place.If, however, you enjoy the first type of game, then continue reading.Dungeon Siege is basically Diablo 3: that is, it's Diablo II made better.  The graphics are greatly improved, with both the characters and environment rendered beautifully in 3d.  Unlike Diablo II, you don't have to rapidly click your mouse button for hours - you can click the target once and your character will continue attacking it until it's dead.  You can also set your character to have intelligent AI: to have it move freely, to have it attack specific kinds of monsters, or to have to have it defend specific characters in your party.  Potions are consumed in the amounts you need to consume them, instead of wasting an entire big health potion on a few scratches.  The game provides innumerable other player-friendly devices, including pack mules, healing rings, variable difficulty settings, and the like.The variable difficulty settings are a mixed bag.  I began playing the game on easy, to try and get a feel for it, and the game is a joke on this difficulty setting: My main character could rush into a room of 50 or more enemies and take them all down without having to use a health potion.  I was wondering why so many health potions were dropping until I switched into Normal difficulty.  It proved far, far more difficult, and I learned the value of the quicksave button.  The difficulty settings are quite steep, given that there are only three, and provide a unique level of challenge to every player.  It does, however, take the fun out of the game when you can dumb down the difficulty for a boss that you have trouble with.The one aspect where this game will pale in comparison to Diablo II is the multiplayer.  Unlike Diablo II, Dungeon Siege's multiplayer characters can be imported from single player.  It is, therefore, possible to use cheat codes and hacks to create a massively overpowered single player character and then use it in multiplayer.  The online internet (ZoneMatch) based version of the game will end up like that of Diablo I, where everyone has the highest level character possible with the best equipment possible and PVP is a joke.  Character advancement will be non-existant, and several key aspects of a massive multiplayer community will be missing, like an economy and a learning curve.  If GPG & MS had taken the time to create an online-only database for online characters, the multiplayer version of the game might stand a chance.Because the net-based multiplayer will be so incredibly poor compared to D2, don't buy the game expecting to jump into a better version of D2.  Buy it because of its fun single player campaign, and to play it with your friends.
Let's cut to the chase. You've undoubtedly heard that "Dungeon Siege" is a game brimming with awesome graphics, "seamless" gameplay, and heralded sound. And that's all true. But Dungeon Siege lacks the one thing that it claims itself to be: role-playing. Don't get me wrong; it's still a fun game to play. But if you're a gamer who likes strong plots and powerful character development (as I am), then Dungeon Siege may not be the game for you. However, if you were enthralled with Diablo II's hack-and-slash mayhem, then this might be just your thing. Still, Dungeon Siege lacks any type of user-chosen skill development. Rather, Microsoft has taken the opportunity to present us with a new kind of "RPG" that makes your character excel in different areas, whether it be magic, bow, or weapon, depending on how much you use them. Although I understand this thinking and feel it's a novel approach to a game, I would rather decide myself where my character's strengths are. In addition, much of Dungeon Siege is run by smart AI, meaning that your party of adventurers will do what they're told, letting you sit back and watch the melee until it's time to heal with a potion or change somebody's attack scheme. This is all fine until you realize that the whole game can seemingly play itself!I liked Dungeon Siege for its simplicity, as it presents a nice break to real time-stealers like "Baldur's Gate 2". But I can't help to feel a little let down by its elementary nature. The eye candy and sound are awesome, but everything else simply feels rushed. Quests are limited, as are social interactions with non-player characters. Too much of the game is simply walking into a field and left-clicking until everything is dead, with a random award of treasure.If you're a Diablo fan, I have no doubt that Dungeon Siege will suit your taste. It's actually less of an RPG than Diablo II, but it's hack-and-slash nature will delight. It's hard to put down once you stop. For those into the epic storylines of Bioware's RPGs, then I urge you to play a copy of Dungeon Siege before making the full purchase. It's simplistic, unassuming tone will offend true "RPG'ers," so you've been warned.All in all, Dungeon Siege is a fun game to play, regardless of its faults. And isn't that what gaming is all about?
I bought this game for a bargain 15 dollars, it is a good timewaster, but it isnt for me. I like rpgs with depth, this one might be good for newbies, but not me.
Unlike wines, Jedi Outcast was probably better appreciated when it first came out back in 2002. I played it for the first time this year and while it was fun I can't say I love it. If anything, I enjoyed it mostly because it gave me a nostalgia trip for the original Dark Forces game, which was one of my first computer games back in 1996.Jedi Outcast looks and feels dated even though it's been less than a decade. Yes, games age, but even games like KOTOR and Rogue Squadron, which came out around the same time, still look and feel great. By contrast, the graphics in Jedi Outcast just look blocky and flat. The locations are generic. There are even some familiar locales, like Bespin, but you're pretty much stuck in a bunch of rooms that look no different from the Imperial ship later in the game (compare that to the Bespin in the Force Unleashed Wii games, which actually does look like Bespin).However, what really frustrated me was the gameplay. The lightsaber combat is uneven and unwieldy. Jumping isn't very precise, which is a big problem because Jedi Outcast thinks it's a platforming game. You often have to make precise jumps onto narrow ledges. This led to no small amount of frustration.I'm not sure why some people rave about the story. The story is pretty rote - the princess (Jan Ors) gets captured, and the hero (Kyle Katarn) has to go find his sword (lightsaber), track down the evil king (Dark Lord Desann), and rescue her. You don't have any choice in the story or outcomes. Even worse, some of the movie characters act out of character. Luke Skywalker seemingly has no problem with Kyle going out looking for revenge against Desann. LandoPerhaps I've just been spoilt by recent games like the Force Unleashed and KOTOR and Rogue Squadron, which have great graphics, controls, and stories. I'm glad I tried Jedi Outcast just to see what ever happened to Kyle. I loved shooting Stormtroopers Dark Forces style. But with so many great Star Wars games out there, this one should probably be pretty low on your list.- Enjolras
The SAGA continues! We have finally received a sequel to JK!!! JK2 is a good game. It has the features of JK, and brings them up to the max!To start, JK2's graphics are EXTREMELY improved! It uses the Quake 3 Graphics engines to utilize the best graphics in games today! It has BEAUTIFUL landscapes, and character details are AMAZING! Kyle Katarn has never looked so good!The gameplay is nothing to scream about. It is exactly like JK's. That's probably a good thing. I found a few probs with gameplay tho. I realized that the aiming mechanism is somewhat inaccurate at times. Because the aimer always stays in the same position, you should always have the same accurate aiming. Although, this game doesn't have that. This is definetely not a game for Tactical Shooters fans.I also found that replay value is OK. There are 4 difficulty levels at which you can beat the game at, but I don't think that is enough. I mean, can't we atleast get a few alternative paths or SOMETHING??? It's the same game played over and over again, but at harder levels. Some people may find this cheap, but I think it's OK if you just start at the medium or hardest difficulty level. I started at Padawan (the first difficulty), and it's still pretty challenging. Expect to be infront of you computer a lot frusterated about a puzzle you must solve.In general, this is a MUST for all JK fans. Tactical shooters fans may find this game a bit annoying, and people that are not fans of the first person shooter genre should not think about getting this game. FPS fans should consider buying the game, and may want to play the demo before purchasing. All in all, this is a game for the JK fans and FPS fans. I'm out now, so PEACE. Hope this helps!
In 1997 LucasArts humbled the gaming world with the release of Dark Forces II: Jedi Knight, a first-person action shooter that let players direct Kyle Katarn's quest to avenge the death of his father, Morgan and become a Jedi. The game flattened the competition with its near total immersion in the Star Wars environment that had been sorely lacking, even in the original Dark Forces in 1995. For twenty levels you became Kyle, the quirky smart-mouthed mercenary aiding the fledgling New Republic on a mission against Jerec and his cabal of Dark Jedi bent on locating and consuming the power of the Valley of the Jedi. A thousand years ago a great battle between the forces of light and dark saw thousands of Jedi spirits trapped within the valley. As Kyle you progressed in your powers until eventually having to make a choice between Light and Dark. To stop Jerec in order to keep the valley safe or take the power for your own and rule the galaxy.Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast is set nine years after Jedi Knight, making it 14 years after the fall of the Empire at Endor, and Kyle has abandoned his Jedi heritage after nearly killing Mara Jade at the Sith temple on Dromund Kaas when he fell to the Dark Side. Still working for New Republic Intelligence, he and Jan stumble across an Imperial Remnant base that appears to be growing gem-like crystals- similar to the ones found in lightsabers. It turns out that a fallen Jedi and the Remnant are attempting create a Force-using army by combining the crystals and the Force. The first couple of levels are also painfully dull and the goals are often poorly defined. After encountering the fallen Jedi Desann, Jan is murdered by Desann's apprentice, Tavion. Secretly, Kyle flies to Rusaan- the secret location of the Valley of the Jedi. There is reasserts his connection to the Force. Reluctantly Kyle must reclaim that which he abandoned, traveling back to Yavin IV, he meets with Luke Skywalker in order to retrieve his lightsaber. At the Yavin academy, Kyle relearns his basic Force abilities in a test devised by Luke before traveling to Nar Shadda to begin his search Desann and the Reborn.Game play is much improved over Jedi Knight in many areas, not least of which is lightsaber combat, which is now handled almost exclusively in the third-person view. I had misgivings about this, but having tried it out, I see that it's much better- allowing for greater control and freedom of action during duels. Graphics are not through the roof 'awesome', but very clean and exceptionally well detailed. I have a ATI Radeon 9700 Pro video card, so I guess I expect all new games to be earth-shattering in their visual appeal. Raven did pay close attention to lightsaber duels from the Phantom Menace- giving the ones in the game a distinct cinematic feel, especially when view from a distance in multi-player. Mostly the game is fluid- the visuals flow nicely and Raven manages to overcome one of the Quake III: Arena engine's short comings by producing attractive vistas, whether indoors or out, everything has the right Star Wars-zy feel and look to it.Weapons range from Kyle's Bryar pistol, E-11 blaster rifle, Bowcaster and Repeater Rifle, plus new additions like the Tenloss disrupter, which can disintegrate distant targets in sniper mode, an EMP gun for dispatching droids and other electronic devices, a flechette cannon which is just a knock-off of the flack cannon from Unreal Tournament, plus a rocket launcher. Kyle also has access to munitions like thermal detonators, laser trip mines (a la Duke Nukem), and detpacks that can be blown by remote control. All three explosives and the rocket launcher do far more damage than their small, wimpy explosions would indicate. An additional weapon that Kyle carries that I really liked are the portable sentry gun- a cannister that once dropped deploys a blaster turret and begins shooting enemies within its range. Players also get macrobinoculars, bacta canisters for healing, and light amplification goggles. Plus you will find no end of shield and health power-ups through out the levels. One of the game's down sides is that it is difficult to tell when you're being shot- there are no accompanying green flashes or sizzling sound effects as your personal shields take a beatingThe game ships with 10 multi-player maps, customizable Force powers to fine-tune your character. You can even play games without the Force, though it tends to favor the dark side powers. Multi-player games include standard death matches, capture the flag, king of the hill where only one play has a lightsaber and Force powers and it's up to everyone else to deal with it, capture the ysalamiri (the Jedi Kryptonite creatures care of Mr. Zahn). One of the down sides in single-player missions is Raven split Kyle's Force powers between the Light and Dark side. He can throw lightning and choke someone, but no longer has Force Seeing and Protection- two powers that were, in my opinion, instrumental in the first game. I didn't like the addition of Dark Side powers that seemed to be there just to satisfy those players who think the Dark Side is 'kewl'. Raven also has the Outcast version of its Q3 Radiant level builder and other tools, like script managers etc. for creating single and multi-player levels.This is an o-kay game. It didn't completely suck me in like Jedi Knight did, but it is a worthy successor. It lacks the impact of Kyle's momentous decision between Light and Dark nor is the story as epic. And strangely, the feel is closer to that of the original Dark Forces than it is to Jedi Knight. Plus it suffers a little too much from console hell like Dino Crisis, where on some levels you must find the key to open the door in order to get to the next key to open the next door. It has some nice animated full-motion video, but nothing like the live action scenes that added so much to Jedi Knight. It is also a hard game- get used to not completing later maps on the first try even on easy 'Padawan' setting, plus some of the jumping can be a little frustrating. I waited a long time for this game and I'm glad I wasn't completely disappointed.
One of the most distinctive feature about Pokemon Crystal vs. Pokemon Silver and Gold is the female character. That, I think, is my favorite part as well. Also, there is a new battle tower available, however I don't like it very much. There are more Pokemon than Gold and Silver, but that is basically it. Otherwise, they are almost the same game. If you already own Gold and Silver, note that the only advantage to Pokemon Crystal is that you can create a female character. There isn't much of a point of getting it other than that. In my opinion, the game could have been better if Nintendo made a few more changes to Crystal to give a better reason for many customers to buy it.Pros:1) Female Character2) New battle tower3) Some maps are different than Gold and Silver4) Ability to breed Pokemon5) Day/Week/Time settings6) Day and night effectsCons:1) Too similar to gold and silverBy the way, for those who are curious, when you want to battle someone who has Pokemon Gold or Silver, and you have crystal with the female character, the female character simply turns into a male character. &gt;.&gt; strange...
Both of these games are some of the greatest RPGs ever released. But unfortunately Square/Enix released this game with the same horrendous loading times that killed the psx release of Final Fantasy 6. I know it sounds ridiculous that I'm complaining about petty loading times, but BELIEVE ME, once you play the ps1 version of Chrono Trigger you will be going nuts from impatience with these load times. If you're fast, you might be able to prepare dinner, or even take a shower while the menu loads up. And when you enter the next screen you might as well leave to use the bathroom. Okay maybe I am overemphasizing it a bit. I found myself looking for the SNES version after i got this just so I could take advantage of quick loading time. Which to me was a collosul waste of money since I paid for the Chronicles already. But now that the game is on Greatest Hits, it is worth it just for the ff4 disk alone. This version of FF4 is just as good (probably even better) than the SNES version. As far as I know it has more monsters and items too, since this version is the japanese one translated into American and not the watered down American version. And since it's only 20 bucks now, it's a great deal for these classic games. Final Fantasy 4 has very fast loading time on this and it really makes me wonder why Square couldn't have made Chrono Trigger faster. It seems as though every time Square releases a double-RPG set one of the games always has horrible loading. But truth be told, the loading times on Chrono Trigger are not as horrible as Final Fantasy 6's, which were by all means the worst loading times Ive ever experienced, and I'd rather pay for a Super Nintendo and the game itself so I could avoid them (and the SNES version is much better for that game anyway). I guess after all it is worth it to pay $20 for these two classic games despite the horrendous patience problems you will endure. Unless you can find it on Greatest Hits, I wouldn't buy it though.overall....about 3.5...but 4 was too good so i rounded down to 3
The only way this memory card is worth $35 is if they no longer make it and its very hard to find and you just want to collect it for the memory of the Playstation system otherwise i would not pay more then about $10 for this but do not try and sell it to Gamespot they will give you $0.25 for it and i am not even remotely joking about this !
I only purchased this because to play PlayStation 1 games, you have to have it, but if you ask me if I like the product itself, I would say moderately.  Its useful and it works, for a pretty long period of time, but when it does stop working (and it will), everything you had saved on it, is never recoverable (as far as I know).  Memory cards for game consoles are certainly something of the past, and for good reason.  I wish the PlayStation 1 and 2 had internal hard drives to store the data on, but the fact they didn't helped attribute to their cost effective pricing to reach a wider market of consumers at the time.  I'm sure there are some modifications you can make to a PlayStation 1 or 2 to give it a internal hard drive to store data such as save games, but because it was never released that way, I don't plan to attempt to modify it like that.Essentially, get a memory card if you need one, because they work and they're pretty much all you can use anyway.
I wanted this bad back then and when I got it I was bored quick even for GBA. It's just a mix bag for racing... even after so long it is hit of mis no matter what mario fans say. I guess at best 50% great if you agree with the 5 star people but if you dis-like it then look for what they hate.My reaview in the end is good but repetative short 50 to 100 to 150. Just makes its a short run game or its just a game with easy to hard.
I realize that Nintendo excels in many video game genres. For example, Mario will probably always be the king of platform games. Mario Party will always be the must-have party game. No one has even tried to top Super Smash Bros. But Mario Kart is an exception. Sure, Super Mario Kart for the Super Nintendo was fun when it was the only cart racing game out there and it was a new concept. But Nintendo has done almost nothing since to improve upon its own idea.In Mario Kart Super Circuit, you will see essentially the same courses, same weapons and the same characters that you have seen in every other Mario Kart game. The courses are actually pretty short and boring. You spend a day or two playing through all the circuits to unlock nothing and after that there really is no incentive to ever play it again. If you can find some friends who have GBA's then you can have up to a four-player race. But in order to play the battle mode, which is probably the best part of the game, your friends all need to have not only the GBA but the game cartridge as well.Overall, this is a pretty sloppy effort by Nintendo. I like Mario, and I cannot seem to resist buying every one of his games, but I always want to kick myself for buying the Mario Kart games.
Sometimes, when there is so much hype around a kind of video game, it just doesn't really lead to aything but nothing for the money. That really can be surprising from a world class video game icon like Mario. Arguably, when Nintendo developed Mario back in the 80's, he had proven to be the most successful plumber of all time. Still, the downside comes every so often, when a game does seem to actually rev up those engines today and back then, it does seem to cool down, and it has done it here a little bit too much. After the massive success of Mario Kart 64 for the Nintendo 64, Nintendo thought they had a sure hand victor again with another Mario Kart, but they were wrong.Mario Kart: Super Circuit is the first racer for the Game Boy Advance that features Mario and his gang including Bowser, Yoshi, Wario, and Princess Toadstool who is known now as Peach, and a few others. Basically, it is the same gang as it was from Mario Kart 64. The game displays 20 different tracks, that really don't seem to break out as they did before, as well as the hidden tracks from the original Mario Kart. The game is mostly like the very first Mario Kart from the Super Nintendo, without a lot to showcase. The control here is also a lot harder to go around here, and can often try to frustrate you in the process, no matter what the course is. Although it is a little bit challenging, Mario Kart may seem more like a throwback than the successor to Mario Kart 64, or even the Mario Kart: Double Dash for the Nintendo Gamecube.In all in all, Mario Kart: Super Circuit for the Game Boy Advance isn't as surprising as I thought it was. It actually seems more like another dull racer that it is on the inside, rather than the box on the outside. I only suggest this, if you haven't played the first Mario Kart for the Super Nintendo, but not if you've enjoyed the mass appeal of the other two Mario Karts. This isn't one on the money.
The Graphics in this game are amazing, the sound is of excelent quality, but the game itself gets dull pretty quickly.There are no hidden characters, only hidden tracks, and tracks are tracks... run around a few times, different color and shaped obstacles that all have one of the same three effects.  They either slow you down, make you spin out, or make you fall.Don't get me wrong, I like the game, but there could have been a lot more to it.
The number one biggest problem with Resident Evil: Code Veronica is that it's *completely* unnecessary if you go into it having thoroughly played and completed Resident Evil 1 and 2.Code Veronica basically combines the mansion of the first RE and the atmosphere and puzzles of the second RE and tries to paint a fake picture of being a completely new game with updated graphics and atmosphere, when in fact, that couldn't be further from the truth.  This game is just a huge waste of time compared to the previous games in the series.The biggest problem is that (and this is a HUGE problem) if you've already played the first two Resident Evil games, you will probably feel completely bored with Code Veronica and be left with the impression of "Been there, done that".  This game was outdated even when it was brand new because it adds absolutely nothing that we haven't already experienced previously.I *only* recommend playing Code Veronica if you're new to the classic style Resident Evil series (in other words, if you haven't played the mid to late 90's Resident Evil games).If you go into this Code Veronica having played the first three RE games, you will be *severely* disappointed because it does absolutely NOTHING new or innovative.  All this game does is progress the story a little bit, but the gameplay itself is stale and pointless.The enemy variety is also horrible.  Zombies, dogs, more zombies, more dogs... that sums up the majority of the enemies you will discover in this game, with the addition of an overrated new enemy called bandersnatchers.  Oh sure, the way these enemies can elevate themselves to new heights when you reach the second floor is impressive and somewhat unsettling as far as fear is concerned, but other than that, these enemies do absolutely nothing for me, and they definitely aren't in the same league as hunters or lickers.Steve is an annoying character too.  I dislike him a lot.I've seen arguments over which Resident Evil game is better- this one, or Nemesis.  I can *promise* you that Nemesis absolutely smokes this game into a million little pieces.  Nemesis adds progression to the gameplay (such as the ability to make your own ammo) and feels so much better than Code Veronica it's not even funny.Also, Code Veronica suffers from WAY too much needless backtracking.  We're talking about a *serious* moment of wandering back and forth here folks, the likes of which never happened in a Resident Evil game before this one was released.  It's definitely quite tedious and unnecessary.The game removes the "still frames" that were dominant in the previous Resident Evil games, but since the majority of time is being spent walking through previously explored empty areas, this isn't exactly some major, exciting leap in gameplay or anything.  In fact, it doesn't matter at all.Overall, probably best to avoid this game and pick up Resident Evil 2 and 3 instead (the two best games in the series IMO).
Resident Evil Code Veronica X was originally a Dreamcast game and has been ported to the PS2. While not a terrible entry in the series, it never really took off for me. Sure it was fairly long but it still felt incomplete somehow. Maybe it has something to do with the lack of unlockables and only one ending. In the first Resident evil, you could get a closet key and unlimited rocket launcher. There were also multiple endings. Same goes for 2 and 3. Why not in this? Your guess is as good as mine, there are indeed multiple possibilities. Still, if your into Resident Evil this is a real installment, it just falls short of the main series due to the lack replayability.
This game is virtually the same as all of the other old school Resident Evil games.  Limited supplies, lots of puzzles, item management, and zombies.  The limited items creates a tense atmosphere and there are plenty of jump scares.  If you liked any of the previous RE games, you'll probably enjoy the gameplay of this one.  Now, don't get me wrong, I love old school RE gameplay, there are just a few things about this one that are FAR more frustrating than they are fun.First of all, it has way more backtracking than I remember in any other Resident Evil game.  They all have backtracking, but they don't involve you going back and forth across a giant island multiple times.  You cross the island, only to get an item that unlocks a door two screens away from where you started.  I'm not a fan of the plot, which at times gets rather ridiculous.  There are also a lot of annoying enemies.  Bandersnatches are nearly impossible to dodge, as their arms can stretch across an area to smack you, and can jump from level to level.  Getting past them is a chore, and they show up early on in the game (at least it waits til the end to throw Hunters at you).  I recall a few puzzles where I was completely stumped, and upon looking up the solution in a walkthrough, would have NEVER figured it out.  I don't recall any puzzles like that in other RE games.  There is also a room full of moths that plant eggs on your back, which hatch and poison you.  Now, the moths are fairly easy to dispose of (one shot from anything kills them) and the room has an infinite supply of blue herbs, but once the eggs are laid, you can't get rid of them, and they'll hatch in inconvenient places.  Also, none of the bosses are ANY fun.  One boss involves you running down a hallway being chased, but unless you want to lose a powerful weapon for the rest of the game, it's impossible to get past without taking damage.  They also throw you in a room you can't backtrack out of, so unless you actually came prepared and have a relatively close save, you can get stuck.  Another boss has tons of little minion things that push you around and deal near-constant damage.  It makes the battle far too difficult, especially considering the amount of shots it takes to end it.  There are some other minor things, but I won't list themIf you want traditional survival horror gameplay, then this will provide that.  It is an earlier Resident Evil title, after all.  However, it's incredibly frustrating, in the unfair sort of way.  (Demon's Souls was a difficult game, but one that I thought was fair.  This isn't)  If you want a great Resident Evil experience, go for the Gamecube remake of the original.
What can I say?  This title was pretty good.  It is for sure a strong three, maybe a 4, but I have lost interest in the game.  If I wrote this when I bought it, It would have been a 4.  It looks really good, plays well, and sounds creepy.  It seemed a tad short and I was left wishing for another disk like in Resident Evil 2.  Rent this game and check it out.  It did not dissapoint, but it didnt blow me away either.
This was the 1st Resident Evil I played and beat myself. It was satisfying, and fun and the story was interesting. I loved every aspect of it, but it got so hard at times that I would not have made it past certain points without consulting internet walkthroughs, or cheating! The storyline is very confusing, and the backtracking is tedious and ridiculous. Nothing is explained in the beginning to let you know that you need certain items found in the beginning to get past points later on! The game also requires you to ditch some items you've found in the beginning! I would have been so mad if I would have not cheated. I'll probably buy it again to play on my Wii, just to see if it really is as difficult as it was on PS2 when I played, because it is a fun game. I enjoyed visiting and exploring all different places, especially the mansion. The controls take time getting used to, because they feel awkward. You can't store many items and ammo is limited, VERY limited. The puzzles are impossible, I didn't even try to figure them out. Overall, it's worth playing through to the end, because the story is great, but it is not an easy or painless process...so be prepared to get so frustrated!
The 1st RE for PS2 arrives accompanied by somewhat of a muted cheer with Code:Veronica X, a direct port of the DC Veronica with a couple of additional cinema sequences. RE newbies will find an enjoyable adventure here, but veterans will find it to be treading on very familiar ground. Veterans of the series already know what to expect: monster-blasting action crossed with brain-twisting puzzles, and it does not deviate from that formula either. The narrative follows survival/horror franchise pros Claire/Chris Redfield travel from a desert island to a secret Arctic base; both locales are, of course, densely populated by zombies and mutated monsters thanks in part to the G-virus, T-virus (or whatever they seem to be calling it these days). Veronica X delivers a solid stream of shocks and surprises, although some story elements are awkward as the games title puncuation. After a couple of &quot;romantic&quot; interludes between Claire and an island prisoner named Steve, you'll yearn for the no-nonsense style of Jill Valentine and RE3. One of the prime selling points of the game is additional cinematics that weren't in the DC version of the game. Only those rabid fans who want to know every last detail of the RE narrative should play this. The rest? Wait for RE on the GC. You really aren't missing much here.
I got SH 2 years ago. For its' time the graphics were great and the story was definetly something original no other game developer team had tried before. If you were to ask which I found more scary..being attacked by flesh eating mutants or receiving a genuine letter from a deceased loved one written AFTER they had died I'd be inclined to say the later.Regardless that is the Dilehma James is faced with. His dead wife has lured him back to Silent-hill and you know THAT is not going to be a happy walk in the park.First of all let me say I think this game really made people "re-think" the survival horror genre. It tried being witty, intelligent, and chalked with macabre symbolism as opposed to zombie arms that broke through windows. Even the side characters were more than simply devices to move the plot along. Eddie and Angela have their own interesting inner demons too and Maria looks just like James's deceased wife though her personality is drastically different. If that is not enough to sell you on this premise I could simply say "Oh yeah this game introduces Pyramid-Head". That alone will have people lining up in droves.Now putting everything good about the game aside I'm going to be brave and talk about why I think while it deserves "praise" it still is not all that and a side order of extra big fries. Yes, I know this is the game the elite Silent Snoots put on a pedestal. The one game no other SH can compare to. The Holy Grail of team silent. Is it that earth shattering?  For me anyway it was not.As with the other games there is a suspenseful build up. First it is sounds. Then it is fleeting shadows. Finally it is full blown creatures. The only problem is often there are not enough monsters and instead you are forced to aimlessly wander around trying to collect keys or pieces of an obscure puzzle. Now I admit sometimes its' fun to run around an enviorment without fear of dying to see those little details. However in a survival horror game you should never begin lulling into a calm sense of security and that's the biggest flaw of the game. In most areas I felt "safe" and that the monsters were easy to manuever around. Every once in awhile an eager lurching Pyramid-Head made my heart race a bit but besides for the beloved apron adorned big guy no other creatures instilled in me any amount of dread.The true disturbing factor comes from interacting with Eddie and Angela. I will not divulge why they are so psychologically unstable but talking with them alone requires a few steel nerves. These are normal people that "snapped" and you get the feeling you are a participant in their  horrorifying delusions. Things get stranger when you meet Maria, the sultry Dopple-ganger of Mary who embodies all Jame's sexual fantasies given flesh. Is she Jame's wife's ghost? Sadly Silent Hill never makes an explaination that easy so you have to keep playing to find out.As the game slowly drags on it picks up when we find out James has his own dark secret. When you finally get that revelation everything comes together and you know why Silent Hill's foggy streets beckoned to him.Now there is one thing I like to make clear to the fans. Pyramid Head pursued James because James subconciously wanted to be punished for his past misdeeds however  a few references from the other games prove the executioner has been apart of the town history for a long time. PH was not manifested from James, he was merely drawn to James. This is why it is OK PH was in the movie and ok he is in SH V.Examples1. In origins the gillespie house had a picture of PH. Origins took place way before Jame's arrival.2. The Room talked about "the red devil" and Jimmy stone. This story ties into PH if you read it carefully.3. Another document in Origins talked about "the executioner" as well.4. In SH 3 there is a picture of one of Alessa's past goddess incarnations with PH in the background amongst a few other people. You can view it in the cathedral.I just wanted to clear that up because there is a HUGE DEBATE raging PH should be confined to only this game which I find to be a waste of breath.As you can expect the music in this game is haunting and very befitting of Jame's sad tale and descent into madness to find his redemption. If there is one thing SH 2 gets right it is estabalishing a powerful thought provoking mood.Combat is what you expect from SH. You are not going to be able to fight like a marine. A plank with nails in it is your first weapon. That should tell you something right there. Eventually you get a few guns and a few other melee weapons besides your buddy "Plank-zorz".  Aside from stomping on monsters when they're down you are not a golden glove brawling champion. Perhaps it is for this reason it is good why most of the monsters are so gosh darn pathetic. Besides for the acid spewing of the patient monsters and the sheer size of the abstract daddies nothing made me feel over-whelmed that often.So in the end I'll say this game is great for atmosphere and a brilliant story. If you can stomach a horror game with more emphasis placed on wandering around, solving puzles, and talking to crazy lunatics to glean disturbing revelations you can likely over look the fact the combat engine is uninspired and the monsters are more scarce than the items in your inventory.
Silent Hill does develop an interesting story but it is spooky and gruesome to the max.  Dispatching the living dead is a bloody mess and could give a person nightmares for a week. There was no excuse for the slow movement of the main character and difficulty in guiding him. The puzzles are challenging but the  search for items in dark, decaying hotel mazes tried my patience in the end.  I wouldn't attempt this game without a strategy guide.
This game holds a spot very near and dear to my heart as being my favorite surrivival horror game (and I've played a lot of them), so instead of getting all mushy on you all, I'll mearly give you some of the basics. Let me stat by saying that many people believe this game represents one of the finest examples of story telling to have ever graced a video game and I will spoil none of it in my review. The game, in short, combines the creepiness and mood from the first game, with the controlls and graphics of the 3rd. From it's opening scenes, the game draws you in and however horrific and disturbing things get on screen (and at times, they will get very disturbing), the game mearly becomes more addictive. As things go on, you find your self intrigued, not only with the story of the protagonist, but with the history of the setting of the story, the town of Silent Hill (i'm not giving anything away here... the name of the game is silent hill 2, and if you can't make some sort of assumption that the game takes place in Silent Hill, you need not bother with this game at all). like many other survival horrors, this game has fixed camera angles (sort of... you can push a button to put the camera behind your player, but this only works in some areas) that can become a little bothersome at first, but in the end help add to the suspence. It also has corny diolauge, but this can be easilly forgiven, as it does not take away from the mood that the game creates. Next up, this game is not for every one and is not a gore filled splatter-fest, but does feature some blood and several disturbing images that will stay with you for some time to come. I recomend the game to mature players... not only because of it's content, but because of it's story. The game does not spell out any thing for you, and there is a lot of symbolisim (i.e. many things you see hapen arround you, reflect things that have happened in you characters past, or in his mind.... and you have to make this assumption all on your own in many cases, wondering what something symbolises) and the story touches on many &quot;mature&quot; issues, such as child abuse, wedding vows, euthanasia, suicide, hommicide, and religion. After all the praise I have given the game, you may be wondering why I rated the orrigional SH2 with only 3 stars. This is because the orrigional game is not nearly as good as the &quot;Greatest Hits' version for ps2 or the &quot;restless dreams&quot; version for x-box (both versions are exactly the same). These versions contain many things that were not included in the orrigional game, such as more endings, more items, more options, and a different playable character, and her own short story/prolouge that you can play through (lasts about 30 min.s to 2 hours, depending on your skill :-) ) Because of this, the &quot;greatest hits&quot; and &quot;restless dreams&quot; versions are 5 star games while the orrigional is only 3 when compared to them. Be sure that if you are buying the game for ps2, make sure the box art has a red top, with &quot;greatest hits&quot; writen in the red. If you own an x-box, the restless dreams version is the only one availabe for the x-box so don't worry. In conclusion, This is one of the best survival horror games ever released, and scares you in a subtle, creepy way that very few games can. Including an award-winning story, easy to learn controlls, good graphics (The graphics are saposed to look grainy.... after you beat the game once, you can make them smooth and turn off the grainy filter) and a healthy amout of replay value, this is one game that belongs in any survival horror fan's collection. .
An impregnable darkness lingers within the corridors of the haunted hospital, a faint yet disturbing crackling sound echoes close by, then the shuffling of feet.  A silence wells over the man plodding through the blood dried halls.  Handling a crude pipe and a trusty flashlight as he's only means of protection, James Sunderland goes on.  The impenetrable mist of fog harbors unseen monsters, they hunt him, leaving hints of their presence with distorted cries.  His flashlight emits limited visibility.  He is rapt to find his former love, who supposedly wrote him a letter to convene at the ethereal town of Silent Hill.  A letter she has written from the grave beyond. . .When my big ol' ears chanced upon the story behind the exaggerated gore game, I was surprisingly head over heels.  Inspired by Hollywood gore-fests and perhaps Resident Evil, Konami's suspenseful game was something to get all school-girl about.  Irresistible screenshots from various zines slapped me in the face, saluting it as revolutionary.  Presenting one devil of a pessimistic setting, Silent Hill 2 looked to have everything going for it; an absorbing story, a mix of hair-raising visuals, and an arsenal of, oddly enough, attractive undead nurses.  Needless to say, I expected a spine-tingling crusade into Hell, and the game delivered just a little too much of unpleasant Hell.  My definition of Hell, you ponder?  First, the apparent dizziness from the camera scheme.  Konami initiated  phase "super artsy", incorporating a futile attempt to capitalize on the aspects of horror films.  The last time a director went artistic was the disaster known as "The Cell ," starring the no-talent Jennifer Lopez.  Unfortunately, Konami nearly ranks on "The Cell's"  verge.  Secondly, the gameplay identically mirrors the exact setup to its predecessor.  Basically the player must chronologically progress from point A to point B while eluding monsters along the way.  Other than the flashlight and the pipe, there are guns with very limited ammo.  Akin to Resident Evil, the player should conserve ammo and sling em on mutant bosses.  Once you play an hour of Silent Hill 2, you pretty much played the whole thing; player's feel heartbeats stem from the controller, stumble on a grousing oddity playing hide-and-seek in the midst of excessive  fog, scramble from vomiting enemies, flirt or dart away from stalking nurses, collect an item here and there to unlock a door, crack plenty of conundrums, equip your game face for an upcoming boss, and finally, if you`re a vet to the horror genre, you'll  feel the wane of the scare moments.  Corresponding to the rules of the now dreary survival genre, tactical options on gameplay is naught.The only distinguishable difference in Silent Hill 2 to that of its predecessor is the dazzling facelift.  A sheer novelty, the PlayStation 2 refines the graphics to the director's own dark, morbid world.  Konami's underscore has to be the highly polished environment.  Shadowy and stark, the town is heavily congested by indolently flowing fog.  The atmosphere is so detailed that it can probably manifest a life of its own.  There areas where pure darkness shrouds the room with nothing more than a flashlight guiding the player.  Animation on both the characters and monsters are parallel to the fluidity of water.  PS2 harnesses the best facial expressions I have ever seen.  In each CG sequence the mugs on the characters are superbly distinct, showcasing a uniquely designed emotion.  Graphically, Silent Hill 2  has attained an otherwise unreachable ascent, until now.In the audio department, there's the fundamental elements found respectfully for this type of genre.  There are downright disquieting silences mainly found in the game.  The music is commonly suspended as the player focuses on the presence of threats by sounds of movement or verbal noises.  The few tracks of music suit and correspond to the mistrustful setting.  Sound effects are wonderfully rendered like the scraping of metal, the shuffling feet, and the bizarre crunches.  Although the sound effects and music are excellent, the voice-overs in the CG sequences have not improved over the original.  Again, the Japanese creators have mistakenly selected incompetent actors who sound insanely cheesy.Despite the promise Silent Hill 2 had going for it, the evils of gameplay slipups tarnish its potential.  If Konami were to patch up the wounds on the inescapable camera crisis and append a fresh sheet of innovations, this would have been passed up as the king of the survival genre.  Too bad too.
Alright, does anyone else feel like THIS should have been a stand alone game? It deserves to the the first in a series. It does so many things right. The graphics are beautiful even compared to modern consoles. The atmosphere is the reason you play the game. The controls feel stiff, unresonsive, and good enough to keep you going. The story explores the psyche of a man trying to hide something, and you are discovering it for the first time. The town itself is an enemy.The combat is not the reason you play this game. Sure, you kill strange, slightly effeminite, enemies, but you are playing this game to understand what the Hell is going on. That is the important part. THis game is good because it makes you care about a character we do not even know. It makes us want to find out, explore, find everything, go everywhere, learn... try... do... be repulsed, confused, aggrivated, amazed, and then doubly confused. This game makes you question reality, question yourself, and discover something about YOU, the player.The puzzles are woven gently into the story, still complex enough to warrent a guide, but not so difficult that a sharp-minded person could not solve the problem, although the fire axe you carry SHOULD be able to cut through that lock, it will not.This is a game a collector needs. THere are so many versions, the PS2 version is the one I stick to, but the others are just as awesome. This game is good. It is art, it is fun, it is everything a game should be. YOu can replay it, interpret it, have fun, and be scared, all at the same time. Yes, get this game.
this game would have made a very interesting movie , as a game it can get boring, so i had to play it like two hours at at timethen rest the story made me curious i just had to play this for myself.It's a the kind of when you just want to open and close door fecth this fetch that and solve some aimless riddles this the game for you!!!!!!!!!!! did i mention the controls????????????? it's like trying to steer a lawn mower with a axe handle!!!!!!!!  but if you want more i don't think this will satistfy your gaming needs i still love konami and this isn't so baaaaaad.i think it will have it's fans i am just not one of them laterzzzzzz........
If you've played this game on the PC, I don't recommend playing it on the PS2.  Although it looks nice, the controls are so difficult.  This isn't a game that should have been brought out for the PS2.  The game itself is one of the best, only on a PC though.
Please hear me out before you say I'm a strange guy for not liking Half-Life.I never actually played the game- I watched my younger cousin play the game.  Watching him play I got the feeling Half-Life is pretty much nothing but running around -VERY quickly- shooting things.  I don't know if maybe my cousin was just really good at the game, or maybe the character is supposed to run around THAT quickly.  Or maybe my cousin DID have it on hyper mode.  Either way, it wasn't that fun to watch because you pretty much ZOOM through doors and hallways.  Maybe it's more fun to PLAY, I don't know.It appeared from watching him play that basically all you do is run around as quickly as you can shooting the small amount of enemies that happen to cross your path while exploring a big, clunky government facility.  There's a bunch of games like that on the first Playstation, or rather, a bunch of games not much different.  Half-Life also has puzzles, but they seemed rather simple to complete.  It's possible the puzzles are more difficult to FIND than to complete seeing as how the game is so HUGE.Watching my cousin dash through what seemed like a countless amount of hallways and doors, I got the impression the game wasn't very interesting.  I'm a video game fan from the Playstation One days, and Half-Life just didn't do much in the way of separating itself from most Playstation games (besides having better graphics and MUCH bigger and longer areas to explore, of course).Actually, I was expecting the graphics in Half-Life to look really good because the Playstation 2 is supposed to be a graphically appealing gem, but the graphics in Half-Life were actually not much of an improvement compared to many Playstation One graphics.  I KNOW the Playstation 2 has better examples of wonderful graphics than in this game; I'm just saying they weren't that good.I don't know.  Don't hate me for not liking it.  I'm sure it's actually a good game and that it's simply a matter of waiting until the day comes when I can appreciate the new style of video games.  As long as storylines are dominating video games, however, it probably won't be anytime soon.
Way too many cutscenes and babble, not nearly enough game play. It's ultimately very boring.
Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty is the sequel to the innovative original MGS game that appeared on the Playstation One. Even though the game is quite fun, I probably prefer the original. Here's why:- First of all, the amount of cutscenes in this game are *incredibly* high. I'd say you have TWICE as many cutscenes to deal with in this game compared to the original. True, these cutscenes might end up telling a good story (if you actually have the patience to watch them all) but it doesn't really excite me on a personal "overall video game experience" level. Years from now the only thing I will remember about Sons of Liberty will be all the cutscenes I had to sit through, or skip (if I chose to do so). To make matters worse, many times I'm interrupted with spoken conversations during critical moments where I REALLY can't afford to be interrupted, such as during a moment when I'm trying to find the best way to eliminate a guard blocking an important path. I can't be distracted during these moments, and that's a shame. This was never a problem in the original.- Sons of Liberty is just about the same length as the previous MGS game (if you choose to skip all the cutscenes, that is). I'm serious. A sequel is ALWAYS supposed to be a longer and more interesting game. However, this is not the case with the Metal Gear Solid series. I can beat this game in 2 hours and 30 minutes. I can beat the original in 2 hours and 20 minutes. So it's only about 10 minutes longer overall. I'm not happy about that at all.- The very reason the original Metal Gear Solid is a much better game overall is because of this- the boss fights. In Sons of Liberty you only have 5 or 6 boss fights total, and none of them are very creative or interesting. What's up with that? One fight has you shooting between crates trying to locate and eliminate the enemy. It's fun, but not THAT great. Certainly not sequel-worthy, in my opinion.Another boss fight has you running from the first to second level shooting stingers at the enemy. This is sort of fun. Another boss fight has Snake diffusing bombs. I don't particulary care for this one because for the majority of the first half of the game it seems like you're going around making sure bombs don't go off in certain places. I don't want to continue doing the same thing during a boss fight. It also seems like there's an exceptionally long period between the first and second boss fight.In the original you had up to 11 or 12 boss fights, and they were more creative than the ones here, too. You had a helicopter battle, a sniper fight where you had to guide missiles through a winter forest to find the sniper, a battle with a large army tank, a fight with a ninja, a really fun fight with a HUGE mechanical robot where you were required to take down the big thing with stinger missiles, and more. The boss fights in Sons of Liberty come up short and feel uninspired compared to the original Metal Gear Solid.However, the one thing this game does better is that the guards you encounter are MUCH smarter this time around. You can't just walk by them- they will easily see and kill you if you dare to attempt that. This game encourages you to find the correct way to deal with each of the guards that happen to be in your way. Sometimes you have to stun them, and drag them out of the way because other guards might walk by and spot their dead bodies, and then suddenly a search for you will go out, which would then require you to find a way to get out of there and FAST. Smarter enemies in this game are certainly a nice welcome, and probably the only thing about the game worth mentioning.Some people say that walking around in first-person view makes this game better than the original Metal Gear Solid, but I don't buy that because it seems like EVERY game nowadays has a first-person view. The original was unique.Stick with the first Metal Gear Solid game if you are given a choice between the two. It's more exciting, and thankfully doesn't feature an overkill of cutscenes in all the wrong places. That's where Sons of Liberty fails, unfortunately. Too many unnecessary interruptions. Still, it's a pretty good game. Just not the "major improvement" we were led to believe.
This game begins with some serious promise, and some good old nostalgia with my good buddy snake.  I enjoyed playing as Raiden for the most part.  I was just pissed off that I didn't get to play as snake more instead of playing as Raiden like 90% of the time.Pros1.  The story and the graphics were really great.2.  The characters had some serious depth to them, and you were introduced to some old bad guys and good guys as well.Cons1.  There was a lot less boss fights and longer cutscenes in this game, and I didn't enjoy that at all.2.  You don't get to play as snake that much.  This game should have been called METAL GEAR RAIDEN.  Ughh.  Overall a fun game, but I wanted to play as Snake more.Overall this game was entertaining, and worth playing just to keep up with the series.  Also this game has one of the most epic boss fights in gaming history.  A sword fight with your adoptive father.  Enough said.Game on my Fellow Gamers.
I had a hard time getting into this game. For some reason it felt more like work than the distracting, fun experience I was looking for. Gameplay seemed convoluted and I had a hard time controlling the character's point of view. Weapon selection and use wasn't intuitive or comfortable. The overhead "radar" view of enemies didn't make sense to me. This game just wasn't very much fun for me to play, a disappointment.
OK, I like these types of games, but I feel that Metal Gear Solid, and Hitman II were 2 games that didn't live up to all the hype.However, I have to be fair:This release of Metal Gear Solid II is a pretty cool game, way better than the previous MGS game, and it offers the player some really cool moves, and cool gameplay...No doubt...but, I would have like to have spent MORE TIME PLAYING the actual game, than watching all the LONG, drawn-out movies throughout the game! It gets old, really fast! Every 3-5 minutes you're watching yet, ANOTHER video clip or movie....JEESH!!!While not my favorite military-type PS2 game, it's a decent game, fairly cool to play, but doesn't really deserve a 5-Star rating, in my view.
MGS2 is one of the best selling games in existence because of the type of game that is it. This is a counter-espionage game that relies more on your ability to conceal yourself than running around the place blasting the hell out of anything that moves (which you can do too if you want). For this reason the game becomes very realistic and the graphics and sound are all too genuine and do not make you feel anything less than actually being there doing what the character is up to at that point in time. The world that you are immersed in has rain, sun and smoke and bad guys patrolling the area. You have both hyper-realistic 1st person views and a third person overhead view as you run around the place. The amount of moves and their combinations are staggering and the actual movement of the character is unparalleled by any game of it type. Watch as you throw your character over a railing and move along the pipe with your hands while dangling over a huge ocean. Let go and watch in horror as you fall to your death. Amazing! The plot is coherent and there is plenty of story to boot but.......... the game design itself is terrible, terrible, terrible.MGS2 is by no means a disaster but unfortunately tries too hard to be a movie and less a game. The truth is that the vast majority, over 85%, of the game is spent watching video clips instead of gaming which is really what we want to do and is the reason why we bought MGS2 in the first place. There are so many video sequences in this game that all of the above suddenly crashes back down to the reality of holding a controller and watching the television screen as some video plays itself out. Sure you can skip it, but then two minutes later you find yourself back holding the controller and watching yet another video.... argghhh.... The other two major disappointments is that the game only takes place in ONE LOCATION - an oil rig, but it is huge! The other is that there are far too many calls and dialogues to go through on your communicator. Fans of the series may also not like the fact that the main protagonist in the first game has been replaced - however this is acceptable and does not detract from the experience.In short this is one of the most hyper-real games that you will ever play - the graphics are nothing short of stunning and the character moves are out of this world - but it is all marred by the terrible amount of video clips that you have to sit through. In short this detracts from the overall gaming experience and you will soon get bored with it. Play MGS2 -- ONLY --  if you have the time and the patients to sit through a three minute video every other minute of game play.
Everyone raves that this is the greatest thing since sliced bread.  Uhmm, no.  This game has great gameplay, but gameplay is only part of the game.  The rest is dominated by a horrible movie.  When I first popped it in, I was all excited.  Trudging through the fake weapons, the plot of characters I could care so little, the tired excuses to show artwork, just zapped all that.  The first two hours literally consists of 15 minutes of play.  No joke or exaggeration.  Of course, that's only the tip of the iceberg.  There are so many long drawn out interruptions that it ruined the rhythm of what would have been a good, though not great game.During the few interludes where you can actually play, you get to see a good game.  Even though I wish the movements and game was faster, it still combines many elements of platform, adventure, and first person shooter ups.  You have to use stealth, accuracy, thought, and quick reflexes to pass this game.  The very base of gameplay makes it enjoyableI do have some troubles with the controls.  First off, and this is picky, the X button should never, ever, be the abort button when it comes to the front end!  Every other game on earth uses it as the enter button to navigate menus, but not this game.  There are so many times where I was about to save it, only to be aborted for pressing X.  Also, swimming controls are just plain backwards and clumsy.  I struggled through the swimming scenes purely because of this.  Also, there are other things, like you'd be walking, and all of sudden you'd be flat against a wall just because you turned away from the wall.The general feel I got from the game was that all the effort was made to make it a movie, and then add the game as a side note.  There are only two parts, a ship, and a large complex.  The ship takes only an hour to finish, and the complex consists of about 10 structures that are pretty much similar.  That's it.  No complex environment, no contrasting views.  Basically, 80 percent of the game play takes place in gray metal rooms.Pros:Great gameplayCombines action, stealth, and puzzlesCons:Awkward controls (x button, swimming)Too many moviesYou will yell "Shut up" many times at your TVLack of variation in environmentsTime: 12 hoursFrustration: High (mostly from the interruptions)
While I liked Sonic Adventure I was not very keen on it's sequel or Sonic Heroes. The blue hedgehog and his pals simply do not belong in a 3D world and I was more than eager to get this game as it is a return to good old days of Sonic's previous incarnations on the Genesis.Everything you would have liked about the old Sonic is back. The level designs, the power-ups, the cool music and gameplay that next-gen consoles lacked.However fun the game is to play, it doesn't have much replay value. There are secret entrances in every level to the special stage and I only found one of them. Sorry, but I'm not going to replay every level looking for the special stages. The special stages themselves are kinda hard and there's no way I'd be able to get through all of them. Although turning into Super Sonic, as a result of winning them, would have been cool.Included on this cartridge is the Chao Garden. If you have a link cable to your Gamecube and you have Sonic Adventure 1 or 2, you can transport your Chao onto your Gameboy and keep it as a sort of Tamagochi. When transporting them a pipe will appear on both screens and suck them up and plop them down. It's really quite cool and one of the few reasons to keep going back to the game.Still, I will without a doubt be getting Sonic Advance 2 and 3, regardless.Graphics ASound AGameplay ALasting Appeal C
This game is a great game, first off.  The graphics are great, but dont show all of what the Game Boy Advance can do.  Second, there arent that mant levels in the game, and the game is very easy.  I love the sonic series, and i remember playing it on the genesis and dreamcast.  Only on this one, I can get through the first 8 levels in about 30 minutes with no trouble, while on the Genesis versions i cant get past the fourth level.  If you want a short game that you can beat in a really short amount of time, or giving this to a small child you should try this.  But if you have to decide, Super Mario Advance 2 is a much better pick.  It has 96 levels, and is one of the best games ever.
Don't get me wrong...I believe Blizzard was ahead of its time with Diablo (and they usually are).  The loot variety is pretty darn good for this game.  I bought the game, because I plan to get D3 and want to know the story.  However, it is very dated...movement, graphics, etc.  Not to say I didn't enjoy it, but I'm spoiled (I'll admit it).  Once I got past that, I was able to enjoy it.  Click away!
I played this game years ago, and always remembered that the cutscenes never played properly or at all. I've done a plethora of research on how to resolve the issue to no avail, and even checked the official Battle.net Blizzard support site, followed the steps, and still frozen cutscenes. Probably isn't a big deal to some, but for me, it is either all or nothing, and unfortunately, many PC games have the same problem to a certain extent, including Descent III, but the problems with this game are simply not fixable without having to invest in another computer made over ten years ago, or dual boot with Windows 95/98 or XP. Such a shame... My two cents.
First off all, I have nothing bad to say about the "game" at all. Diablo II and its expansion were a blast about a decade and a half ago when I was playing it with my high school friends and now that I'm replaying it is still very good. But......just don't bother playing this on ANY modern age PC. Seriously, don't waste your time.I should admit that I did get this to run on Windows 8 following the "tips" on the Blizzard website but it might as well not have worked at all. The frame rate skips caused by the Windows 8's XP compatibility mode (which is a JOKE if there ever was one) made the game borderline unplayable.Thankfully, I still had my old single core Windows XP desktop in my basement. Half an hour I was all set and yeah, the game ran perfectly on that ancient thing. I don't know why I hung onto that computer (probably because it was too old for anyone to be interested in using/buying it) but I'm glad I did!Look, I know this is a near fifteen year old game... but despite being an old game it deserves much more than this. On top of that I had NO problem getting the original Diablo to play once I had the patch from Blizzard's website. You'd think I'd have trouble with the older game, but no.Anyways, a great game but unless you have a spare computer from before the multi-core/Windows Vista days I would just not bother. If you are interested to the point of paying money beyond the price of the game I would suggest finding an older rig.
What was I thinking...the graphics are awful by today's standards. Ah well. I have to get back to Torchlight now.
Needed it for my collection, I have not played D2 when it came out.  I like playing it once in a while.
D2 has a LOT of good features. The graphics and sound effects are great. The character development is better than any which I have ever seen (I played AD&amp;D for the last twenty years, and I think that D2 has developed a better character system). The game is divided into four acts (five with expansion). The first three acts are fun, challenging, and not too hard. The fourth and fifth acts are just rediculously difficult. I find myself running my characters around in the third act in an attempt to beef them up, only to still find them far too weak to stand up to the hordes of far-too-difficult monsters in the fourth act.The only reason I have even SEEN the fifth act is because I have some &quot;hacked&quot; characters, which are ultra-powerful (one is a 93rd level paladin with about 3500 HP, and yes he has been killed on the hell difficulty level).The difficulty goes to the extreme with the Nightmare and Hell difficulty levels, and I don't know how anyone could ever beat them. A typical monster has over 1000 hp, and does hundreds of points of damage. At the same time, the experience point demands for advancing levels becomes sky-high. While the ammount you get for each monster becomes miniscule in compairison.All in all, a good game that needs to have the monsters toned down a bit.
I have to say, the whole nazi killing and world war 2 thing has gotten kinda boring. A year ago, I was excited for this game's release, and I am highly dissapointed.I had also been looking forward to RTCW, and this is a very good game. I have to admit, it is fun, but the story is dull, the violence is toned down, you have to play multiplayer on Gamespy Arcade, which swarms you with advertisements the instant you open it. I am highly dissapointed to see such a great game have so many downpoints, that I actually rated the game "so, so"The other thing is that the system requirements are way, and I mean way, to high. The system requirements are 500mhz with 64 megs of ram. My 500mhz P3 computer with 256 megs of ram doesn't cut it. If you think that your old computer will do the job, think again. My computer has done nothing but crash and freeze day and night. This is very strange because I also have a radeon 8500 GPU, which should also have done the trick.Except for the toned down violence, the gameplay is pretty good. (This game also has relitively bad AI too). Most of the time, the blood helps you out, and you find out if you have hit the person or not. I found it annoying when I thought I would kill someone and they would just run right up to me and shoot me dead.I like the choice of weapons in the game. You have machine guns, a rocket launcher, rifles, SMG's, pistols, and some far out grenades.To sum it all up, this game is good, but with many downsides and the system requirements are too steep. Hope this helps! This should be a good game on high end computers.
I would really love to have someone release a WWII shooter that actually felt like WWII.  And while EA likes to boast the realism, frankly that only goes as far as the weapons, the launguages and the location.  The game is 100% linear and 99% predictable, and after finishing it, I feel more like I have finished reading a book, not playing a game.  Honestly, the mistakes are so glaring that EA really could have made a better game if they would have tried harder.  This is definatly one you will need to try for yourself, and reach your own conclusions on.The GOOD:- Missions remain interesting throughout the game.- Some wonderfully scripted encounters, and occasionally you will get to see wonderful character actions in your allies as well as your enemies.- Nice range of American and German weapons, and fairly accurate noises.  Tanks are fairly life-like as are aircraft.- Lots of speaking (English and German).  Scripts are correct for the locations, and you don't run into situations where dead soldiers are carrying on conversations and such, as you do in some other titles.- Accurate uniforms (within reason).- Sniper rifles are accurate, powerful and fun (and there are plenty of opportunities to use them, if that is your thing).The BAD:- The graphics are not as good as, for example, Return to Castle Wolfenstein on the Xbox (I'm using a Nvidia GeForce4 64mb DDR video card), or as nice as Delta Force Blackhawk down (which is a better game).- When shot, your character's aim flies across the screen.  This may enhance the realism, but when you are confronted with multiple enemies it makes it virtually impossible to hit anyone and soon becomes incredibly annoying.- Enemies have certain locations from which they spawn, in fact you can find them and stand there and gun them down as they suddenly materialize.  Also, some enemies (like snipers) have not materialized until you step past a certain point (into their line of fire) and then they spawn and fire.- Cannot interact with surroundings (doors, windows, etc.)- Lack of blood (to maintain the Teen rating).- Very linear.The UGLY:- MG42/44 is lethal in the hands of the enemy, but when you have the opportunity to man one the bullets fly everywhere but where you are aiming, in fact, the machine gun is only slightly more effective than any of your standard arms, and much more frustrating to try and use.- Allied AI is NIL, and considering some of these guys are supposed to be Rangers...they just run into the open and fire then stop, then fire and stop again while they are being gunned down.  I was happy to see them get slaughtered so at least I could move (oh yah, you are stuck behind any obstacle as if it were twice as wide as it really is).- Enemies continue to rush you with no regard to their own casualties, and will even run from around a corner straight into your fire, requiring no effort from you to gun down entire squads.- Shrubbery and leaves will block your bullets, but not the bullets of the enemies, making Snipers almost impossible to kill unless you rush their positions.- Snipers are way too good (even when I knew exactly where they were they could see me before I could see them).- The signifigant lack of an ending of any sort is unforgiveable.  What did they do, just give up halfway through???
The reviews of Harvest Moon are mostly positive and mostly correct.  However, in this game each year you start from scratch as far as friendships go, so it does not have the lasting appeal of other versions.This version is fine if you want short games you don't really get attached to.  If you want a better Harvest Moon Experience, get the N64 version of Gameboy Advance version.  If all you have is a PS2, prepare to enjoy the game, but not for very long.
This is a Harvest Moon unlike any other in the series.  While Harvest Moon back to nature was hardly antying but a port souped up for the playstation, this one is totally different.  These graphics are amazing, from a first person viewpoint. It seems as if this harvest moon is for a mature audience, as it isnt near as sunny, in fact, it is misty and foggy in the whole game.  The enviroment takes alot to get used to, and you get alot of different things in the game you dont get from the other games.  But the huge complaint i have with this game is YOU CANT DATE GIRLS! Thats the most fun of the other games so why did they leave this out? they have plenty of space in the game, do they just not care? If i knew this before buying it, i would have definatley thought twice about buying it.  But it is a great game and you should check it out, especially if you are a fan of the others in the series.  But i think that if you are beginning, get Back to Nature first because its just a better game.
This is ok, itys exactly like the other games though, and the graphics are improved a little. But it takes hours to load, so I wouldn't buy it if you have any of the othjer Crash games, or you can't waiit the long load times.
O.k. I'm new to the whole Crash Bandicoot series so I'm not fully up to speed with it so I won't say too much about the game as a whole. Just the gameplay and everything else in between.I have to admit I liked this game. It's no Mario World but it's very challenging, very clean and crisp (the graphics are very good) and all out, I had fun with this game (except when my world was getting rocked by the battle ships with cannons and all I had was a little Dragonfly with a pea shooter).The thing that just bothered me about this game was the loading. It just took so long for you to start a level that is was ridiculous. It was slower than Legends of Wrestling. But atleast in return for the long loading, great graphics (very textured and full) and good gameplay gives this game a good thumbs up.I still think it's a 3 star game rather than a 4 or 5 because of the loading but other than that, EXCELLENT. Enjoy this one and when you're done, give it to your kids because I'm sure they'll have a good time with this title.
This is an excellent game gameplay wise. The graphics are spectacular and the music is the usual Crash Bandicoot style stuff. The controls are easy to pick up. They even added a few new types of levels (i.e. rolling crash bandicoot. Imagine super monkey ball with crash inside the ball :)). It is kind of short, but what is there is extremely fun (although sometimes irritating). The reason I gave this game a 3 star rating is because of two things. The first is the load times. It takes (on average) 45 seconds-1 min to load each level. This wouldn't be bad, but that brings me to the second problem. There is no loading bar, so you can't see how much longer it's gonna be. Plus, while you are waiting for it to load, this annoying alarm type noise plays. Now, put all that together and imagine sitting there for a minute not knowing how much longer they are gonna torture you with that annoying noise. This prevented me from beating the game because I refused to wait for the loading screen. I have heard that the gamecube version is much better with the load times, although I wouldn't know because I didn't want to buy the same game for two systems. Definately buy this game if you are a Crash Bandicoot fan, but I reccommend the GCN version instead of the PS2 version.
I really enjoy Crash Bandicoot games. The Wratch of Cortex was also enjoyable in its way, but there were too many frustrations for me to really be enthusiastic about it. There are 30 levels in the game, including the bosses. If you have ever played a Crash Bandicoot game before, then you will find everything you have come to expect from one. You are in a 2.5-D world, sometimes side-scrolling, sometimes a third person view from the front or behind, and sometimes using one of the game's numerous modes of transportation (i.e. biplane, mine cart, dune buggy, etc.). If you were expecting improved graphics, then your expectations will be pleasantly fulfilled. The game moves very smoothly through some beautiful environments.So what are my complaints? First, Crash seems harder to control than I remember from his previous adventures. I think one of the biggest factors in this are the camera angles. Sometimes it seems that the camera is too close so that you cannot see everything around you, and then sometimes it seems too far away and it is hard to judge the depth of your enemies. I think I noticed this the most on the levels where you have a front view of Crash and he is being chased by something behind him. The camera seems to be in way too close, so that nitro crates, holes, and other obstacles just jump out in front of you, forcing you to die a million times while you memorize the route you have to take. Second, some of levels tended to be repetitive. Granted, I did enjoy some of the newer levels. There were a couple of short sections of levels where you got to ride a mine cart, which was fun. There were also three levels where you were rolling through the level inside a sphere, giving it a marble madness feel. I would have liked to see more levels like these rather than the underwater and biplane levels that seem to pop up repeatedly in every single game in the series. Third, the bosses were just painful. I may be biased because I really do not like bosses, but these ones seemed more annoying than usual. Lastly, the loading times were the worst I have ever seen in any video game. You have spend at least a minute or so staring at a loading screen every time you enter and leave a level. I was actually discouraged from playing this game many times because I knew how much time would be wasted on loading screens.Of course a Crash Bandicoot game would not be complete without the gems and relics. After you beat a level, you can replay it and try to open every box in the level to win a gem, or race through the level and beat a set time to win a relic. Once you beat the final boss you are granted access to a secret room with 5 extra levels that are earned by winning relics from the levels. This could be interesting if you actually have the patience to play through all the levels over again.I might have given this game 4 stars had it not been for the hideous loading times. It got so ridiculous that I would start flipping channels during the loading screens because I got so bored. Aside from that, this is a pretty adequate helping of Crash if you have enjoyed previous games.
To start off the game shows us just how great the PS2 graphics can be. I don't know if this is because Konami helped out with this or what but the game certainly lacks in what the first three on the PS1 surely had, and that my friends is gameplay.Crash returns in this game to once again battle Cortex.  The formula for Crash isn't changed much at all but this game suffers from what the first one suffered from.  That my friends is Tedious load times.  It takes a minute just to enter a level for crying out loud!  The load times of this game definitely make this game suffer.The in-game levels are fun, but are immenesly populated. Not just with enemies but with obstacles too.  Some levels are also extrememly lengthy and it seems like your going to ask the question &quot;Are we there yet?&quot; several times.Awkward camara angles in conjunction to enemy placements and platform placements was a pain.  The camara would be at an awkward angle and you'd think the platform was in front of you, but you end up having to move to the right or left a bit.  By the time you figure it out you'll probably have died several deaths that could've been avoided.As usual the controls are very easy to learn and shouldn't be a problem to get the hang of.  But sometimes the response of the controls can cause you to lose sometimes.Overall this wasn't a bad game but it certainly wasn't a good game either.  The series lost its edge of solid gameplay and went down to the frustrating level.
The game is average in just about all aspects: graphics, gameplay, and storyline. The game doesn't provide anything over the standard Mario-type-smashing-crates-and-collecting-fruit game, but is still fun, nonetheless, and provides a good amount of play time. Many of the levels are too challenging for younger players. There are some levels where the player &quot;dies&quot; by missing a jump, falling into water, and drowning. I thought the image of the character floating face down in the water wasn't appropriate for younger kids. For the most part, though, it will provide entertainment for all ages.
I liked it enough to play it all the way through [and i have no patients for games and will drop them on day one if they're not up to par] this game is short, which, for me in this game is a plus, because if it had gone on for much longer I would have eventually gotten bored of it not long after.  But, it's a fun game, at a great price. [just no GOD OF WAR!!!!!!]
Once again Shinji Mikami has successfully made money off of someone else's ideas. Just like Simon Belmont or Alucard, in Devil May Cry you are a Supreme hero summoned to follow in your father's footsteps to rid the world from Evil. ... Instead of saying, "Die Monster, you don't belong in this world!" you say, "Flock off feather face, or you can stick around and find out the hard way!"This game is a IN YOUR FACE arena of firepower and gore. All you do is run around and kill everything that's stupid enough to move. You are a collector of very original guns, such as the Rocketlauncher, shotgun, and pistols. You obtain a very small percentage of swords, which can't even be upgraded. You can, however, buy yourself some extra abilities, which are fun and easy to utilize. You have the option to buy additional items as well, such as Holy Water (CastleVania) which kills everything in sight. Your money, is blood in the form of gems, that you extract from the enemies you kill. (more CastleVania)The puzzles....what am I saying? There are no puzzles. Just get your gun and sword, and turn your enemies into toss salad. I beat the game in 11 hours, when at the same time I was beating Grand Theft Auto 3. Rent Devil May Cry; finish it, and later forget about it. The groudwork of this game is as empty as it's soul.
This is one of the most boring games I've played. The storyline is almost nonexistent, the fighting is very repetitive, and the puzzles are extremely simple. The graphics are nice but far from perfect. The controls are frustrating due to a horrible camera system. The sound is the only decent part of this game. So out of a perfect 5.0 I give it:Graphics: 3.5Sound: 4.5Control: 3.0Fun Factor: 3.0
If you like comics and the updated style of Batman cartoons, you'll really like the look of this game. The art directors did a great job keeping the feel of the show, and the video inbetweens (cinematics) are really good. In fact, getting to see the next one is incentive to keep playing. And while the in-game graphics obviously aren't as polished as the pre-rendered parts, they're still pretty good, staying true to the cartoon. The opening mix of gameplay and cinematics is very dramatic.The controls could be better. Particularly when you're flying the batplane or driving the batmobile. In fact, the batplane section, so far, has been the weakest part of the game for me, with the batmobile/car chase a close second. Plus, running around QUAKE-style, shooting bat-a-rangs is a little boring.Some of the in-game directions could use work, too. Some objectives aren't particularly clear at first...they should have tested the gameplay on people who didn't work on it.My hope is that response will be strong enough for a streamlined sequel, with better overall controls, deeper fighting combinations, and the ability to bat-grapple wherever you'd like. The game isn't particularly hard, and it felt kinda lame beating up Mr. Freeze's thungs, who are all young women! (...who manage to be tougher than Joker's big thugs).Essentially, this game isn't nearly as puzzle oriented as TOMB RAIDER, but it makes up for it somewhat in overall style. If you see it used for $30-35, definitely pick it up. (Each star is worth $10.)
... it's definitely not intended for the younger ones. It really is just too difficult. I'm 25 and I loved playing it, loved some of the challenging jumps and timing moves and puzzels. I thought it compared pretty close to Tomb Raider, with some other neat features added in.However, my friend's 6-year-old (who eats and sleeps Batman and Superman) played it for about an hour and handed me the controller at least a half-dozen times to help him out before becoming frustrated and moved on to a different game.If this is for a younger gamer, RENT FIRST!
This is a fairly decent remake of Batman and his adventures in Gotham.  The plotline attempts at Metal Gear Solid, but the story is far too predictable.  The controls are slightly awkward and sporadic.  Batman moves similarly to Lara Croft in Tomb Raider: Chronicles, and you have to constantly adjust the camera with the R1 button.  But Batman is more hyper than Lara and runs exceptionally fast.  You have to control his movements with finesse. The music in the game is also well-selected, and gets you into the whole Batman episode that you are attempting to defeat.  The action of beating up thugs and bosses is actually fairly decent, but the whole jumping puzzles are plain annoying.  And, please be prepared to do a lot of jumping puzzles in this game.  Another major flaw is the control of the vehicles, the Batplane and Batmobile.  The Batplane is like flying a simulator (e.g., Ace Combat, Star Wars: Rebel Assault, etc.).  However, the Batmobile is just plain clumsy.  The Batmobile can only drive within specific streets, and you don't have the ability to explore Gotham. The sound effects are also done pretty well, with the thugs sounding like the show.  Furthermore, the save feature could be worked upon.  There is really no in-game saving (like Metal Gear Solid).  Lastly, you really don't have the freedom to explore the city as I expected.  In this way, the freedom of the game resembles Metal Gear Solid, Tomb Raider or any of the other action/adventure titles out there.Although this game isn't great, it's worth [money].  The cinematics are well worth it with the voices of Kevin Konroy and Mark Hamill.  Even the lip-synching of the characters are well-done.  Although this game is no Spider-Man, it does fulfill the Batman quota -- barely with very little room to spare.
Batman Vengence ranks only slightly higher than the PS2 game Orphen (Which I cannot even give away), and for the same reasons, just less severe.There are two problems that keep this game from being a great game (besides the pathetic gameplay).  The first is too many FMVs (Full Motion Videos) and not enough play.  It seems like 70% of the time I am looking at a movie, or a progressbar (I hate watching statusbars, anyone who is in Electronic Pre-Press knows why).  And if that wasn't bad enough, the graphics are not the quality one should expect of a PS2 game.
but i took 8 hours on this one , i like some of the puzzles and the only boss that kinda got to me was mister freeze this game was a walk through i enjoy being a dark crusader , it has its set backs the graphics sucks and the story was less than interesting the gas works was fun my friends overated the difficulty this game was fun not the best out there but worht playing rent it i wish i did......... i actually bought it so good luck laterzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
A couple of years ago, I bought Road Rage, and I finally decided to share my thoughts on this fun but not very good game. So far, the Simpsons franchise has released many games. The Simpsons is the longes running and best T.V. series in history, but the games, unfortunately, are not one for the record books. Many years ago, in the early 1990s, The Simpsons for arcades was released. The game was quite fun, but did not capture the feel of the Simpsons. Then came The Simpsons wrestling, for the Playstation. The game was fun, but got boring quickly, very similar to Road Rage. And as far as the Simpsons Skateboarding goes, I won't even get into how bad that game is. Now, the problem with Road Rage is that it is not a fresh formula. Instead, it is merely a Crazy Taxi clone, with The Simpsons. While the game was as enjoyable as Crazy Taxi, any fan of Crazy Taxi became bored because they had already played the same game in a different style. Road Rage is not a bad game, it just really doesn't give the Simpsons video games that extra boost that they need. The Simpsons Hit and Run was recently released.(Check out my preview on that.)It is just like Vice City, except in the Simpsons world. Of course, it is not as violent. However, Hit and Run is the best Simpsons game ever made, so get that instead of Road Rage. But I won't lie to you. Any hardcore fan of the series should give Road Rage a look, even just a rental. But get Hit and Run instead! 'Nuff said! This is one game that Marge would frown at, and Bart would love. Decide which you are like!My Rating:7.0.
Road Rage is simply Crazy Taxi with the Simpsons liscense.  You drive around Springfield with various Simpsons characters and taxi them to where they need to go.  It's nice for Crazy Taxi fans, because you get a LOT of territory to explore and play in, but the levels just aren't as much fun as the game that inspired them.  There are no great moments like CT's San Fran hills, and the streets in Road Rage tend to look all alike.The Simpsons liscense isn't used as well as it could have been here.  The cars look cel-shaded but nothing else is, and it gives the game a kinda confused, bland look to it.  Driving around Springfield to see the church or the elementary school  or other famous places from the show is not at all compelling, mainly because they often don't look like the show at all.  Each character has a few comments to say to every other character, so there is alot to hear, but only some of it is funny or even in character.The story/mission mode is the weakest, and also highlights the game's big weakness, its loooooong load times.  I often had to wait 2 minutes to play a 24 second drill, which is just stupid and totally kills the game.  Stick to taxi mode.Rent this game unless you are a major Simpsons or Crazy Taxi fan.
I enjoyed this game but after awhile it got old. I definately recommend it just to mess around, not to be taken seriously. The voices are good and it has decent graphics. This is a game to get to keep your kids entertained for hours.
THE SIMPSON'S ROAD RAGE starts off really fun and exciting. The premise of the game is that Mr. Burns has bought the Springfield bus transit system and it's causing more chaos in Springfield than normal. So, the citizens (led by Homer) decide to fight back and buy back the bus system. They start their own taxi service and need to raise a million dollars to buy the buses back from Burns. There are a total of six levels, five of which can be unlocked as you earn more money. Also, as you earn more money you can unlock more vehicles. Different characters drive the different vehicles. As you drive along, you can smash into lots of different things: knocking over trees, billboards, mailboxes, signs, etc. This game is great to play if you're a Simpsons fan because you get to see Springfield in much more detail than you do on the show. The negatives about the game are that it is quite repetitive and it takes an extensive long haul or a tedious intensive amount of game play (depending on how much time you have and you're gaming style) to beat the game. The sayings each character says are funny at first but after the 100th time of hearing the characters say the same thing, it becomes somewhat annoying. Also, you have to have 2 game cards to play the multiplayer mode and when you only have one game card and two people want to play, it can be aggravating. The game also has a slow load up time so that after you finish a round, it takes about 3-5 minutes before you get to play again.There is a mission mode on the game as well. It consists of 10 differet missions that are fairly easy to beat (I thought Grandma at the dam and Homer at Burns' mansion were the most difficult levels). If you beat all 10 levels a secret vehicle is unlocked.THE SIMPSONS ROAD RAGE can be a lot of fun to play. It's basically an average racing video game that's more interesting because of the characters and setting. However, it would make a nice gift for any Simpsons fan and is fun to play on a rainy day.
If you put all your other gmaes aside, you can EASILY beat this game is 2 hours. I did all 9 challenges in the first level in 2 runs. The second level in about 3. The level Canada is too good to be true. I EASILY got 500,000 points in it. This is how to, go straight and turn right when u can. Go off the half pipe and do a kickflip+720 melon grab to revert to a nose manual +360 flip and blunt slide grind that rail, land in a manual then do a kickflip. tat should give you about 100,000. When thats done, do the same about 5 times just instead of melon do another grab trick so the points would add up.I got to the last level in 20 minutes. Then the last level is frustrating. i finally beat it and put the game aside. I reached for gta3 and wasted 2 another 2 hours with that.If ur looking for a short game, buy this.If ur looking for a SUPER FUN and challenging game, get gta3. If u dont have gta3, then u dont have a ps2 becuase a gta3 and vice city make a ps2 the best system.
I was a huge fan of THPS2 on Dreamcast.  I think I beat the game with every character and opened up all the secret levels.  So naturally when I bought my PS2 I ran out and grabbed THPS3.  Well at first it was great.  Same great style and fun to play but after I gotinto it I realized that it was just the same game in some new levels.  Now the levels were more creative than 2's but they were not as compelling to play.  In fact I downright hated many of the levels you got to.  There were few improvements over 2, just the revert eveyone talks about and the create-a-park was pretty much the same.  I never really got into this version and I beat it through in a few days and gave it on to a friend.  I can't wait to pick up THPS4 because that is where they really make strides in bettering this already great series.
I played this game half year ago, and I have to say for me, an ace combat 3 fan, this game comes as a bit of dissapointment. Not that it's not good or anything, it's just not as good as I expected it would be. For one thing, it does not has a fasinating storyline as ac3 had. The players cannot interact with the world like what we did in ac3, we merely see the story unravels from two points of view, and the story is really way too simple. And the result is the game is really short, you can beat it under 10 hours if you have played its predecessor or you are an experienced gamer
This is one of the few flight sim fixes you can get on the PS2, but flight sim fans be warned, this is not a true flight sim. It's a bit &quot;arcadie&quot; to be a sim.I liked this game right up to the second to the last battle. The whole &quot;Megalith&quot; thing rubbed me the wrong way. In fact, so did the Stone Henge thing too. I would have prefered more realistic campaignes.What it comes down to is this is a warning for flight sim fans to rent this title first.
Reading the early reviews of this game, I got angry at all the negativity surrounding it.  I loved the first Smackdown games, and figured the next generation on PS2 HAD to be fabulous...but now that I've had the game and played it for awhile, I can see where they were coming from.First off, the game is graphically beautiful...the only exception perhaps being the 2-D crowd, which looks pretty silly when your character goes into the crowd to fight.  Entrances are true to what you see on TV, and the music &amp; videos on the TitanTron are fabulous.  The create-a-wrestler mode is big, with tons of options, even some you need to unlock.  There are dozens of game modes including Royal Rumble, which can now handle around 8 in the ring at the same time, and Hell in a Cell with tag-teams, fatal 4-ways and even a 6-pack type match...it rocks to climb to the top of the ring and fight or jump off, and pancaking Tazz through the top of the cage was awesome!!!  The many other modes are great, and will provide variety in gameplay.The Story mode is the 'main' part of the game...you pick a character and guide them through to the title.  Trouble is, the title is usually only 2-3 matches away...too short.  A career/season mode would do better.  You can walk around the arena at certain times, but this is generally pretty pointless as you usually are just looking for a tag team partner, and once you find one, nobody else is around the building, giving you nothing interesting to do.Controls are not that great, as trying to find a specific opponent can be rough.  You can attack your partner or the ref, and you will frequently do this accidentally during a match because you can't quite tell who you just scrolled to.  In matches where you have multiple opponents, this can cost you the match as you could get squashed by your true opponent while trying to find another.  Personally, I often find myself launching a simple kick or punch when I think I'm close enough, then wind up missing altogether and getting nailed...perhaps it's a perception problem on my part, but this adds to the frustration factor.Commentating from Tazz &amp; Michael Cole is ok...repetitive and pointless often, &quot;(Fill-in-the-wrestler's name)...is different from other superstars&quot; and other pieced-together phrases don't make much sense, but I learned to ignore the commentators after awhile (ps - Tazz does commentary for his own matches).Overall, this game entertained me, but won't have the shelf life it could/should have.  The create &amp; exhibition modes somewhat make up for a lackluster Story mode, but you can only have so many meaningless exhibition matches...good for multiplayer games, as a one-player will wind up collecting dust after a few weeks.
First of all, I just have to say I'm a WWF fan.  I watch all their shows all the time.  This game is the best WWF game there is SO FAR.The hair on wrestlers with long hair (Kane, Y2J, Lita...) are just joke!  They look 2D and seem out of place from the rest of the body.  The characters themseleves look close enough to the real person.  The character animation is good.......P>The controls take awhile to get used to.  I prefer fighting in one on one battles instead of fighing more people because it's really hard to fight more than one person.  It's hard to tell who you're locked on to and you may just end up fighting the ref.The story mode is a joke!  You fight 3 or 4 matches before it ends.  Some story!  You get a little branching paths to deside which belt you want but they're all basically the same.  The only reason you would want to keep playing it is to unlock the secret items. ...There are a lot of matches in the game.  Tag, royal rumble, hell in the cell, TLC, iron man, i quit, etc.  This is the part you would probebly play the most.  It's funner to just  play those matches instead of the story mode.The last thing in this game is the Create a Superstar mode.  You can unlock extra things from the story mode to add to your character.For my final say, this game is just fun to play with your friends or once in awhile.  It gets boring quick.  In order to improve this game, they need to make the story mode much BETTER and LONGER.  The WWF type storylines you see on tv are NO WHERE to be found in this game.  I was hoping you would get to go to all the PPVs and shows.  Instead you do: RAW, Smackdown!, Wrestlemania and then that's the end.  WWF fans should not waist their money to just play as their favorite wrestlers.  Save it for the expensive PPVs instead.
+: Lots of guns and gadgets+: Splendid talking style+ and -: Evolved nicely from Goldeneye but not that much+ and -: Nice way of earning codes but aren't as cool as Goldeneye's-: Graphics don't look all that great-: It's shorter than Goldeneye?: What happened to holding two guns at once??: Why is it that when there is no use of the vehicle, the mission ends and why don't all of them be controlled manually?(Unlike Halo, where you control them yourself all the time, plus missions are far from over when you get out of them.)
This game features the worst PS2 controls I've ever seen. The levels are incredibly linear and unoriginal. The &quot;James Bond&quot; looks like a Roger Moore knockoff and sound like none of the movie Bonds.The first-person shooting levels were awful.This game's only saving graces were the driving sequences and the cut scenes.I have yet to play a 007 game (Including Goldeneye) that lived up to what it could have been.This game is worth renting, but pass on buying it, unless it's in the bargain bin.
Everyone knows how great Goldeneye was for the N64.  Most people will admit that the formula was taken to its last-gen limit with Perfect Dark.  What is it that game developers can not figure out?  Many gamers, myself included, want an engaging 1st-Person Shooter that will offer a fully interactive and programmable multi-player.  The Bond franchise might as well be canned after this escapade.  As a previous reviewer stated, the last four have been lacking in gameplay and inspiration.  If the Perfect Dark: Zero game doesn't pick up the slack, then I'm buying an XBOX just to play HALO.That said, this game does make the PS2 leap successfully in terms of graphics.  The women are gorgeous, the scenery is believable and the facial expressions of all those involved are honestly the best I've ever seen in a game.  The driving levels are also quite a bit of fun.  This adventure does have its merits, but is too short, too easy, too uninteresting past five levels.I advise you pick it up used for less than $30.  That's about what it's worth.  I would love to pay $100 for a decent update of Goldeneye that would tap the power of the PS2.  Ho-hum...
EA focused on making this feel like a Bond movie, and they tried too hard. The innuendo and cutscenes are so force fed that the action plays second fiddle. instead of letting enemies ambush you. Can't find the grate you need to get through the level?Don't worry, the idiot cam will zoom to show you where it is. And if you need a keycard, a half naked girl will hand it right over after you spew a pickup line, of course. The gadgets also get too much facetime. You'll often spend more time cycling through an endless menu of gizmos than firing your gun. Many levels feel like they were designed entirely around the gadget of the week. Just wait til you use the Q claw cell phone that turns you into a british spiderman and theQ jet that makes you look like a suitwearing Rocketeer. Inspector Gadget, anyone? To make matters worse, being Bond like causes the first notes of his theme to blare. Shoot a barrel that explodes: Da da da daaaa. Melt a padlock with the Q laser: Da da da daaaa! Luckily, the fun multiplayer modes and Spy Hunter lite driving sequences aren't as annoying. They make this disappointment rentable, but i shouldn't have expected a lot from something subtitled Agent Under Fire. That's like naming a NASCAR game Racer Drives Fast.
Well, whenever someone sees &quot;James Bond&quot; on a game, its probably gonne be picked up. Well, I was walking around at blockbuster, and that exact same phenomenon happend to me. I took it home, popped it in, and began the first mission. I was at parts amazed, at parts extremely disapointed while playing &quot;007: Agent Under Fire.&quot; (by EA Games).1. Gameplay: Okay...but not very good in a lot of parts. First, it just feels too easy. You go around shooting people who don't usually shoot back. The game is based on AUTO-AIM, which really kills gameplay.  The people don't look half as good as they should, and missions overall are short and easy. There isn't much of a variety of guns. There is hardly any ammo, and for that case, what you come with isn't very much. The guns aren't very creative either. Just a handgun, maybe a rifle here or there.Vehicles: You normally control just one or two every 5 levels. One time you get to control a car with a ton of weaponry, but it's gets old after awhile. The ability though, when you have an assistant in the car, to shoot from the headroof was extremely COOL. That was one of the few places you got all kinds of guns. Vehicles are here, they're just not that common.Story: Pretty good; it actually has one at least. You must save a hostage, escape the terrorists, take out people in stealth, break into the room, etc... It actually went by a story line, but the [bad] part was Jame's girlfriend gets...2. Graphics: Decent, but not good. People's hands don't have 5 fingers, the backgrounds and guards and such don't have faces. Bullet marks disapear after going into the wall. No weather factors, collapsing buildings, etc... The graphics here were, once again, good, NOT GREAT! Better than most PS2 games, but way short of awsome!3. Sound: Probably the best part of the game. The voice acting (while people's mouths don't move when they talk) is excellent. The sounds of gun shells falling to the floor after re-loading brings the gameplay alive! The cars squel when they start fast, explosions rock the screen. Overall, it's pretty good. The music in the background is...BOND, of course. The sound was the best part of the game in my opinion, that and:Multiplayer: Very fun! The levels are fairly large, and the variety of weapons is huge! From jump packs, canons, bazukas, shot guns, snipers, handguns, etc...there are tons of guns. The game keeps score, and you can work as a team in 4-player; 2 on 2 combat! There are life vests to keep your health up, and the overall gameplay is good. I loved only one part of this game. it was the multiplayer!This game, overall, is a good game in terms of how much is costs (a twenty should cover it at most stores). Persounally, I'd buy it for the multiplayer, not the story mode. Something to chill on the couch and play with yours buds in multiplayer, or even watch someone breeze through the story in a matter of an hour or two. This game is a blast in some ways, and a MAJOR disapointment in others. I plan on buying it...maybe (after renting it for a week, not really sure).Thx!obryanstars*
This game is one of Xbox's best.  The graphics are great and so is the sound.  Now, on the other hand, the controls are something to get used to.  I found them to be really frustrating at times.  But, as with everything else, you get better with practice.  If you like first person shooter, then this game is for you.
Halo is still concidered by many to be the best title for XBox.  I do not agree.  While Halo is arguably the best launch title for any console ever released, it simply has been bettered many times since launch.  Many who bought their XBox and Halo together are reluctant to admit that Halo is good, but not great as Halo is the game that gave them the XBox that they love.  It is a good game, just not great.  Levels are repetitive, the enemy AI is weak and works more on overwhelming by force than by tactics, and the vehicle control is strange at best, a detriment at worst.  Halo brings nothing new to the FPS style, and by now, things have been done better more than once.  I am not a Halo hater, I actually enjoy reading the books more than playing the game.  Halo 2 shows promise at the time of this review, but it is still a ways out.
first off it is a pretty good game but it has some down flaws.one of them is there isnt damage on the warthog or the tank i mean like if shoot  a tank or a warthog with any weapon it doesnt even put a scartch on them that takes realistic out of the game.The other one is the warthog never runs out of ammo that takes even more realistic out of the game.i hope halo 2 is better.good game but its dissapointing on the realistic stuff.
hmm i waited a couple of years after this was released to pick it up on pc, and i was not impressed. it was just another shooter. doom3 also seemed like...just another shooter. i was extremely impressed with half-life 2 however, but i really can't say what all the fuss was about with halo. i actually never finished it, despite being pretty far along in the game...i just got too bored with it.
I play PC Halo quite a bit despite shortcomings.  I would rate the single player game a 4 out of 5.  It loses a point for some repetitive play and its short length.  I would like to concentrate, however, on the multiplayer game, which I rate a 3 out of 5 -- and that is being generous.  If you were to list the "glitches" in Halo PC it will add up into the hundreds.  Yes, it's fun, but it is VERY buggy.There are so many problems with Halo PC that it would take pages and pages to outline each one.  I will list below a few below.1) The year is 2552.  I guess we haven't made much progress on vehicle design and operation.  The warthog overturns way too easily.  The ghost and banshee get "stuck" on corners.  A banshee going full speed is stopped dead by a branch of leaves and it sounds like it hit a rock.  Okay.2) In the PC game, we often get the "mystery of the half-flipped vehicle."  Shoot a warthog from a distance with a heavy weapon and you will often see the vehicle begin to flip over only to instantly right itself and continue going as if nothing at all happened.  Okay.3) Forced Flag pick-up in CTF.  If you get too close to the flag, you are FORCED to pick it up, even if you don't want to.  This nullifies your weapons.  It would be much better to have to press an "action key" to pick up the flag.  Many a people have been killed because they accidentally picked up the flag.4) The "reacquire flag" bug.  If you have the flag and want to drop it in order to shoot an opponent, good luck.  As soon as you drop it, you will instantly pick it up again.  Even if you try to throw it, you will pick it up again.  Even if you run forward and throw the flag and then back up, you will pick it up again.  Many a people have been killed because they reacquired the flag when they didn't want to.5) Are rockets propelled by rubberbands?  They go so slowly, you'd think so.6) Want to drive a ghost or warthog in a base.  Better be careful.  Even though your head height in the vehicles is many feet below the ceiling, you can't see.  You get all kinds of vision interference.  Hard to steer or shoot if you can't see.7) So how did you get up there?  That's what you might ask when you see people in the sky.  Yeah, it's a "sealing glitch" that can be taken advantage of, if you know how.8)  You can usually make a kill with one rocket, or two fuel rod hits.  But if you really want a powerful weapon, use your fist.  You can follow an opponent up a ladder and hit him in his feet and instantly kill him.  A hit in a foot is more powerful than a rocket or fuel rod or sniper rifle.  Yeah, that makes sense.9)  What about the dud granades?  Yep... sometimes you can throw a nade and it won't blow...this often happens if you die after you throw the nade.  Not all nades are the same strength either, it appears.  Sometimes a nade will blow right at the feet of an opponent and won't kill.  Other times, it blows 20 ft. away and WILL kill.  Never really know what you're getting.10)  The "run-over" glitch.  Very frustrating glitch that occurs when you head in a vehicle straight for an opponent only to find when you hit him, he will disappear and reappear about 20 feet away unharmed.  Sometimes this can happen over and over again as you try to hit him.  Another glitch is when you apparently DO hit an opponent and you see him fly in the air about 50 feet -- only to suddenly disappear and reappear on the ground unharmed.  Some will say this is a "lag" problem, but I find this happening all the time with my 1.5 mb line at under 75 ping.11) What is all this Tking!  It appears there is no adequate method to deal with it.  I'd say at least half of all games have Tkers on them.  And if that's not bad enough, there are the spys.12) The spies change teams for a short period to see what the defenses are or to find where a flag is hidden.  Then they change back and let their teammates know what's up.13) Watch out, you may get the boot.  You might be thinking I'm talking about Tking too much.  Nope.  If you're "too good" the admin of the server may just boot you right off.  A lot of games are "stacked" so that the admin's team will always win.  They just boot the good players off the opposing team.  Happens all the time.  On a bad day, I can get booted off five or more times by the admin just because I have "too many kills" or I killed the admin.  Okay.14) Stupid Rules.  Sometimes you just have to laugh at some rules people make up.  "No driving vehicles,"  "No using fuel rods or rockets"  "No camping."  That one is the funniest.  You CANNOT play defense...it's not fair.. LOL.  "This is only an offensive game.  No defense is allowed."  LOL.  When that is said, just ask what "camping" is.  You will probably get an answer like.  "It's standing still."  Or  "It's staying in a location too long."  So you can't stop running or hide behind a rock or a tree... or wait for a ride.  It gets so ridiculous that you just have to laugh at the stupidity of the players on your server.15)  The "following behind" glitch.  When facing an opponent guns are much more accurate.  It is possible to kill an opponent with full health and shield in 3 pistol shots -- even from 50 ft away.  But running "behind" an opponent is completely different.  I have run behind an opponent as close as only 10 feet away and pumped more than 30 rounds into his head without a kill.  Doesn't seem to matter if they're head shots or body shots.  No kill.16)  The "stuck in the wall" glitch.  Sometimes a tank or warthog or ghost can break the plane of a wall and get "stuck."  Once stuck, there is no way to break it loose.  The vehicle is lost.  One game I played had no less than five vehicles all stuck in walls.  Again, poor design.Since I'm running out of time, I'll stop here.  It may sound to you as if I don't like Halo multiplayer.  That's not true.  In fact, I still play it more than any other online game.  However there are so many bugs and issues with it that, even though it is usually fun, I have to knock off a few points for some of the shortcomings.  Some might argue that ALL games have some glitches.  True... but not to this extent.  These bugs are mostly confined to the PC version of Halo, not the Xbox version.  Hopefully, Halo 2 for PC with be much less buggy.  I rate it a 3 out of 5.
Game starts off good, but many of the missions get soo damn repetitive. Going through the same bland covenant hall ways gets really boring. &quot;The Flood&quot; was just a bad idea and you don't get to use vehicles or team mate help very often. Like 80% of the game is indoors and the indoor environments look really bland and un-imaginative. The outdoor environment are nice though. Most people think this game is great because of the multiplayer aspect. But the single player game should matter the most. The game is average.
FUZION FRENZY IS A PARTY GAME U  NEED A CASE OF BEER AND A BOTTLE OF TEQUILA AT BEST.WHEN U DISCOVER THE 45 DIFFERENT GAMESTO PLAY YOUR BOUND TO FIND A FEW YA LIKE OR GET BLITZED PLAYING.AS FOR OVERALL ITS JUST ANOTHER  PARTY GAME.
This is microsoft's first (and only?) party-game.  Through the round you play minigames for orbs.  At the end of the round is a fusion frenzy, where you bet or bank your orbs.  You then try to get as many orbs into a scoring zone as you can to get points.  Whoever has the most points at the end of the rounds (2, 4, or 6), wins the game.Each level has its unique minigames.  At the military base you drive tanks, the waterfront level has bumper boats.  But many of the minigames are very similar.The graphics are OK, although the camera angle zooms out so far it's often hard to make out what's going on.  The sound is OK as well, but you can play with music you've saved on your x-box, which is nice.Nintendo started the party-game genre with Mario Party, and Fusion Frenzy is a far cry from being nearly as fun.  This definately is not a game to play by yourself, so don't bother unless you have a roommate/spouse/sibling that you know will play this with you.
Truely Microsoft could have done A LOT better on this title, the power of Xbox should be expressed within their own first racer at a launch, and I will say they didn't provide us with that.  The game plays like any normal racer out there, but I do suggest another racer other than this one, it's rank and not my taste in a game.  Replay value is fairly high and should keep you busy for a while, if you don't go to sleep first, rent before purchase.
After hearing all the hype on this game I decided to give it a try.Graphics:The graphics in this game are the best I have seen in any racer yet. the cars and the cities look amazingly real and the cars show off a showroom shine and reflects all lights that come from the city around them. The details are amazing as well. Your driving can be actually seen shifting gears as you speed down the city streets. The cities show off spectacular lighting effects and even have logos of popular resturants.Sound:Next to the Graphics the sound is the second best part of this game. Different vehicles have different engine noises. The Ferraris gives off a high pitched roar while other cars have lower sounding engines. Everytime you shift you can hear the engine actually changing gears and it is pretty realistic sounding. Aside from the cars, you have a wide range of music tunes to choose from while your driving, depending on what city your in you have the option of choosing 3 different local radio stations which each play about 6 different songs. If you are in Japan, you will actually hear Japanese music being spoken in Japanese! When you get tired of the radio you can choose from your "CD" collection which is included on the game CD. When you get tired of that, you can always play your own music while you drive.GameplayThe controls are very responsive and are not loose like alot of other racing games; which is a good thing. When you press left or right to turn, your car does not spin out of control...most of the time.  Sometimes when your turning a corner at 15 MPH your car will mysteriously start spinning for no apparant reason.  Also the computer seems to have "tank" cars.  By that I mean, if your racing against the computer, all he has to do is just "tap" you and your car goes spinning out of control.  However if you ram into the computer at 50 MPH it will keep moving as if you did not even hit him.  That is very stupid and frustrating to say the least.  The gameplay gets pretty impossible after you reach a certain level. Unless you have hours upon hours to spend each day just restarting the same race over and over again, you will probally never get all of the cars and tracks.PresentationThis is where I feel the game is most lacking. First of all, there are not that many cars compared to other racing games. While most of the cars on the game are great, it is missing a lot that I would have like to have seen in this game. Where is the Lamborghini? M3? M5? Mclauren?. They have a Chevy Camaro, Subarau Impreza and even a Ford Focus, but they don't have a Mustang Cobra. In fact the only car represented by Ford is the Focus, big dissapointment. No Honda's either, but they do have a mitsubishi lancer. Strange. This game needs more cars period.In addition to the lack of cars, I am not too crazy about the "Kudos" system. Basically what it is, is that you get points for "cool" things you do, (ie. sliding, spining, getting air time etc). The kudos you earn add up and depending on how many you get, you can unlock new cars and levels. This is not as easy as it sounds, because while your kudos are adding up, if you hit a wall or a cone, you lose all of the kudos you will have earned, very frustating especially when "unlocking" the next level or car depends on if you earn enough Kudos. The kudos system makes the game VERY difficult, and after while it becomes more frustrating then challenging. It seems like the game concentrates more on how many cool tricks you can do rather than how good you can drive. This is racing not an X-games competition.Finally one more bad thing about the game play, While the city driving can be very fun, the tracks the game does have are not made in such a way that you can ever reach top speed in your car. They do have a speed challenge course, but it still is not made in such a way were you can actually maintain your speed.  The track has two straight-a-ways but end in a hairpin turn where you almost have to come to a complete stop to turn. The highest speed I ever gotten was 152 in the Ferrari F50, and since I was out of road I crashed into the wall. The Ferrari has a top speed of over 200 MPH, I would have liked to have reached this speed, in a race. I remember in Need For Speed 2, I was able to get 238 MPH in the GT90, and actually was able to keep it there for a few seconds. This is impossible in PGR, which takes away from the game.  What is the point of having all those fast cars if you can't really see what they can do?  If they werent goign to let you get over 150 MPH in your car then they should have had all Sedans and Coupes in this game rather than exotic sports cars!ConclusionOverall I am dissapointed in this game. While the sound and graphics are the best I have ever seen, the amount of cars and gameplay is lacking. This game is not for everyone, some people might like the Kudos system, but it is not for me; I I just want to race not see how many cool tricks I can do; who cares that I can slide and spin on a turn going 80 MPH?, or see how many cones I can drive through.  (Again, this is supposed to be a racing game not a driver's ed course.)  If you want to spend hours and hours (and I mean HOURS) trying to gain kudos points just to unlock new cars and tracks then this game is for you. If you just want to race and push your car to its limit then wait on another racing game to come out.
I give PGR credit for being unique.  The system of scoring &quot;kudos&quot; for driving with style is certainly different among the current crop of racing games.  However, I found that I quickly lost interest in the game.As I mentioned above, the game is based around a system of points called &quot;kudos&quot;, which you earn for driving well.  Sliding your car and getting it on two wheels are examples of moves that earn kudos.  You compete in various events such as races, top speed challenges and overtaking challenges (see how many people you can pass in a given time).  Along the way you earn kudos, which unlocks more tracks and cars.  The challenges are varied enough to keep things interesting for a while.  And the promise of new cars and tracks serves as a good carrot and keeps you playing.Although PGR is unique as far as racing games go, I found it just didn't hold my interest.  The tracks weren't nearly diverse enough and working toward new cars and tracks eventually lost its fun.I also found the graphics to be a bit of a letdown.  The replays look very good, but half of that comes from the aggressive camera angles/motions that are used.  This makes it seem more like real TV, but it's just a camera trick.  To be fair, the renderings of the cars are very good, especially when you see reflections on them at night.  The biggest graphics disappointment are the tracks themselves.  The buildings look very flat, making the scenery less lively than I would hope.Overall I did have some fun with this game, but in the end it wasn't for me.  Try renting it first, maybe your mileage will be different.
I was a little disappointed with the gameplay with this game. All in all, I gave it 3 stars. If you are just looking for a racing game, you will probably like it. Howver, if you are looking for something with some type of missions involved, you need to look elsewhere.
This is a game that is the best in some area's and the worst in others.(All of these ratings are out of 5.0)GameplayGood idea, but it is to hard, to annoying and there aren't any bonuses like shortcuts or special areas or different routes.  It's all race like this and nothing else.  Strategy has no effect in this game, which is probably the worste part.Rating 0.5GraphicsWonderful graphics.  If every area was as good as that this would be my favorite game in the world.  It is taking advantage of everything Xbox has to offer.Rating 5.0SoundWonderful.  Over 30 songs, plus you can create your own soundtrack.  Wonderful!Rating 4.9VarietyThis game lacks variety a lot.  I mean GT Racing 2002 has over 120 cars while this only has just more than 20.  The tracks are hard which makes it hard to enjoy the big lot of tracks it has to offer.Rating 1.0Total2 Good things.  2 Bad things.  Should be right around the middle (which is not good when it comes to games.)Rating 2.8So in the end I rounded it up to 3 which is not good for a game like this.
No doubt that Project Gotham Racing is an extremely fun game, but it is just not as good as the second one. I will make this review in PRO/CON format. It is basically your average racing game with the addition of Kudos, which are basically points that you get for cutting sharp turns.PRO:1.Graphics are over average2.Audio (If you like rap)3.The idea of Kudos is pretty neat.CON:1.Not as many cars as PGR 22.Not as many maps as PGR 23.Not very realistic4.Not online5.Can get frustrating at timesThis game definetely gets a 5/5 in terms of how fun it is, but there is just way less features in this one then there is in the second PGR 2 which is the reason why i gave it a 3/5.
While it's beautiful, the characters are intriguing, and the premise is unique, as it always is in the Oddworld games, Munch's Oddysee is distinctly less fulfilling than its predecessors. Whether it's because Munch simply isn't as appealing as Abe, or whether it's because the game now feels like it's made up of distincly isolated puzzles, strung together by a story, as opposed to a traditional platformer, Munch is less compelling, less addictive, and in a sense, less interesting than its predecessor.Is it a bad game? By no means. It's often laugh-out-loud funny, the characters are quickly endearing, and the puzzles are often quite clever. It's a bit stilted in the actual fluidity of the levels, and the character-switching mechanic keeps the player from ever feeling any sense of real immersion, but overall, despite its problems, a worthwhile experience.
This is an ok game but if you want a good gta game get gta San Andreas this game dosen't have the large selection of guns and it is just to easy to die on this game but it is ok and kinda fun. Thank you for reading this review and hope you found it helpful.
i think that this game is extremely over-rated, i want to give it 2.5 stars, but i couldn't. i will say it is a very creative game and interesting, but that is it. personally i want Vice City, now that will be the game of the century.advice: if you want GTA 3, just wait until the end of the month, because VC will be out then.
I have read some reviews, and I must say, I agree that this is a great game. You can pretty much go anywhere, it is challenging, the graphics are great, and pretty much everything anyone else has said.......BUT, I must also say that this is an extremely violent game. I don't know that there is a need for that kind of violence, and there is something wrong with killing innocent people and not getting punished for it. This is not appropriate for teens or children, not at all. Morals aside, it is great and a lot of fun....hmmmm....what does that say about me?  Really though, the game is put together well, and you can actually try to avoid killing pedestrians and innocent people, but sooner or later it will happen. You will also be pitted against police, FBI, and CIA, becomming a wanted criminal many times through out the game. Again, I don't know if that is such a good thing. It is exciting, but........ My biggest problem with the game is that children and teens will play it, and though it is not the fault of the game writers, I feel there is a moral obligation that is being sacrificed for profit. Of course, this is probably the wrong place to voice this opinion. Anyway, I gave it 3 stars for that reason. If I had no moral problem with the game I would have given it 5 stars...of course, the game is good enough that I still play once in a while so......
i got this game when it originally came out and it was a good time, i had a blast with the free roaming ability, however there are things that get tiresome and more noticeable especially after playing vice city and san andreas - negatives to me are: repetitive soundtrack after awhile, character has no personality, the twist in the middle of the game that makes you change allegiances, the mission to kill a certain mafia boss that forces you to be precise with a one bullet sniper shot otherwise ur dead takes the fun out of the mission...i should be able to stand on the corner and just blaze with armor on and see what happens using my machine gun and grenades, the handling of the cars is rough at times and they blow up too easily...i could go on, but the story just doesn't impress me...its a lot of fun to roam but the story does little to make me want to continue pass the plot twist
I would vociferate this game as extremely irritating. The Radio songs are repetitive.The AI is stupid. The Radar is so darn small, your eyes start to sore. Most of the vehicles are Taxis and trucks.Getting from one island to another is frustrating. Overall speaking, this game is for those who have ample time to spare and do not get easily irritated. Most of the missions are epigrammatic, and gang members get angry at you on inconcequential issues.Its an extremely strenous task to find ammo.Well thats all I have to say.I would this game no more than 3 stars.Rockstar Games has to come out with something worthy. Theyre way better than this!!
Straight out of the packaging, DOA is a beautiful game.  The graphics are very detailed, fluid, intense and colorful.  And so is the action for that matter.Though the game is 'Okay' for a single player, it is much better suited for cooperative play, or player vs. player.  You see, while there are many different game modes, (like survival and time attack) I can't believe this game so blatantly forgot a single player vs. computer mode for single fights (scored by KO's or how many round are won) that is present in any other fighting game like Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter.  What you say? No player vs. computer: Well, yes, there is survival mode in which you choose a character and fight CPU players right after another until either the CPU or you is knocked out, but you have no choice in who you fight or where in this mode...It's all random...I would really have likes a mode where you could pick your opponent and play for the best 2 out of 3 rounds lets say.Sound: Excellent control over sound.  In game settings you can adjust music volume, combat volume, special attacks/effects volume.  However, I hope you like Aerosmith...they provide 3 songs that you fight to throughout the game.  They are decent and adrenaline pumping,...but Aerosmith?  Should have been techno.Game Control: The game is somewhat sensitive to your hand on the game pad.  Could be a pro or a con depending on how you look at it.  The A, B, X, Y, white &amp; black buttons and triggers work great.  However, I found the 8 directional D-pad a little too sensitive...often resulting in wrong directional combos because you must press it PERFECTLY.  This fact carriers over to how you control you players attacks.  Like most fighting style genre games, each character has his/her own set of moves based on the pressing of buttons in combination.  While I see no other way around this and this is the norm for these type of games, in DOA, it can become ridiculous.  Basic moves are easy to pull off, but those spectacular moves require such precision and sometimes lengthy combo's you most likely only use them by luck.  Because of the fast pace of this game, DOA turns more into a button masher console that a true strategy game.Practice mode: You can practice your moves in a special mode, but as stated above you really need to have extremely great coordination to pull some of them off.  You get frustrated with some of the moves.Story mode:  The only real 1 player mode is slightly weird.  You pick a character and try to complete a 'story' by battling 7 CPU controlled players, then a boss at the end.  If you complete all 8 matches, you unlock a great graphically detailed end cut scene that centers around the character.  But here's the problems: 1) All voice overs are in Japanese with English subtitles.  The only English you here is: You Win, You Lose, Start.  Okay...Why?  If they can put this in English, why can't they do the rest in English?  Why do I have to read subtitles that go by so fast?  2) Flaws in the overall story:  Okay..you picked your character and now must fight 7 battles.  I get this, but some of the dialogue does not flow from one battle to the next.  Two sentences between characters before a fight does not give much of a story...or build up.  I think the strangest thing is the battle 8...the boss.  After you win battle 7, you are transported to a hellish like realm and must fight this evil looking samurai named Omega.  But it is really never explained how you got there or why you are there, who he is, why you must fight him, how he fits into any of the storylines, no dialogue.  Most stories have a build up to the last the showdown...a goal that players can understand.  Omega is just there.  If you defeat him (which he has really impressive yet hard to dodge special attacks) you immediately see the final cut scene.  End of story.  Very anti-climatic.Camera mode: Sit back and watch two CPU players knock each other silly, but neither wins.  Yes...that's right...all you do is watch, and there is no victory.  Um....why?All in all, DOA 3 has the potential to be a great game.  The graphics are there, the music and effects are there, the characters with special moves are there.  What's lacking is credible story, and a good 1 player mode.  This game is definitely fun if you can get someone else to play you...that's where it shines.
I like this game, which is a miracle because I did not like the last one, or the one before that, or the one before that. It is my opinion that Dead or alive is about nothing else but [exploitation]. This statement holds true of DOA 3, but for some strange reason it works for me this time. I noticed that the "bounce" that the series is well known for has been toned down significantly, and the movement of the characters is more realistic. I guess because the game itself has less of an emphasis on [exploitation] that I can take it more seriously as a fighter game, which is why I enjoyed this one, and plan to buy it later.However some of its predecessor's weaknesses rear their ugly head. Once again the game attempts to tell an incoherent and irrelevant story that makes no sense. Temco needs to learn how to tell a cohesive narrative in the worst way. The fighting engine itself becomes tiresome, as many of the computer-operated characters can be beaten with the same simple combination kicks over and over again. The repetitive nature of the combat makes this fighter only good in a two-player match. Once you get over the graphics the game becomes quite shallow. Still fun, but shallow.
I ended up with DOA 3 since it was included with one of the XBox &quot;packs&quot;.  Fighting games never interested me so I was surprised that I initially found this game very enjoyable.  Part of that enjoyment probably came from the graphics.  Just about every other review has raved about them, and they are right.  The graphics are great.  On several occasions I found myself looking at the detail of the sets and not fighting.However, once you've gotten past the eye candy you'll find there isn't too much there.  Playing through the story mode is somewhat interesting since you learn a bit about each of the characters and get to see some cut scenes, but story mode is much too short (in terms of the number of fights) and the stories are laughable at best.This game is worth having around to play against other people, as it is the only way it provides lasting entertainment.  Other than that, it isn't worth keeping on the shelf.  If you don't think you'll be playing against other people, go rent it for a couple days and enjoy the eye candy.
Just wanna say that the graphics in this game are absoltely beatiful but the gameplay is rather weak and gets boring quite quicly.It is by no means a bad game at all, it is good but it would disappoint many because with such amazing graphics you would expect great gaemplay too and unfortunately the gameplay isnt that great. The single player bored me and a lot of other owners of the game i know in a few weeks. The multiplayer is fun but nowhere near as good as Smash Bros Melee for GC. There is not much that hasnt been seen in other fighting games here. Once u get past the graphic you will find an average fighter. Buy Smash Bros Melee instead because it also has awesome graphics and more importantly plays like a dream with friends. Me and some friends have played it since november and we are nowhere near bored of it. So wait for the inevitable sequel which will hopefully focus more on the gameplay elements and also look out for Soul Calibur II coming out later this year because it will rock!
After seeing the commercials for this game it had me convinced that this was a fighting game that features all female fighters. I was wrong of course, but instead it features a slew of copied fighters from Tekken (Playstation game), pro wrestling (There is a wrestler that looks exactly like Hulk Hogan) and Ninja Gaiden (very old Nintendo game). The game itself is much like Tekken and the graphics are astonishing, with incredibly detailed fighting arenas that interact with the fighters, such as electric fences, which do more damage and areas with deep snow where you can run through the snow and the snow stays matted. The fighters themselves are very lifelike, but the graphics alone cannot hold up this game can they? The gameplay is at best, quite different, there is a punch, kick, fierce punch, fierce kick, tag, and grapple buttons. The grapple button is used to perform unique takedowns, suplexes and or throws. The moves are quite simple to pull off, whether pushing a punch button or holding back and pushing a punch button to perform a different move. Because the moves are simple to pull off that makes for a quick learning curve, but a quick boredom curve because you will be performing the same moves constantly. There are great modes, such as a story mode, tag battle mode with good double team moves, survivor mode, which pits you against fighters until you are defeated, a watch mode to see the computer fight the computer, a training mode and a practice mode. In all, the game does not offer much to the fighting plate to make it different from the rest of the fighting games, other than its graphics, so skip this game.
I played DOA2 hardcore for my good ol PS2, and that was as good as PS2 graphics got, now the game moved to the most powerful System on the market the Xbox, and the graphics are ooh-myyy goodness the best, until Splinter Cell came out, but the only thing I find wrong is after you get past the graphics and beat the game with everyone, It's pretty much a Better graphics more characters version of DOA2 hardcore, and I don't like a seem-like port of a good game, but hey, I still like the game, it just don't seem like a true sequal, just like Tekken 4, but anyone with a Xbox, and never played DOA2, then this is the fighting game 2 git.  If u have I suggest a rental, and that is something I didn't do, but it's one of the Xbox's best showpicies
I really enjoyed DOA3, the fighting system is amazing, the graphics are outstanding!  But I got the game yesterday, and I have already beaten the story mode with every character!  The game is much too short.  I know there are other game options besides the Story mode, but one would expect the story to be the bulk of the game, and well, it isn't.
With today's console war heating up, the pros and cons of each system are brought into the spotlight. One of the most important parts of a console is the controller, because it can actually increase or dampen the enjoyment of playing a game. So how does Microsoft's console's controller stand? Unfortunately, while the overall design is adequate, it's plagued by some serious flaws that might force some gamers to buy peripherals to hook up their Xbox with a Dual Shock 2.First of all, the design of the Xbox controller is remarkably similar to the Dreamcast's controller in size and location of the analog sticks. The D-pad is good enough, and the trigger buttons are also well-made. Gamers might have to strain to reach the black and white buttons above the four face buttons, but that's easy to get used to.The biggest flaw that many gamers, including myself, cite against this controller is its size. Some gamers with large hands might find this controller comfortable, but a lot of gamers can't use the Xbox controller without constant readjustment of the hands. Players sometimes have to strain thier muscles just to reach a particular button or analog stick, which can get really annoying. And while the face buttons are in the right places, they are so bunched together that pressing a wrong button is a frequent problem for some gamers. If Microsoft hadn't used up a lot of room on the controller for the enormous Xbox logo (as if players will need a reminder of what system they're playing), the controller would've been a lot better.Another problem are the buttons themselves. While playing games with this controller, I found that pressing the buttons sometimes didn't register a command in the game, as if the game didn't know I had pressed a button. This might be attributed to the fact that the buttons are pressure-sensitive, but the biggest reason is probably because the buttons are in a horrible oval shape that bulge too far out. If games can't register a decent press given to the buttons, the controller needs some serious adjustment. Coupled with the first problem mentioned, and playing a game can be quite frustrating.Overall, the Xbox controller is fairly decent but it could've been so much more. There is a reason why Microsoft brought the Japanese Xbox controller to the US and is making that the standard Xbox controller: the number of people displeased with the American Xbox controller was too big to ignore. If Microsoft had paid more attention to the sensitivity of the buttons and less attention to the ugly logo that takes up a lot of space on the controller face, the Xbox controller would've been the ultimate controller. As it stands now, it's only for gamers who found the Dual Shock 2 too small to use.
I bought my Xbox before the formerly Japan-only Type S controller became standard. I bought a Type S when they became available, but I quickly realized that I was already perfectly comfortable with the original, and trying to force myself to switch wasn't worth it. There's no denying that the original Xbox controller is HUGE compared to other controllers, but if it's comfortable, then size isn't an issue. And I do find it perfectly comfortable. There's big, and there's too big. This controller is not too big for me. And for the record, my hands are not large. In fact they might be a bit smaller than average.Unfortunately, the reason I'm here now is to replace my original pack-in controller because it's already worn out. It isn't even a year old (June 7, 2002) and already the analog sticks are sticky and glitchy. I think the culprit is GunValkyrie, which involves constant stick pushing, i.e. using the sticks as buttons. I've had other controllers wear out, but never this fast. Oh well, everything needs a flaw of some kind.
I own both an Xbox and a PS2 and the Xbox controller, as basic looking as it is, is much easier to use than the PS2 DVD controller.  I guess there's really not that much to say about a remote except the fact that it is disappointing that you have to purchase a remote if you want to watch DVD's on your Xbox.  It's not like Microsoft doesn't have any money.
PROS- works fine. No IR connection problems.- great for people that don't already have a DVD player.CONS- doesn't play DVDs in progressive scan. Why not? They can make games in 480p (old HD) for the xbox.- takes up a controller port slot. Not a big deal, but if you often have 4 friends playing, you won't be able to leave it in all the time.- no backlit or glow- no eject button- no power button. What? Never seen a remote without a power button. Thus you CANNOT turn your xbox on/off with this remote.- cannot learn- not universal. If you have lots of remotes, you're better off learning this one into a universal remote.- many people already own a DVD player, many with progressive scan.
I haven't had any problems yet with my Xbox DVD Playback Kit, but I should also tell you that I haven't tried many DVD's.  While my experience has been flawless, I've heard several experiences that are the opposite. Basically, your Xbox is already capable of playing DVD's, you only need to purchase the Playback Kit which consists of two parts:  1) a receiver that you plug into one of your Xbox Controller ports, and 2) a remote control that you use to direct the DVD player.  The remote comes with the usual assortment of DVD options but as others have pointed out, two annoying omissions are a power button and an eject button. A power button would be especially useful considering the Xbox hardware is practically a desktop computer and needs a little rest every now and then. I know friends that have had problems running some DVD's but the worst news I've heard about the Xbox DVD player is that Microsoft employs different vendors to manufacture its disc drives and some models are not as dependable as others.  Therefore, you could be limiting your Xbox console's lifespan by using it as a DVD player as well as a video game system. The DVD Playback Kit is recommended for anyone that doesn't own a DVD player as its a cheaper alternative and provides quality picture and sound but if you already own a DVD player, I would keep it and stick with video games for the Xbox.
Don't get me wrong. I love RPGs and building up custom characters but I don't like them in the 2D world of the GBA. On the PC I have played awesome games like Dungeon Siege, where the RPG element is at it's best but I found Golden Sun to be really slow.It took ages to get going and there is an unbelievable amount of dialogue in it. But there is no way to skip past it. You will literally be sitting there hitting the button for 10 minutes reading bland word bubbles. Some have given this game a great review but I'm afraid this RPG just didn't do anything for me and I won't be checking out the sequel.Graphics ASound A-Gameplay C-Lasting Appeal C-
Golden Sun is arguably one of the prettiest and best GBA games ever seen.  I can definately agree with that.  However, I could not stand the dumb story line.  You start out living with your depressed mom and act like children pretty much all the way through.  Supposidly these guys are teens, but Nintendo clearly aimed it toward an everyone audience.  I would have liked to see some profanity, and characters that actualy acted like teens, rather then moms.  Oh well.  On the bright side the visuals are great and the battle system is original.  It just depends on how old you are and what your likes and dislikes are I suppose.
i don't consider myself to be a graphics junkie, i do like onnovative graphical styles but i don't need fancy graphics to enjoy a game. Legend of mana didn't have the most detailed sprites but i still really enjoyed that game. Final fantasy tactics is my all time favorite game and it didn't have the graphical flair of FFVII(which was the "best" looking game of that time). So i wasn't expecting anything special from DQVII(don't care if the case says warrior it's always been quest to me). This game will not wow you with it's poorly animated sprites on the world map however the monster sprites are decent. The gameplay is where this game shines it's over 100 hours of questing and it never gets stale i've always enjoyed dragon quests approach to the rpg which is a collection of mini stories that eventually converge into the endgame with some evil threatening the whole world hence i gave the game 5 stars for fun but i cannot give it 5 stars overall because the graphics show a bit of laziness on enix's part it's inexcusable given that this game came out around the same time as Star Ocean 2 and that game looked great. So it's 3 stars and if you really wanna play this game i suggest looking on ebay it's much cheaper then 197.00 on ebay i got my copy for 24
I liked the game alot. The graphics could have been better but they were on the right track. I love the lines, like something out of a 1920's gritty detective novel.The action is fast and hard, bullet time is very cool. Really I found little to dislike. The load times are a little long. By the real reason for 3 stars instead of 4 was a couple of truely stupid levels. Both were dream style ones, where Max follows a line of blood in space. It is just plain dumb and very annoying. It serves no point.Other than that I loved the game. Well worth the time playing.
I bought this game after playing the PC version at a friends house.  The slow-mo, &quot;bullet-time&quot; gameplay looked and played really well, but it felt like it was simply there to keep players from getting bored of the repetitive gameplay.Every level is essentially the same, and the game plays the same way throughout.  The story kept me interested, but after one run through this game simply wasn't worth the effort a second time, even with the number of playable difficulties it offers.  Rent it instead.
Max Payne was one of the first games I played when I bought my Playstation 2. But I hadn't gotten around to purchasing it till recently. Though while still very good, with other games pushing the PS2's graphical power, the Max Payne is looking a little long in the tooth.Max Payne is a New York detective who's wife and young child are brutally murdured. Three years later, the story is about to come full circle as Payne finally discovers who has shattered his entire world.Max Payne's biggest strength is it's story. The storyline is very compelling and will make you keep wanting to play the game. Full of mobsters, wise guys, low-lifes, and all around scum bags, the developers are Remedy and Rockstar Games have painted a very dark and gritty picture of the New York underworld. If Max Payne were made into a movie, I'm thinking it could very easily make the transition from game to screen. The cutscenes however leave something to be desired. They consist of comic book style frames with voice overs. But the story does manage to make it's way through them.Although while still good, Max Payne's graphics are somewhat subpar when you compare them to other games that have been released in the past few years. The character models are somewhat primitive by today's standards. Where as a game like the Getaway has more photo-realistic renderings, Max Payne's are almost stick figure like. What Max Payne'graphics do very well, however, is portray New York City extremely accurately. Everything from the graffitti on the walls to the subway stations has a very "New York feel" to it. The framerate, however, suffers from considerable slowdown. Often time it slows to a crawl. The sounds are very good. Guns have loud "Bangs" and you hear bullet casings hit the ground. The games music is very ominous sounding, giving you a chilling foreshadowing of things to come.Max Payne's controlls are a little difficult to grasp at first. The targeting reticule consists of a white "dot" in the center of the screen, and you aim by moving the right analog stick. It's a bit tricky and takes some getting used to. One of the game's standout features is Bullet Time. Max can slow down time around him and execute Matrix-like moves. Max Payne restores his health by rummaging in medicine cabinets and closets for painkillers. A bit of a unique change from the standard med-packs and meal rations.Overall Max Payne is a good game. The only thing really "wrong" is it looks a little dated. Otherwise it's well worth the new Greatest Hits price (even if it's just to pad your game library) and definitley worth the discounted $9.99 PC game price.
Max Payne was one of my favorite games last year, but now the thrills of the game just didn't last that long.Pros:Nice aresonel of weaponsBullet time really helpsA port of a superb PC gameGo through a good story full or twistsFun while it lastsCons:Long loading timesgraphics not as good as Xbox or PCs versionafter beating it, there's little thrills to play it againNo extrascan't skip boring moviesNo shadows at allThe game gets repetitive as wellKillin level after level sure gets boringIf you brought it, sooner or later you're gonna wish u rented itThe voice acting is ugly, and horableThe game was addictive at first, and I ended up trading state of emergency, one of the wackest games ever 4 dis.  Well this is better than it, but the loading times are what [make me mad] the most, cuz when I die, I have to sit throught the loading times again and again.  Like I said, rent or borrow B4 u buy.
I've learned firsthand that you've ever bought a GBA port of a fighting game, you'd get what you paid for.  With that in mind, I discovered and snatched a copy of "Tekken Advance."  Of course it pales in comparsion to console versions because of the limited hardware, but you get the gist of what they're like if you don't own them already.While the GBA's 4-button layout compromises the gameplay, you get a ton of moves that are easy to pull off against a fairly balanced AI.  Plus you can rotate around the psuedo-3D platforms.  A minor nuisance is that if you, say, land a suplex, you get this ugly one-second cutscene.  A major nuisance is that "TA" needs an extra cartridge for vs battles, missing the GBA's multiplayer capabilities.  Man cannot live on 9 characters and 6 game modes alone.This game is rated T for Teen: Violence.
What's hot:-Lots of things to exploreWhat's not:-Terribly complicated-Graphics really need some work-Fighting feels so lameWhat's strange:-What's the use of these pointless plot parts(the question game at the beginning)?The overall:-This not the game for RPG players.  Kingdom Hearts can possibly beat this.
The game is great for people who like this type of RPG, which is very complex. You need to have about 3-4 hours a day just to sit down and play this.There are people who don't want goals given in a game, and people who do. I thought I didn't want any goals in games, because it was so appealing to just do whatever you want. But, I just can't seem to really feel like traveling for no reason... However, in my opinion it got boring quickly.Cons:1) Not wanting to be someone who got out of prison.2) Hard to hit something in battle3) Not sure what to do in the beginning (where I should go)4) Characters are unattractive, and move strangely.5) The Wood Elves look like aliens6) Loading time in some areas7) The amount of time needed to play the gamePros:1) The water is great looking, as well as the rest of the graphics.2) There are millions and millions of items.3) The controls are fairly easy to learn (Very similar to Halo's)4)Interesting storyline.5) Character development6) The Class SystemMany people should read more about this game before they get it, this isn't like a Final Fantasy RPG, this is a very sophisticated and in-depth RPG. In my opinion, many people can simply get used to playing RPGs such as these, however it will burn up a large amount of time. Since all of the NPCs (non player characters) have a lot to say, it could take nearly an hour to talk to everyone around town, although in my case I didn't bother talking to most of the people. Traveling town-to-town only takes about 5-10 min. if you don't run into complications, which is a great improvement in comparison to some other RPGs, in which it may take an hour to travel somewhere.There is also an excellent class system, where you can make your own class. This is one of the best features I encountered. The races, however, I didn't like, especially the females of the race. Basically, none of the faces nor hair appealed to me.Many will find this game hard to understand at first, especially those who have never played a RPG like this before. I spent a year and a half playing everquest, when it eventually took over my life and I went cold turkey. Even though Everquest doesn't have a story, it is very similar, and I like the character graphics a lot better. (Clothes, Faces, Hair, etc.). However, I do not recommend Everquest in any way.Basically, what it all comes down to is being a patient person willing to spend a large amount of time playing. Also, one who knows what they want to do in the game, and has an idea of something to do.
Well, I was hoping to get an old-fashioned RPG game in my console. Instead , I get Diablo-like gameplay. Read my review on Diablo if you want, that's why I gave it 3 stars. Thee is a good story in this game, but in the first town, you only get to go in one place! That's it! Don't you remember the huge sidequests you can get in Baldur's Gate? This game is just follow the story and make it quick. However, the grpahics and gameplay are great. The monsters were impossibly difficult, but on multiplayer, they sure drop like flies. Enjoy.
Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance is pretty fun, but short, and it lacks much in the way of a story.  Just to mention, it is nothing like it's namesake (The computer series).  It is basically just a hack n' slash action RPG.  Not the worst of that type of game, but it is far from the best.The gameplay is fairly basic.  You run around each map, and kill everything, using your class' skill: As a sorceress, you cast spells, as an archer you use bows, and as the dwarf you slaughter with normal attacks.  It is actually pretty hard, I died a lot, especially fighting rats in the dungeon while level 1.  It follows the grand tradition of D&D; games, in that you are basically worthless at low levels.  It is pretty well done, but there really isn't anything which makes it stand out, especially because it has almost no story.  You just sort of go on an adventure.Dark Alliance has pretty okay graphics.  The lighting effects on spells and stuff are cool, as is the water.  It just wasn't all that detailed.  Even if they were excellent, the zoomed out overhead camera makes it hard to appreciate.  Some said the death animations were great.  I didn't notice.  It also has very nice music, but it is rarely played, for some reason.All in all, Baldur's Gate is okay.  It is very short (10-15 hours), but it has good replay value.  It also has fun co-op multiplayer, which I enjoyed quite a bit.  There are lots of better games to play, but this would be good for a rental.  Just for fun.
Capcom Vs. SNK 2 is the sequel to the popular cross-over Capcom Vs. SNK. Improved features include: more characters, 3D backrounds, restored controls (the traditional 3 punch, 3 kick button controls are back thankfully), and 6 different &quot;grooves&quot;. The most significant changes in my opinion are the addition of the new characters and the good old 6 button control layout. I believe the 4 button scheme implemented in Capcom Vs. SNK 1 and Marvel Vs. Capcom 2 seriously compromised the gameplay. So with the larger character roster and tweaked gameplay, what's not to like, right? Unfortunately, there are a couple of drawbacks. For some reason, Capcom has felt the need to leave the characters in their recent 2D fighting games in low resolution. I really don't see why they decided to do that, because even the animation intense Street Fighter 3 was done in high res. Also, some characters have been stretched and re-sized when they didn't need to be, and the fireballs are done with 3D graphics that do not match the 2D hand drawn characters. Even though the graphics and overall presentation are only satisfactory, I still recommend Capcom Vs. SNK 2. There should be enough 2D fighting action to keep any fan of the genre interested for at least a while.
Luigi's Mansion is fun while it lasts, and the graphics and animation are really excellent. As far as gameplay goes, it's fun learning how to trap the ghosts, and it's a rewarding experience when you solve the puzzles and open up each new room of the big mansion. But that's all there is to it: enter new room, find out how to get the key to the next room, repeat. You keep hoping there'll be something new, but there isn't. And then the game just ends, with no real reward...about 5 hours after you started. The game is way, way too short.Kids will enjoy this game, but if you're an older gamer, you'll want to rent this one and save your money for games like Eternal Darkness, Rogue Leader, Wave Race, and Super Smash Bros. Melee.
This game is average theres not too much GCN games that are better infact most are worse because of all the babyish Disney and Cartoon Network rubbish. You could beat this game pretty fast with an online walkthrough so I'd just rent it for a few days. Pretty nice gaming experiance and the graphix are damn decent. This game was one of the first games released for the cube so you mighg want to consider purchasing it if you find it cheap cause this game might be worth alot in maybe a couple decades.
Despite being called the Super Mario Bros, Luigi hardly gets attention. He starred in a lame SNES game(Mario is Missing), was in Super Smash Bros. Melee but his moves were exact same as Marios. He wasn't even in Mario Sunshine. Has a launch title, Luigi's Mansion shows off some of the Gamecube's power but the gameplay itself leaves something to be desired.Story: Luigi wins a mansion in a contest he doesn't even remember entering. He tells his brother Mario to be there. Mario in effect has gone missing and there's ghosts all over. But thanks to Professor Gadd and his Poltergust 3000, Luigi can vacuum up the ghosts Ghostbusters-style.Graphics: The best usage of the Gamecube's engine is in the lighting and shadow. Lightning strikes through windows provide perfect shadows as well as your flashlight shining the dark rooms. Everything else looks rather blah. Besides Luigi and the ghosts, the rooms looks almost unfinished and somewhat blurry in some cases.Music/Sound: Barely any music beside a slight reprise of the classic Mario dungeon theme. When you vacuum in a ghost, there's this irritating piano figure, it's literally one note repeated. As for voices, Professor Gadd talks in a faux Japanese almost as it sounds like it but way to short to be japanese, and by pressing B, Luigi cries out "Mario?". His health plays a role in how confident or scared he sounds.Gameplay: The control scheme for this is awkward. Shoulder L is for element firing, R is for the vacuum and the grey buttons are for your Game Boy Horror, which shows either your map or a scanning feature(almost similar to Metroid Prime's). To turn the flashlight on is A, directly beneath it is the right analog which determines where Luigi faces.The stumble at the finish line reference in my subject refers to the final boss. I won't spoil who it is or anything but I'll say what happens: you take on King Boo(this isn't really a spoiler) who's inside a big...thing. Anyways, to suck up King Boo you have to fire these big spiky rocks at the thing's mouth while it's attacking but he gets so close to you, the resulting explosion ends up damaging you. Once you hit him, King Boo flies out and you have to suck him in. He literally has 500 HP...compared to your 100. Not only that, while you're trying to suck him in, the thing is firing ice at you.This is an incredibly unfair fight. It's like the difficulty was evenly balanced throughout the game then bam, frustration alley. I'm no Johnny-come-lately newbie when it comes to gaming but I took well over 4 tries to beat the guy. Kids will be able to progress in the game with little hiccups here and there but that last boss will send them running for their big brother. But other than that, give it a try.
Like most Nintendo games, this game is original and is fun to play. It has great graphics and interesting character designs. However, it is very easy, and can be won in 5-10 hours (unless you are very young). After you win it you won't want to bother with it any more, so go somewhere you can rent it for a week and enjoy it, and be done with it. Save your money and wait for Super Mario Sunshine.
This is a very original, and beautifully detailed game.  It's very short and has little replay value.Mario sunshine is much better.
Okay, what the heck is up with the vaccuum cleaner??? That's your weapon. Interesting. This game is somewhat entertaining, however it is not exactly cool and action-packed. The whole point is to suck up ghosts with the vaccuum and rescue Mario. It's one of those games you sit around and play all day when you're bored. It will keep you entertained for awhile anyway. Check it out if you're into the Mario games, as I said, it's certainly...interesting.
I will make this short.  Luigis mansion was a nintendo gamecube launch and looked very promesing.  The graphics were wonderful but the game was way to bad.  This game was really aimed for younger audiences for ages 9 or something like that.  And the game is to short.  It took me like 8 hours to beat the game.  Over all the game is lacking alot of things.  One is lengh.  The rest you just see for your self.ProsGraphicsConsgameplayway to short.The gameplay wasn't that fun at all.  Stick with Mario Sunshine.3.2 out of 5Lates
During the late 80's a duo of plumbers ruled the gaming industry. . .Mario along with his poorly recognized brother, Luigi.  Overshadowed by his rotund brother, Luigi has accepted Miyamoto's brace on a reputable spot for the GameCube.  Despite the fact that the green plumber lacks the highest of the high eminence when compared to his counterpart`s Super Mario World and Mario 64, Luigi's Mansion sends the player on one of the topmost experiences a game can frankly provide.  Although it does not live up to the demoralizing hopes for a weekly played platformer, Luigi's new 2D-like dance is incredible in all its rights.  Conversely, not taking the vital steps as a boundless platformer, Luigi's Mansion has one sticky, discernible shortcoming.  Spanning only and about six hours, the game will be a mixture of being awestruck or deeply saddened for those rummaging for a clear-cut Mario sequel.Luigi's Mansion lobs the player as Luigi, a spineless Ghostbuster.  Armed with a flashlight, the Hoover (a vacuum cleaner), and a Game Boy Horror (which serves as a  map), the mildly brave Luigi must investigate a haunted Mansion where each corner and crevice must be thoroughly searched for interleaving puzzles.  The puzzles work as a chain of sequence throughout the game, marking advancement into the vast halls.  Each room, gushing with several hordes of terrorizing ghouls, must be explored in order to attain keys where entry is denied.  The regular, constant ghosts found to and fro the game are vanquished easily.  By screening the flashlight on a ghoul, a significant number of HP will appear, and the player must completely nullify that number.  Operating the Hoover, Luigi will be thrown left and right while the skirmishing ghost endeavors not to be sucked into oblivion.  Gradually, its HP will melt down, reaching 0 and finally being bagged.  Sounds very simple, no?  Well, soon the rules are altered as new, nastier, and more technique-employed ghosts come screeching down the halls.  If the player is stomped on how to thrash a certain ghost, simply utilizing the Game Boy Horror will force the phantom to discharge a hint on ripping them apart.  Other ghosts, intent on not letting the player see them, unveil themselves once Luigi carries out particular tasks.  Subsequently, Luigi goes face to face with immense bosses that require different tactics to slaughter.  On the dot, Luigi's Mansion keeps and repeats this gameplay pattern., not really making up for its abrupt conclusion and obvious repetitiveness.On the graphical standpoint, this is beyond what other previous consoles have come close to imitate.  Remembering when the PlayStation tried to encapsulate fitting cartoony looks, the GameCube scoffs at all preceding efforts, pulling off the greatest type of cartoon visuals ever.  Running at 30 frames per second, making use of spotless lighting, shadow, and transparency effects, Luigi's Mansion will have any kid ditch the teletubbies, and glue their faces onto the pulsating gaming screen.  Luigi has a original collection of facial expressions.  Moving gracefully, without any slowdown, the player and his surroundings are planed in a radiance of lightly colored backgrounds and an overwhelming number of illumination effects.  Just the little threads of detail in the game give a hint on how future GameCube titles will be furnished around dazzling tapestries.  As if to counter this pro, the musical soundtrack are rather lackluster and utterly uninspiring.  While the game's many sounds (Luigi humming to himself) and all the other jingles are up-to-the-par with quality, the redundant music recurs over and over and over. . .Even though my gaming hunger for the next Mario platform is months away (Mario Sunshine), Luigi's Mansion proves to be a wistful frolic until the ornate mind of Miyamoto breaks all the gaming rules yet again.  Lavishing some good innovation, save for the succinctness on the hours, the game is a demanding buy, but well worth a revisit on the all-star plumbers.
This game might have one of the best graphics seen on any console and it has on of my favorite nintendo characters: Luigi. But the game itself is the same thing over and over again: Get keys, open new doors, capture ghosts with a vacuum and getting coins. Also the game is too short, i beat it in about 4 hours. The game is fun while it lasts, but i recommend to rent it first.The way to move and control luigi is outstanding, but come on, it is a game for the little ones. I recommend this game to any parent searching for a game for kids of ages 7 through 13.
Luigi's Mansion, to put it simply, is the perfect weekend rental.  The title garnered a total of ten hours of gameplay out of me, and has not been touched since.  Don't get me wrong, the game wasn't bad or anything, it was just really short.Boasting some new gameplay as opposed to the usual platformer fare, the puzzles in Luigi's Mansion, as well as bosses, were fun while they lasted.  A fairly simple game, Luigi's Mansion is not something that an experienced gamer should probably buy, unless they'd just like it in a collection for some reason.For the family game, this doesn't do too badly, although the fifty dollar price tag isn't justifiable.  A good game for teaching parents and small children to play a game, I'd recommend Pikmin as a puzzle game over this, and Mario Sunshine as a Mario game above this.Three stars justifies the good quality, as well as super short playtime. Try renting it before buying it.
This game has great graphics and is great when you have a sibling to play with, but otherwise, it gets old after a while and is fustrating. The courses are okay, but are extremely fustrating since there are many things to crash into. Also, there isn't that much to unlock in it. Overall, you should only rent it unless you have friends over often.
This game is pretty good.  If you like Wave Runners then this just might be the game you're looking for.
Normally, any game made by Shigeru Miyamoto would get a heartfelt and appreciative five stars from me. Pikmin is an exception, because Miyamoto broke one of his own rules of thumb when he designed it. That rule is: Let the player play at their own pace.Pikmin's core game play itself has the makings of a perfect game: Grow and harvest criminally cute little colorful carrot people and then use them to complete various tasks and chores in order to recover enough pieces of your damaged spacecraft until you can leave the alien planet you're stranded on. (i.e. Earth) The Pikmin come in three colors and each color has its own strengths and weaknesses. You must command your Pikmin to knock down obstacles, build bridges, defeat enemies, carry parts back to the ship, and grow more Pikmin. Quite a bit of strategy is necessary, or you'll fail. You have to set Pikmin to a task and leave them to it while you go and direct more Pikmin to do something else. This in itself could have been gaming nirvana. But then Miyamoto decided to take it a step further: You have only 30 "days" to complete the mission. (1 day in the game = approx. 15 minutes of actual playing time)While it's not all that difficult to finish the game before time's up, it does add an unwelcome sense of pressure and stress to what otherwise could have been a delightful and even relaxing game to play. The playfulness and sheer whimsy is overshadowed by a dark cloud of impending doom. When you could have been happily cheering your Pikmin on as they do your bidding, you may instead find yourself cursing at them. "Faster, you little morons! Faster! No, not that way you idiots! THAT way! Damn you! Damn you all to Vegetable Hell!"It was the time limit that prevented me from completing Pikmin back when it was released. (Not because I was unable to, but because I stopped playing because I didn't need the stress.) I've completed it recently, because I want to play Pikmin 2 (which has no time limit, thank God) with a clear conscience. One of my solutions to facing the 30 day challenge was to get into the habit of "scouting." You can only save your progress at the end of each day. At the beginning of each new day, the first thing I would do is explore the level (alone, without any Pikmin tagging along) to look for ship pieces, take note of obstacles, enemies, and the general lay of the land. Once I'd formulated a plan to get that piece back to the ship, I'd reset the Gamecube and reload my save file so I could have the entire day (i.e. 15 minutes) to achieve my goal. On the best days, I was able to retrieve a whopping TWO ship pieces. In my opinion, Pikmin should have let you take as many days as you needed to complete the game, and they could have offered a "Challenge Mode" with a time limit to satisfy the more hardcore gamers out there. As it stands, I now admit that this -is- a fun and addictive game. However, it could have been so much better and I would have finished it when I originally bought it instead of years later. I'm grading it on a curve, a curve set by Miyamoto himself with games like Super Mario World, Yoshi's Island, Legend of Zelda- A Link to the Past, Super Mario 64, and LoZ- Ocarina of Time.
I find this game hard and a little frustrating.  You have a time limit of 30 days each day is fifteen min to find 30 peices of your broken space ship in five levels with the help of pikmin.
pros. nice grephics. each Pikmin race has its own ability. the worlds are huge. the gameplay is very originalcons. the bosses are to easy to defeat. only three types of pikmins. the sunmeter is very enoying. the cameras are a real pain in the ass. olimar looks goofy
This game is cool while you start playing it. But once you get inside of it, you will find out that the game has no new things (only new color pikmins). Every level is the same thing: collect ship parts. The only thing that varies per level are the bad guys. I would consider it more of a rental than a buy. ONLY TRUE STRADEGY FANS WILL ENJOY IT!!
Super Smash Bros. Melee isn't as good as it's sequel on Wii. It's definitely worth buying, though. There's a good number of different modes, lots of stages, lots of characters, and more. It will keep you busy for a while, with lots of things to unlock.Presentation- 85/100Typical Smash Bros menu and opening scene.Graphics- 79/100Some things just don't look right.Sound- 90/100Super Smash Bros games always have good sound.Gameplay- 88/100This game is very fun to play most of the time.Replay Value- 64/100It gets boring before you finish unlocking everything.Overall- 72.5/100 (It's a high 3-star rating)
Eternal Darkness is definitely on the list of over rated games of the game cube. Let me show you why.Graphics: These are easily some of the shoddiest graphics seen on the gamecube this generation. The game was originally developed for the N64 and released in 2002 and it definitely shows. But the characters are extremely flawed graphically, and the entire polish of the game is unquestionably rough. Games like Super Smash Brothers Melee and Metroid Prime were released before or right around the same time and are still some of the best looking games around, but Eternal Darkness certainly fails here and it's one of the reasons why it loses in the scary factor. 6/10Sound: The sound is terrific. From the voice acting to the various effects, this game has it nailed. Nuff said. 10/10Gameplay: Terrible is the best way to put it. One major focus of this game is exploration, but it mainly consists of running by objects and seeing if you can press the B button. Placing objects is even more archaic since you constantly have to return to the menu. Easily the weakest element of this game is the combat. Absolutely horrific. Each character gets one decent melee weapon to use and it uses the same A-A-A button combination attack. The finishing move hardly differs, and combat gets old very quickly due to the weak targeting and the lack of enemies. The only enemy you will be fighting is a skeleton in 5 different colors. Mars the entire game. 4/10Story: Superb. The story unrolls through 11 different characters through different time periods. It's very engrossing, but they should have shortened the number of characters and made it so that the game's best ending could be seen in one playthrough. Only the most dedicated will sit through 3 playthroughs of this game. 8/10Scariness: Eternal Darkness, contrary to what many would have you believe really isn't that scary. If skeletons are scary then you might actually be scared. If not, you'll probably laugh. 6/10Overall: A pretty big disappointment and not worth your time. Average: 6.8.
This is one of the greats.  What a great game.  You will not have more fun playing this game for the first hour.  However, after that hour has finished, you will begin to see the game is really repetitive and kind of ugly.  Ugly meaning the graphics are dreamcast quality.  BUT WHO CARES.  YOu buy this game as a fun diversion for 20 minutes at a time, not as a long RPG you play for hours on end in the quest for the elf's magical bracelet.  If your purpose is fun over a short time.  You'll love this game.  If you want depth and hours of fun, look elsewhere.Aaron Shaw, reviewer for causual gamers.
Crazy Taxi is nothing more than it seems, a simply fun game. There are no real missions, no complex plot twists, no real story, just you and the open road...oh, and your customers.The object of the game is to pick up and drop off as many people in as little time as possible, often easier said than done. You can choose between four different driver, which are different in personality, but the same in driving skills. It really makes no difference which one you choose. The controls take a bit of getting used to, and unlike most driving games, the &quot;A&quot; button is not the gas pedal. Instead the &quot;R&quot; button is the gas, and the &quot;L&quot; button is the breaks.Graphically, this is a great game. The city is nicely detailed, and there is a wide variety of people, places, cars, and people at large. In the sound department, the game also has the edge. The car, street, and voices are all nicely done, and the music suits the game perfectly. What it lacks is variety, which means that you will be hearing the Offspring's &quot;All I Want&quot; twice in the same game.The flaws in this game come purely from the lack of variety. There is only one city, four drivers, the same passengers, the same four songs played over and over again. There is also no multiplayer mode. The list goes on. But keep in mind that that Crazy Taxi is not meant to be played for hours on end, it is a fun, wild, and wickedly enjoyable game. I would not recommend it to people who favor long, mission-based drivers, for them I would recommend &quot;Grand Theft Auto 3&quot;. For others who just want a bit of fun, this is your game. It is fun, but will get old fast and is unlikely to have a long life in your video game collection.
I like this game, it can be fun, but I found it got old FAST. There's just a couple of tracks and the gameplay is always the same with little to open up, what you see is what you get. I disliked how you have to perform the special moves, it should be more easy. The music in this first game is pretty good, well-suited, you'll get tired of it though, and driving without music isn't fun. I start to get sick of it after 10 minutes. The Dreamcast version is cheaper.
Playing this is essentially as close the films as I can imagine for right now, and that is glorious! My fave level is easily HOTH. However, the plot is told just at screens or in your ship, it's not so well-written. A lot of the levels don't feel too STAR WARS-esque, I think they should have introduced some SW Prequel dogfights into this, along with those ships. The codes are really cool, you can get all sorts of different ships, but they should be easier to input and save so you don't have to do it all the time. I love how the time adjusts in-game to the time that your Gamecube has, so if you're playing at dusk, Tatooine is at dusk also, and that's great. It makes it seem at least somewhat fresh, though they have you do some of the same exact things you did last time out, like race Wedge through the canyon and some missions are nearly the same as well. Voice talent is first rate, they got the actual Wedge and a reliable Mark Hamill impersonator. Ultimately, I feel RS1 was more interesting, more fun, just more exciting, RS2 seems like it should be more fun, and it isn't quite, maybe it was seeing the landscapes of RS1 being done on the N64... At any rate, some levels are great, just like the movies, others are made up and it's not fun to play the made-up levels (or levels from SW books), they aren't distinct as something from STAR WARS, it's like playing any other sci-fi shooter, maybe character interaction is key. I prefer to do what I've seen done in the films, maybe those few fights should have been concentrated on, given a few levels based on one scene, so the graphics could be even better and the gameplay could be more epic. I'd love to play the CLONE WAR in RS3, maybe Rogues weren't really around back then, but they could work around it. Anyway, parts could've been changed, made less mathematical, but it's still a pretty decent thrill.
Okay, why am I not surprised?  I mean there are more Star Wars games out there then there are Mario games!  Is that bad you ask?  Well no actually, and this game is perfectly fine (And fun), but well...all the Star Wars games are kinda the same thing!  I mean think about it, if you're not playing someone on the ground with a light saber or a gun then your in the sky pioleting some, well...ship!  I wish LucusARTS would slow down with the Star Wars games and bring us more original games like Monkey Island!
Liked it, but it wasn't my thing. I preferred the Star Fox Assault. It's more amusing in my opinion even though I'm not super fond of the person shooter part of the game.The game is good and all, the rating is due to personal taste. I did do about 70% of the missions or so.
When I purchased my Gamecube on December 1st, 2001, they're were tons of launch titles that excited me into buying the Gamecube instead of the Playstation 2. Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II was one of them. I saw videos on online gaming sites, and it blew me away. The amazing sound, the out-of-this-world graphics.I wasn't able to choose a game to buy when I bought my Gamecube, but I recieved Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 as a gift. After I beat Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, I got bored, and I decided to get Star Wars over Super Smash Bros: Melee. Boy, did I make a mistake!When you start Rogue Leader, you are greeted by little men in white costumes dancing to the LucasArt icon. As soon as you start, you see a X-Wing blast through the screen, and you see the amazing animation and explosion graphics. I was impressed. The menus are cool, and show clips of Episode 4, 5 and 6.When I started playing, I showed of the graphics, and what the Gamecube hardware was able to pull off. I kept playing, and playing. I wondered what I did wrong, but it was impossible for a person who hasn't play Rogue Squadron for Nintendo 64 to complete the first level. My cousin has Rogue Squadron for Nintendo 64, and we thought that it was really hard. Rogue Squadron is laughable compared to Rogue Leader. I haven't played Rogue Squadron for a while. I couldn't believe it, but it took me over an hour to complete the first level with a bronze medal. Even on easy mode, it still is impossible to beat.When I play a game as hard as Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II, I go to cheat sites to help me with my gameplay. I found cheat codes for Infinite Lives and health, I still couldn't beat some levels. I think this game is only made for people who were able to complete every level in Rogue Squadron for Nintendo 64 with Gold Medals.Even though Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was my first game, and I beat it so many times, I still go back and play it for old times sake. I even hooked up my Playstation and played Tony Hawk 2. I once went back and started playing Star Wars Rogue Leader: Rogue Squadron II, and honestly, I couldn't play it for more than a half-hour. A game like this really gets me frustrated. Out of the 6 games I own which are Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, Star Wars, Super Smash Bros: Melee, NBA Street, James Bond 007: Agent Under Fire and Aggressive Inline, I couldn't say without a doubt, Star Wars was the one that got the least time under the hood of my Gamecube.Well, I would only recommend it to Star Wars enthusiasts, this is a good game at heart. You definitely need a GameShark to beat this game. I gave individual ratings below;Graphics: 5/5Sound: 5/5Control: 4/5Tilt: 1/5Replay Value: 1/5Difficulty: 10/5Lasting Appeal: 2/5
It's one of the better Star Wars titles, but that's not saying much.  It has sleek graphics, somewhat entertaining gameplay with easy to get used to controlls.  If you like Star Wars games then you might want to try this one.  Other than that, it's nothing groundbreaking, and if anything, it's more of the same.
This game would just be so much better if it had multiplayer in it.  I know going 4 player would probably be near impossible, but 2 player would have been doable, with both a co-op feature, as well as a head-to-head combat.As a one player game this is a very good game, I'd recommend it to anyone who really like Star Wars, but the lack of a 2 player option just sort of kills it for me.
Super Monkey Ball might turn some people off because of the fact that you roll through level after level as a monkey living inside a ball.  The object of the game requires you to roll around the levels, going from one place to the other.  This can actually make you nauseous in the same way, for example, that the Minnesota Twins were beaten by the Oakland A's to advance to the next round of the playoffs.Super Monkey Ball gets its fair share of complaints for containing too many rip-offs of standard platform games.  It's true the game is very much like a 3D Donkey Kong or Kirby, but you shouldn't dismiss the game until you try it, at least.  It will satisfy you, probably.
This is a rather strange game.  You control a monkey in a hamster ball a complete various tasks such as roll yourself as a bolling ball, fly thru the air, or try to complete coarses while earning bananas.  The downside is there really isn't any plot and 1player can get boring pretty fast.  Though if you have a friend or two and an extra controller this game can dish out hours of fun.
When i got my Cube, this was the first game i got. I started playing it and I got bored in about 3 hours. The game is very repitative, you have to move the floor so the monkey trapped inside the ball moves and get bananas. Pretty boring! Except Multiplayer mode, which it can be the most addictive game for four players! Check below the Good and Bad things about it:The Good Things:-Awesome multiplayer-Cool characters-Nice graphics and sound-challenging-uniqueThe Bad Things:-Can get boring-Not fun (for one player)-Same thing over and over againOverall, this game is worth buying if you are a Marble Madness fan (for NES) or enjoy muliplayer fun!
In my opinion, a more advanced system than that of XBOX OR PLAYSTATION 2; however, it's downfall was the lack of interesting titles.  It seems Nintendo simply put it out there and then "forgot" to make a decent library of games for it.  I have lost faith in Nintendo.  SuperNintendo was the last great effort that Nintendo made.  Now we are onto PS3 and XBox 360, so I would not recommend this system to anyone at this time.
I got the gamecube in christmas 2002, i had fun with it and it was fun to have games like THPS3 then my friend said that the GC is gay and told me to trade it in for a xbox or PS2, i did'nt listen and was proud to have a GC. Now, i want to get a PS2 because i realized it is the most popular console and i want to be part of the PS2 owners group
All the brainiacs are trying to convince u to buy a gamecube over a ps2 becuase of its high Simultaneous Textures and polygon performance and stuff.... i dont know and i dont care wat those things are. An xbox might have better graphics, and gamecube might have a better controller , (the l and R buttons are comfy :) }but the ps2 console has wat those 2 consoles dont have and WONT have!! GAMES!! XBox owners make me sick by talking about the holy game, Halo. BIG WUP. 1 good game thats not on the ps2. well guess wat, ps2 has gta3, gran turismo, takken SEries,and tons of other games that arent on gamecube or xbox. And people keep talking about gta3 for xbox and gamecube.. r u insane? gta3 will come out for those 2 consoles when gta VICE CITY arives for ps2. gta3 , even though its the BEST game i have ever played, is gonna be old new since its sequel is supposedly better.So far i was ragging on the xbox. The gamecube isnt bad, accept for its games. Mario is old news and nintendo should stop. all the games are cartoons and are great for ages 6-11.BUY AN XBOX IF- Ur hands are as twice as big as a softball, if u care about polygonpartucilur memory and stuff (yes i did make that up) and if u like waiting 5 minutes for games to load and like when ur games crash.Buy a gamecube if- u dont want to spend so much on a ps2, if ur about 6-11 years old.Buy a ps2 if- u like all sorts of games
The GameCube is a fine console, but there aren't enough titles to make it really worth owning. The only worthwhile titles for GameCube that you can't get for the other consoles are the Mario games, the Zelda games, and Pikmin.Well, the Mario games so far for GameCube (&quot;Luigi's Mansion,&quot; &quot;Super Mario Sunshine,&quot; &quot;Mario Party 4,&quot; &quot;Mario Party 5&quot; and &quot;Mario Kart Double Dash&quot;) don't add much to the franchise, truthfully. The Party games have more minigames, but they still get old quickly. &quot;Double Dash&quot; adds nothing of real use -- you could always drive and throw things at the same time; who really cares that now it's separate characters doing the two things? And &quot;Sunshine&quot; is one of the most overrated games ever.The lone Zelda title for GameCube (&quot;The Wind Waker&quot;) was an OK entry in that series, but nowhere near as good as its best (&quot;A Link to the Past,&quot; for SNES, and &quot;Ocarina of Time,&quot; for N64).&quot;Pikmin&quot; is a really innovative, cute and entertaining (if frustrating) game. But worth buying a console for? Not really.Practically all of the other worthwhile games for GameCube are also available for XBox and PS2 (&quot;SSX Tricky,&quot; &quot;SSX 3,&quot; the Simpsons games, &quot;Gauntlet: Dark Legacy,&quot; &quot;Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance,&quot; etc.) In addition, there are *lots* of games worth playing that are not available on Nintendo, like the Grand Theft Auto games (and many other adult-skewing titles).This was the first of the new consoles that I bought. I wish I had gone with a PS2 (which I eventually bought anyway). The siren song of Zelda lured me to Nintendo, but in the end, unless you're buying the system for a young child, you're better off with PS2 or XBox.
I own a Nintendo GameCube in Indigo and it doesn't compare to PlayStation 2 or Xbox. Nintendo has really gone downhill since this system but they have brought themselves back up again with the Nintendo DS. This has pretty good graphics but PlayStation 2's and Xbox's graphics are way better. Some things I really like about this console is that it is very small. It even has a handle which is very easy for carrying. The fan is really nice too. This is one of the only systems that doesn't overheat if you leave it on for a day or so. The controllers are okay and pretty comfortable and they are pretty cheap now. The Wavebird is really cool because Nintendo makes it and PlayStation 2 and Xbox have wireless controllers but they are made by wierd providers. I do like some of the games like Soul Calibur 2 and I also like Super Smash Bros. Melee. Here are the specifications of the Nintendo GameCube.GeneralName Nintendo GAMECUBEType Game consoleColor IndigoHeight 4.3 inWidth 5.9 inDepth 6.3 inMedia Type Nintendo GAMECUBE discProcessorType IBM PowerPC "Gekko" 485 MHzData Width 64 bitInstruction set X86-to-RISCMemory / StorageRAM installed size 24 KBCache size 256 KBVideoVideo Output ATI Flipper 64-bit 2D/3D graphics accelerationSupported Video NTSC HF TV signal Installed, Component video Installed, Composite video InstalledGraphic Effects Shadows, Fog effects, MIP-mapping, Bump mapping, Anti-aliasing, Alpha-blending, Texture lighting, Bilinear filtering, Trilinear filtering, Anisotropic filtering, Texture compression (S3TC)MemoryRAM technology 1T-SRAMAudioSound Memory 16 KBAudio Processor ATI Flipper 81 MHzSound Output Mode 16-bit:StereoMax sample rate 48 KHzInput DeviceInput device type Game padDisplayType None.Display (projector) type None.Memory CardType FlashStorage Capacity 4 MBColor Light blueExpansion / ConnectivityTotal free slots 2PowerPower consumption operational 100 WattBattery NonePower device frequency required 60 HzVoltage Required  10% 60 HzCommunicationsModem / Comm. NoneConnectionsInput/Output connections 1 x GameCube AV output (GameCube digital AV connector), 1 x GameCube AV output (GameCube analog AV output), 4 x Game controllerExpansion Slot(s) Total (Free) 2 2 Installed Memory, 3 Expansion slotWarrantyService & support type 1 year warrantyIt's a nice small gaming console but I wouldn't recommend you buying it.(...)
Before I begin, just note that I am a completely unbiased gamer. I have owned at one time or another, many of the the nintendo, sony, and microsoft consoles, and love them all equally. After selling my cube recently to get a Wii, I recollected my memories of the cube, and pondered over whether it was a good investment.The answer, I found, was a hesitated yes.Here's why.Games-There are about a dozen really good ones, but overall, there is nothing special at all about the cube game library. Unfortunately, Nintendo had no third party support because of it's special discs and development kits, that were much harder to program than a PS2 or XBOX game. That was a huge mistake for nintendo, bacause it is very unlikely that a console can be successful without third party support. But when you do find one of the few rare jems, then the cube really shines. Examples of these would be:1. Super Smash Bros. Melee2. Mario Sunshine (kiddie, but fun)3. Resident Evil 44. Mario Strikers (sleeper hit that was suprisingly violent)5. Zelda Windwaker/ Twilight Princess6. Metroid Prime7. Tales of Symphonia8. Timesplitters 29. Mario Tennis10. Paper Mario11. Mario Kart12. Pikmin 2These games, while mostly kiddie (though a few are very violent), are some of the most fun you can have on a console of the gc/ps2/xb generation. These games alone make it worthy of a purchase, but maybe not strong enough to stand against the quantity of great games on other consoles.Design-This referes to only the design of the system and the controller. This is mostly a failure on nintendo's part, due to a couple key mistakes. First of all, the standard gamecube is purple. It is also a cube. Both these factors make looking at the gamecube extremely hard on the eyes, and those looking for a sleek addition to their home theaters will be extremely disappointed. But the interface of the system is wonderfully easy, and the inclusion of four controller ports made party games easy and fun.But another mistake was the the disign of the controller. First, there is the rediculous ABXY setup, which makes the A button too big, the B button too small, and the X and Y buttons positioned so akwardly, that playing games becomes a chore. The C stick is also a chore to use, because it is an unresponsive nub of a stick, that would have greatly benefited by becoming a full analog stick, like the main one on the left. The shoulder buttons could have also used a second set of triggers, instead of the completely useless Z button. But the controller is easy to get used to, and the big A button does mean simpler mechanics for simpler games. But considering the other two consoles had very similar controllers, this akward controller made porting games over to that cube increadibly wonky and undesireable.Hardware-Im not going to go into details, but the Cube's hardware is generally good, and graphics can almost compete with the XBOX (almost). Gamecube games also put you through much less loading times. the cube is also very reliable, and you will rarely, if ever, suffer through a crash. Cube discs did not allow developers to do as much as a PS2 or XBOX disc, but they work and there is not much to get offended by here. No online play is a big letdown, but the party games on the system almost made up for that as far as multiplayer goes. DVD functionality is somewhat of a letdown as well, but DVD is really not very important, when almost every other elecronic device can play DVDs. The lack of DVD support did not hurt the quality of games, so in the end who really cares?Price-Origionally $199 ($100 less than the competition)Dropped to $99 a few years later (much less than competition)You can now find them under $50 (still much lees than competition)nuff said.Overall-The cube is not nintendo's best effort, and I'm sure we will see much better from them in the future. But this is still a fun system to play with, and still has great value. Considering it is much cheaper than all the other consoles, it amounts to much less than it's competition, but much more than failure. That is why I give it an overall 3 out of 5.
Zelda, Metroid, Super Smash Bros. Melee, Super Monkey Ball, and more. Sounds like a long, varied list of interesting games, and it is, by and large. But look beyond the first-tier lineup, and Nintendo's software schedule begins to look somewhat bleak. That's the Gamecube's biggest weakness. If you don't buy more than five games a year, then you might be satisfied with the lineup that's available, but if you're always hungry for something new, the Gamecube's probably not for you.While the system is stripped down to a certain degree - it only plays games - what it does, it does reasonably well. The graphics are sharp, the first party titles are uniformly excellent, and the flexibility of four controller ports, and a slew of party games make the Gamecube *the* multiplayer game box to own, if you've got friends over for games.However, having played every console out there, the biggest hardware problem for me is the Gamecube's controller. With an unconventional button layout, and missing some features from the competitor's controllers, the unique Gamecube controller makes games that aren't native to the GC somewhat difficult to control. Because the GC has the fewest number of buttons, and no analog stick "click" functionality, games that maximize the use of the PS2 and xbox controllers never survive the porting process intact. The size of the controller itself can also be problematic. I don't have huge hands, but after an hour or two, the size of the GC's controller makes for an uncomfortable gaming experience. it's a shame, too, because the analog stick is the best analog stick available.The Gamecube, as a *primary* console, isn't a bad bet. It has some really stellar first party titles, and a reasonably varied list of third party titles to fill the void. But, if you're looking for a constant influx of new content, you'll find more varied libraries on the PS2 or xbox, and the Gamecube's online experience is a pale shadow of the excellent Live service, on the xbox.As a secondary console, just know what you're getting into. Virtually every port will be better on another console, due to the superior graphics of the xbox, or the more flexible controller Sony offers. You'll need a GC to experience a masterpiece like Metroid Prime, and as long as you know that the Nintendo first party titles are relatively few and far between, it'll give you an excellent gaming experience.
There's not much to say about a memory card. It saves games, saves changes in your GameCube also, in the Calendar... I like its design, it's really little. It had to be, because the Slots for Memory Cards at the GameCube are little. The bad thing about it is that it doesn't have too much memory. In my case, with three games, the memory from the Memory Card was over... But it's not that bad. And you can't play games without it... The Memory Card is very useful.
Meh, average FPS.  You can play as a marine, alien or Predator.  That's kinda fun.  But overall it gets boring.
... and be ready to scream louder that you ever have screamed before. Well, at least for the first 3rd of the game. I was looking for a good scary game, heard of this game, and picked it up. Indeed, few games have scared me more than the marine campaign of this game, if the makers just made that campaign longer and kept the different races in multiplayer, I just might be happy with my 30 dollar purchase of this game. The predator & alien campaigns are just bad compared to the marine one. For many reasons too, it is well paced, has a memorable main character, and it is SCARY. I screamed almost every single time an alien popped up onscreen. You might want to pick up the game, because of the low price is charging it. I think it is a dissapointment
With Jak and Daxter, developer Naughty Dog basically retreads over the successes of their past, stopping only to make a few necessary tweaks that had been sorely lacking in similar titles in the past. And that's not necessarily a bad thing, because the platforming genre had by this time been hammered down to a few absolutely key elements that are necessary for such a title to be successful. At a glance, the game presents nothing all that noteworthy; a gratingly bubbly cartoonish cast, a story pulled right out of a coloring book, bright and shiny graphics to match, the existence of an occasional power-up, and a large cluster of bottomless pits. Make no mistake, if you cringe at the thought of spending a few days in front of a game that looks and speaks like something you'd expect to see on a Saturday morning cartoon, this is absolutely not the game for you. If you share a house with more than just a pet or two, your roommate(s), spouse(s) or family member(s) will be making fun of you. If you're at a point, spiritually and emotionally, where you can deal with that... there's a somewhat enjoyable little game buried underneath it all.The storyline is easy to establish, short on dialogue and heavy on gameplay, and that's just about the extent of the good things I can say about it. The story is bare bones at best, establishing the good guys and the bad guys right off the bat, (the bad guys are the ones with tusks) introducing a conflict (the guys with tusks want to unleash chaos on the world) and a motivation, (Jak's buddy Daxter falls into a pit of mystery goo, transforming him into a furry critter) eventually unleashing you out onto the world to fight evil or some such nonsense. The characters themselves are just paper-thin and almost completely devoid of emotion or appeal.Jak, the main character, (naturally) is conspicuous in his silence throughout the tale, leaving the majority of the speaking parts to the green sage (an elderly wizard who grants you a miniature nugget of motivation at the outset of each level) and Daxter, (the aforementioned furry sidekick, equipped with enough cheesy one liners to make Rodney Dangerfield spin wildly in his grave) both of whom are way, way over the top in the "flamboyant personality" department. Once in a while, the sage's daughter will pop in to share a new bit of technology or something, and as you visit new towns you'll meet a new character or two, but for the most part it's Daxter and the sage bouncing off of one another and Jak standing around to make confused or frustrated faces.If you've played any of the post-SNES three dimensional platformers that preceded it, you've probably got a good handle on how Jak and Daxter feels. You've got an overhead camera dangling just behind you at all times, a couple very basic attacks, and the vital ability to jump. As you progress through the game, you'll discover different variations upon Jak's abilities as they're necessitated, such as the ability to somersault, to crouch, to double-jump and to long jump. What's cool is that these abilities aren't something you need to unlock... they're available right from the get-go, so there's a process of experimental discovery that makes you feel directly involved in Jak's progression as a character. On the other hand, the existence of these abilities and instructions on their use are never truly explained, so if you haven't discovered the long jump by the time Jak needs to clear a large canyon by his lonesome, you're in for a long, painful series of trials and errors.Despite the occasional difficulty in explaining its own controls, the actual gameplay of Jak is largely a lot of fun. Obstacles are challenging without being frustrating, most of the puzzles are just difficult enough to whir your gears without forcing you to seek out a walkthrough in a moment of fury, and the boss fights are wholly entertaining. It makes good use of the power-ups, staggering them early to get you used to their intentions and then introducing them at just the right times as they become more and more important later in the game. It does have a few small hiccups that will continually bother a refined gamer by failing to function as designed at critical moments. For example, Jak doesn't always latch onto the corner of a ledge, Prince of Persia-style, like he's supposed to. Nine times out of ten, he'll perform the brave feat without hesitation, but it seems like the most important jumps are usually where he has the most trouble, slamming into the edge of a platform and then awkwardly vibrating for a moment before falling to his death. Likewise, the extremely touchy nature of the double-jump system also provides for its share of headaches.Although I complained a bit earlier about the game's hesitancy to fully explain its control scheme, once you've experimented enough to actually discover all of the characters' possible actions, the full control scheme is really very basic and easy to grasp. The way some games map out their button setups, I wonder if they're expecting players to have an extra arm installed to make some certain actions possible (the Xbox release of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas springs to mind.) Jak overcomes this potential flaw by keeping things extremely simple and never requiring the use of more than two or maybe three buttons at the same time, analog stick included. By limiting themselves to the R1 button, the four main control buttons (X,O,Triangle and Square) and the analogs, they ensure you never need to move a finger into an awkward position and allow you to really envelop yourself in the game.I think I was expecting a bit more out of the graphics, since this was an early title for the PS2 and that's usually when developers are frothing at the mouth over the new hardware and going out of their way to show off everything it can do. The visuals of Jak and Daxter just feel like a marginal improvement over the visuals of Naughty Dog's PSone titles, and certainly didn't age well in the almost five years since it was released. Part of that is due to the cartoony direction taken by the art, but you can't blame the lumpy renderings of the sage's face when speaking or the distractingly simplistic appearance of most of the game's enemies on artistic decision. Some things, such as the distant skylines in the forest and the radiating glow of eco matter in the wild, are very well executed, but on the large this is no showpiece for the PS2's visual capabilities. Bluntly, if you're looking for an exceptional early graphical display on the PS2, keep looking.Voice acting aside, I can't say much nicer things about the audio. I suppose it's of a higher quality than the tunes found on the old PSone, albeit not by much, but the compositions themselves are so aggravatingly bouncy, joyful and happy that if you aren't, in actuality, a Care Bear, you'll want to rip your hair out by the roots. While I'm not sure something like heavy metal or R&B; would suit the feel of the game much better, I was expecting something a little more contemporary and interesting, considering the marketing that announced the game's launch (remember the commercials with the title characters reclining, poolside, with a cluster of bikini-clad young ladies? Yeah, I don't think they were aiming those at the 7-10 year old market.) The voice acting is sound, for the most part, with a few performances standing out above the others. The dark sage's voice perfectly matches his demeanor and appearance, while the green sage really feels like an old man tired of the world that surrounds him, but determined to aid in its resuscitation, all the same. On the other side of the coin, bad voice acting isn't exactly missing, either, and the dialog is so bad that even the competent actors have trouble making their lines come to life.When stripped down to its very basics, Jak and Daxter is an entertaining play. While there isn't anything the actual gameplay does badly, nit-picky flaws aside, there's also nothing that it really excels at. It's a good next-gen translation of an already-enjoyable system of mechanics, controls and direction, basically reading the map drawn by its forefathers and following it to the gold buried at the end. If it weren't for the abysmal storytelling, the hot and cold voice acting and the sub par graphics and sound, this would probably be deserving of a score well above average, that map is so well-drawn. Unfortunately, I can't honestly say that those factors don't affect my opinion of the disc itself, and they drag my score down by quite a bit. If you can shut your brain off or go to make a sandwich during the speaking parts and accept the visuals for what they are, you'll really enjoy this one. For those of us looking for a complete package, prepare to be somewhat disappointed.
As with most platformers, story is not a heavily concerned thought. The same pertains to Jak and Daxter, as a simple story drives this game along. The main plot of the game rests on Daxter, Jak's brother, who was transformed into a small, orange muskrat by a substance called "dark eco." Feeling very guilty over Daxter's transformation, he puts him on his shoulder and goes out into the world to find a cure. I must commend Naughty Dog for character choice though. How often do you get to control a spiky-haired elf and a small, orange rodent. Though there are very few twists and major plot turns in the game, Jak and Daxter continues the primary focus that platformers are shallow story games. Just like the Mario games, everyone knows that a platform game's strongest category is gameplay.The main style of gameplay in this game revolves around collecting items, and a % completed meter will remain in check as you collect these items. Just like Super Mario 64's Stars and Banjo-Kazooie's Jiggies, Jak and Daxter must collect power cells. Power cells will be awarded by completing certain tasks in the game, or finding them in hidden locations. Another very collected item in the game is the Precursor Orb. These orbs are all over the place in each level and serve as the money oriented object in this game. Collecting enough of them will allow you to trade them in to other characters for Power Cells. Power Cells and Precursor Orbs are just a few of the items you will need to collect in order to raise your % completed percentage.While the game does have its entertaining gameplay moments, there are some that are rather boring. Most of the time you will be running around scrounging for Orbs to turn in for Power cells. Sometimes on more interesting parts, you will be asked by other characters to do errands for them, and will reward you on your outcome. Other events include collecting a certain number of scout flies, climbing tall structures, shooting a certain number of foes with fire balls, and oddly catching a fixed amount of fish in a short time. Levels are very large and creatively designed. Usually when getting on a large perch you can even see other levels in the distance. Also, what makes the game even more inviting is that there are no major load times, whatsoever.I felt that the graphical nature of the game shined very brightly. Naughty Dog has really taken advantage of the Playstation 2's graphical processing, and it really shows throughout the game. As noted before, the horizon stretches out seemingly forever and there are no annoying pop-ups. The frame rate is a bit wild at time in certain areas, but it is nothing that really takes away from the gameplay. From the lava filled volcano, to the blizzard covered mountains, to just the average jungle town, every aspect of the game is colorful and true to the platform style gameplay. Character designs won't disappoint either. The fluent movements of Jak and Daxter are all portrayed excellently despite their few moves. The enemies look fine as well, and play their role in different levels throughout the game. Now while the Playstation 2 is usually criticized for its lack of texture processing, this game really proves them wrong. The high resolution presents colors and obstacles with practically no pixelation whatsoever. The cinema scenes correlate with the moving story of the game, and the facial animations go well with the comic oriented dialog. I believe that this game will set the primary standard for future PS2 platforms.The sound/musical aspect of the game is one of the more disappointing features of the game. The character acting basically revolves around the comic relief of Daxter. While at times he is funny, most of his jokes are pretty lame. They are still light hearted though and make him an enjoyable aspect to the game. Jak the hero is mute throughout the whole game, and most of the other characters rarely have anything interesting to say. The music of the game isn't anything special either. Most of the time you will generally not even notice it. All in all, though while it isn't anything unique, most of the tunes go well with the atmosphere.All in all, Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy is definitely the best platform game on the PS2 right now, next to Jak II ,the sequel. This game, while not very original, brings a unique and interesting platform experience. It is a shame that the replay value of the game has nothing to offer once you complete it. However, the single player experience is the reason that you even play platform games, and while the game isn't incredibly challenging, it does have its moments. If you want to know what happened before Jak II, or enjoy platforms in general, then look no further.
I'm torn about this game.  For the most part, I don't really have fond memories of it but memories of frustration; which is quite unusual for me.  I've actually had this game since I was very young.  If a game is hard enough (it must be extremely difficult for me), I can get tired of playing it and put it down, as well as forget about it, for several years. Then, later in my life, I dig it back out to complete it (often my skills have improved since I last played).  So, in that respect, it occasionally takes me years to complete a game.  I'll give you the cons and the pros in that order.  Ultimately, it's up to you to decide whether or not this game is even worth your time.Cons:1.  This game is one player only.  This isn't a problem to me, as a solo gamer; but I know many people like to play in groups or with a partner.  This especially hurts this game in fields relevant of today's; where almost everything is designed for the possible participation of at least four people.  I'm just warning you about this upfront.2.  No ending.  There is no ultra secret ending; it's all an over-hyped disgrace.  You have a door that requires at least one hundred power cells to open it.  You literally go from that you-know-what-hot-place and back to get one hundred of those stinking power cells only for a white light that the characters awe over.  You never even know what the white light belongs to!  Don't bother completing the game one hundred percent for something better either.  It doesn't work; that's all you get.  This made me so Hoover Dam mad!  They had absolutely no right to yank our chains like that.3.  Repetitious music.  Even upon hearing it for the first time in years, I'm sick of it.  It's okay at first; but even to begin with, the music could be better.4.  Various control quirks.  Jak looks horrible when he's jumping (like some deranged bird trying to fly) and his double jump doesn't even work if you wait even half of a second too long.  This leads to a lot of unnecessary deaths by falling.  Also, camera controls are just awful; it can get pretty difficult when your camera is determined to stay in one angle, when you need it to go into another.  This causes even more deaths by falling.5.  Hard and Frustrating.  Remember all of those deaths by falling I mentioned earlier?  You'll probably go through thousands of those as well as get lost a thousand times.  Have a stress ball or pillow ready, or you may break your game through your urge to thrash it.  Adding to this frustration, Daxter can occasionally be an annoyance (a cocky coward who's all talk).6.  Various glitches and somewhat poor level design.  This, combined with Jak's terrible jumping ability, can make this game a complete nightmare.  Look around online for more specifics on the glitches (thankfully, I don't think I've encountered many, if any) but trust me: they won't make your life easier.7.  Overused enemies.  You pound a lot of the same creatures, even over the course of different areas.Pros:1.  Beautiful graphics.  nice, lush backgrounds pertaining to forests, beaches, caves, and towns.  They use good graphics for lost cities, the citadel (which is like the final level), and labs too, but those can be a little repetitious.  If you take a few minutes to watch the sky in a natural environment, you can watch the cycles of day and night with the sun, stars, and moon.  Although it cycles slightly too quickly, I think that's the most impressive part of it.  Oh, bear in mind these graphics are slightly cartoonish.2.  Decent plot.  It's also very simple: Jak and his friend, Daxter, are exploring someplace the Green Sage told them not to go.  While they are exploring, they find a pool of dark eco, a sinister and black element harmful to all creatures.  After they find it, they are spotted by a villainous sentry which initiates a battle.  Jak fight while Daxter hides behind him; but the force of Jak knocking out the sentry causes Daxter to fall in the dark eco.  Daxter comes out, but soon realizes (and screams) over being transformed into a cute and furry little ottsel.  They return to the Green Sage, who scolds them for going where he told them not to go.  He's reluctant to help, eventually slipping the information that he can't help anyway: only the White Sage can help.  Now, how and where do you find him?  That's where the journey begins.3.  Comical/interesting characters.  Most of the characters are funny.  In the earlier stages of the game, Daxter will say something funny every time Jak passes out (gets defeated on land), even to the point of insinuating that Jak's breath smells.  Also early in the game, the Green Sage scolds and screams at them like crazy; which is also funny.  Sadly, at the later points of the game, these jokes go away making some of the characters seem serious and out of material (which isn't overwhelmingly) much).  That doesn't mean there aren't any more interesting characters: Kiera, for example, is a female inventor of sorts that will make various crafts for you.  You'll also bump into a sculptor looking for his muse and even a guy wearing a barrel.  The sculptor and barrel wearing guy, however, are characters that can only be spoken to a limited number of times.4.  The fishing minigame is fun.5.  It's addictive at first.Conclusion:That's all I can really say.  This game had the potential to be excellent, but it didn't quite hit the mark.  Those with a lot of patience will enjoy it the most.  Don't give it to younger children unless they're really skilled; or they won't enjoy it.  You can buy it if you want a real challenge (that has quirks), or if something here really appeals to you; but other than that, there are better platformers out there.
This is a beautiful(forest,water,beaches) platform game. Very realistic and detailed. Daxter adds the cuteness factor while being the "mascot". Luckily, you have missions; go out and find power cells,etc. Unfortunately, that can get reeally boring after searching and searching. If you don't get everything you can't move to the next part. Probably best to have the strategy guide next to you. On my own I grew frusterated and wasn't close to finishing the game by the time it was due back. I do wonder that if I had bought it, I'd have gotten farther and feel differently. After this, there were two Jak minus Daxter games made which turned me off and reviews for those said that the games were in a new battle type direction, so I never tried any more.
Great characters. Nice world. I just didn't like playing this game simple as that.  May I suggest a good platformer, sly cooper.  Im playing that game now and it made me change my perspective on platformers. I thin the world in this game is too big and i get lost. thats why i didnt like it.
Max Payne sets itself apart from most of the other current XBox titles.  While the storyline and gameplay aren't totally revolutionary, it does offer more than many of the &quot;eye candy only&quot; games.In the game you play through a series of scenes intermixed with cut scenes that fill in the story and give context to the scenes you are playing.  Gameplay is simply driving Max around and killing bad guys, possibly having to solve a puzzle or two along the way.  Nothing mind bending, but pretty fun.To enable you to take on more enemies than normal the game has a &quot;bullet time&quot; mode, which is just like the slow motion sequences from The Matrix.  This sets the game apart and is actually useful in some battles.The graphics are mediocre at best.  Scenes are generally dark and the camera can get downright jerky at some points.  Given that none of the scenes are particularly large and there are no large outdoor environments (like Halo), I would have expected better.Overall, Max Payne is worth a rent.  A few solid days of play time is all you need to get some enjoyment from it.
I just feel that this game is bogged down with too much story and the comic book style cut scenes drive me mad.  The voice acting is pretty bad like a late night bad action b movie on cable.  I liked the graphics and the controls were pretty easy I spent a few minutes with the tutorial so far it is a fun game plenty of gun play and plot twists (I am on the hotel level as we speak.)  This is the first time I have ever played Max Payne and since I got it for $15 from Target it was money well spent despite the &quot;story&quot;  recommended to action fans but I only got it on Wednesday I wonder how much longer I'll be playing it?  I hope it lasts longer than a Noo Yawk minute though
This game has great matrix action and good graphics and sound and music and all the performance you need thanxs to the xbox!But alot of suggestive themes and very sad and violent...not as bad as soldier of fortune for pc but still pretty bad...I reccomend at least 15year olds or older, nothing below unless ya have your parents permission like I do!(I'm 13)
Challenging but graphics are only as good as PS1
When LucasArts began releasing the classic Star Wars games, everyone was amazed.  Great graphics, gameplay, story, and games that REALLY got you into the game.  Well, unfortuantly, every game in the world can't be a classic, as is the case here, but when I bought it, poped it in to my XBOX, and began playing...I couldn't stop!  It was fun, it was creative, and while it may not be the greatest game in the world, it was a game worthy of buying in my book.  Here's what I thought of Star Wars: Obi-Wan for the Microsoft XBOX:1) Gameplay: This game takes you through the life of Obi-Wan.  You start out on a planet of gang members, trying to stop them from killing your friends and co-workers.  You learn all of the sweet moves: Air jump, force grab (takes guns out of enemies hands), force push (knocks enemies on the floor or off cliffs), and force weapon (uses objects in the area like rocks, or crates, and rams them into enemies).  You'll also discover Obi-Wan can do back and front flips, and has one of the coolest toys in the world...a *LIGHT SABER*!  You walk around in a 3rd person view controlling Obi-Wan with the left thumb stick, and control the Light Saber (when you pull it out) with the right thumb stick.  And the control here is FLAWLESS!  Pushing to the right causes you to attack enemies in that direction, pushing up will bring his lightsaber to come crashing down on enemies.  Of course if your fighting someone else with a lightsaber, you have to block his attacks, use the force (literally), and get the hits in before your get killed yourself.  It's all very challenging and fun once u get farthur into the game...the coolest part being when u learn to THROW your lightsaber like a boomerang across the room, knock out a few guards, that have it fly back for more force flying, back-flipping, light clashing battle.Now, with these skills, you must somehow beat 15+ missions and help Obi-Wan save the world...again.  Very fun in the long run!And, once u beat the game, you can unlock new characters, arenas, and such for multiplayer.  I'll go into that later!2) Graphics: This is where the game failed.  There is no excuse for a game to lack graphics on the Microsoft XBOX.  They're better than most N64 games, maybe even most PlayStation games, but any system other than that could have supported this with no trouble at all!  To begin with, the faces of the people are...there.  They're choppy, small dots for eyes, beards are brown blocks, etc...  It's ugly!The worst part here, though, is all the freezing this game has.  It has major glitches.  If your in the middle of a big battle, things will start to slow down, the music and sounds will start to get choppy.  When a lot is going on, the framerate drops, and everything looks like a game that...in a word...stinks!  The graphics, for the most part, are pretty good.  But nothing has any detail.  There are no faces, no animals in the grass, no real living water.  And the framrate gets so choppy at times, you can't even play...really annoying.  Counsidering the power of the XBOX, all the glithces and lack of detail are in-excusable.  This game might have even worked on the N64, and in today's world, ladies and gentlemen, thats sad (especially on the XBOX).3) Multiplayer: Extremely fun.  As you progress through the game, you unlock characters and arenas to fight in.  While it's only for 2 players, it is pretty fun.  You can knock your openants down, fling objects into them, have light-saber battles, hop all over the place, fling your lightsaber like a boomerang, etc..  It's all fun and good, but 4 players would have been, in one word, AWSOME.  And the fact that they didn't include 4 players is just another blown effort.  This, with a little work, could have been a 5-star game.  But it seems like the makers got lazy toward the end, and just didn't add what could have been added.Overall, this is a great game, especially since you can soon find it on the &quot;*Platinum Hits*&quot; lineup (a group of games that, starting soon, you will be able to pick up for less then twenty bucks!).  It's a really fun game, and even the multiplayer is pretty cool.  More options here would have been better.Hopefully they'll make an Obi-Wan 2, and put the work into a good game, that could have made this a *CLASSIC* game.  A good game none the less, reccomended to all action gamers, and of course, *MAJOR* Star Wars fans.  This won't disapoint, as long as your not expecting greatness.Thx!obryanstars*
After numerous times of my computer crashing and having to start from scratch, I finally got an external harddrive so got further than I ever have.  I'm to retrieve something from a burial cave near a campsite of people who don't like you too much.  Not only was there some flame monster chasing me on the way there that wouldn't leave me alone after I got there, which the camp people didn't help me with.  They wouldn't even sell me potions or anything unless I forked out alot of gold!  Stupid!  The burial cavern is also impossiple!  You have to have magic spells or magic items.  If I would've known that, I would've brought all the ones I had with me!  The creatures in the cave aren't effected by normal weapons.  Not only that, but I'm gonna have to face that fire monster on the way back and may not make it.  Stupid!  You also get effected too much later in the game with blight or other status where you have to keep on taking special potions till you're back to normal.  I understand there should be an element of difficulty in games, but this is overkill!  Not only that, but it takes forever to get anywhere in this game.  There's too much to do and keep track of.  I'd rate the beginning parts/quests 4 stars, but so far I haven't felt like getting back to it, so I'd rate it at most 2 stars where I'm at now.  If you like first person RPGs, I suggest King's Field.  Think they only made those for the PlayStation 1 and 2.  They're about due for another one!To be fair to the game I decided to follow up this review with something I would've written before I got stuck.  The game is pretty inventive and has quite a bit of tasks that will keep you busy.  The only thing is the game seems a bit repetative.  There's not enough variety, and I do agree with one review I read about there not being any waterfalls, bird filled forests, sunrises and sunsets, and other similar visual attractions.  Yes, this game is a bit dark, but isn't bad.  For the time it came out the graphics and sounds aren't bad.  I like the first person view and that you can make it 3rd person to look at your character and she how awesome he/she is with his/her current armor/clothing.In my opinion the positives are:1) You can bribe salespeople so you can buy low and sell high.2) You have free reign with your character creation.  You have quite a bit of options to choose from as far as character origination, class, and specialty.3) There are alot of items you can find in caves, homes, etc.4) You can clean out homes as long as no one is watching.  I find this funny as I can clear people's shelves and take the pillows off their beds. LOL  You can also steal from shop owners.  I stole quite a bit of weapons and armor from someone's chest while peaking around the corner of a village not too far from the one you start in.  Only thing was I had to keep on coming back, because I would get overencumbered.  This really helped me build some money and get some good equipment.  I know it's not good to steal, but this is just a game, and if you don't get caught, why not? LOLIn my opinion the negatives are:1) Later on in the game you get infected with blight, disease, and other status effects too often.  I guess they want me to always carry a bunch of cure potions on me???2) You end up being unprepared for some places you spend alot of time getting to.  I am in one such place now.  I spent alot of time getting there as well as having a flame monster chasing me.  I didn't have what I needed and the people at the camp did not want to help me.  This quest is actually part of the main game.  Casius Cosus, or whatever his name is, tells you to come here to prove you are the chosen one.3) Some things are too repetative:  people say the same things; the caves look the same, I've had the same armor like forever; same enemies except some are blighted, diseased or otherwise; your quests are all the same where you have to go retrieve some item... sometimes you have a hard time finding it4) Your weapons and armor breakdown too fast. Would be nice if they lasted a bit longer or allowed you to repair them yourself. I have repair vices, grips, etc. but the game doesn't allow me to use them for some reason.5) Some of the enemies are way too hard for where you're supposed to be in the game. I was kicking butt until I got to a place that required me to have magic weapons/skills... really stupid. I don't like being forced to have to use magic if I don't have a magic based character. I find that really stupid.6) It takes too long to get to some places, especially if you become overencumbered. I was in one such place in Vivee I believe... took me forever to get there and back and would get overencumbered too quick. Also had enemies there that kept on decreasing my stats thus making me overencumbered too quick anyway. When I learned this, I would save right before facing them, and they kept on re-appearing after I already killed them all. Maybe there's a wizard/sorceror that keeps on calling them up there. Who knows?7) Some towns are way too big and confusing: towns like Vivee. Everything looks the same, and it's easy to get lost. I understand there should be some mazes here and there, but in towns???So all in all as I said originally I give this game 4 stars in the beginning when it's easier to figure things out and things weren't so repetative but 2 stars later on when it gets too boring, repetative, and hard.
Morrowind overall is a decent game, but it has a LOT of things going against it. At times it feels more like a solo MMORPG, and it's not for everyone.Pros:*Plot - This is the only part of the game that I don't find flaw in. The main story is great and there is plenty of amazing lore. This is the part of the game that is worth playing.*Music - Composed by Jeremy Soule, the music is fantastic.*Environment - The island is fantastic and mysterious, with an endless number of neat places to explore.*Graphics - The graphics are great for the time the game was released.*Character Class Customization - Provides you with endless ways to customize your character, though the physical customization is severely lacking.Cons:*Music - Okay, the music itself is amazing. However, it is implemented VERY poorly. Instead of songs tailored to specific aspects of the game, such as a main theme, battle themes and zone themes, there is just a handful of songs that loop throughout the entire game. This greatly cripples the environment and overall feel of the game. For example, in Icewind Dale you have beautiful wind instruments for the peaceful town and bellowing horns for the ruins of a dwarven city. In Morrowind, you have a few themes (including main theme) that loop all the time, and a few battle themes. You can be in a dark, evil Sixth-house cave and hear the gorgeous wind instruments and strings of the main theme playing, which pretty much ruins any sort of immersion. It almost feels like you're listening to a small playlist on iTunes while playing the game.*Environment - While there may be some really well designed areas in this game, it's very repetitive. Once you've seen one cave, shipwreck, grotto, Dwemer ruin, Sixth-house shrine, etc. you've seen them all...and there are a LOT of them. It gets old exploring areas that all look the same. The cities are very similar; with the exception of a few such as Vivec, they are all just a few buildings overloaded with lifeless NPCs.*Battle - The battle is utterly terrible. Magic is generally worthless. You can have a very high destruction skill and your sword will still do triple the damage of one of your destruction spells. Swords aren't much fun, either. Melee consists of constantly spamming the mouse over and over again until it finally hits that huge creature that is practically on top of you. It is just frustrating, not fun. Unlocking doors and disarming traps is the same - you must spam your lock over and over again until it succeeds. Very tedious and very boring.*NPCs/dialogue/quests - They lack personality. Very few of them are memorable. They all feel like clones and most of them say the same thing. The dialogue is a drag and consists of pushing random words/topics on the side and seeing if the response from NPC #135435 is different that the response from NPC #135436. The quests the NPCs give you are generally errand boy quests and are very boring. There is also little reward for doing them, aside from some reputation and gold. Some of them are frustrating and make no sense; for example the empire sends you to assassinate a group of people, but if you kill them first, when you come out the empire arrests you.*Vendors/trainers - Vendors and trainers are a complete drag. There are so many of them and it takes forever to sell anything (they have gold limits and you have to sell to specific vendors, e.g. sell swords to weapons vendor). Returning from a dungeon, it is an absolute pain to try to sell all of the loot you found. This may be fine for some players, but most gamers would be really frustrated with this.*Equipment - Honestly, there is not very much cool armor in this game. Glass armor is neat, and there are some nice weapons, but that's about it. Combined with the fact that most of the "dungeons" (which are mostly small and insignificant) are repeats of one another, the lack of equipment takes away from the desire to explore. You can find the coolest armor very early in the main story, and after that there isn't much motivation to go digging in the clone caves scattered throughout the island.*Enchanting/spell making - Adds a nasty shine to armor that makes it uglier than before. It's also a very tedious profession; you can either pay exorbitant amounts of money to an enchanter or do it yourself with a low success rate. It's overly complex and is more of a pain than it's worth. Spell making is not as fun as it sounds, it mainly consists of combining spells you already know into another worthless spell.*Physical character customization - Lacking, not many ways to change your characters appearance.*Bugs - While a lot of this has been fixed through patches and expansions, the game still has a lot of issues, including frequently getting stuck (in many ways), crashing, lag, etc.Overall, I think that the main story is worth doing and the game is worth buying just for that. It takes a long time to get into and definitely isn't for everyone, though.
Please keep in mind this review was written when the game was first released, before any patches or even mods were released.  The game is obviously quite a bit different now and would get a higher score from me certainly.Morrowind, the 3rd installment of the Daggerfall series from Bethesda Software promised to be the first open-ended single player RPG game in a fully immersive 3D environment with cutting edge graphics, length and depth.Well, they got the cutting edge graphics part right apparently.The character development system is excellent, plenty of options to choose from in the areas of magic, melee and ranged combat, and classes/races.  This promising, involved character creation system is intuitive, deep and fun to play around with by itself.Once you've landed in the first town and are introduced to the reason you've been chosen by the Emperor and are allowed to enter the outside world, it can be a bit over-whelming and confusing - the game is very open-ended.You can pretty much do anything you want, buy some stuff, kill someone or something, sneak, steal, barter, join a guild, accept a quest from an NPC who gives you one etc.., or you can just run around the world at your leisure.The frustrating and ultimately disappointing aspect of the game is how incredibly tedious and boring the game becomes after you've gotten more than halfway through the main quest, where the game reveals just how shallow it really is.The vendors never carry much money, so finding expensive items means absolutely nothing at all.There are only 3-5 suits of armor or types of clothing any character in the game can wear, along with one or two special suits you can only find in certain areas and after completing certain quests.  This simply adds to the tedium, wearing the same stuff for over 4-5 levels or more at a time.It can take up to 15 minutes or more to travel from one area to another.  And the landscape is barren, boring, and repetitive, despite the hand-placed items. Everything looks the same.On top of that there are only 3-4 monsters you will do battle with 90% of the time in the game, and you get really, really tired of combating the same monsters over and over and over for 100 hours (which is what it takes to finish the game and really complete most of the quests).  If I see or hear another Cliff Racer I'm going to puke, seriously.  The difficulty level of these enemies never changes, they are always the same. And certain areas don't offer harder challenges than others unless you "want" to wander into a ruin, and those are of all the same difficulty level as well, no matter where you are in the game.Around level 22, as a Nord Warrior specializing in long blades, I could kill everything and everyone in the game with little problem at all, and I hadn't even finished the main quest yet - still had at least 10 or more hours to go, at least, to finish. This was horribly designed, there were no challenges left, just errand running and talking to the same people over and over.Magic and Thief characters add some depth and much-needed complexity to the game, but they get old fast and their lack of combat ability can be frustrating, ecspecially early on.  You can collect and steal tons of different little odds and ends, but it gets so boring and useless that it's easy to give up after doing it for hours on end.Despite these major problems (similar to my complaints of MMORPG's) the game is very entertaining and fun because of it's explorative nature at first, at least the first 40-50 hours, making it worthwhile at least.But once you've tried and done everything for the most part, there's simply nothing more there, it gets old quick and I really can't see myself playing it again any time soon.Finally the system requirements are incredibly high and it didn't run all that well even on my 1GHZ/Geforce3 rig, but at high detail it ran more than adequately.  The load times are annoying and constant also.Simply another hyped RPG that is just a single player version of Asheron's Call, EverQuest or Anarchy Online.  And like most RPG's of late, boring and tedious despite the intrictate story line and world politics that push you along.If you are a hardcore PC game lover, I'd recommend it, but if you are not, take a pass, ecspecially if your PC is less than ideal for these high end games.
Like others reading these reviews, I came late to the game.  I'm past the hard-cord crowd, by a few years, looking through some of the older fare in an attempt to see what good has come before.  I love the RPG genre, and as someone with absolutely no interest whatsoever in the MMO craze, I'm always eager for a good single-player RPG.  Sadly, Morrowind did not fulfill my interest.I think, most importantly, I would've been better off going into it if I had known that the intent of the game is be as open-ended as possible.  As possible as it can manage, to the point that it's difficult to say if there was a plot (I didn't last long enough in the game to find out).This, in turn, is compounded by some of the minor in-game frustrations I encountered.  A big one being that it takes forever to do anything.  This, of course, is due in part to the fact that the world you are in is absolutely massive.  Unfortunately, it's also due to the fact that the avatar moves at a rather slow pace - even when running.  And unfortunately, the "side-quests" are usually more of the fetch-quest fare, that have no background or plot; just minimal, plodding progression.  I've played games where it took hours to do one task and was invigorated.  When it took me hours to get one thing done in this game, I just felt 3 hours older.It also doesn't help that combat itself tends to be a frustration.  You can equip yourself with a weapon and literally sit there clicking the mouse like crazy trying to hit whatever is attacking you and there seems to be complete randomization as to whether or not you actually hit or miss - though miss greatly tends to outweigh to hit and up the frustration factor.  In general, I love real-time battle so much more than turn-based...but even real-time battle needs rules.  This game feels like its creators were too lazy to think up any.A personal, aesthetic criticism is that I'm not a fan of the first-person perspective.  True, you can play through the game third-person, but it becomes almost impossible to see your attackers in combat and so is practically useless to do so.The environment, of course, is fantastic.  The graphics aren't the prettiest, in my opinion, but they do rather fit the atmosphere of the game in an odd way.  There's a rather dour feeling to the whole experience, and everything from the absolutely outstanding soundtrack to the incredible in-game design, and the 360 degree sound alone is almost engaging enough to keep interest in the game despite its lack of immediate story presentation.Where this game really excels is the customization.  I think that and the extreme non-linear aspects are what would greatly appeal to a particular crowd of RPG fans.  There's so many different ways to alter your character - both in the initial creation, but also significantly over the course of the game.  If you run and swim enough, your athletics will increase; if you use combat more than magic, you'll become more proficient at melee combat, etc.  It really is geared toward ultimately creating a unique character that fits your style.Unfortunately, it just couldn't keep my interest.  Over 20 hours into the game, I had made little progress, and encountered not even a hint of there being a plot.  And so I just rather stopped caring and gave up.  I love side-quests as much as the next RPG fan, but I find myself more interested in the overall process if there's a bit more linearity or structure - even a side-story to add to the overall experience would've been something.This was my first foray into the Elder Scrolls saga - I have yet to try Oblivion - but it does rather dampen my interest.  I respect and understand that customization and non-linearity will appeal to some RPG fans; but for me, personally, I like there to be a little more meat on the bones.
I love the game. I really do. I love being able to do whatever I want. The game has flaws. One major flaw is crashing. The game has just closed out 50 times. It happens a lot. The game just closes out. No big deal if I remember to save a ton.The game has open-ended stuff. You can steal anything. There are tons of things to look at. There are also alot of different subfields of things. Alchemy, Quests, and tons of land to explore. The game though feels a little lonely. Morrowind doesn't have a lot of people once you look at it all. There are mods though. There is one mod at morrowind summit which drops in people all over the place. The mod requires both expansions and another mod but works well. As for the quests, fun. There are quests where you go to dungeons but there are quests where you get to do other stuff. Still, a lot of the time you will be in vast lands by yourself.Graphics are great. The water looks fantastic and there are tons of different things you can pick up but they all have their own models. Although monsters sometimes walk like idiots, they are fine.Actually, the game does have one awesome feature that you won't find in alot of other games. A construction set lets you do whatever you want. There are thousands of mods and little features people have created already. Morrowind Summit has alot. I would reccomend the predator mod which just rocks, but is big.Overall this game is fine. The loneliness and everything else can be solved with mods. -Though it can be boring when you can't walk a while without being attacked by some stupid monster like a cliff racer.- The game has it's high points and lows. I would reccomend it though over the Xbox version as the mods are exclusive to pc. There is no multiplayer, but if there were it would probably cost money. It's cheap now, and that really makes it a good deal.
Silent Hill 2 : Restless Dreams succeeds at giving off the series trademark creepy vibe and filling you full of despair while scaring the s*** out of you. Unfortunately, issues mar this game from reaching its true potential. First off the game is way too hard for people who are not familiar with this series. Your objectives are not explained well which will leave you confused and wondering where you're supposed to go and what to find. You'll find yourself constantly looking at your map to locate streets and specific locations which will slow you down. Second, is the controls. The combat in this game is extremely clunky and unreliable and I found myself asking; "Why do I have to press two buttons to attack an enemy? And why is his reponse time slow? Why does my camera change views for me?" I liked the really creepy vibe in this game but it's so hard to control and solve clues. I am hoping since a new developer is working on Silent Hill 5 that it will function properly and be easier to work with. But this game is for Silent Hill fans only.
Silent Hill 2- Restless DreamsRestless Dreams is almost the exact same game as thePlaystation versionof the game. The only difference is there is an added scenario you can play through. The storytelling is very dark and disturbing. The graphics shift from dark and weird, to demonic and disgusting. The sound in the game is amazing. The problem with the game lies in the repetitive gameplay. I love this game, but I will admit that it has an extreme flaw.Graphics- 9.5/10The graphics don't exactly look realistic, but they are done in a cinematic way that will leave you breathless. The cut scenes are often short, but run seamlessly into the normal gameplay graphics. The picture often has a fuzzy, dark look to it that reminds me of an old horror movie. The cut scenes are done amazingly and you will find yourself immersed in the world they have created.Environments are designed well, and will even change as you go through the gameplay. One time you might be walking through a spooky hallway, but after a major point in the story that same hallway has blood all over it. There is a considerable amount of fog in the game, but it is not to hide graphical failures. You know this because later in the game the fog is gone and replaced by darkness.The dark in this game is creatively done too. If it is too dark, your character won't be able to investigate items or his map. You get a flashlight early in the game, but there are points where you will just not be able to use it and will have to figure out what to do. At the same time though, your flashlight alerts enemies of your presence.The enemies in the game, despite not having many of them, look great. Some stand like mannequins and only move when you get close enough. Others with stumble around until you take them down, then they will crawl across the floor. There are only about 6-7 different enemy types in the game though.Story- 9/10You are James Saunderland. You have been a broken man since the tragic death of your wife, Mary, three years ago. One day you receive a letter from your thought dead wife. She asks him to meet her in Silent Hill at their "special place." James is unsure of what is going on, but he has to check it out.Along your trek through Silent Hill, you will meet many troubled people. Speaking to them will bring chills down your spine. Important characters you meet will be Laura, an 8-year old girl, and Maria, a striking Mary look-alike. These characters all evolve over the course of the story.The story is excellent. It does have a few problems though. One, the story is very complex and you really have to think about it if you want to understand it. You might even have to talk to a few other players to even understand it. The story is left open like that. Another problem is that the monsters that you face off with throughout the game seem to be an after thought. They are not truly explained until the very end of the game. I felt that it was too late by then.Sound- 9.5/10The sound in this game is almost perfect. Early in the game you get a radio. The radio only plays static, and only when an enemy is close. This is a good way to create suspense. Sometimes the radio will actually play words they you should pay attention to.The voice acting is mostly good. I felt that James felt too calm, but everyone else I liked. The monsters all sound disturbing. Gun and melee weapon noises are decent. Sometimes the addition of random disturbing sounds really creates a great atmosphere in this game. Great sound overall.Gameplay- 7/10You start on the outskirts of Silent Hill. All you have is a map, the letter, and a photo of Mary. You make your way into town to try to figure out if Mary is there. You discover a town full of monsters and closed to the public in almost everyway. Mary keeps sending you clues, and you follow them like a dog...because usually every other way is closed off. The game is like a mystery adventure game with some monsters along the way.This game plays out very similar toResident Evil. I have always liked Resident Evil, so I thought this would be a good thing. It is not though. The monsters in this game are lacking, and never really pose much of a threat. They are disturbing, but you can just walk right past them. In Resident Evil, a zombie or a hunter always had a chance to injure you. In this game there is almost not chance you will get hurt by the monsters. When they do hit you, it lacks the suspense. The monsters are just not a big enough deal for you to care about them.The rest of the gameplay has you following Mary's clues. They lead you to Apartments, Museums, and Hospitals. The concept involves you entering a building and trying every door until you find one that works. Most of the doors are broken and you'll never get in them. Every single building, it is the same thing. Once you find a key or something, you go back and unlock a door. However, this never gets tedious. I enjoyed exploring the various building and find out the secrets of Silent Hill.This game implements melee and gun combat. Both are horribly done. All melee weapons in this game are imprecise and often get you hurt before you can hit an enemy. The auto-aim feature in this game is horrible. You often think you have aimed, but instead you will hit the wall or something. There are very few weapons even in this game to start with, and none of them excite you to wield them.Difficulty- 6/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)Difficulty is very well done in this game. You can adjust puzzle difficulty and monster difficulty separately. This allows for you to adjust the two key features of this game for your playing style. This is very innovative in a video game, as games usually just have a couple difficulty settings that change everything. This game allows you to customize different aspects of the gameplay.Why did I give this category such a low score then? No matter what difficulty you put this game on the monsters will be too easy. They serve almost no purpose, so it's not fun killing them. Also, the exploration in the game is based on luck. You stumble onto things that help you. In the beginning, you aren't even told where to go. You just have to search the huge town until you find something. There are not a lot of suggestions as to where you need to go.Overall- 7.5/10I like this game a lot. I really do. I just can't give it that great of a score considering the weak gameplay and luck-based exploration. Sound, graphics, and the story are great, but not enough to pull this one up more. I still suggest buying this one if you are looking to enter a very disturbing world, but don't expect the best gameplay.
The first SH game I played was number 3(which was awsome by the way)  Then I read about SH 1 and how it was one of the top 10 rare rp games to own, so of course, I had to have it.  However, I was rather dissappointed when I put the game in and started to play.  The graphics on this game are really bad and the story, for me, was a bit confusing.  Also, there is just so much reading involved and you can't just skip through it.  Sure, you can just not read it, but then you wouldn't know what's going on.  I guess that's why the story was confusing for me, I did just skim through all the talking scenes, which there are A LOT!!Your main character Yuri is kinda cool, I guess.  He transforms into different monsters so long as you have enough MP and SP for it.  The bad thing is he has so many fusions to choose from that it makes it kinda hard to know which three to equip on him.  I just simply had my three favorite equipped to him at all times.Then you have some characters that are simply worthless that I hardly played with at all, like Margarete and Zhuzhen Liu.  Even Alice is pretty much useless until she learns her ability to cure the whole party.Then there are your awsome characters.  Yuri, the hero, of course.  Haley, who is just a kid, but very powerful.  And then there is Keith, the silver bat, who makes a cameo apperance in Sh 3.  And the only way to learn new abilities for your people is to play them and when they reach a certain level, they will aquire a new skill.  That works out great for the team you use the most, but it will take forever getting new skills for your less played characters.This game is very dark and sinnister, very different from SH 2, which was quite humerous, and SH 3 which was set during the Great Depression.  I can't say this game is all that bad, it has some rather interesting features, such as the judgement ring.The judement ring determines the fate of your attack.  If you miss, then your turn ends, but if you're able to hit your mark, your attack is successful.Another thing that's great is that you can aquire like over 200 items to use on the field, or during combat.  Some of these items are quite powerful and should only be used during boss fights.Unlike the other 2 games you don't have crest magic or stellar charts to equip to your characters.  Which can be good so you don't have to keep track of what's equipped to who and leveling up your magic.  However, like in the other 2 games (at least in SH 3) you can have the same magic equipped to 2 or 3 of your people, like Cure or Cure ALL, so you don't have to rely on just one person healing the party and having to keep that person in play the entire game.  Sure you can use your items, but they normally don't affect the party as much as using your magic.If you are interested in any of the SH games, I suggest playing 3 first, simply because it's not connected storywise to the first two.  If you played this one first, chances are you would not play the others.  Don't get me wrong, the game is good, but the others are way better, and hey, why not add a rare game to your collection?