I've had this game since way back when it was released; I just never got the chance to write a review.The Story: Banjo's sister, Tooty, was "the most beautiful girl around" and Grunty the witch wanted her beauty, so she pulled an Amber Alert and took her to her lair. Banjo's lazy bum the whole time was sleeping. It's up to you to get jiggy's and notes and what-not to stop Grunty and get Banjo's sister back.Graphics: 9.5/10. Awesomely different and creative worlds. From a sewer, to a pirate ship on an island, to a desert and into an icy snowland, there are tons of different and unique worlds to play through. The graphics are stellar for the N64, with bright colors and cool characters with good animations. This is one of the best N64 games as far as graphics go next to games like Donkey Kong 64 and Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask.Sound: 9/10. There aren't really any voices in this game; just kind of sound effects that are different for each character. Blubber on Treasure Grove Cove sounds like he's burping or throwing up, Kazooie sounds like a gagging bird, Banjo sounds like a big old hick of a bear... and so on. The music in this game, though, is some of the catchiest and the best music i've heard in really any adventure game. The music doesn't really get old, and whoever created it is brilliant. Overall, the sound is really, really good.Control: 8.5/10. Being an adventure game, there are a lot of different controls for a lot of different moves. And since the N64 controller is the way it is ( pretty annoying ) it's easy to get confused even after playing for hours on end, just because you go brain dead. The controls are a bit strange at first to do some of the attacks, but you will get used to them anyways.Fun: 9/10. A great game from beginning to end. Get the jiggys, move on. Get the notes, move on. That simple? No. This game is challenging and is for all ages, even if it does have a kiddy approach. The game lasts maybe 40 hours or so depending on how fast you get through the game. Great characters, great level design, and fantastic music makes this a must buy. This is one of the best games on the N64, and I.M.O., the best adventure game. Pick this game up now; it is better than its sequel and the Game Boy Advanced ones, even if all three are fantastic. Buy this game!!9.3/10
Developer Rare is a master at infusing originality into their imitations. This isn't a knock against them. William Shakespeare pulled stories and plots from other writers and crafted masterpieces. Rare is gamedom's Shakespeare, in that regard. Banjo-Kazooie is obviously influenced by Super Mario 64, although it's always unfortunate for a game to be compared to that masterpiece. While Banjo-Kazooie lacks Super Mario 64's magic and ingenuity, it has its own magic that sets it apart from Nintendo's behemoth.The Good:+ A fun story+ An imaginative use of its characters+ Creative worlds to exploreThe Bad:-- Too easy and short-- The few parts that are too hardThe Ugly? Why is Kazooie so insulting?Story--9/10The first thing that stands out is the dialogue, especially of the evil witch, Gruntilda, or Grunty, who speaks in clever rhymes. It's refreshing all the more that what she says is often funny. The game begins with her asking her mirror, "Who is the most beautiful of them all?" Of course, it couldn't be Gruntilda. There's nothing even remotely pretty about a fat, green hag. The most beautiful of them all is Banjo's younger sister, Tooty (who looks similar to Tiny Kong of Donkey Kong fame). So Grunty sets off to kidnap Tooty and succeeds, leaving only the mole, Bottles, as a witness. Bottles must survive a downpour of Kazooie's insults and witticisms to explain the kidnapping to Banjo and Kazooie. The question becomes, can Banjo and Kazooie save Tooty before Grunty robs her of her beauty and transfers it to herself?Gameplay--8/10Here is the game's bane and boon. Everything else sets it up wonderfully. The soundtrack is great, the visuals are very nice, and the opening story sequence is funny. The game controls smoothly and you have plenty of moves to learn and use throughout. The levels are varied, with plenty of collectibles and other goodies to discover. But these levels are so small, so short, so easy. I never spent an hour and a half on any one level, and most of them took less than an hour to complete. In that time, I could collect ten jigsaw puzzle pieces, one hundred musical notes, and numerous other items such as the Mumbo Jumbo skulls, extra lives, and Jinjos. Compared to Super Mario 64, I can't help but say, is that all?There are a total of nine worlds, as well as a main hub world, which is too labyrinthine for its purpose. Rare goes a little overboard as to the amount of collectibles they expect gamers to gather. Unless you use cheats, it takes 94 out of the 100 Jigsaw pieces total to unlock every single world, including the final fight with Grunty. That's not too difficult, as I'd say about 97 of those Jigsaw pieces are a piece of cake. More than 880 of the 900 music notes are needed in order to give you somewhat of a chance against the unfairly difficult fight with Grunty (you just can't count on Rare to make a strictly children's game: see Diddy Kong Racing).These are mostly criticisms, but they comprise a small percent of the game. You will spend most of it enjoyably. Despite the very easy difficulty, it isn't boring. There's plenty to explore in the levels, and as they go on, they become larger and more complex, especially the sprawling final level. Rare flexes all of its creative muscles in that level, revolving around the four seasons, and even includes a few semi-stories with some new characters. Not that the other levels are clunkers, but if only they could provide the same sort of entertainment, the rest of the game would have been that much more enjoyable.Longevity--5/10A game should only be as long as it needs to be, but I think Banjo-Kazooie needed to be a little longer. Considering what Nintendo did years earlier in Super Mario 64, it's no excuse that Rare couldn't match that level of magnitude. But it's unfair to compare any game to Super Mario 64. Most gamers will complete this, all 100 Jigsaw pieces, almost all 900 music notes, in less than twelve hours. After finishing it, there's no reason to go back. The cheats only give you infinite resources, but what's the point when you've already finished the game? The only way a game like this can extend its life is for the single player adventure to be a little longer.
I am shocked and *very* pleased to report that Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is a DRASTIC improvement over the original Crash Bandicoot.As you may have heard, I am definitely NOT a fan of the very first Crash Bandicoot game released for the Sony Playstation in 1996.  I am, however, incredibly surprised to find that Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is actually a really fun adventure game that may have been slightly overlooked at the time of its release because of the seemingly never-ending amount of wonderful games released for the Playstation in 1998.Just so you know, I can't compare Warped to Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back because I haven't played that one.  I can only compare Warped to the original Crash Bandicoot.Before playing Crash 3, I was almost CERTAIN that Crash Bandicoot was an overrated video game character because my first and only exposure to Crash was the very first game.  I thought for sure Crash Bandicoot was either a Mario or an Earthworm Jim rip-off, and didn't deserve all the attention it got.For 10 years the original was the only Crash Bandicoot game I knew, and truth be told, it was a pretty average game because every stage featured basically the same uninspiring, repetitive island environment where the object was to run to the end of every stage collecting berries and smashing all the boxes as a way to earn more lives and receive a better overall percentage.Simply put, Crash's very first outing was BORING.  It desperately needed variety.  Walking through island/jungle stages all the time can only provide so much fun before it inevitably gets boring.  The creators of Crash Bandicoot must have realized how boring this formula was because Warped does just the opposite- Warped features nothing BUT creativity.  In Warped every stage certainly does NOT have the same feel.  You will encounter something drastically different in every stage.  I like that.The main objective of Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is to find the purple gem found in each of the 25 stages of the game.  You HAVE to find all 25 purple gems otherwise the game won't allow you to fight the boss at the end of the world you're in.  For example, if you're in World 4, and can't find the purple gem in stage 3, you won't be allowed to face the boss at the end of that world.  You're stuck there until you find that darn purple gem.  Once you find the gem, and face and defeat the boss, you move on to the next world and repeat the process of collecting one purple gem per level and face the boss.  By the way, there's 5 worlds total and 5 stages in each world.  That comes to 25 stages total.The amount of creativity that went into each of the 25 stages is simply incredible.  Unlike the first Crash Bandicoot game where you mainly just spin around through a jungle environment breaking boxes and jumping over cracks in the ground, Warped offers a LOT more in the way of variety.  In Warped you will encounter a few motorcycle racing stages (where you're required to get first place so you can receive the purple gem), a couple underwater stages (with VERY neat-looking backgrounds and deadly, puffy fish swimming about), a couple levels where you're steering an airplane and required to shoot down blimps and other airplanes, and not to mention those tricky, tiger-riding stages.Oh, and I HAVE to mention the ultra-cool futuristic robot stages (which require near-perfect jumping patterns in order to complete).  The Jet Ski stages are really fun because you're located on top of the ocean and I guarantee you will have the time of your life jumping over ramps while avoiding those floating bombs.  Yup, it's awesome.  This is what makes Crash Bandicoot 3 so great- you won't know WHAT to expect until you enter the level.Probably the worst thing about Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is the fact that the game offers little in the way of challenge.  That's not to say the game is a cakewalk, either.  People who think Warped is an easy game are only comparing the challenge to the previous two Crash Bandicoot games.  If you compare Warped to say, I don't know, Spyro the Dragon, it's not such an easy game then.  It's definitely not a hard game either.  You WILL beat it.  I think the challange is comparable to Super Mario Bros. 1, the old NES classic.The one thing I find challenging in Warped is the boss battle in World 3 where you're required to jump over bombs and laser beams heading in your direction.  This is one case where practice doesn't necessarily make perfect.  Also the second airplane stage can be a challenge if you don't bother shooting down the enemy planes.One thing about Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped that IS incredibly easy is the object of finding those purple gems.  Most of the time you can NOT miss those gems, because you basically walk right into them on your way to reaching the end of the stage.  I mean, they are always RIGHT THERE.  RIGHT in front of you!After you complete a stage, you can always go back to it and the computer will then give you a new option to complete the level in a certain amount of time.  Finishing the stage in a certain amount of time is actually quite hard.  It means you *really* have to take off running and not stop for a single moment to smash a box or spin-attack an enemy or ANYTHING.  It means you have to run run RUN!  Just so you know, completing the stages under a certain time is NOT a requirement.  It's entirely up to you if you'd like to accept the challenge.  I'm too much of a wimp to accept it, personally.I like how you can save your game after you complete a stage.  You can actually complete one stage and go to the save room, if you wish.  Very convenient.  Oh, and get this- if during the middle of the game you decide you want to stop playing and shut off the Playstation, when you come back to the game later all the lives you collected up to that point will STILL be there!  I can't think of any other game that will save all the lives you collect.  Speaking of lives, they are *so easy* to find in Warped that you probably can collect up to 45 of them.  That's a lot, and you will probably need them because, even though the challenge ranges from low to medium, your first time through the game won't be THAT simple.When Crash gets hit or smashed by something, I think it's funny the way he yells "whoa!"  It reminds me of that comedian Carrot Top.The reason Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped isn't going to receive a 5-star rating from me is because of the same problem found in Spyro the Dragon- in the flying stages (in this case, the airplane stages) when you hit down on the D-pad the airplane flies UP, and hitting up will make the airplane go DOWN.  The game company made the direction the wrong way!  Oops.  At least when you steer the airplane left, it will go left.  The same with right.  Unfortunately, many game makers have made, and continue to make, the same mistake.  It needs to be corrected once and for all.I realize having your airplane fly up when you hit "down" on the d-pad is an example of realism since that's more or less how REAL airplanes operate, but the thing is, Crash Bandicoot isn't supposed to be about realism since it's just a platform adventure game, and furthermore, it still doesn't change the fact that up and down are reversed.  This adds unncessary frustration and challenge in learning something that definitely feels backwards.There's a toxic underwater stage in Donkey Kong Country 3 where the controls are reversed as a way to add challenge, and in my mind at least, having the controls reversed when trying to operate the airplane in this game definitely falls under the same category of unnecessary challenge.I hope you buy this game for your Sony Playstation and experience a fun time.
Once again, Crash Bandicoot takes a big step up to greatness! "Crash Bandicoot 3: WARPED" was fantastic! It was even better than the second one. Better graphics, story, music, and gameplay.The enemies were fun just like in the first one and the new vehicles available were awesome, like the bi-planes, space fighter, Pura the Tiger, and the jet-ski. Also, it wasn't as difficult to gather the Crystals and Gems as it was in the second part. The environments were better and the new powers that Crash Bandicoot acquires are totally awesome: the Super Belly-Flop, Speed Shoes, Death-Tornado Spin Attack, and the totally awesome Fruit Bazooka! This is definitely one of the best of the games in the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy. You Crash fans MUST get this game!
I came upon this game in the late 90s/early 00s. Me and a couple of friends would play it religiously and I must say that although the characters are better and more original in this game, Perfect Dark (if you haven't had a chance to play that) is the superior shooter.They both are fun in their own right though. They were both made by Rare which did WONDERS for the N64 gracing us with the aforementioned games and also Diddy Kong Racing which I played for hours on end with friends also.Fun levels to play in and the music was pretty damn good too. Like I said, I liked the characters, Natalia being my absolute favorite and I kept coming back to this game.Even the single-player mode was fun. Just not nearly as fun as the multi-player mode.Fun: Single-Player: C+ Multi-player: B+Sound: B-Characters: B+Controls: A-Overall: B
I have to be honest: Normally, I'm not into these first person shooter games.  They're just so clunky, most of the time you can't tell where you're going, you don't know if an enemy is behind you, (Or at times even in front of you, if you get a weird camera angle) and plus might I add that you can't see your character, which does not really, (For me, most of the time) give that whole imaginative feel that you ARE that character.Well, Goldeneye is an excellent and well made game.I don't know why people complain about the graphics...it's actually kind of cool, and plus the enemies in this game are from head to toes so detailed that you think they're real.  The scientists in the facility level are well detailed, and most all the characters are animated incredibly.Besides, you take on the role of James Bond.  James Bond! The hero that defined action! This game is not dull, and at times it is so scary when you are overswarmed by a bunch of enemies in one small room.The multiplayer mode, is, of course, wonderful.  You can choose from power weapons, sniper rifels, Dostovals, Shotguns, PP7's, proximity mines, hand grenades, laser guns, and basicly everything else that you can think of.  It is an entertaining game, and it is well worth the money.The camera angles rock.  you never get lost.So, why didn't I give this game Five stars?  Read below and find out.THE BADS OF THE GAMEThere are some major glitches.  You can see your enemies literally walk through walls, not completely, but almost there.At times the doors, when I command it to open with the B button, it still won't open, even if I already DID get an access card for the door in the first place.  The reason behind that is the fact that an enemy is probably trying to open the door as well, but how am I supposed to know that? So, I stand back, the enemy comes in, and oh, guess what, it turns out that there isn't just one of them, there's thirty, so they all shoot at me, and I die.  You can easily die in this game just due to glitches, which makes it very difficult and frustrating.If you forget one thing on a mission, just one small thing which most of the time has nothing to do with the story, then you have to start the whole mission over again.  You don't just do the thing you forgot, either, you have to do all the things that you did do, as well as the things you did not.The game is predictible, due to the fact that it follows the movie, although when it does not follow the movie, (Which it does a lot) then it gets kind of dissapointing because what you expected did not happen.The puzzles can be frustrating.  I'm still trying to figure out how to get the bottling room on the facility level.The game is also very gory.  I don't know why they gave this game a TEEN rating instead of a mature...it should of been rated mature.Now, for the GOODS of this game.GOODSUse an incredibly large arsenal of weaponry and more weaponry...prepare to save the world, it's gonna be a rough ride.It follows the movie really well, (Most of the time, anyways) And if you're a big fan of james bond you will really enjoy this game.  Even if you aren't you'll still enjoy it.You play the role of james Bond, which is worth it within itself.This game is the greatest First person shooter game for the N64.  The controls aren't so difficult that you'll get lost and forget which buttons to use while you're losing, but they are simple and easy and at the same time fun.  And even if you don't like the controls, you can decide which buttons you want for which ones the controller screen.There's nothing that you can't shoot or destroy.The cheats are FUNNY!  I mean, honestly, try the invisibility mode. You can shoot a near bye dashboard when a Gaurd is near, and that gaurd will start freaking out and look around to see who did that.  This makes the game easier also, and the invincibility mode is good too, although I tried and realized that you can't have the invisibility mode and invincibility at the same time.  You can also make the bad guys heads small and stuff, which is really funny to see.The way that the characters are animated are almost identicle to the characters in the movie...they look exactly like the actors.At the end of every level, it tells you how many kills you did, how many limb shots, how many head shots, and how many body shots you had.The artificial intelligence with the badguys aren't all that challenging, but when there's a whole crowd of them, watch out!This game is excellent.  Did I mention that it's excellent? Let me repeat it again: This game is excellent! Excellent I tell you, excellent!
this ganme was very entertaining i really enjoyed it i'm not to fond of these types of games but goldeneye was awesome.
Even though this game was released over ten years ago, I still have fond memories of it. This game really pushed the capabilities of the Nintendo 64 with its 3D (if somewhat still pixelated) surroundings. There were enough options and variety to make the game interesting - you could go through the levels in Easy, Normal, and Hard mode, and beating the levels in certain difficulty levels within certain time limits would unlock cheats. Some of the cheats were silly, like Donkey Kong mode, but others were cooler, like Invisible or Infinite Ammo mode.Playing the levels in Easy mode was a great way to prep/'study' for Normal and Hard modes (exploring the surroundings, knowing where to go, so you could complete the extra requirements that came with the difficult mode) The save mode allowed one to explore the levels at their leisure - sometimes I played a level I already beat just for fun and exploration, ignoring the time. Molti-player mode was also a lot of fun.The graphics in this game were not as refined as the Wii and PS3 because Nintendo 64 was a groundbreaking console when it came out and the 3D graphics ability was not quite fully mastered yet, so for those of you used to the smoother graphics of today's current consoles, you might notice a bit of clunkiness, and the characters had blocky hands and limbs, and their faces looked painted on their heads. But the 3D was well-done in terms of set-up and surroundings as far as movement and exploration of the world went, so two thumbs up. Even now, I prefer this game to many newer ones because the plotline and play was very good. A- for a wonderful overall game.
I had to use a Gameshark to get the extra levels on this game.  It's tough.  It shows you just how hard it would be to be a secret agent.There are two features about this game that I really like.  The first is what I'd like to call maim-ability.  If you shoot someone in the leg, they'll hold onto their leg, same with the arm, the head, and even the groin.  Before this game, the most you could hope for was that characters would bleed when they were shot and fall down when they'd die.Still maim-ability doesn't mean that when you shoot them in the leg they won't be able to run again.  They'll limp for a few seconds and then be as good as new, except take a lot less shots to kill.Some of the tougher characters take a lot of hits before they're even to the point of getting to maim-ability.  You have to shoot the boss of the game 10 times in the head before he even shows signs of weakening.The second thing I like about this game is the spy feel of it.  You go on missions, and you work with gadgets (although some are indeed lame).  But the cool thing is, on some missions, you've got to be really quiet and sneaky.  You sneak down halls and pick off unsuspecting guards one by one with well-aimed shots.  Of course, if you get bored of that, you can always make a lot of noise, have a bunch of guards come after you, and blow everyone away.This game is pretty realistic.  There may be better games now, but during its time, this game was cutting-edge stuff.  It's worth remembering, even though it was hard as heck.  I usually just like playing the easy levels and maiming bad guys quietly.
Ahhhh! I love this game! It's so great. My friend gave it to me and I fell in love with it fast! I played Mario Kart for the SNES and thought it was the best thing since sliced bread. When I found out Mario Kart was for N64, I went bezerk. This was the first game to my N64 collection. You choose between 8 characters. You can get over 10 different powerups, including the legendary star which makes you invincible, banana peels which make opponents skid out of control, lightning bolts which makes characters small so you can smush them, mushrooms that boost your engine, and 3 kinds of shells. A green shell will go and bounce off anything, A red shell will do its best to find a character and smash them, and a spike shell with automatically find the player in 1st place and destroy them without fault. The reason it is 4 stars is because they didn't go the extra mile. If you play 1 or 2 player(s) you can do a Grand Prix, but not with 3 or 4. In player 1 mode you cant do a battle or do a vs. with the CPU. Battle only contains 4 tracks. I guess what i'm trying to say is that i wish it was more open. Taking shortcuts won't work because Lukita drags you back when your at the top of the mountain. This game would be the best if you were allowed to do more.
When I had this game, I did not stop playing until I got to winning the game. It's fun for awhile to throw objects at people that are racing against you. It has a four player mode, which is not bad, but sometimes gets a little confusing when you're watching other people racing. The split screen should never be included. Although, that it is which is easy to get distracted. But Mario Kart is fun and it should be in one of the hand-held games, too. I wouldn't mind playing this. Oh, I have the one on Gameboy Advance, which is cool but not like the one from Nintendo 64. Now, that confused me.
Graphics: 9/10 - Eye-catching, bold and pretty, Mario Kart 64's graphics are fulfilling and nice to look at.Sound: 8/10 - Lots of bells, whistles, engines and da-da's in this game. They are just small sound, but bring out some sort of livelihood.Value: 8/10 - Even though I don't have a Nintendo 64, if I did, I would probably buy this game because it is lots of fun to play. It can also be very strategic at times, which is good for a racing car game.Overall: 8/10 - Nothing too memorable, but it's delightfully entertaining to play when you are actually using the controls. Mario Kart 64 gives you things to do and stuff to work out. It's the first game I played on Nintendo 64 and as far as I'm concerned, it's well worth the time.
This game is really fun, but I honestly enjoyed Crash Team Racing for the PlayStation a lot more. One thing that annoys me about this game is that you can't look behind you. I pressed every button and I can't get the camera to face behind the racer and this makes it impossible to shoot green turtle shells from behind without proper aiming. So nine out of ten times, I'm going to miss my target. How did Nintendo screw up this badly. And the racers are pre-rendered much like how Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong were in Donkey Kong Country for the SNES. I was wondering why wasn't it computer generated like Super Mario 64? It's still a nice little game, a little pricey, but still nice to have in your N64 collection.
Mario Kart: 64.  It is such an improvement from the Super Nintendo version.  The graphics are quite detailed in comparison to the other 64 games out.  I would say, above average.  However, the graphics is not what sets this game off above the others.  It is the enjoyment level!Not only is it fun to compete with others like your family, friends, or even the computer player (AI) but it's got a great Grand Prix mode in which you can compete for a Gold Cup.  Get all gold Cups and you gain a bonus.The only complaint I have about this game, (reason why I gave it a four instead of a 5) is that the AI are too smart.  Races sometimes seem to be unfair.  You throw items at them, knock them to the side, speed ahead of them and it seems like whatever you do, it doesn't matter.  This can be frustrating.  Though the controls are WAY improved over the Super Nintendo version, it still is hard to control the carts (karts) around corners.Overall, this is an addicting game.Have a Super Nintendo? Buy Mario Kart for Super NintendoHave a Gamecube? Definetely buy Mario Kart: Double Dash for Gamecube.And finally, if you have a N64, Mario Kart 64 is one to deeply consider
This mario kart changed all mario karts in the future. This is the first mario kart that has mini games and computer generated graphics. I mean the 64 as u can tell the graphics have changed allot from the snes. This mario kart has many more features and great graphics. The sound is great also. If i had a choice of which mario kart to have for free if i did not have any of them it would be this one. I dont know why but for some reason this one is really fun. It has a great multiplayer, especially on mini games.
I was never a really big fan of sci-fi, and Star Wars just wasn't my thing. I couldn't really care less about those darned rebels. Obviously, my expectations for Rogue Squadron that summer day were not very high.But you know what? I played the first mission and I was pleasantly surprised. The game actually wasn't that bad!  It was actually quite entertaining just flying around and shooting these drones out from the sky. The game really isn't that easy to learn, especially if you buy the game used without an instruction booklet. There are basically a lot of nooks and crannies that I have yet to figure out, like what right-C does, or how bombs work. But the introductory missions are fun and pretty easy. However, the gameplay got to be quite repetitive. I mean, you just go around and shoot enemies from the sky. Yay. There are also a lot of sections where you have nothing to do, and it gets boring. Maybe I could have moved on to the third mission.I also realized how visually stunning the game is. I have an Expansion Pak, so I really don't have a clue what the game would be like without it, but the graphics are just so crisp, at least certain features. The buildings and structures and ships and stuff look great, almost to the level of Half-Life. But the graphics for the people/Storm troopers leave more to be desired. They are obviously sprites. The music does have a Star Wars feel to it, and that's growing on me. I sometimes get certain tunes stuck in my head, and I don't mind. Most of the music is in the menus, though. 40 minutes of speech is nice, if only I could understand half of it. Rogue Squadron has no multiplayer, which is too bad. It would have been fun. Oh well. Overall, I actually kind of enjoyed this game.
I'm not really a fan of N64.  I've always been more of a Playstation one fanatic, but Zelda is undoubtedly the best game that I have ever played.  If you think that Final Fantasy is good, then Zelda will make all of the installments in final fantasy look like junk.  There's only a couple of games on the nintendo N64 console that of which I liked, and that was Gauntlet Legends, Super Mario, and Donkey Kong.  But this game beats them all by a longshot.Then why did I give this game four stars instead of five?  The reason is because of the...problems listed below.1.  This game is HARD. I don't mean hard as in "Challenging" I'm talkin' about the whole you-possibly-will-never-ever-complete-the-game-without-a-strategy-guide hard.  The type of frustration which can rack your nerves big time.2.  There are a couple of glitches in the game. Example: I dare you to cut a sign with your sword.  Then play Zeldas lullaby with your ocerina of time.  The piece of sign which you had just sliced and diced will float.  That's just one of the glitches.3.  A little confusing, as far as the story goes.  It's better to play the game twice and see if you still understand it.4.  Replay value isn't very high.  Once you complete it, that's it.  It's so hard that I wouldn't ever want to go through the same frustration again, as to the fact that it was very difficult, even if you do know what you're doing.Okay, those were the bads.  Here are the goods.1.  The graphics are outstanding.  Wow.  The whole world of Termina reminds me of middle earth, only a lot less dark and ten times more exotic.2.  Once you beat the game, you feel satisfied with yourself.  Sure, this game is a little short, but it will still take you a long time to beat it, no matter how experienced you are with gaming.3. The plot is good and twists a lot.  I know that I said it was kind of confusing, and it kind of is, but it's still fun and the things that of which I did understood surprised me a lot.It's sort of a mystery.4.  Fluint and absolutely excellent cut and FMW sequences.  It's true.  Like I said above, the graphics are wonderful.  And plus, exploring a small portion of Termina, which you do through out the game, is an experience that you don't wanna miss.5.  The bad guys are challenging, but not so challenging that you'll be ripping your hair out.  Once you beat them, you feel satisfied.6.  Highly addictive gameplay and plus you won't stop until you beat the game.But there's one major, and I mean MAJOR problem with this game.  This game is so addictiive that you might forget about everything else in life.  Remember your family?  You won't when you get this game, since you'l be wanting to play this game even more. A Anyways, get the game.
I was always a fan of Zelda when it first came out for the original Nintendo.  This is a fairly challenging game and I got bored with it quickly.  There isn't a lot of violence in this game but I think it's too advanced for kids to play.
A Good game comes along, entertaining millions of fans worldwide. Then, a year later another good game comes along and steals the fisrt ones place. Ever since the beginning of game history, every good game that came out eventually got replaced by a better game the next year. Since Sept. 98, that cycle has been broken, stopped by one game that never got replaced, even by it's sequals, nothing ever ended out better than Zelda: Ovarina of Time. This game has revolutionized 3D gaming with its Z-Target system. It has enchanted and bewildered people with its magnificant storyline. It has taken the lives of thousands of people because of all the side-quests and collectible items in it. This game, I am predicting, will probably still rain supreme until the next system comes out (The one after gamecube). Its Z-Targeting system makes Link (the main character) look at an enemy, within this looking, he can circle around it in stategic patterns, accurately aim and strike the sword without missing and hitting air a yard away, and eaily and quickly dodge and backflip attacks. Many games, even nowadays, imitate this system, but fail to get it as correct and perfect as Zelda did/does. The storyline starts off telling of a magical forest with many never-growing children in it. All these children have one compainon fairy with them, except one boy, who does not. Right from hearing this setence in the game for the first time, you know your in for an adventurous, complicated yet slightly realistic storyline that will take your life for at least a month. And, this game has many, many side quests to do. There are 100 special spiders to defeat and get treasures with, 50 magic beans to be planted and give a passegeway to unaccesible areas, 25 heart pecies to collect to get a whole lot of health with, 15 masks to sell and play around with, 6 empty bottles to collect, a chicken to rais, and a huge trading sidequest that eventually leads to the possesion of the strongest weapon in the game. And much more. This game also has the perfect sound to it. The cheerfull, happy nature of the magical forest can be perfectly heard in it's background music. The adventurous, wide and far meadows of hyrule feild are perfectly expressed in it's background song. The fast-paced and action-packed lives of the desert theives is clearly expressed in it's song. Everywhere you turn in this game, you are greeted with a new background song that sings perfectly the attributes and unique features of that place, and transations perfectly with whatever the player/link might be doing in that place. This game's sequal, Majoras Mask, suffered horribly from the lack of this. And the prevous games in the series didnt meet this either. One more thing though, I'll admit it to the world, I hate the main Zelda theme. I'm glad its not in Ocarina of Time, In a game that so clearly stands out with it's music, one old sounding, bland song that dosnt fir well with hyrule feild wouv'dv ruined the experience of going out of kokiri forest and seeing it for the first time. Oh, I forot to mention that part too, the game has a perfect attidude for adventure in it. The places are designed very well, and when mixed in with the fabulous background music, gives a feeling of adventure that is completely unparelled to any other game, whatsoever. The first moment you walk out of the small and cramped kokiri forest, which actually used to seem so big, onto the your first grasses of hyrule feild, the sun will blind the screen for a moment, and as rising, reveal this spectacular, wide open feild with a tuft of trees, a monstor here and there, a ranch in the middle, and a clear blue sky with a brightly shining sun. Along the feild, a rise in elevation starts, as you climb the hill, you can see even more than you could before, a magestic, huge catsle, a winding clear blue river, a deep valley, a menancing volcanoe, and a huge lake, along with a tuft of trees, and a monstor here and there. As you travel to new places, you will feel almost the exact same feeling of adventure too, when seeing the towering windmill of Kakariko village above the small, humble houses of the village below it, with the perfect backgrond music for example. With this great feeling of adventure, huge enviroments, much huger than even the ones of nowaday games, and a great storyline and absolutly stunning soundtrack, Ocarina of Time is the Greatest game of all time, until a greater game will come out, wich will probably take a very very long time. If you dont already own this game (Shame on you), you should buy it immediatly, and while waiting for it to ship, download an emulated version. Now. Or else.
This is still a great game to own, especialy if you missed it, but the graphics are dated.  If you have a GameCube, find a way to get it on there, and be happy you did.
This game is so much fun.  I've always been a big fan of Mario since the beginning.  The graphics are great and the sound is pretty good too.  There are many different goals to reach in each level.  Whether you have to collect coins or stars to open new levels, I know you'll love this game.
For anyone who was a fan of video games, they remember the year of 1996:The Playstation made waves and drew many Nintendo fans away with its 32-bit graphics and CD based games. For the first time, Nintendo was being challenged on its own ground and they had to answer Sony with a console of its own. After they put the Super Nintendo system to rest, they went to work and released the Nintendo 64 to the public. The odds were against them because with only two launch titles to choose from, early adopters had to either pick Pilotwings 64 (a good game) or Super Mario 64. This game was the reason Nintendo's console immediately flew off the shelves and showed that Mario can make the jump to 3D and it was fun doing so.I'll make my review short because other reviewers had covered the basics and importance of Super Mario 64. It stars Mario in an open world where each stage is contained within various paintings scattered through Princess Peach's castle. The storyline is pretty typical by now: King Bowser kidnaps the princess and you jump in to rescue her. The graphics are colorful, bright and were a breakthrough in video game technology at the time. The controls are perfect and take almost no time to get used to. It's a pretty challenging game so expect to replay certain stages over and over again. So why did I give it 4.5 stars? The camera is not perfect but back then, getting the camera to work in any open world style game was difficult to program. It always centers behind you but sometimes gets a little wacky when you go up ledges or around corners. It gets annoying after awhile but you learn to tolerate it.What made this game groundbreaking was that games of this type proved to be a challenge to make and to make it fun as well is really the main goal. Super Mario 64 exceeds this and was a commercial success with gamers and gained much critical acclaim from reviewers of virtually every gaming publication. Those who say didn't like were in the minority and for reasons that were just too petty and silly. While gaming has changed tremendously since 1996, this game shows that the platform genre was at one point the kind of games that everyone wanted to play. And now, you can either track down the cartridge or get this for the Nintendo DS. So if you haven't played this, take a look for yourself as to why many gamers loved to play this game. I highly recommend it.
I could knock a few stars off by going on and on about what they SHOULD have put into this game -a playable Princess, animal costumes, Fire Flowers, etc.- but such negativity could foolishly ruin such a great game. Super Mario 64 isn't perfect but it has the best damn gameplay of any action title. The worlds are massive with lots of vibrant colors, whacky enemies, catchy music, and most importantly, gameplay.The only downsides to this game are Mario's horribly annoying voice, an occasionally fussy camera, and the possibility of graining your N64 control stick when you fight Bowser. These minor neusances are mild though and they don't really hinder the gameplay. All other downsides merely point to the characters themselves: Mario speaks with a bad Italian accent voiced by Charles Martinet instead of his old Brooklyn one from the cartoon series. I also don't like the changes made to Princess Toadstool. Instead of the spunky redhead from the cartoon series, she seems more like a "dumb blonde" with a weird voice.Yes, this game is old but, like fine wine, games can get better with age.
One of the best mario games ever made, it was such a huge jump from the previous consoles looked and played amazingly, hours of entertainment for anyone that enjoys adventure type games.
Super Mario 64 has some of the best graphics ever shown on a home console.Believe it or not but I like the graphics in Super Mario 64 more than the graphics in Super Mario Sunshine.Sure the levels look great and have snappy tunes to match but the game is way too easy except for Bowser.Mario 64 is overrated but still one of the best games ever made.It isnt the best game of all time but it packs a powerful punch.Lets hope Super Mario 128 is even better with harder challenges,better graphics and more levels. I mean Mario 64 was great but the sequel should be harder because I dont really want to own 2 Mario games that are too easy and not long enough.
this is wat made me love mario. mario 64!this is the biggest game crammed into a cartridge ive seen, its musically awesome, graphically it shows age, and the camera isnt as good as it could be, but I still havent beaten it since then! thats how massive & how much gameplay there is to it!I remember sliding down caves & smashing boulders back in the day, now that a friend sold it to me, Im in love with it!
Surprisingly, when Nintendo created the N64 game system, they had absolutely no idea of how succesful it would be. The first game that the system ran on was also a scream. It just sometimes comes to me as a surprise that a lot of these newer games that run on CD-ROM like the Playstation 2, and the XBOX may have faster and better graphics, but not likely with the actual loading time.Nintendo's Super Mario 64, remains as the most dynamic staple of any N64 system to date. The graphics are just completely amazing, and so strong from one angle to another. In Super MArio 64, you guide Mario through 15 terrific stages with exciting adventure around every corner. The object of the game is to try collect as many stars as possible that are hidden in the game. Each star is very vital inorder to help you save Peach, whom is still known as Princess Toadstool, from the vile Bowser. Each course takes you from all depths of the secret kingdom, from Sea, to the firey sky, and even in a spooky ghost-filled house. The load up time for this, and every other N64 game is much faster than the CD-Rom games for the PC, and the other CD-Rom console games.It is kind of sad Nintendo stopped making fantastic games on cartridge like this, and traded it for a CD-ROM gaming factory, with the Gamecube. Nevertheless, Super Mario 64 is still the most superior game of the 20th century, and that is not even a pizza-faced lie.
I enjoyed this game.  It was very fun.  It was the very first game I owned for the N64, so I didn't really understand how the controls worked but this game was really easy to figure out.  I love it.  When I walk by it in stores and see it ..., I'm speechless.  It is a great game, and by the looks of it, the price it down too.  This is definently worth your money.
What a great game, I like it alot. The only problems I found were:1: It gives off way too many hints to how to complete a puzzle or beat a boss(EXAMPLE: On the first time you fight Bowser, he says "Can you get behind me and grab my tail? I think not!"2: Moving around is kinda stupid because Mario can't move to the different direction fast enough and he slips on the floor when he moves.Other than these flaws, this is a solid title that deserves to be in your collection.
I'm very reluctant to try the new Spyro game for PS2, or to buy the Spyro games available for Xbox because Spyro games have stooped to such a low quality I'm afraid to play them. But for the old Spyro games on PSone I have no fears because these ones were developed by Insomniac (Ratchet and Clank, Resistance: Fall of Man), the studio that made the good ones, but sadly no longer makes them. The story is about how Spyro has to rescue all of the dragons who have been imprisoned in crystal cocoons by Nasty Nork. The gameplay functions very well for an old platformer, and never really gives you much trouble because of how smoothly it handles. The flight mechanic works well, but you can't use it all the time. The graphics look nice for the time, but are feeble by today's standards. The environments are bright and colorful and still have a great feel to them. You will spend your time defeating lots of enemies, rescuing your dragon friends, collecting jewels, finding hidden locations, getting health by letting your dragon fly buddy eat butterflies, and have a lot of fun doing all this. As much as this might sound terrible to some gamers, it's actually not repetitive and boring, but in reality a lot of fun. The biggest flaw of the entire game is the camera. The camera is a bit difficult to handle, and will unfortunately cause a few cheap deaths. Also, this game in some ways feels a bit too easy because within a twenty minute period I located 14 dragons. Plus this game simply isn't as fun as it's sequels Ripto's Revenge or Year of the Dragon. But this game is too much fun to really complain about, and I can guarantee no matter what demographic of gaming you fall in you will have a lot of fun on Spyro's PSone adventures.
Spyro the Dragon: the game that SHOULD have been Sony's mascot instead of Crash Bandicoot.The original Spyro the Dragon is probably the best platform/adventure game you can find for the Playstation.  I can't give Spyro's first adventure a 5-star rating, though.  Let's get the problems out of the way before moving on to the positive things about Spyro (and believe me, there's a LOT of good things about this game).People have compared Spyro the Dragon to everything from Crash Bandicoot to Banjo-Kazooie to Nights, and... who knows what else.  Well, I think the first Spyro game is JUST as good as all those games.  In fact, Spyro the Dragon is better than the first Crash Bandicoot game.  Now THERE'S a game that disappointed me.  Spyro came out of nowhere and RULED right from the beginning.  I never would have guessed back in 1998 that Spyro would have went on to become a classic.Spyro's debut does have a few problems, though.  Seeing as how this is Spyro's very first adventure I won't be TOO harsh.  Am I the only one who thinks the play control could have been better?  It's not that I have a tough time controlling Spyro.  Well, to be honest, I DID have trouble controlling him at first.  Spyro doesn't QUITE take off when you hit up, down, left or right on the directional pad.  There's a split second delay before moving forward.  Maybe the creators of the game thought this was part of the realism since, after all, you're moving a DRAGON.  A BIG creature like a dragon won't move forward right away.  Then again, Spyro is small compared to the dragons you have to rescue.Controlling Spyro was definitely a problem for me at first.  For example, attempting to properly jump on top of the three round platforms you encounter at the very beginning of the first world was NOT an easy task.  I kept sliding off.  By the way, I recommend you take advantage of these round platforms to get to know the controller.  Master the controller before exploring the world.  This will cut down on any possible frustration you may encounter in the future.I have to consider that my inability to control Spyro may have been due to the camera angles.  Even though the camera in this game is *drastically* better than many other games, you have to admit it isn't flawless either.  If you hit Pause and go to the options, you will see an option for a second camera view called "active".  This view is better because the camera immediately follows behind Spyro at ALL times.  The other (default) camera view is more of a hassle trying to figure out where you're moving, and you can't get a good view of what lies ahead.  You may want to change it to "active" if the other camera view is difficult for you.  Thank goodness for this option!Some people have a problem with the lack of challenge.  While it's completely true you won't have much trouble making it to the end of any stage in the game, prepare to die 4 or 5 times in each stage before you understand exactly what you have to do, and where you have to jump.  I think the most challenging thing about Spyro the Dragon are the times you have to jump onto a far-away platform, and many times you just BARELY make it.  Many times you will fall to your death.  Be patient, though.  The game NEVER messes with you by throwing in any impossible jumps.  Sometimes it's about finding *just* the right spot to jump and glide, and if you're off just a *little bit* you won't make it.  The creators of Spyro are smart not to make the game frustrating, seeing as how it's supposed to be a game for the entire family.  Good work.The biggest challenge comes at the very end of the game when you face the main boss.  He's really easy to beat, however, GETTING to him is a whole other story.  You see, right at the very end before you face him, you have to jump over a series of disappearing platforms and if you fall (and you WILL fall the first few times because it's hard) you will land in burning lava and have to do the whole stage over again.  Not that the stage is really that long anyway, but this is by FAR the hardest part of the game.  The other 99% of the game only offers a slight challenge here and there.With that said, don't be fooled into thinking the game will be a cakewalk because of all the easy obstacles found throughout World One.  It DOES get harder.  You see, many of the enemies you face in the later levels can only be defeated by either smacking them with your head, or shooting fire at them.  You won't know which of these tricks will be most effective on them until you face the enemy and experiment.  You also have to dodge fireballs, sword-swipes, dogs jumping at you, and tons of other enemy attacks WHILE you try to find the best way to defeat them.  So it's not pathetically easy after all.A minor complaint is that sometimes while you're walking or running, the path will suddenly end, and you'll fall to your death.  Doesn't happen often, but I thought it would be worth mentioning.I hate the way Spyro talks.  He sounds like a bratty teenage rebel with a nasally voice.  Not exactly what a dragons voice should sound like.  Also, when you rescue the dragons, sometimes they say important things you might want to pay attention to.  The problem here is that many times the important tips they say aren't really helpful because they say them right AFTER you've already had to do them!  For instance, in one case after you glide to a far-away platform and rescue a dragon, the dragon will tell you how to glide.  Obviously, since I needed to glide in order to rescue him, I already KNOW how to glide!  So I didn't NEED his help!  This happens a few times during the game.  You just want to scream "Thanks for nothing, bonehead!"The music was done by a member of the rock band the Police, Stewart Copeland.  People may not realize it, but certain themes in Spyro the Dragon are *very* close to some of the songs that made the Police such a legendary rock band.  Stewart Copeland may have intentionally created the music in this game to match that of the Police, specifically the songs "walking on the moon" and "message in a bottle".  You'll soon realize that the same guy who created the music in this game also played a big part in creating those Police songs.  The music in Spyro the Dragon is also very catchy and appropriate for the level you're in.  No complaints.  The music is fantastic.I think the creators made a mistake.  When you hit L2 the camera rotates clockwise, and R2 makes the camera rotate counter-clockwise.  It should be the other way around.  Another thing that needs reversed: the way Spyro flies in the bonus stages.  When you press up, you fly down.  When you press down, you fly up!  Strange mistake.  This makes it harder to complete the flying stages, however, you don't have to finish them.In fact, despite what people may tell you, you do *not* have to collect ALL the gems and ALL the dragons.  Finding and collecting all the gems and dragons will only give you a better percentage and open up a bonus stage at the end of the game.  The gameplay in Spyro the Dragon can actually be compared to Yoshi's Island- you don't have to find everything, but doing so will open up rewards and give you an overall better score.  The creators did a fantastic job hiding gems and dragons, increasing the challenge.  More often than not you will see a treasure chest or a dragon statue up high on a platform and not have a single clue how to reach it.  It's fun to run around and think about how to reach it.  Some of them are cleverly located.  One word to describe it- *awesome*Anyway, Spyro the Dragon is tons of fun and may possibly remind you of a 3D Donkey Kong Country, what with TNT barrels and the jungle levels you encounter later on.  Spyro is much better than that overrated Crash Bandicoot game, and you should pick up Spyro the Dragon today.
The is the first Spyro game and it paved the road for all the other Spyro games. The story: When the evil Nasty Norc turns all of the dragons into statues, it's up to Spyro, a small purple dragon, to set them free and defeat Nasty Norc. You travel with Sparx, your dragonfly companion and also your health gage, as you collect gems and go through six gigantic worlds with over 25 levels in all. This game is great, although it's not very challenging, it offers hour of entertainment. My favorite world is the Beast Makers world. It's a creepy place and almost all the levels in it take place at nighttime, which to me is the best type of level in Spyro. My favorite is Tree Tops because it is a gigantic level that gives you that creepy feeling, even the music is creepy in it's own way. Another minor flaw in this game is that it has no mini-games in it. Those always provide extracurricular fun, but I'm happy to say that they are introduced in a later Spyro release. I'd recommend this game today if you don't already have it. If you not into Spyro, this is the place to start at.
I played this before I played the original Resident Evil. I had just barely gotten the Playstation and was renting a bunch of stuff. Originally I hated this game because I couldn't figure out how to play it. I had been a Nintendan with occasional defects to Sega (I own a Genisis) so I was unfamiliar with what has become a nearly standard control style for Playstation games. I didn't understand the pivoting, nor did I grasp the concept of holding R-1 to aim and X to shoot. I got frusterated and set it aside. However, my brother picked it up immediately after and managed to get me past the first screen. (Yes I got killed right away.) I watched my brother navigate his way through the game until he finally got killed by the first Licker. He begged me to buy it. So I did. After a while I decided to give it another try, and once I got used to the control style I beat it. I have played this this Resident Evil, and it many different incarnations across differnt platforms more than any other version. I have also bought this one the most times trying to get the "ultimate edition" and eventually got tired of it and bought the Dual Shock Greatest Hits version after the N64 version's FMV sequences were so terrible. Although I will not buy the forthcomming GameCube port unless they imporove it as drastically as they did the original, I still recomend RE 2 as the most fun of the series. If for some reason there is someone out there who does not already have some version of this game do yourself a favor and pick one up. GameCube owners, I recomend waiting for the GCN version as it is supposed to have all of the various enhancements that all of the various versions of this game had, including the much desired analog control the N64 version featured.
Beat the first yet? If you have, then jump right ahead to the second masterpiece in the series.It's fun, it's scary, and it is one hell of a ride. Ultimatley, Resident Evil 2 will give some nightmares. If the first one scared you, get ready to be terrified again!
I rented this game when it first game out, I was scared out of my mind. Everything made me jump, now I have sort of gotten over that, I am 15 and although the music and sound(zombie moaning and feet stepping) creates this scary atmosphere, it is not THAT scary. Most of you can handle it.Anyways, I needed a strategy guide for some of it. It just, it just is unrealistic. Yea to put out a fire you need a crank in a cabin? Why was the crank removed in the first place. "We need to make it so if there is a fire of some sort, this hose we have hooked up, will release some water." Yea they happened to put a handy dandy hose thingy in the ceiling, so just incase a helicopter crashed under it, or there was a mass fire under it, the hose would put it out. Yea right. Ok you need a cord just to close some shutters so zombies won't attack you? If the police were fighting, they should of closed these shutters beforehand, so less zombies came in. Instead, they decided to put the cord in an office about a mile away. Wanna get into that room? You need the crest and key and plugs buddy! How did the police actually get around this police station.Moving off of that, the game is alright. You have alot of ammo on easy, although I fear I will run out alot of the time, I usually find a pack or 2 to keep me going. The zombies themselves can take quite alot, like 5 hits to kill them. However once you get the pistol modification for Leon, they become a whole lot easier. The story is nice. 2 people trying to escape a city full of undead living thingy creatures and such. Theres alot of other characters though, you aren't the last 2 humans alive in the city. The game even though was known to have a sequel considering tremendous profits, finishes great. It starts randomly, but then ends where it should. It succeeds in making a good game. Good story, some action, you get to kill some of those evil zombies, and good package.
Resident Evil 2 - Circa 1998GOOD:- An upgrade over the original, which was considered a great game- Considered classic to many gamers- Good story, with twists and turnsBAD:- Graphics look very dated- Voice acting is not that great- Controls feel datedWILL IT FIT YOUR TASTE:- Slow moving "survival horror" game, which is more about moving boxes, managing items, and unlocking doors then actually fighting for your life- A Sc-Fi horror game set in a city over run with zombies, huge snakes, and all types of creaturesGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Dino Crisis- Silent Hill- Alone in the darkADDITIONAL NOTES:- There is a remake of this game for the Nintendo 64 and Nintendo Game Cube both of which don't really upgrade anything- The male playable character (Leon) is also the star of Resident Evil 4- Beating the game in a certain way can unlock two new characters "Hunk" and "Tofu"- There was a rumor that you could unlock Akuma from Street Fighter Alpha as a playable character, but that is not true- In Japan Resident Evil 2 is called Biohazard 2
Resident Evil 2 was one of the best Psx games back in the mid 90's as it had exclusive rights to Sony.  The game was the sequal to one of the best Survival Horror game ever.  Does this do better then its prediseccor?...YES.  OH HELL YES.  The game is a solid good game.  The story line is really entertaining but it was more of a sci fi then a horror story.  I won't spoil the story for you but the game is 2 discs and you control 2 characters(serpartly) in the game.  One is a cop named Leon Kennedy and the other is female after her missing brother Chris(who was in RE1)and the two end up meeting eachother and the rest you can figure out..I really enjoyed this game, it was fantastic.  I loved the graphics for this game it was just "wow".  The game is pretty short if you play only one half of the character you play as.  They both have 2 parts(kina).  Once you complete that characters game it opens up the second of half of the other character.  The game is fairly lenghy if you play the WHOLE game.  The game has some great twists that'll keep you up all night.  Lemmi make it easier for you...Resident Evil 2 was one of the coolest Playstation games ever.  It had an awesome story line, sweet graphics and decent dialoug.  It is also spooky in the scare factor especially when you see something crawl around a window in the beggining of the game.  In other words the game is awesome and scary.The graphics for that time were just great and comparable to Metal Gear Solid.  The character model for Leon and Clair was amazing and the zombies looked even more creepy then before, not to mention the bloody gore in this game....jeez.  Capcom did a great job making the graphics.  kudose..The gameplay is what really made me love this game.  Gun n' down zombies and solving puzzle...my type of game baby.  The Puzzle are not that hard but they are pretty cool.  The gameplay never gets boring and the boss fights are really cool.  The gameplay may turn some off in the beggining.  Mainly cause it's just runing away from zombies but later on that will change...trust me..The sound is incredible!  The zombies sound so realistic and the music for the boss fights are magnifecent(my spelling sucks I know).  The sound it self deserves a one star...What turned me off was the "kina cheezy sci fi" story.  It didn't have the same spooky feeling Resident Evil 1 had in story...which causes me to take off one star...Well yeah it was a stupid move just for that but hey that's my opinion...The games has amazing graphics, great sound, lots of awesome gameplay and is one of my favorite video game series.  Not only that it may possibly be the best in the series if not then It's 3.This game deserves a4.8 out 5....Resident Evil series is a superb series and anyone who loves survival horror will love it.  I personaly think it's one of the best gaming series out but I don't have ALL the resident Evil games.. The only ones I have are the one that go with the story like the ones I have areAnd for any newbie out there who is trying to get into the series, if you have a gamecube and get the remake of the original and start with that...then 2, 3 then Resident Evil zero which is a really enjoyable Resident Evil game...WellLates..
Graphics: 8/10 - These are often stunning but at times a bit murky. Mostly they are really fabulous to look at, though, in every scene the makers of Crash have put in a lot of effort.Sound: 7/10 - The animals could've made some more sounds but the creatures that talk do it clearly and well. Mostly the score is playing in the background so there isn't much sound to be heard.Value: 9/10 - Value for money indeed! Once you've finished, you'll want to start all over again!Overall: 8/10 - Great game with an excellent reputation. Crash 2 and 3 surpass it slightly, but this is still an easy-on-the-brain, fun and original idea.
Let&#8217;s go back in time to one of my favorite PlayStation icons: Crash Bandicoot. For those who don&#8217;t know, Crash Bandicoot is a fictional Eastern Barred Bandicoot who was genetically enhanced by the evil Doctor Neo Cortex who then escaped and set out to stop the evil scientist and his plans. Crash would appear in many games, but the ones I hold dear are the original three on the first PlayStation: Crash Bandicoot, Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. With that said, let&#8217;s take a look at the first one in the series.The first Crash Bandicoot game was released way back in 1996 with Naughty Dog developing the game, Sony Computer Entertainment publishing it and Universal Interactive Studios being the distributors. It was a PlayStation exclusive, but would eventually get re-released as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation Store to be played on the PlayStation 3. The game is definitely kid friendly and appropriate for all ages, Crash Bandicoot is basically a Mario ripoff but a very good one none the less who came up with several original ideas. The story goes that Crash Bandicoot was created by Doctor Neo Cortex and his henchmen Doctor Nitrus Brio. Crash escapes the experiments but leaves his girlfriend Tawna in the process and Crash is swept up to an island and sets out to go rescue her and stop the villains. What&#8217;s weird is that this is the only Crash Bandicoot game on the PlayStation in which Tawna appears in, I don&#8217;t know why though, it&#8217;s definitely unusual. But nonetheless, let&#8217;s continue with the game.The first thing that stands out are the graphics, the graphics for 1996 looked fantastic, they were even better than Super Mario 64 on Nintendo 64 which was released a month later. It definitely gets an A+ for presentation. The game was a huge hit and was the first non-Japanese game to achieve commercial success in the country. Now, let&#8217;s discuss the actual gameplay.The game is nonetheless a platformer in which you control Crash Bandicoot across three islands to defeat Doctor Cortex and rescue your girlfriend. The game is split into levels with one basic goal: get to the end without dying. You start out with four lives and its one hit deaths from being touched by enemies or falling into water or a pit. Yeah, it&#8217;s weird how water kills Crash even though he fell in the water at the introduction and was floating away to one of the islands and survived. Why is it that these characters who are very athletic can&#8217;t figure out how to swim? I hate games that do this because when you see water, you&#8217;re never sure if the game will allow you to swim. It&#8217;s stupid and what&#8217;s weird is that in the third game Crash does swim underwater with scuba gear. So really the game is a huge contradiction of itself.You can get more one ups by finding them across levels or collecting 100 apples which are basically the coins of Super Mario Bros, but the apples are everywhere in this game so it&#8217;s really easy to get a one up, you could literally get at least three lives per level. Attack moves include jumping in the air and landing on an enemy or using a spin move in a tornado fashion to knock enemies off-screen, I like that, even if it&#8217;s a rip-off of Super Mario World. You also find this Mask that helps you on your journey, if you find it, it gives you an extra hit point, but you don&#8217;t actually wear the mask it just follows you. If you get three masks without losing one, you turn invincible for a brief time much like the Starman&#8217;s in Super Mario Bros.The boxes are also a rip-off of Super Mario Bros. in which they have question marks on them and you have to destroy the boxes to gain prizes. But not all boxes are the same, there are boxes without question marks, arrow boxes that propel you in the air, boxes with exclamation marks which makes boxes appear out of nowhere, checkpoint boxes that act as a save spot for the level and TNT boxes which explode after three seconds when you jump on them, whatever you do, don&#8217;t spin attack them because they will immediately explode.A strange feature in these boxes is that you can get Tawna tokens that act as a bonus level so you can get some extra fruit and one ups. What&#8217;s weird is that Tawna is in this level but she doesn&#8217;t let you rescue her for some odd reason, but what&#8217;s even stranger is that completing the bonus level is the only way to save the game or get a password. I don&#8217;t understand why early PlayStation games didn&#8217;t allow you to save anytime you want. Every video game that can support a memory card should do that, I hate writing down passwords so I can continue. But the password is only eight digits and the main buttons on the PlayStation controller act as the characters so it&#8217;s at least not a long and annoying password.If you complete an entire level without losing a life and manage to destroy all the boxes, you&#8217;ll get rewarded with a gem, this was a flaw with the game because it makes the game way too damn hard and every future Crash Bandicoot game let you get the gem even if you die as long as you break all the crates. Some gems can act as platforms to help you get across areas that are impossible to reach, much like the vine in Super Mario Bros.Now while this game has some flaws, it&#8217;s still a good game overall, it&#8217;s not as good as the second and third game, but it&#8217;s definitely fun and enjoyable. The creativity is good, has a good challenge and the graphics are fantastic. If you have a PlayStation Network account, give this game a chance, it&#8217;s only $6 on the PlayStation Store so it&#8217;s not expensive or anything. It&#8217;s definitely a classic.FINAL RATING:  8 out of 10
When I got this for my early birthday,I didn't expect that the character would be so cute!Crash is adorable,which will get you hooked on for about an hour,the fun for another,and the hard for minus a second.Even though it is difficult,you'll enjoy looking in those eyes,and playing.
Alright, so I just used naughty for the play on the company name, but it got your attention, aparently, so...This is the oldest Naughty Dog title I've played (as far as I know), however it has a lot of the issues which I've noticed from their games in the past.  Nasty difficulty spikes (the eight or so level should be closer to the end) and the 'one path to the end of a platformer' standard which Super Mario World truely broke when it came out take the one star out of this otherwise superb game.While the graphics are fantastic for PS1, and moderate at worst for PS2, sometimes I find it hard to tell where, exactly, Crash is going to land.  Also this very much 3D platformer has 'side scrolling' sections where I become convinced that pressing down will make crash duck, not fall into a bottomless pit, water, or whatever else is in the foreground.  Saving can sometimes prove difficult, although, if you look in the right places, you can find a way to save after every significant area.  Also, often after completing certain difficult areas, you'll be able to do them again at any point you desire, good for getting the games bonuses.I haven't finished the game yet (I'm only half way through), so anything in this review could change, although it's unlikely.  Most Naughty Dog games are consistantly good or bad in every way.Anyway, the bonuses are usually earned by getting through a level opening EVERY box in the level without losing a single life.  Others are given through bonus levels, etc.A very great game for a great price.
"Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back" was a large step up from the first part. This game's graphics, music, gameplay, and even story were much better than in the first. But it's kind of weird how Crash Bandicoot doesn't end up staying with Tawna Bandicoot and instead ends up living with his little sister, Coco Bandicoot. Well, at least Coco has the ability to speak, unlike her big brother.The voice acting changed dramatically as well, and for the better(Dr. Neo Cortex's new voice was much cooler and evil-sounding). If you liked the first Crash game, get this one. Although it's more difficult(especially in gathering Crystals and Gems), it's really fun!
When it comes to Crash Bandicoot I'll be the first to admit playing the three main games on the PS1 in reverse order was probably a bad idea. The thing is Warped was the only one I had on hand when the urge to play these titles struck, and well, it completely spoiled me. I'm sure people are probably sick of me gushing over it but Warped was an excellent product and it was refined to the point of near perfection that I honestly wouldn't hesitate to give it a ten out of ten in conversation or review.The problem with Cortex Strikes Back is it isn't as polished as you'd expect. I don't mean this in a superficial way like graphic fidelity (which is superb for when it was released) but a "streamline all the cheap-shots out of the experience" way. The level of cheapness ingrained in Crash 2's gameplay is simply astounding and it comes from a variety of places. Things like the hit detection on the belly flop are in dire need of work and the bonus areas are usually the furthest thing from fun when that's the exact opposite of what they should be. Worse yet are the game's hidden paths which are essentially sorry excuses to throw everything but the kitchen sink at the player. The kicker to is just when you think you're done and your guard is down - that's when they throw the kitchen sink at you.The above situation is a real shame because when you get right down to it Cortex Strikes Back is a beautiful game. The level design and music are excellent as are the graphics which I feel even give Nintendo 64 games a run for their money. But every time the game turns a corner and those memories of the game's stubbornness start to fade something (again, there is always something) shows up and makes it take center stage once again. Compounding the situation is the fact there really isn't enough variety in the levels. Seriously, if I see another level with the words "Crash" or "Bear" in it I am going to scream and the same goes for the jet pack levels.Annoyances aside, if your a fan of the PlayStation having the three main Naughty Dog-developed Crash titles in your library is a no-brainer. If you haven't played them and want to do yourself a huge favor and play them in order so you'll be able to appreciate the improvements each sequel brings with it. Unlike some franchises the first three Crash games get better and bolder with each step. As for the game being discussed here, Crash 2 leaves a lot to be desired to in my book but then I can't really say I dislike it either. I do wish it was a little better (polished) than where it stands now but then that probably a part of why Warped is so good. So while I would definitely warn others of game's cheaper side I'd still recommend it to anyone with an interest in platformers.
When the first Crash Bandicoot came out in 1996 I was amazed on an old game and game system could have great 3-D graphics and such great game play but it was kind hard. But in this one it's not as hard because you can crouch, slide and crouch jump so you can jump even higher! But the graphics are more cartoonish then they are on the first one. But this one had some levels I liked better than on the first one. YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME!!!
This game has lots of advantages.The last game was good,but this one is better.The reason I gave it a four star rading is because it's hard.It's possible to do it without the guide,but impossible without a memory card.But you can like it.A good buy.
This Director's Cut is the only version of this game you should own, simply because it supports the Analogue joysticks on the Playstation controller. The control in the other versions is impossible at times, and a bugger to learn if you are a first time player.The game by itself is excellent. Lot's of puzzles, and lots of Zombies to shoot down. There are times (many of them, actually) where you much be careful how many zombies you shoot, because you can run low on bullets very quickly. The story is standard for any Survival Horror game: A group of soldiers are locked in an old mansion that is infested with zombies. An evil company has eperimented with a chemical that turns people into zombies, and the fallout turns the WHOLE TOWN into zombies. To survive, you must make your way through the mansion, and solve all the puzzles. This is definitely a challenge, and one that can be frustrating at times, but rewarding once completed.Here are the pros. The graphics are superb. The detailing of the zombies and the surroundings give you are real sense of dread, and yes, the blood flow is well detailed, it sprays when you are wounded. The music is ominous and ambient, giving just the right mood to the situations you come across. The story is also well put together, even though anyone who has seen George Romero's "Living Dead" trilogy (and what horror fan hasn't?) can get a sense of deja vu. All these elements make this a game well worth getting.Now for the cons. This game is not the toughest game for the Playstation, but it can be darn frustrating when you get stuck. Sometimes, a puzzle is very tricky and requires you to back-track just to see if you missed anything. This adds much more time to the game, but not in a good way. There is also the frustration of running low on bullets when there are three zombies coming towards you. Each zombie requires about three bullets each to finish them off, but bullets are so scarce that you must conserve. Also, the acting and dialogue is so hammy that it is comical, and you feel compelled to just skip through it so you can get back to killing zombies.Overall, this is a great game with a few shortcomings. But then again, nothing is perfect. If the Survival Horror concept sounds appealing, then you should check this one out. The "Resident Evil" series has become the benchmark of Survival Horror much like "Final Fantasy" has for the RPG genre.
Capcom's legendary Resident Evil series and I have never really seen eye to eye. Though I own nearly every non-GameCube title in the undead thriller's history, I'd never been able to stand one long enough to actually complete it, right up until this past week. I'd always found the series to be misleading, disguising itself as a straightforward action title before slowing the gameplay down to a crawl and relying on endless puzzles and feats of memory to lengthen completion times. Time after time, I'd sit down with the goal of finally tackling these games, and time after time I'd get bored, stuck or distracted, leaving the game behind. I grabbed Resident Evil 3 when it was relatively new, and the title has sat, unplayed, on my shelf for years. That was, as I said, until this past week, when I sat down with renewed vigor and vowed to complete the first title in the series, even if it drove me to madness.I'll make it really blunt; the story is absolutely terrible. The uninspiring characters meander their way through the events without a care in the world, occasionally encountering plot holes large enough to drive an oversized bus through. Nagging issues, such as why somebody would lock their home's single shotgun away in a room that's only accessible through a string of unrelated tricks and puzzles, aren't even touched upon. What if somebody breaks in, in the middle of the night? Is the owner of the mansion really going to have time to roll out of bed, run downstairs, jog to one side of the house, move around a couple statues, grab a key, run to another corner of the house, open a door, grab a fake shotgun, return to the original side of the house, unlock the doors and replace the "real" shotgun with the fake? I suppose the story does the right thing by failing to even mention these things, but they'll still tug away at the back of your mind as you play.The graphics of the first Resident Evil really haven't aged well. Humans and zombies alike wander around stiffly and unrealistically, each one looking almost identical to the others. Polygon models are simple and blocky. Textures are pixelated and undetailed, looking more like a game assembled on the Super Nintendo's SuperFX chip than a PlayStation title. The series' characteristic pre-rendered backgrounds are poorly compressed and difficult to navigate in places, forcing players to turn out all the lights and squint their eyes just to make their way through the room. Merging still images with live polygons, Resident Evil plays like a strange amalgamation of the PC classics "Myst" and "Alone in the Dark."The bread and butter of any console title, its gameplay, is the one area where you'll really learn to love or hate this series. Rather than bothering with camera angles and awkward environments, Capcom has instead sent players through a series of screens, occasionally containing interactive elements of their own. You'll control Jill or Chris from a series of dramatic angles, never in control of the camera itself. They'll enter a screen on the left side, mosey around a little bit, kill a couple zombies and leave the screen on the right side, immediately entering the next screen from another direction. Though it was a somewhat novel concept at the time of its release, this scheme brought with it numerous problems, the most notable of which was your interaction with enemies on the next screen. It's not uncommon to run full throttle off the edge of one screen, only to find a zombie waiting for you right at the edge of the next. It's a really cheap way to take a hit, and can mean a speedy, frustrating death in later stages.Looking back, the control scheme employed here is notably revolutionary. Rather than applying a more traditional platformer's control layout, Resident Evil introduced gamers to a stationary rotation-based configuration. Left and right don't serve to strafe, they stop the character's movement altogether and rotate them left or right in place. Up moves you forward, and down moves backwards. Pressing R1 draws your weapon, and pressing X at the same time fires. It's a scheme that's more appropriate for the kind of stationary gunfighting and marksmanship that's defined the action portions of this series since day one.Many of the tricks and puzzles buried within the mansion aren't so much brain teasers as they are time wasters. You'll realize what needs to be done within moments, but chances are good you won't have the piece needed to do so on your person. It took me about six and a half hours to beat the game for the first time as Chris, cautiously walking around, learning the position of the zombies, figuring out the puzzles, groaning as I realized the piece I needed was sitting in a chest, fifteen minutes away, and repeating that process. The second time through, playing as Jill and remembering which random item I would need where, I finished in three hours and twenty minutes. That's one heck of a variation.The soundtrack to the first Resident Evil is really something that's difficult to categorize. Imagine, if you can, a blend of symphonic suspense, the song that plays when you push "demo" on a keyboard, and elevator music. That's Resident Evil's melody. The composer tried to capitalize on the few "jump out of your seat" moments the storyline provided, but surrounded by cheesy samples, monotonously repeating tunes and quality that sounds more like something on the N64 than the PSX, there was only so much that could be done.On the large, this was a different kind of game than what we were getting at the time, something fresh. It wasn't a blockbuster, oh-my-god-get-me-the-sequel-now, mind numbing experience. I can understand why a game like this would deserve a sequel, but even today I couldn't have predicted the amount of games it would spawn.
Since last night I've been waiting to do this review, because I've been studying the exact differences from RE2 and RE Directors Cut. This review will really help for someone who has played RE2 but is wondering what RE DC is about. Well, you've came to the right place.  First of all, here are the facts:1. Each zombie takes 5 shots NO MATTER WHAT. (with the Beretta)2. Jill is a blonde all though she doesn't look like it (a very dumb blonde)3. BARRY HAS A MAGNUM AND HES PROUD!!!4. You have to kill zombies up to four times if you leave the room when you shoot them down. (that means they come back alive once they are dead and you leave the room...the just pop up!)5. This game has hilarious dialogue!Well, speaking of dialogue, the grammar is also very bad...and I mean VERY bad. Examples are: (when you pick up the 1st floor map)  &quot;You got the 1st floor map&quot;  RE2 says &quot;you've taken the 1st floor map&quot; that makes more sense.  &quot;You got the acid rounds&quot;...funny sometimes. Also, what I found is that Jill doesn't know what blood is. Barry is inspecting a pool of red liquid on the dining room floor. Jill comes over and has the nerve to ask &quot;What is it?&quot; and she stays there and studies it...??? Barry replies with &quot;I THINK it is blood. I hope this is not Chris's blood!&quot;  And they have exaggeration at the completely wrong times. But when there is a big monster coming they just talk &quot;wow. its a monster. what do we do?&quot;  and when there is like a door that doesnt open (during movie scenes) they say &quot;THIS DOOR WONT OPEN!! WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO??&quot; Also, a really hilarious part is when Barry hands Jill the acid rounds Jill says that he should keep them for himself, and Barry replies &quot;No that's okay...I have THIS!!!&quot; And holds up his Magnum...I laughed my head off...he sounded so stupid! No offence to the makers of RE or anything but it is just so funny!Another fact is that the camera angles are bad, but the puzzles are harder. Hmmm? Resident Evil is a very very very good game...but it is just the dialogue and camera angles...ive been talking it down but now its time to tell you that it is DEFINATELY worth getting, despite it's happy mediums.So theres a few final things I have to say here:1. Barry has a magnum 2. Wesker has shades 3. And the three zombies at the top of the stairs above the M Storeroom 1F sound like cows.Cheers! ~Jongles
If only the movie was as good.  I've missed playing this game so much, glad to have it back in my collection.
Resident Evil: Director's Cut (1997). The PSX re-release of the 1996 survival horror game.Back when the PSX was first released, the system didn't have much in the way of standout games. Of course, there were a few noteworthy PSX launch games like Twisted Metal, Doom, and Tekken, but for the most part, the PSX didn't have anything outstanding yet. Thus, Resident Evil was made. Taking influences from the earlier survival horror series Alone In The Dark, Resident evil took all of its aspects to the next level and eventually became one of Capcom's most successful franchises to date, ranking just behind the Mega Man and Street Fighter games. In fact, the original RE game was probably the first PSX game to make the system worthwhile before other important games were released in the following years.Most everyone who's played the games already knows the story, but for those who haven't, here's a brief synopsis: A strange murder occurrence just outside of Raccoon City has caused Police officials to be suspicious, so they sent two Special Tactics and Rescue Squad (STARS) teams to go investigate. You play as either Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield, both of them surviving STARS members. The teams end up getting stuck in the mountains, so they eventually find themselves inside a huge mansion, where the STARS members discover numerous creatures such as zombies, mutilated dogs, giant spiders, and other monsters. These were all created due to Umbrella Corporation's disastrous T-Virus. As the game goes along, more important discoveries are made.Now let's talk about the game itself.Of the three PSX RE games, this one easily has the worst graphics. We're talking first-generation PSX graphics here, if that's any indication. The character models are all blocky and easily stick out from the otherwise highly detailed still-screen environments. These environments are navigatably 3D, but the camera angles sit at fixed 2D points, which can be both good and bad, depending on the situation. By bad, I mean that some angles hinder the view of the action. The monsters (especially the zombies) have very limited animation and models compared to the later games, and its limited engine prevents the game from having more than 3 monsters on the screen at one time (not including the crows). So the only real decent graphical aspects are the rendered environments. But even they don't quite compare to the detail in the following games.The sound effects are good for the most part. However, the zombies come off sounding more like moaning old men than actual monsters, and the voice acting... dear god? don't get me started. It's so hilariously bad that it's just fun to listen to. The dialogue doesn't help things at all along with the horrible acting which is bad even by B-movie standards. One of my friends almost died of laughter the last time I went through the game. The music on the other hand, is decent and suits the mood of each area appropriately. It's nothing special, but it does add to the overall suspense.The controls are something that most people either love or hate. It took me some time to get used to them, but now I have no troubles whatsoever. Most people that hate them don't seem to realize that RE isn't just an all-out action game, but rather an exploration puzzle type game with action segments. The controls were a bit rough here, though they have been more refined in later releases. I do admit though, that it does get very tedious backtracking to the item box again and again because you can't hold all the items you want to. Between the two playable characters Jill and Chris, I personally found Jill to be the better one to control because she has more inventory slots and weapons than Chris, although Chris's voice acting isn't quite as nerve-grating as hers is. Both characters each have their own sub-character that helps them along game, such as Barry who helps Jill, and Rebecca who aids Chris.Most people have said that this game was the scariest of all the RE games. I'm not sure I agree with that, but the atmosphere can be quite chilling at certain points. I suppose that the dogs breaking through the glass windows could've scared newbees to the series, but since I was introduced through RE2 and the fact that I've already played the MUCH freakier Silent Hill games, the original didn't scare me nearly as much as it should have. To the game's credit though, it does present the most puzzles, and a majority of them are real brain-benders. It's something that the series started to get away from as time went on. Plus, I thought that the game itself felt larger than all the others in the series, so it will take a while for new players to beat it. The challenge is also very high since there is very limited ammo to take out the creatures with. Even veteran RE fanatics still find the first game to be thoroughly challenging enough to come back for more.This version of the game is a director?s cut edition, but it?s really nothing special. All we get is an extra mode that is more challenging and features different outfits for the main characters, but if you already own the original, there?s no need to get this version. Apparently the Japanese version also had extra cut-scenes, so we were cheated! So much for it being a ?director?s cut?, huh?Although this game is extremely dated by today's standards, it's still worth checking out if you're a big fan of the series and want to see how the series got started in the first place. However, it's not really necessary now that a MUCH better remake is available on the Gamecube, so I suggest looking into that game instead. RECOMMENDED SPECIFICALLY TO FANS OF THE SERIES. NEW FANS SHOULD START WITH RE 2 OR THE GAMECUBE REMAKE OF THE ORIGINAL FIRST.
*The title is a quote from the final boss, Andross*A more accurate rating for this game, overall, is really 4.5 stars; but, of course, Amazon won't let you grade in "half stars."  A true masterpiece, Starfox 64 stands as one of the greatest games ever created for the Nintendo 64, and perhaps even all time.  I recently got it as my first and only Star Fox title; and, though I'm normally not a fan of games with shooting and space ships like this, this game succeeded in impressing!  Analyzing its features step by step, it's pretty hard to find reasons why this game shouldn't be loved:Storyline 10/10: The story is absolutely captivating!  Though it starts out pretty simple and generic (the galaxy and Corneria are being threatened by Venom, someone save us, etc.) the backstory behind it is pretty detailed, the intro is epic, and the story itself takes on a whole new life when you start playing!  Actually, YOU are the one who controls the story to a degree: you can pretty much decide, through skill and/or choice, whether things go great or awful for the Star Fox team, a heroic pilot crew you can manipulate.  You control Fox McCloud, and only Fox McCloud, but you also associate with the three pilots of Peppy, Slippy, and Falco; why, just protecting Falco and doing certain actions on the first level can decide which way the story goes!  This game does a great job of drawing you into its world and making you want to figure out what's happening.Characters 9/10: I have to commend whoever came up with these interesting characters: they make the game!  Even on your own crew, each one is distinctive: Falco, for example, plays along the lines of "the tough guy with a secretly caring heart."  Peppy is like the fatherly instructive type, and Slippy plays along the lines of a new school boy.  Finally, Fox, the same character you control, often takes on a reserved leadership role (which makes sense).  Each one has his own quirks; and, though any of them can be annoying on a certain level, you can't help but feel a degree of liking for each of them.  Their lines, though perhaps epic for the time, can be somewhat cheesy and/or cliche (Peppy's, "It's Quiet . . . too quiet." is a good example); but the cheesiness adds to what is oddly a funny and light-hearted game.  You often can't help but think, "I shouldn't be laughing at this," but you'll laugh anyway.  It's just that kind of game.  The A.I. of each character on maneuvering is decent; but, until you get skilled enough, it can be hard not to shoot at them or let enemies get them, as they get in your way at the oddest times (then fuss at you when you do hit them).  Peppy occasionally gives advice that doesn't particularly help either, though it hardly ever hurts if you follow it.  Speaking of advice, though, the game can make you depend on your characters if you're newer at it, as they can each do something useful: Peppy gives advice and often tells you where to shoot, Slippy analyzes boss health meters, and Falco often covers you.  If someone gets shot down, you'll miss him.  Finally, the characters are also pretty life-like in behavior: try shooting down enemies that Falco is chasing on some levels, and listen to his reaction to it.Graphics 9/10: Some issues with fog (common for Nintendo 64 games), but otherwise absolutely beautiful.  The fog itself, even, can be justified, as you spend most of your time in the air.  Though many stages take either a purely generic "spacial" theme, such as the asteroid field, the planets are really intuitive.  In this game you can find a volcanic environment, which even mimics the "wavy" effects of heat, an ocean environment (full of fish and plant life), a couple of cities, a train depot . . . the works!  The most interesting graphics you could see, however, has to be the part of the asteroid field you can "warp" to.  Though it probably looks like you've taken a medication or something else you shouldn't have, you can't deny the mysterious beauty of that point in the level. . . . Please note, however, that what levels you see depends on what paths through the game you take; like the story, it's dependent upon your actions in the levels.Mechanics 9/10: This covers things like controls, ability to save, and learning curve (whether it's easy or hard to master).  The controls, though they work well, are pretty complicated to learn.  This complication, however, is eased by the nice training mode they threw in; a few rounds in training mode, and you'll pretty much have them down!  The game can still be pretty tough to a degree, though; however, I was able to nearly make it through the entire game on one of my first three rounds (and I'm usually not too hot at games like this), before the Star Wolf team finished me off (they're pretty tough if you don't know how to handle them right).  Make sure to master the somersault maneuver; I've never seen a game force you to rely on it as heavily as this one!  In terms of saving, I was disappointed: there's no way to save; and, unlike what some people say, there's no password feature either.  You'll probably get sick of the first level for that reason.  While it's not a deal breaker, this game isn't for the busy person who's looking to play for only an hour or less and quit.  If you want to experience the true value of this game, you'd better set aside at least a couple of hours for it.  The lack of a save feature is the biggest thing that kept me from giving this game a perfect score, as I kept catching myself thinking, "This game would be perfect if only it had a save feature!"Music and Sound 10/10: No complaints in the music and sound department!  It pretty much captures the mood, be it suspenseful, hopeful, dramatic, or even rewarding.  The character voices are also well done, awesomely portraying the character personalities as well.  I can't describe any of this justly, though; you'll have to listen for yourself!Conclusion: Star Fox 64 is a face of near perfection, if only a few small blemishes hadn't reared their ugly heads.  Multiplayer, I hear, is lacking; but, overall, none of the minor flaws in this game are major dealbreakers.  Personally, I recommend this game to people who are bored and have a lot of time on their hands; the replay value is great with its various paths!  The final boss can be downright creepy, and . . . well, I think any critique could easily go on forever!  Long story short, this game is an absolute steal at the cheap price it's at now.  A fond memory in many gamers hearts, this Star Fox 64 still remains as a highly recommended game to play!
starfox for n64 will always be a classic, has fun game play only problem is that the game isn't overly challenging (made to be win-able by kids) and isn't a very long game i remember winning it on several occasions in one sitting (but still taking several hours)very fun game though
As with the first there is no save option but it is still fun to see how far you get in this game.Its nice and challenging its just a drag there is no continue or save option here.You can get extra lives though.Like most games it gets easier the more you play it.The graphics are superb and the music is very good too.I just recommend you get the first Star Fox cause that game is longer.You should still get this though.
In 1997, Nintendo was on the cutting edge in the video gaming industry. The Nintendo 64 proved that no mateer what a CD-ROM gaming system was able to do, a cartridged based gaming system could do better. That June, the case really proved the theory with the release of Starfox 64. The game was the very first to incorporate Nintendo's Rumple Pak, a force-feedback device that let's players feel each and every vibration at hand.In the game, you play Fox McCloud, a young determined fighter pilot who is sent on several missions to destroy Andross, a inane, mad genius that demands full control of the Lylat system. There are 15 remarkable stages that let you encounter in the entire game, alone over twenty-five different paths you decide on your way to Andross. The graphics are so realistic and full of promise, that you see the game so vividly, you feel like you're a part of it. In Starfox 64, you also have the use of 3 different vehicles, depending on your course, Arwing, Landmaster Tank, or the Blue Marine sub, only used in the Aquas sea level. The game also has a fierce battle level, for up to 4 players, where you shoot down your fellow squadron leaders, Peppy, Falco, and Slippy.It took nearly two years for other companies to develop the feel of the game, the exact same way Nintendo did with Starfox 64. The game is exactly one of a kind in the pilot seat. While Nintendo stopped releasing the Rumble Pak with the game nearly six months later, Starfox 64 is still truly a Nintendo gamer's paradise.
At first I thought this game [stunk] cause there was no save feature but there is a password feature and you can use other people's passwords to start out on whatever level you feel. Cheating has never looked so good! There are great graphics and action and the gameplay is very straightforward.All in all it deserves an A -. A great gift to receive in September.
It can be said that this game is easy, maybe the graphics is terrible but at the time i loved this game i've not touch this game in years however i can say i really enjoyed this all time classic.For the people who are true nitendo fans this is a classic that you can add to your 64 libary. I still have my 64 and it works great so does the games, Starfox is worth a try laterz folks.
I've had this game basically since it launched in 2000. I must say, the graphics are rather impressive for an N64 game, and the gameplay is great. The minigames are fun, especially when playing with other people. The only real problem I had with this game is how it didn't last long at all. It has about 100-150 mini games, but you can easily beat the game and unlock them all within about a week of good playing time.
I'll be doing the Mario Party games next and besides this one and 9, I have the entire series. 1 is the first one I played and still the one I hold very highly as one of the best ones in the series.The plot is very generic. Toad wants to test everyone and see who can be the super star and thus the game that destroys friendships begin. The original Mario Party is known for its difficulty in terms of mini games as the controllers back in the day were either unresponsive or some were just way too hard and required luck. I might even add that some mini games like the tug-o-war required you to twirl your controller to the point that it might even break or hurt your hand. Yeah some of the mini-games are brutal. On the plus side, there are some memorable mini games where you had to work together to win the game and personally we didn't see that until Mario Party 9 with the boss battle.The game overall had the most nostalgic feel and introducing the character's personalities through the stages. This game kind of set up Peach's obsession with cake and Luigi being the gadgeteer of the two brothers. The music for the stage is very cute especially in Rainbow Castle. I love how whoever gets 4th place gets the butt monkey treatment and attacked by the stage while 1st player achieves the mission needed.Overall, a good start for the series, but good luck finding this game. This game never reached the virtual console because of the controls so its a rare find in any trade in store without it being at extremely high prices.
The days when people said, &quot;We're having a Party, A Mario Party...&quot;  Seems to be long past.  When this game first came out, it seemed to be the only thing people talked about.  Yet today, with 5 Mario Parties in the collection, this one still is wonderful for being the base roots.Just like any of the other Mario Parties, you choose which character you'd like to be, Mario, Luigi, ect.  The object of the game is to go around the board and collect Stars.  Stars come at a price, 20 coins.  To get 20 coins, you must win mini games or land on blue spots.  This is like an advanced board game for the N64, but with a twist.  In addition to the board game aspect of this game, after everyone takes 1 turn a mini game takes place.Competitions in this mini game include:Everyone against eachother1 Vs 32 Vs 2This is where the intense fun comes on.  You and your friends button smash, spin the analog stick to your hearts content.  As a matter of fact, so much button smashing (fast taps on the buttons)takes place that gloves came out for this game to protect your hand.  Be warned, if you're too competitive with this particular Mario Party, you may wind up with a blistered palm or sore fingers.It's overall pure fun.  Games can last for hours and hours if you really want.  Though playing a board game on a console sounds dull, this game completely opposite of that!If you want a great N64 game...this is a must buy.If you are interested in this game, but don't want to play an older console anymore or don't have a N64, I recommend Mario Party 4 and 5 for the Nintendo Gamecube.  Exceptionally fun, with  quite a bit less dangerous button smashing.
When Nintendo first made it onto the scene with Mario 64, they had no idea of how interesting it is to mold and shape the format of the Mario Brothers industry for the Nintendo 64. It became so big, that every single thing had to be topped off to the next level of excitement, and so on down the line.With Mario Party for Nintendo 64, they had absolutely no idea of how successful it has become. The game features your choice of six characters to choose from, Wario, Mario, Peach a.k.a. Princess Toadstool, Yoshi, Luigi, and Donkey Kong. The object of the game is to collect as many stars as possible by winning several different types of games including Tug O' War, where it is 1 player vs. 3 players, Bombs Away, where you have to try stay on a floating island for 30 seconds, without getting the shock from cannon shots coming, and there is Deep Sea Divers, where you have to collect as many treasure chests as possible, without losing your breath. There are also six different kinds of boards to play the game on, as well as two very special hidden boards, so look out.It is a shame that most games didn't seem to be like Mario Party. Although many people are interested in the newer ones and the Gamecube version, the original is always the best one to try for starters. If you really want it, then roll the dice and take that very first chance.
The first mario party while not the best mario party,holds a lot of nostalgia for me.if it weren't for the stick spinning minigames i'd rank this in the top 3.
when i bought my N64 i really suffered for games, it seem like no one had N64 the games,EVENTUALLY i was able to aquire game like Doom N64 / Duke Nuken ect..... with less than ordinary graphics in comparison to when i got my memory epansion, Then came games like Donkey Kong 64 , Perfect dark , Zelda Majaora's Mask, well  let say that i really was impress to see the full potential of the N64 ,i always wondered why??? for the power that N64 had it was hard to see how Ps1 was so much more popular than N64, i know N64 had some really great games and the graphic was superior to Ps1, anyhow if you are a serious gamer the expansion pak is a must have and also you can experience the full potential of the N64 laterzzzz folks / gamers.....
The graphics are piss-poor but the game play and music rarely get better.Bulbasaur is better than any other starter ever and always will be. Charmander was cute but not as cool. And Squirtle as adorable as he was was way too slow.The madness never stopped in my house once me and my bro (22 and 16 now) got these into our grubby paws. We did next to no trading, but tons of gaming.20 Pokemon that are in this title are:Bulbasaur, Starmie, Vulpix, Vileplume, Articuno, Electabuzz, Ponyta, Gloom, Tangela, Lickitung, Mewtwo, Chansey, Taurus, Jynx, Oddish, Golbat, Horsea, Dragonite and Magmar.Game play : A-Sound : B-Originality : A-Story: C-Trading : A-Fun : AReplay : A++Overall : B4 stars.
By now every man, woman andchild has heard of pokemon, and it's reputation.  The cute little animals you catch in a ball and then force to fight eachother has captured the hearts of kids in America, and the wallets of parents.  Many people hate this game with out even giving it a try.  Why is that, the overly priced, merchandice, the barbaric card game (banned in many elementary schools and pre schools nation wide) and terrible TV show and average movies...  When looking at all the [stuff] it's easy to forget the concept, and enjoyment of the game itself.The game is an RPG, meaning experience building and random battles, all in a quest (in this case) to become the best.  You have a rival (who you name) and the two of you compete through out the entire game.because this is on Gameboy (before Color) the graphics are dull, plain, boring.  However after getting past that you have a very deep, very fun, and very addicting game.  Catching 151 of the creatures (151 through either gameshark or Pokemon Conventions) and in these cases it is a little difficult to put the game down.Overall the game is worth playing because it is a lot of fun, forget the [stuff] that it spawned and play the first game, if you are an RPG Fan you will not be disapointed.
Supersmash Bros. , is one of the most fun N64 games. It has few problems which include not the best graphics and lack of replay value. You will have an exellent time playing though (I recomend playing as Donkey Kong), overall its hard not to like. A great game check it out.
one if the top 5 nintendo 64 games of all time.just as good as mario 64 to me.it is one of the most popular too
Only the best fighting game ever, provides hours of fun for you and you friends. Pick your favorite Nintendo character and start smashin'!
My brother and I rented this game numerous times and in the end finally decided to buy it. It is actually quite fun to play, with many arenas and many of the famous characters from Nintendo. Each character basically has their own arena, and all of the arenas have their advantages and disadvantages. This game is especially recommended as a gift for a child.What I love about this game is that you can play with as many computers as you want, and they can be against you, or if you want to have fun they can be on your team. You can have timed battles or die from losing lives.Pros:1) Fun multiplayer action2) Computer feature is great---you can set computers skill level3) Good training level, where you can control many things, and add items and make the computer do things to help you train4) Just Great!!Cons:1) Certain characters are hard to get (like Ness)2) Less advanced than Super Smash Bros Melee3) Controls are sometimes difficultThis is a great gift for anyone who is young (especially) and for anyone with a N64.
Super Smash Brothers is one of the most unique ideas to hit the gaming world since first person shooters featured deathmatch.  For this game it features numerouse memorable nintendo characters such as Link, MArio, Pikachu, Samus Arron, Fox Mcloud and more in basically a battle royal.  The real fun is wehn you gather a group of friends and go into battle.  The action is almost always intense.  However I do have a few complaints about the game.1: Character Diversity.  On the primary roster Three of the 8 basic characters come from one form or another of the mario universe (Donkey Kong, Yoshi, MArio) and then Luigi as a hidden characeter.  So basically after all the hidden charactres are unlocked (a royal pain in the ***) one thrid of the roster comes from the mario universe.2: Story Mode: Basically in story mode you go through variouse fights, one on one, an army of characters, tag team, handicap, so on until you face the master hand and in the end it turns out your character is just a (What you thought I was going to spoil the ending).So overall this game is great if you have a bunch of friends over, however I would rather own the Gamecube version and that basically this is a rental for a weekend party.
this isnt bad i have it and it works great i think this is better then alot of older systems like game boy or super nt but still its a good system.
the system would be a bit better if it had a front lit screen.but it is still awesome.if you are going to get a game for this system i thing you should get zelda and pokemon silver or pokemon gold.thanks for reading
have some old gameboy color games around? only have an original gameboyor super gameboythis is great for old games, and is duruable, afordable, and lasts a long time on batteries, but if you like gba games too the gameboy advance sp is for you, plus is has a backlight. these last a long time, and sell for about $14.99 on adverage.
Ape Escape consists of more than 20 3D levels based on a variety of time zones. To clear a level, Spike (played by you) must capture a set number of monkeys. After filling that quota, you must access the next level. Reaching the monkeys will require you to jump, sneak, swim, climb and fly through a variety of situations.  To help you on your way, you are given a net and a lightsaber type stun club.  Throughout the course of the game, Spike will collect six additional gadgets.  In addition to providing the means of completing future levels, returning to previous levels with new gadgets will allow Spike to capture any monkeys he left behind. In addition to monkeys, each level has tokens to collect. Collecting enough tokens will open minigames.  This game gets addicting pretty fast.
The battle system could of been a lot better.  Number one: There's too many battles in the first place.  You take three steps you get in a battle.  You walk two steps to get somewhere and you end up in a battle.  You take one step, most likely you'll get in a battle.  Also, let me point out that once you're in a battle, you can't move around.  And plus summoning whatever it is you're trying to summon, like Thunder or something, you have to press eighty buttons just to summon it at once.  It's hard to do.  However, I think that the game was engaging and never let ya go.  It was entertaining, and it is undoubtedly worth the twenty bucks$...but...the battle system could of been a lot better, I'm sorry.
I love Final fantasy games and they never fail to be fun. This game was a lot of fun. I wouldn't say I love it though because there are ways it could have been better. It definitly was an awesome game, especially for such an old one.
The only, only, only, only, only, only, thing that I didn't like about Final Fantasy VII was the Materia system.  It takes an eternity to master all of the Materia.  Other than that, this IS the greatest game ever.
The story and plot are interesting enough to keep a gamer entertained.  Gameplay is entertaining, but also challenging.I cannot give the game five stars though.  I had already played the likes of FFX and Xenosaga prior to playing this game.  Their superior visuals and certainly the inclusion of voice-acting made the experience more enjoyable than FF7.  In other words, I would have enjoyed FF7 if I had experienced the game prior to playing more recent RPGs.
While this game may not be the very best RPG in my opinion, I must give this game credit for being able to finally throw the RPG genre into the mainstream for two gaming generations. This game was the first game in the series to feature stunning FMV with 3D character models in pre-rendered backgrounds, which was a major step up for the RPG world, considering that any RPG released before this one either only had 3D models during battle sequences or none at all, but of course graphics are not everything. Gameplay will always matter much more than the graphics in any game; it is the sole reason games are played, to enjoy the game itself with graphics just being an added bonus to the already great game itself.This game still maintains the fast-paced ATB system where the characters must react in a timely manner to defeat the enemies or bosses that will cross paths with the characters controlled in the battles. One of the greatest highlights of this game is that this is the first game in the series to have a science fiction based plot otherwise unseen in earlier titles, and very few other RPGs at the time.This game is also the first in the series to add character peripherals such as "materia". Materia can be equipped and can be made more powerful each time it is used.Overall, I would highly recommend this title to advanced and beginners alike, as this game has a straightforward level up system with a neat addition of the character peripheral I have mentioned above. This should last one a good 50-70 hours, depending on whether one decides to undertake the various sidequests offered in the game or not.
This game was a bit of a let down compared to its predacessor, Final Fantasy VI (US III).  It's still a good game, the second best one from the three released for PS (IX is the best of the PlayStation era).  The dark realism pioneered by this game made for a good story, and was much more well done than Final Fantasy VIII.  The addition of FMV for the first time was also a nice new element.  However, the gameplay and story still fall short of Final Fantasy VI and IX.  Worth a play, especially since the price is good now.
I must say, this game is great.I have written another review for this game, but i didnt feel it was completey correct.One thing was it is confusing and I cant say its for everyone, i say this because if you dont like FF and you havent tried FF before dont start here.The game is fun,but not good graphics, and its confusing.Yu may not like this game,I warn you.
Let me just break this game down step by step.Storyline:Very good and very easy to follow. I like how it separates between Shinra and Sephiroth before the first disk is even half way over. Very addicting and very fun to follow, and it still always gets me going without ever getting old.Graphics:10 years ago these graphics were considered "best of all time".10 years later, we ask ourselves 'What the heck is this crap?'One thing that never gets old is the fact that these poorly drawn 3D characters are unequally proportioned. Huge hands, twig arms? No mouths or noses, and yet they have huge hair? In 2007 all I can think of is to thank whoever came up with REAL 3D graphics.Characters:Each has their own special personality that I love. Barrett being my favorite. His attitude and swearing habits are possibly the funniest thing in the game. I usually keep him in my party just for that reason. Cloud is  stubborn, but not as funny. Tifa's got that hair thing going(like I just mentioned). Aeris is kind of boring and dies too early in the game to get to know her a lot more than you do. Red XII.....he's a dog? Cid, another character who can't control his mouth. Yuffie....some ninja girl that really serves no more meaning than a side quest. Vincent, amazing character who can morph into creatures. And Cait Sith....wait a minute, he's a toy? O.O;;;Bosses:Each have their own difficulty which I like.Some require you to actually have trained or else face a brutal whipping. Final 3 bosses each have their own "twang" to them. Especially Sephiroth who is fun to go up against time and time again. I mean c'mon, who doesn't like a cool character with a wing for an arm? Music kind of gets to you though and his 5 minute Super Nova attack gets really frustrating when he does it about 10 times.I kind of wish there were more than 2 All-American Creature bosses thoughMagic:The whole materia thing is fun, except for the fact that it ruins your stats.Limit Breaks:Easy to use, hard to obtain.Playability:Very-HighI've replayed this game time after time again without getting bored. I try new strategies and new characters each time and try to level up differently than I did before.
Everyone complains how great or how bad this game was. To me when it first came out I loved it, it was the first Final Fantasy game I played i was like 9 or 10 years old. I still like the game a lot yes now it has bad graphics but they were cool back then. The story was good but at times made you laugh. Cloud was alright but there has been better but I thought sephiroth was a great bad guy and to me the best character in the game. Yes it is long but I enjoy games that take time to beat and it wasn't very difficult to beat. I enjoyed that there was a lot of extra stuff to do in the game besides the main storyline which is smoething games are missing these days.All in all I still enojy playing this game as most of the other Final Fantasy's, my favorite is 9 to be honest. They all have good and bad things about them. So it's not my favorite game but its still one of them.
FF7 was my first game to play from FF. Great graphics, very mundane story, and the mini games were very well worth it. This game should be added towards your FF collection.
I'm old enough to remember when RPGs weren't called RPGs. In those days the essence of the game was to move the players about a game board, fighting battles, collecting treasure, and finding clues. Origin's Ultima series was the grandparent of these games - immensely entertaining, but essentially two-dimensional. Among its heirs were the first games in the Final Fantasy line.This was also a time when computer capabilities and capacity seemed to double every few months. Final Fantasy VII is the result of an inevitable synergy between technology and imagination. Players found themselves in a three-dimensional world where they could wander at will. They were playing with characters that were not only more animated and lifelike, but also had something that resembled personalities. In a very real sense, FFVII changed the gaming landscape, and RPGs reached a new level of credibility.What is inside is the story of Cloud Strife; an ex-soldier turned mercenary who is drawn into the struggle between Avalanche, a revolutionary group, and Shinra, a rapacious company that is rapidly draining the resources of the planet. Starting out in the city Midgar the battle moves back and forth across the planet, as Cloud gathers team members, accessories and power. Everyone has a history, often mysterious, and an important role to play.Eventually it becomes clear that the real enemy is a laboratory experiment gone horribly wrong. Shinra's effort to produce supermen has created Sephiroth, who has become one of the legendary villains of the gaming world. Physically beautiful, his mind has been ruined by his knowledge of what he is, and his goal has become the destruction of the world.The plot is remarkably rich. Within the main story arc are many smaller stories that build the players understanding of the nature of each of the characters. There seem to be an unending number of weapons, powers, and monsters. More than enough material for many replays. The graphics are a bit primitive for our time, but were startling when this game first came out. As your imagination adapts to the imagery, the game becomes truly engaging on many levels. Final Fantasy VII is still one of the best of its genre, Whether you are a student of gaming or an aficionado, it belongs on your shelf.
Final Fantasy VII - Circa 1997GOOD:- Considered a Classic PS1 RPG by many people- Arguably Best story in a video game- Epic story with fleshed out characterBAD:- Graphics are really dated, 3D character models looked old even in 1997- Game play may feel datedIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Turn based RPG- No voice-overs, so there is lots of reading- Unless your looking for or like that retro look/feel of an RPG, it will feel dated to those raised on Final Fantasy X or Kingdom HeartsGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Final Fantasy VIII- Final Fantasy IX- Legend of Dragoon- Chrono CrossADDITIONAL NOTES:- There is two versions of this game in one version the female playable character is called Aeris and in another it is called Aerith (note this is the same character)- There is a version for the P.C. as well- The CG movie Final Fantasy: Advent Children is a direct sequel to this game- Note: all Final Fantasy are not related to one another, think of each Final Fantasy a it's own game not connect in any real/true way to another Final Fantasy, the only exception is Final Fantasy X-2 which is a sequel to Final Fantasy X
The graphics are dated and the story's mediocre. The game is still good. Let's face it, people. There will never be a perfect RPG, but this one is good. You've all heard the story, yet here's what's great about it. Really good side quests, beliveable charecters, and beatiful movies. What's bad is the plot, the graphics, and the last boss. That's it. Goodbye.
Final Fantasy VII is a good game to play. It is difficult at some points in the game. I started 3 times just to overcome the beginning of the game and to progress to the continuation of the story. The story line is good. I especially like the stealing of items from monsters, to see what all you can get,sometimes a weapon or just healing items. Sofar I,m just at the stage where I left the city, and roaming the world map. I'm trying to get more familiar with it. It will take me a long time to finish this game, since it has 3 discs, maybe I'll never finish it.
I found the only challenge to be the weapons and the final showdown with sephiroth. This was a great game but way to easy to play because i played Phantasy Star prior to this. On the other hand it had a slew of extra missions and hidden items and stuff to play for. Find the ribbons and sephiroth will be a lot easier to fight. I found two. The graphics were terrible, lets not lie ok... and to add insult to injury there was never a remake. In a way it makes me hate the game a bit more than i already do, even though it was a game i spent most my time with....
Resident Evil: Code Veronica.This was originally released on the Dreamcast and originally intended to be the third of the Resident Evil series. However, that went to what we now know as the excellent Nemesis game for playstation.This game was the first to be set in full 3D with no pre-rendered backgrounds. This game has held up very well and the graphics are more polished on the PS2 and gamecube versions.It follows the story of Claire Redfield after the events of Resident Evil 2 and also reintroduces us to one of the heroes from the original game, Chris Redfield. It features new enemies, weapons and entirely new locations.Something about the location didn't set right with me. Oh, I know...it's not Raccoon City. Well, I guess they couldn't help that after Nemesis, but still.I say this is where Resident Evil started to go down hill. That doesn't mean this is a bad game, but this doesn't feel as fresh as the others before it, who still play great in 2009. I'd recommend this as it is better than Resident Evil Zero, 4 and much better than 5.
This didnt have the best plot as the other res do, but was a hell of alot challanging. Your Claire Redfield looking for your brother Chris Redfield. You meet Steve Burnquist who eventually dies im sorry to say. I dont wanna spoil any more but anyway, Your main goal is to survive on the umbrella base owned by Miss Veronica. She is the master of all the ashfords which are a family of very wealthy people. Youll meet Alexia and Alfred. They are deadly so becareful. The graphics are the best part. Youll see a world of reality when you first see the first fmv. The Plot is good but not the best. And the handgun you get as your first weapon, lol sux. But you will not be dissapointed when you first turn the game on. You also will play as Chris Later in the game so have fun while the game lasts.
Resident Evil: Code Veronica on the Dreamcast has the same mutant/zombie killing and gore everyone would expect from a Resident Evil game.  The graphics are considerably better in this latest installment of the series, and there are plently of new monsters to exterminate. As for the weapons, there isn't much new here...but at least it's kept relatively realistic with shotguns, pistols, and sub-machine guns, ect. The story is involved and although at some points predictable, it's executed well from start to finish.  Unfortunately, as in the other Resident Evil games, there is a lot of back tracking that must be done to complete the game...and having limited item space makes it all the more time consuming.  If you've played the previous Resident Evil games, you know what to expect.  There's also plently of fun secrets to unlock (like Battle Mode), and they add a considerable amount of replay value.  Resident Evil: Code Veronica is yet another great reason to own a Dreamcast.
I am a Dreamcast holdout.  And I am proud of it.  The DC is...was the new Resident Evil Machine and every game in the series except for 1 was on it.  Which brings me to Resident Evil 3This is the Survival Horror god.  RE3 is perhaps the most scary(insert shocking here) game of the series I have played yet.  Rather than face several boss charactors at obvious areas, Nemisis, the big, bad boss of this game will literally chase you throughout the game.  I still remember fondly the first time I saw his distorted face.  And I remember well his tenacious persuit of me causing my fingers to curl and my stomach to clench.  He is scary.Added to Nemisis himself is the wonderful, useful dodge ability.  Tired of Zombies walking through your hail of fire to rip open your neck?  Charge them and push them back!  Tired of spiders wraping their legs around you and pumping you full of poison?  Jump aside.  It is so nice to actually roll out of the way of a enemies swinging claws.  And RE3 is the only game so far where you get to do this.Finally, the gripes.  Although I have not played 1, RE3 is the shortest of the series I have played.  It is also much less epic than 2 or Veronica.  If it is lengh and amazing story you are looking for, go for RE code Veronica.  But is you want to be gripping the armchair seat and shivering from overdose excitement...This is the game for you.
This review is actually in reference to both the Dreamcast version and the Playstation version. For PS 1, RE 3 offers some of the best graphics available on the system, on DC the graphics are a sore disappointment as there were only minimal improvements, and while it does look better on the DC there are other enhancements that I would have implemented. This game had scared me when I rented it on the PS 1 so bad that I set it aside. It had got my heart racing, the whole running away and running for dear life... and me without a guidebook! Several years later I buy the DreamCast version just to complete the collection, and while waiting for the remake of RE 1 for my GCN I dust this game off and played through it, without a guidebook. This time I didn't get spooked at all. I was up pretty late that night I got scared anyway.RE 3: Nemesis focuses more so on action than anything else, and there is (thankfully) more than enough ammo and herbs to go around. I think that this is probably the easiest of the Resident Evil games, not saying that you won't encounter the "You Died" screen on occasion, but less often than in other installments. This is also the shortest game in the series. The voice acting is dramatically better than previous games, as well as the in game cut scenes a little more fleshed out. However the story is not as fleshed out as it should have been. The game does have some advantages. It is the first game to allow you to ascend and descend stairs without using the action button, and it was the only game of the series to have a functional dodge button, which was great. I also enjoyed the gunpowder mixing. All in all this game is a lot of fun, short, but sweet, and although it is not the pinnacle of the series it is a worthy sequel. Plus the DreamCast version has more than enough extras to keep a person busy for a while. Lie RE 2 this game is being ported to GCN with minimal improvements. I only wish that Capcom would consider a total remake of this game as well with more story elements. If future installments of RE are to keep the tank like movement than I hope that they will reincorporate the dodge button.
For anyone who has not played this stellar game series, this is what you call a "survival horror" game, which means you have a gun, you are alone and you have 1000s of zombies, dogs, ravens, monsters and mutants after you. The third installment of the Resident Evil game series actually takes place before the second game, so you are writing the future, playing as the lead heroine Jill (who survived the first game). You start out on the streets of Raccoon City, which has been ravaged by zombies, and you work your way to the Police Station and back into the city streets, trying to escape the town, all the while being stalked by a huge ugly killer which appears every once in a while to give the player a scare. Unlike the other two games, Jill is armed to the teeth right when you begin the game. She has a handgun, shotgun, magnum and an assault rifle, however unlike the original two games there are not waves of zombies to go through, instead there are only a few zombies, but the city streets are like a maze, so there is lots of ground to cover. There are only a few improvements made from the first two games. In Resident Evil 2, there were only 4 types of zombies, with this game there are dozens of zombies, such as fat zombies, beautiful zombies and so on. There is also a new system where you can make bullets for certain guns, but there is no chance you will ever run out of ammo. Another nice addition is that the player can dodge attacks without the player's help. The graphics and sound are still excellent, but several graphics were taken straight from Resident Evil 2.
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis adds a nice touch to the Resident Evil formula. Not only do you have to deal with oncoming hordes of zombies, but now you have another worry...being chased by a Nemesis that will come after you no matter what you do to try and stop it. The addition of Nemesis made this game one of the most enjoyable, and my favorite of the Resident Evil\'s. The addition to now be able to walk up stairs without pressing a button really did help way back when, though wondering how that was ever not a feature in the games is a bit of a puzzlement. And on the subject of puzzles, the only flaw this game has is the \"water puzzle\" near the end of the game. Only because it is totally random. Meaning you can get lucky and solve it in 20 seconds, or it could take about 30 minutes to beat. But other than that, this is a great game that any Resident Evil fan should have in their collection. NnyCW for CapCity.
Resident Evil 3 (1999). Capcom's third installment of their famous survival horror series.When Capcom unleashed the original Resident Evil on the PSX back in the spring of 1996, they had no idea that it would become one of their most successful franchises to date. In fact, the series is still going strong to this day with new games on the PS2 and Gamecube. So Capcom heeded the fans' calls for a sequel, and released RE2 a couple years later. This game ended up being much greater than the original and won over many more gamers with its intense action and edgy suspense. After RE2 received much success, it wouldn't be long before another sequel would be in the works. Come the fall of 1999, RE3 would make its appearance.The first thing most gamers will notice is that RE3 isn't intended to be a full blown sequel, but rather more of a side mission designed specifically for veterans of the first two games who thought they were two easy and wanted something more challenging. Plus it would buy time for the next real sequel, RE: Code Veronica. It's quite clear that Capcom had this group of fans in mind when designing the third game. There are two difficulty settings, and although RE3 isn't intended for newbees of the series, the easy mode does give you plenty of ammo to survive most of the game without any problems. Hard mode, on the other hand, is VERY tough and it teaches you to conserve ammo and health items until they are absolutely needed. And even though it was always important to save the game in the past, it's STRONGLY RECOMMENDED that you do it here, because it's that tough. The action is certainly more challenging, and it offers a plethora of small improvements over the other games.The game's only real downfall comes from the fact that the story isn't anywhere near as compelling as the other games, as it just takes place in the same time frame as RE2. Well, specifically, the first half of the game starts a day before the events of RE2 and then the second half picks up several days after that game. Basically, the plot consists of Jill Valentine (star of the first game, and thankfully NOT played by the same voice actress!) trying to escape the streets of the T-Virus infested Raccoon City, all the while avoiding getting killed by the Nemesis (a crazed rocket wielding monster who's out to kill STARS members). There's nothing really surprising to the story, although Jill does encounter numerous mercenaries from Umbrella's evacuation fighting squad. Carlos is the only one Jill spends the most time with and he resembles sort of a love interest for her. Capcom doesn't really succeed as much with these two as say the relationship between Ada and Leon or the young girl Sherry's affection towards Claire, both in the previous game. Still, there are multiple paths and different endings to achieve, so plenty of replayability is here. Thankfully, any fallacy of the story is more than made up for by the gameplay.If you're already a fan of the action from the first two RE games, then you'll love RE3 because there are a TON of additions to make the action segments more enjoyable. For instance, you can now dodge enemies attacks and utilize a quick turn so that running around is a lot easier to do. Plus, there are now interactive environmental items that you can fire at to cause damage to enemies. There's nothing more satisfying than being chased by a group of 8 zombies and then suddenly taking them all out by firing a single shot at an explosive. BANG! How cool is that? BTW, zombies can now run after you and chase you up stairs, so watch out! Another cool feature is the ability to create your own type of ammo by collecting and mixing different gunpowders. Even on hard mode, with the right combinations, you can end up with a LOT of heavy firepower.As for the graphics, sound, and music, they are all nearly identical, so read my comments on them in my RE2 review to get the synopsis. Same with the music, although I will comment on the effectiveness of the music when the Nemesis arrives. It's quite scary when you leave the room that the Nemesis inhabits and then slow eerie music starts playing. You know that the Nemesis is nearby and will attack you at any time. This aspect was done very well.There's only one playable character this time, but the game lasts at least 5-6 hours depending on how fast you go. Not to mention that items and monsters are randomly placed each time you play the game. RE3 does improve on the lack of challenging puzzles from the last game by featuring ones that have random outcomes each time. In fact, one puzzle toward the end of the game took nearly an hour to solve! The scare factor isn't quite as high as in RE2, but a new fear element is introduced and revolves almost entirely around the Nemesis when he's chasing you. The first time I played the game, I thought that killing the Nemesis was impossible, but now I know that even on hard mode you can still best him if you use your resources properly. After the game is done, there's still plenty of unlockable goodies to acquire, such as a timed battle mini game, different outfits, and numerous epilogues to explain the story further.Overall, if you've mastered the first two games and hunger for more, then by all means pick up RE3. It's not perfect, but any older fan will find this game worthwhile. However, NEW FANS SHOULD START WITH THE OTHER GAMES FIRST BEFORE TACKLING ON THIS ONE, AS THEY MAY FIND RE3 TO BE FRUSTRATING. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I remember back in 1999 when I received Dino Crisis as a Christmas present. This was my first exposure to a survival horror game. Believe it or not, I actually didn't bother with the Resident Evil series until six years later, in the summer of 2005, which is when I played Resident Evil 2 for the very first time.Now, let's go back to 1999 for a moment. The world of 3D gaming was in full swing at that point in time. 1999 was a year when people were anxiously awaiting what the Playstation 2 would give us, while at the same time, we were appreciating what the original Playstation was offering. The original Playstation, as you may already know, is where the survival horror genre *really* became popular. Resident Evil, Silent Hill, and, the now underrated and unfortunately forgotten, Dino Crisis series.Over time, people haven't treated the Dino Crisis series with *nearly* as much respect as the Resident Evil and Silent Hill series. It probably has something to do with Dino Crisis 3 being a really bad game with horrible camera angles, which meant, after that failed experiment hit the market, people weren't interested in any more Dino Crisis games. But, you know, even before Dino Crisis 3 was released, people didn't respect the Dino Crisis series as much as the other survival horror games. I really have no idea why. Dinosaurs can be *just* as cool as zombies. Believe me. Perhaps it has something to do with the animation? Even though killing dinosaurs is fun and addicting, Capcom made killing zombies slightly more interesting, thanks mainly to better animation from pointing and shooting your guns at a zombies head. It just looks and feels better in Resident Evil.  This in NO WAY should be reason to avoid Dino Crisis. This also doesn't mean Dino Crisis is flawed in the shooting department. Both Resident Evil and Dino Crisis offer tons of enjoyment. TONS of enjoyment. They are just separate beasts.The original Dino Crisis is supposed to be about making the right decisions when it comes to either keeping your ammo and health in one place, or making the decision to bring the ammo and health with you. It's supposed to be about guessing whether or not the ammo or health will eventually be necessary as you progress through the game. However, on easy mode, none of this makes a difference. The game is *so* easy on easy mode, that you can literally get attacked by dinosaurs about five or six times before you even need one of those Med Pack M's (used to bring your health back to 100%). Seeing as how there aren't many dinosaurs in the game overall, you will only need to use one of these health packs maybe two or three times throughout the entire game. Dino Crisis is *that* easy!  This means you will only have to bring one or two Med Packs with you, and leave the rest behind.To be fair, you can't just mindlessly shoot every dinosaur you arrive to, because you aren't given a whole lot of ammo. Certainly not as much ammo is given to you compared to how many health packs are available throughout the journey. Despite that, running out of bullets probably won't ever be a problem.  Just make certain you avoid some of the weaker dinosaurs in the early parts of the game. That way you will have enough bullets for the bigger and deadlier dinosaurs in the later parts of the game (which obviously require more bullets to kill).You are given the ability to mix things together, to create dangerous darts. These darts are used to kill dinosaurs *very* quickly, sometimes in a single shot. The problem here is that, on easy mode, the game is so simple that mixing darts together isn't even important. You don't have to worry about dart-mixing on easy mode *at all*. You can simply shoot or avoid all the dinosaurs you come across on easy mode and not have to worry about dart-mixing EVER. That kind of ruins the whole "survival horror" aspect of the game.  You should have been required to use at least one or two of these darts.People criticize Dino Crisis 2 for being just a mindless shooting game where you have to kill as many dinosaurs as possible to progress to the next area and collect bigger guns, but the honest truth is, the original is a MUCH easier game overall because you can simply run past all the dinosaurs that stand in your way. You can't do that in the second game. You have to stand up to them and shoot. So Dino Crisis 2 is a harder game, in my opinion. Oh sure, you are given an option to up the difficulty (in both Dino Crisis games) but the problem here is that the difficulty goes up SIGNIFICANTLY, making the game nearly impossible.Another problem I have with the game is the amount of cutscenes. You CANNOT skip over them, so you are forced to watch almost every single one of them. Most of them are kind of boring because most of the cutscenes feature the main characters just talking to each other. Sometimes you will see a cool-looking dinosaur attacking something, though. But Capcom *really* should have given you an option to skip over the cutscenes like they did in the sequel, because most of them are flat-out boring. These conversations are supposed to create a spooky mood, but it doesn't work in my opinion.I also have a problem with the INCREDIBLE amount of puzzles you come across. I am not kidding, there's over 25 puzzles in this game. Some of them are just a matter of typing in the correct series of numbers, or the correct words to access the next area. Some of the puzzles are more along the lines of finding the right way to complete them, such as the puzzle where you're pushing these Up, Down, Left and Right buttons to figure out how to sucessfully lift up and put down boxes using a giant crane. These are extremely hard puzzles to figure out by yourself unless you have a walkthrough.  Once you figure them out, the sequence is exactly the same the next time you play the game, though.  They're not random like in Resident Evil 3.The game is also *very* heavy on searching for the correct key cards to gain access to the next part of the game, which can be annoying. Simply put, the game is dominated with puzzles and key cards, which are always required to access the next area.  A bit much, to say the least.Despite the above problems, Dino Crisis is STILL a pretty fun game because the dinosaurs are animated beautifully and the graphics as a whole are really good for 1999 as well. The actual gameplay has some problems mentioned above, but there's also plenty of action to be found. Also, the game is pretty scary and intense, and the dinosaurs are simply wonderful looking and it's interesting the way they can attack you because they attack differently each time. Sometimes they will bite at your arm, other times they will pick you up from off the ground, and more.Oh, and the music and sound effects are amazing.  Perhaps the best music and sound effects in a survival horror game ever. Instead of featuring melodic themes, you are treated to sound effects and musical notes that seem to play randomly, almost making it sound like improvised music, like something from a King Crimson record.  This means, if you listen to the music carefully, you can hear a bunch of unusual and creepy sound effects in the background.  You hear something different each time.  It's awesome, and works great.  It's not a typical soundtrack in any shape or form, even by survival horror standards.  It's so good.Overall, even though Dino Crisis has almost zero replay value, and too much time is spent running around inside a facility doing one puzzle after another (and collecting one key card after another) the game is worth the experience.  It's not a classic, just a nice game.
You can say this is resident evil with dinosaurs but it's a little more than that. Definitely scary. Puzzles are a little complex and tricky. You'll need a pen and paper to figure them out. Cutscenes are awesome. Monsters are quick here. You no longer have the comfort of running away from a slow moving zombie. Certainly challenging. Four stars overall because this game is short, but still worth it.I did play Dino Crises 2 and it was okay. More of a shooter. Wished Capcom stayed with the survival horror element. They had a winner here.
As my first forray into the world of survival horror, I was very curious to see how this game would hold up in this age of Playstation 2s and Halo.  I am pleased to say that this is a pretty fun game that has its strenghts and weaknesses.You play as a secret agent named Regina.  Your mission is to infiltrate Ibis island to find a mysterious scientest named Dr. Kirk.  Upon landing on the island, it quickly becomes obvious that there is something very wrong with the island.  Then it becomes a quest to survive the evil reptillian menace.Many, many people have complained about how dino crisis should be called puzzle crisis.  It is true that there is an unusual amount of puzzles in the game that you must solve to advance.  They range from simple (switch the batteries) to the moderatly difficult (move the crates with a crane) to the quite difficult (Rotate electronic chips to divert power).  There are also a mamoth amount of keys that you must get (Around 50).  There are also DDK locks that you have to dechiper to unlock doors (Hence the title of this review).  Most of these puzzles can be solved moderatly easily, if you really think about it.  Overall, I'd say that the game is a 50/50 mix of puzzles and dinosaur action.As for the fighting part of the game, you get a total of three weapons, (Shotgun, handgun, and grenade gun) to exterminate raptors, pteradons, etc.  Some people might be turned off at the idea of only 3 weapons, but I dont find it a problem.  Combat is handled in the RE control scheme, which works pretty well.  As with a lot of survival horror games, you have to be carefull as to how you make your way through with ammo, which is not unlimited (Except in 1 case).  Fighting the dinosaurs can be difficult, but mastered.  Overall, I'd give the combat a BThere are some things to really like about Dino Crisis.  At certian points during the game, you have to make decisions aka "Choose your own adventure" style (Do you investigate the underground area, or go save a comrade?).  This adds a nice touch of replay value.  The graphics are pretty good (By PS1 standards).  The best part of the game however, is the T-rex.  The T-rex provides the most exciting elements in the game, and each encounter is a adrenaline charged rush.  Likewise, the 4 possible different endings are all very exciting and cool to play through, although there are a few things I am curious about.  For example, (Spoiler!!!) how can a T-rex swim 30 miles an hour in water?  That dosent make much sense. (End Spoiler)The weak points of the game are mostly the puzzles.  There are a bit too many of them, and not enough dino battles.  Also, the devlopers throw puzzles at you when you least suspect it, and when you dont want them.  While racing to a heliport for example, a big race against time with tense dramatic music, the game tosses a box pushing puzzle that you have to solve to advance.  Another time, you have to solve 2 big puzzles in the span of 10 minnutes, where you have to power an elevator, then move cranes when they are only 3 minnutes apart.  Also, the unlockable mini-game you earn if you beat the game in under 5 hours, is dissapointing (At least to me).  The element of strategy is unwelcome, I just want to blast dinosaurs, and not worry about ammo, and Why isint the T-rex included?overall, I think that Dino Crisis is a fun game, and a good start to the world of Survival horror.  I recomend picking it up if you find it for uner $$$ .The good:good graphicsgood dino actiongood storyChoose your own adventure style branchesThe T-rex4 cool endingsThe not so good:a bit too many puzzlessome really difficult puzzlesnot enough dino actionmediocre mini game (See above)
While some reviews hail this as a Resident Evil with Dinosaurs it's much more than that. The characters were great,and the story line is awesome. The only complaints I had for this game were the camera angles, some were very infuriating! The game play is solid, and this game is an instant classic. I would recommend picking this game up at the cheap price it is being sold for before it's too late! Fast shipper as well, and prompt service!
Having played a rather large number of survival horror titles in my time, I uncovered this title at the local flea market for 3 bucks. Having missed it back on the ps1 days (I was too busy with Silent Hill and Resident Evil I guess...) and being a die hard fan of Survival Horror, I picked it up. First and for most, many people have claimed this to be Rresident Evil with dinosaurs. Don't get me wrong, the similarities are hard to miss, but this really is something unique. Enimies are fast... the slow moving zombie has been replaced with the screeching, agile, adreniline fueled velociraptor... Which makes this game pretty difficult. No, think about it. RE controlls... only with zombies that move faster than you. Get the picture? While this does ramp the difficulty significantly, it isn't too over bearing (You just have to learn that blasting dinos isn't a good idea and running away is). Despite the more frentic combat, the game still moves at a sluggish pace that survival horror players have either come to love or hate. This is due in large part to a vast number of puzzles (which make little sense, as usual... colored key cards, statues, crate moving, etc.)and back tracking, in true RE fashion. However, this game offers some really chilling atmosphere, and despite the slow moving speed, it really does feel faster and more frentic than it's compitition, just because dinos are everywhere, you are always running and usually have an extremely low ammount of ammo at all times. Because nearly every area has key items, you have to explore. Because these same areas feature dinos, you have to use ammo to kill them. Because dinos are so fast and hard to kill you are always taking damage. You use healing items to cure wounds, so there for, unlike Resident Evil, it is pretty damn hard to hoard ammo and healers... all this results from fast moving enemies, and because you almost always just barely escape every situation by the seat of your pants, this gives dino crisis an exciting edge that most other horror games still haven't perfected. Add to this, "choose your own adventure" style twists in the plot where you call the shots as to which direction the story goes, the ability to combine items to create more powerful weapons, new types of ammo, and more potent healing items, and some pretty nifty graphics (they really aren't that bad, considering this game is almost 5 years old)and you have a winning title. As for the not-so-juicy parts, well... there are only about 4 types of enemies. And if you ever saw Jurassic Park or opened up a childrens Dinosaur book, you already know what they look like and how they will act. I'm not complaining, because each dino still scares the crap out of you when it pops out of a vent shaft or chases you down a corridor at high speed... but they lack that what-the-hell-is-it? factor of the mutants seen in RE and Silent Hill... Before you ever encounter them, you already know exactly what the enemies will look like, and how they will try and kill you. It just isn't as disturbing as the freekish encounters experienced in most other games of the genre. More so, the weapon selection is a little limited (3 weapons: Pistol, Shotgun, Grenade Gun), which offer a nice balance of speed, ammo availability and power... but it still leaves something to be desired, as pistol ammo is far too week to be useful (7 to 10 hits for a kill on a fast moving enemy... yeah right) and shotgun ammo is far to scarce to be wasted on anything but important circumstances (obviously grenades are saved exclusively for bosses if you actually want to beat the game). A good middle ground weapon would have been nice, just to lower frustration and make combat more stream-lined. In short, if you never liked Survival Horror, this isn't going to turn you into a fan. But if you like the corridor romping, the solving of mundane puzzles that pop out of no where and a few heart pounding marrathon runs while being chased by savage lizards, this is a game you should check out. Dated by today's standerds, but still decient enough to replay to see the 4 different endings. I give it a solid 85 out of 100.
Around 1999 this game hit shelves on the coat tails of the success of the famed Resident Evil series. It even comes with a demo for Resident Evil 3 Nemesis! That said, this is not Resident Evil. It has similar controls and a story a little too silly to understand, but that is it.The game is dependant on your ability to craft darts or find bullets to kill the enemys of the game. You will never have enough ammo to march through the compound and kill every enemy. You will need to run, close doors, operate lazer gates, and ect to get through this game.There are puzzles as well, none that I can immediately remember except for the puzzle where you move cargo holds to make a path.The enemies are excellent. This game has dinosaurs that look and feel like Jurrasic Park dinosaurs. The raptors are vicious and terrifying, the pterradactyles are a situational enemy but they are a thrilling challenge, the dome-headed dinosaurs show up and kick your can, and the Tyrannosaurus Rex is simply great. The enemys are so well used in the game that they are completely plausable. They take a great deal of damage and are fast and strong enough to rip you apart.I give this game praise for going away from the zombie threat and replacing them with something exceedingly more violent and threatening. I love zombie games more than the next guy, but this was just good. The story was B-Movie, just like in Resident Evil, and the enemys were terrifying and threatening. The enviroments were dynamic and look really good on PS1. Very little did not work in the game, and if ther was something then I cannot remember it.
This is a very good gaming system. It was released by in September of 1999. I think that Sega made their point out when they installed the 56K modem with this. It's a really nice feature to have and now every modern-day system comes with a ethernet or dial-up modem port. I didn't rate this a perfect because I think that the graphics aren't that good. I really don't like how the controllers are. But I think that atleast they have disks because since NES-N64 Nintendo has been using cartridges and Sega made cartridges in the beginning but they changed to disks before the Nintendo (and atleast their disks are normal). They have some good games like Sonic which are really good games to own. Here are the technical specs of the Dreamcast.CPU: 128-bit Hitachi SH-4 RISC processor (200MHz 360 MIPS)Graphics: NEC CLX2 processorRAM: 16MB, 8MB Video RAM, 2MB Sound RAMColors: 16.7 millionPolygons: 3 million per secondGame Media: 1.2GB GD-ROM, 12x access speedResolution: 640x480 pixelsSound: Yamaha 64 channelOperating System: Custom Windows CE with DirectX supportModem: 56Kbps (US/JP NTSC), 33.3Kbps (PAL)It's a really good system but I don't think you should buy it now because it's WAY to old!
Just bought a Dreamcast about 3 months ago. Never owned one before, however a friend of mine had one back in the day when it was still somewhat popular 11 years ago. I wasn't really into video games at that time, but I loved playing Soul Calibur with him.Fast forward 10 years later, and I've picked up video games as my new hobby. After getting a Wii, a 360, a PS3 and a PS2, the collector and retro-gaming fan in me wanted to add a Dreamcast to my video game stock. The Dreamcast is a great piece of video game history and still offers great gaming to enthusiasts like me, yet the high price tag of yesterday's technology will no doubt discourage mainstream interest.You should not expect to pay much for a used Dreamcast. They usually fetch around $30 - $60 along with a few games on Amazon or eBay. The new ones (or the ones being sold as "new") are quite a bit pricier. New controllers and VMUs are going for less than $10. Many of the games are still affordable, but rarer ones such as PowerStone 1 & 2 still command high prices. To contrast; When I got my PS2, I was able to get a lot of the games for $5 - $20 each. But quality Dreamcast games that are still in good condition are costing me $10 - $40. I also invested in a VGA adapter to get the best picture (which is well worth its price) as well as some PS2 & Saturn -> Dreamcast controller adapters (great for all those fighting games). All-in-all, for a great Dreamcast experience and to get the collection going with some great games, you will certainly be paying more than what you would for a comparable PS2 collection.The system itself is definitely good quality and sturdy, but very noisy. The larger-than-life controller isn't that bad and is actually great for games such as Sonic Adventure and Crazy Taxi (and other driving games too), but for fighters such as SFIII, Project Justice, and KOF, I prefer the Saturn controller via adapter. The cool thing about the DC controller are the triggers ala Xbox which go great with shooting games and the for gradual speed increase/decrease in driving games. The things I don't like about it; the thumbstick is obnoxiously rounded and made from hard plastic and the d-pad is certainly a step down from the Saturn's controller.The Dreamcast has a reletively small gaming library compared to other systems due to its short life-span, but you can double that if you get the converter software to play Japanese games (you may also need to learn a bit of Japanese for a lot of those non US-released imports). Either way, there are plenty of gems that make the Dreamcast well worth getting. I'm still in the process of building up my library and playing through the games, but here are my recommendations thus far...*Soul Calibur- simply a masterpiece, this game wowed gamers in 1999 and still looks and plays quite well by modern standards. It's also available on XBLA, but that version is missing the mission/ challenge mode.*Sonic Adventure 1 & 2- These were re-released with extra content on the GC, but for me the gameplay feels smoother on the Dreamcast.*Crazy Taxi 1 & 2- Great light-hearted arcade fun. The first one was re-released on PS2 & GC unaltered. Also released on XBLA in widescreen, but soundtrack was completely changed.*SFIII Double Impact & Third Strike- The gameplay is simply addictive despite the retro graphics. The backgrounds are static, but the sprites are fluidly animated. Third Strike was re-released on PS2 and Xbox, but Double Impact, which contains alternate backgrounds and cut-scenes from the first two SFIII incarnations, has yet to be re-released on any console.*Power Stone 1 & 2- Chaotic, goofy, and just plain fun and addicting. The fun factor is multiplied if you play multiplayer with your buddies as opposed to single player. Re-released on the PSP.*Marvel Vs Capcom 1 & 2- These have a completely different art style from MVC3. MVC1 is 2-on-2 with a 3rd character as assist only, while MVC2 is 3-on-3 and triple the primary characters' selection and 3D backgrounds. MVC2 was re-released on XBLA and PSN while a inferior version of MVC1 was released on the PSX.*Capcom vs SNK 1 & 2- Nearly identical gameplay, but #2 has more characters and 3D backgrounds. #1 was also released on PSX and #2 was re-released on PS2 and GC.*Dead or Alive 2- Another DC game that dropped jaws in the early days of the 6th gen systems. DOA2 Ultimate was released on the Xbox with improved graphics and gameplay, but the Dreamcast version is still a great collector's piece.*King of Fighters Evolution/ Dream Match '99- Updated graphics (for 1999, at least), and a couple of new characters. Choose a team of four, and one acts as an assist-type "striker" in Evolution. Nice 3D backgrounds in both games.*Dynamite Cop- If you're into retro fighting games, you're gonna love this one. Blending humor with traditional side-scrolling action-packed antics, this game is short but sweet.*Project Justice- This one is quite pricey (goes for the same as a new release), so only get it if you're a die-hard fighting game fan like me.*Fighting Vipers 2 (import)- This one was only released in Japan, so you will need a converter disc. The gameplay is essentially identical to the original Fighting Vipers game on the Saturn. A simplistic and shallow, yet enjoyable, fighter.So if you are a collector wanting to get yourself a piece of video game history, be ready to drop some serious money on Dreamcast games in good or new condition. The system itself is cheap enough to get yourself two (if you buy them used) and the controllers and VMUs are a dime a dozen. If you will only be satisfied with a brand new Dreamcast; caveat emptor, as there have been many reports of sellers refurbishing used Dreamcasts, repackaging and reselling them on eBay and Amazon as new.
The following is the review of the SYSTEM, not the games that can be played on it. First off, at first I thought that the controller would be pretty clunky due to its size. But in actuality, it is fairly light and fits nicely in one's hand. Bigger-handed people might have a problem, though. What I REALLY like about the controller is that ALL buttons are accessible without having to remove your hand from ANYTHING. Unlike that stupid N64 system that has buttons in the most unreachable places in the heat of battle. I didn't see the point behind the little video-game screen on the controller, though. To me, it just weighs it down more and--let's face it--why bother playing pixally games when you can play your Dreamcast? One thing that I like about Playstation is that the memory cards are inserted into the system, not the controller. Wise move. But unfortunately, Sega didn't have the foresight to do that. As for the system, it is slightly smaller than a Sony Playstation. Graphics run really well on this system and I'm surprised at what it can do. There is one thing that I have to say about the 4 Megs of Video RAM on Playstation /PS2 versus the 8 Megs of Video RAM on Dreamcast. When I watch a Final Fantasy FMV on Playstation, I know that they are pushing that system TO THE ABSOLUTE LIMIT. If Dreamcast has TWICE the Video RAM, then I expect to see something TWICE as impressive, something that is so graphically intense that it threatens to overheat the system. But sadly, I haven't seen any Dreamcast game do that. In fact, some of these games look like the regular Playstation could handle them. Overall, this is a nicely designed system, but now that Sega is putting an end to its Dreamcast games, it's not worth buying. I'd buy a Playstation 2--Metal Gear 2 is around the corner (and FF X) or maybe a Nintendo Dolphin.
The Dreamcast, when it came out, was the best system available. Even today, it can still hold its own against most consoles. The problem that doomed the Dreamcast was timing.Usually, and we see it even today, consoles come out in groups - SNES/Genesis, PlayStation/N64, the PS2/Gamecube/XBox, PS3/Wii/XBox 360. The Dreamcast came between the PS1/N64 wave and the PS2/GC/XBox wave. Casual gamers had just shelled out money for the previous generation, and the more savvy ones were saving up for the next. Developers held off making Dreamcast games, so when the next generation did come out the Dreamcast had a lack of titles and less-advanced tech, dooming it.That said, the Dreamcast is a good console. The controllers look weird but actually sit well in the hands, and I like that the DC has four ports off the shelf. The console is also fairly compact. Plus, for its lack of titles, it had some really good ones: the original Soul Calibur, Shenmue, Skies of Arcadia and Grandia II come to mind.
Sega's detractors still ask  "why own a Dreamcast?They also state they're a waste of money because they failed the 128 bit system wars." I respond by saying they are pretty inexpensive if you can find them used. I recently rebought a Sega Dreamcast, 4 controllers, 5 games and it only cost me 50$. I think that's a great deal.The Dreamcast's graphics still impress even today. Not to mention that the Dreamcast's best games are also in my opinion some of the best of all time. The Dreamcast's library consists of adventure games like Sonic Adventure and Sonic Adventure 2 plus fighting games like Soul Calibur and Virtua Fighter 4.If you get tired of playing games for a while the Dreamcast will also play audio cds and features an internet connection.  So even though the Dreamcast didn't survive the battle of the other 128 bit systems that came after it they set the bar for them and are still worth owning in my opinion.
The Dreamcast is the next generation of gaming machine from Sega, most well known for its Sonic the Hedgehog games. With Dreamcast, Sega moves beyond Sonic into a heavily graphic and net-savvy arcade machine.Probably the biggest difference between the Dreamcast and its competitors is the built in 56k modem. This allows Dreamcast owners to log on to the net, surf the web, and fight other opponents head to head. This opens up a HUGE opportunity for finding playmates that until now was restricted to computer gamers. The web surfing ability only sweetens the deal, although like WebTV, there is no ability to download.It's not for free - ... - but for a household that is currently not on the Internet, the price gets both the web access and unlimited gameplay. You also need to buy a keyboard if you wish to do any web work.Like the Sony Playstation, the Dreamcast will play audio CDs. Unlike the Playstation 2, it will not play DVDs, however. Also, while the Playstation 2 can play all Playstation games (since both are CD based) the Sega Dreamcast cannot play older Sega games.Popular Sega games tend to be arcade or fighting games - Rayman 2, Street Fighter Alpha 3. The incredibly high polygon draw rate (three million polygons per second) means that these games fly, giving great gameplay.Even though this is equipped with a 12x CD player, it's still slower than a cartridge system like the N64. On the up-side, CDs are cheaper than cartridges, and can hold a lot more information on them, leading to more involved games.I'm personally not a huge Dreamcast fan - the types of games available on it aren't ones that tend to appeal to me - but my arcade and fighting loving friends enjoy it a great deal.Specifications: CPU: 128-bit RISC Clock Speed: 200 MHz  Sound: CD quality, 64 voices Connector: standard 3-plug video/audio connector 1600 x 1200 resolution
How do you know if the Dreamcast is the system for you? Forget about graphics, think about the games!  If you love arcade style games, this is the system for you.  Some of the best ports include Soul Calibur, Gauntlet Legends, Street Fighter 3: 3rd Strike, Marvel Vs. Capcom, Daytona USA: Network Edition, Mortal Kombat Gold, House Of The Dead 2, and the list goes on.  If you prefer role playing games and more adventure oriented titles (even though Dreamcast does have a few good ones), you may want to get Playstation 2 as it offers more variety in that catagory.  The only bad feature about the Dreamcast is the controllers...they break down often, especially if you constantly play Capcom's 2D fighters. Plus, I think it was a bad idea to make the VMU slots on the controllers rather than on the system itself, it just seems awkward.  As for the durability issue, I can't really speak for that yet.  What I can tell you is that I have had mine for well over a year now, it has endured extensive play, and has yet to display any noticable overheating/overuse problems.  I haven't heard of any problems with the Dreamcast breaking down as of yet...but be careful.  Give the vents on the right side of the Dreamcast plently of room to blow the hot air out.  If you want to get a Dreamcast, hurry up, it probably won't be around much longer thanks to the Playstation 2.  Fortunately, the Dreamcast has already established a solid library of games.  Get it now while you are still able to find games and accessories easily.
I read a lot of reviews on this game before buying it, so maybe my expectations were a little high.  The graphics here are really not that different in quality from X-Men MA2 (actually, the backgrounds in X-Men are more dynamic).  The fighting is good here though, and the characters really do have distinct fighting styles that give you quite the challenge in Arcade mode. They also tend to defend themselves more here, so your every kick or punch won't connect like you want it to.  If you're buying for a good fighting game, then you shouldn't be disappointed...but if you're buying expecting graphics that are unlike anything you've ever seen before, you may be.
Tekken 3 is awesome! New characters, new moves, new combos and some favorites as well. Along with some great extra features aside from the tournament like Force Mode, Survival and Volleyball?! Tekken 3 delivers!This is a really good game for all gamers and it hits the essence that is 3-D fighting games. Plus new characters and new fighting styles are also pretty cool. The drawback is that the old &quot;button mashing&quot; is still a viable means of winning the fights and for a lot of the characters, some of thier combos that's all you have to do (best example: Eddy Gordo). For those of you advanced gamers, try the new and improved King, Jin and Law.Definately check out TEKKEN 3. This one is definitely worth it for the PSone. If you're looking for other great fighting games on the PSone, check out the STREET FIGHTER ALPHA series, SOUL BLADE and DEAD OR ALIVE 2.
Sonic AdventureWhen the Dreamcast first came out, this was one of the games you had to have. Sonic, being the cornerstone of Sega, was expected to be Sega'sSuper Mario 64. Although it failed to meet that expectation, they did create a fairly fun game. I still think if you own a Dreamcast that this needs to be in your collection. If you don't own a Dreamcast, there is no reason to find one just for this game.Graphics- 7/10At the time these were really good graphics. They couldn't stand up toSoul Calibur, but it was still solid. Many problems lie within the graphics though. The level design is poor. The Adventure Zones are small and yet have a loading screen every time you walk through a door. Action Zones are sometimes better, like in Twinkle Park, but not usually. The camera has all kinds of problems. You will become annoyed very quickly if you find yourself in a small room and the camera is caught. The graphics are smooth and have some good details, but overall the level design is just ugly.Story- 8.5/10This is probably the best aspect of the game. In this game you don't just play as Sonic, you can play as five other characters: Tails, Amy, Knuckles, E-102, and Big. You can't just pick whoever you want, you have to start as Sonic and earn other characters. One you earn another character, you can go play through their stories. You earn other characters by meeting them in the game. So, the stories sort of intertwine. You never wonder what other characters were doing because you can play as them all and figure out. Other than that, the story is you basic Sonic story. Dr. Robotnik is causes havoc and you have to stop him. It's just interesting because it shows how the story affects all the characters in the game.Sound- 6/10Your basic Sonic sounds. You have some decent music here and there, and that stupid jump noise. A lot of music is reused over and over again. The sound in this game is just above average and has nothing special about it.Gameplay- 6.5/10Although they added in the ability to play as different characters, this is still a very bad gameplay wise game. As Sonic, you go through the longest portions of the game. Sonic's story is probably one of the most interesting and well worth your time. Tails consists of you racing Sonic to try to prove that you are just as good as him. This is fairly fun, but you are practically just replaying a portion of Sonic's game. As Amy you will be protecting a bird. You have a hammer as a weapon, which is at least a little interesting. As Big you have to fish to find your friend, Froggy. This is a change in pace, but it is poorly done and very annoying trying to catch that stupid frog. Knuckles can glide and climb on things. As Knuckles you are looking for pieces of crystals. This is fun, but far too easy. As E-102 you are working for Robotnik for most of the game, but you also get to play the aftermath. He has probably the easiest game in the entire game as he uses a gun.Difficulty- 2/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)The game is either extremely easy, or it is annoying like Big's is. The game can be flown through. The only thing that keeps the length up is the multiple characters. Even with all the characters, this game can easily be beat within 2 days. I know the game is based for a younger audience, but it could offer a little challenge. The only hard part in the entire game is the final 7th character you unlock.Overall- 6.5/10This game is a fun game worth playing; it just fails at being a truly entertaining experience. If you own a Dreamcast, I suggest you buy this game. If you don't own a Dreamcast, forget you even read this review and go buy something awesome.
This is a Sonic game in 3D, that about sums it up. Everything you would expect from a traditional Sonic game is here.  Fast paced gameplay, great graphics, a memorable soundtrack, all of the holes to fall in and glitches also. If you go too fast, you will often find yourself getting stuck in a wall or falling through the scenery. The camera also seems to have a hard time keeping up with the action. The stages of the game are standard Sonic, including an ice level, a casino level, a green hill-type level, ect.  Though many of the features in Sonic Adventure are just revisions of older ideas, there are also some new additions that keep the game fresh. Plenty of mini-games and multiple characters give the game replay value. Despite the minor drawbacks, Sonic Adventure is one game for the Dreamcast that should not be missed.
Sonic Adventure is an instant Dreamcast classic that shouldn't be missed by any Dreamcast owner.  The game features Sonic in full 3d with newly detailed level enviroment.  This was one of the first games to launch with the Dreamcast and is still one of my favorite Dreamcast game.  The game features a brand new system called the "Chao system" you basicly take care of them and show them new moves it's very simple but you'll need to have a VMU card to do it.  The game features more then 5 playable characters.  The story in the game is very lame if you ask me they could have done better, not to mention the english dubbing is terrible so just stick to japanes language and english subtitles.I'll make this short and sweet for you.  Sonic Adventure is the best sonic game ever and has great levels, awesome 3d levels and lots of things to do but personally I wanted to beat the storyline instead of that whole chaos thing.  I'm going to make this review short and sweet...Good-Great Level desighn-awesome 3d graphics of Sonic for the Dreamcast-Lots of playable characters which is really great-the new Chaos growing process, but I really didn't do it I just play the storyline..-Superb fast pace actionBad-horrindess english dubbing-the cutscenes look horrible even the ingameplay is better then the cutscenes-Some really bad camera angles ruin the fast pace of this game-I kind of wished it was a SONIC ONLY adventure...but ohwellThe ugly-Robotnick..ehehhehOverall Sonic Adventure for the Dreamcast is an instant classic packed with full 3d enviroment and Full 3d character model and fast paced action with some really great music.  Some things like camera angles ruin this game and some really bad english dubbing makes it even worse!  But overall this game doesn't dissapoint Sonic fans and that is why I'm giving it a4.2 out 5.This is still in my opinion the best Sonic Game ever but it was ruined by some flaws...Great game overall though..Lates
When it came out, this game was HUGELY anticipated. After all, the Sonic the Hedgehog series is one of the most popular in videogame history. Was it worth the wait? Was it worth the hype? Is it worth picking up even now?The transition from 2D to 3D has been much discussed in the past, and you can see why. What works great in 2D doesn't always translate so well into the 3D world. And when a series makes this sometimes awkward transition there are usually a few hiccups.Sonic Adventure attempts to use level design that gives you the speed of the original games, while also featuring puzzle solving and rpg/adventure elements (talk to people, play mini-games, open doors, ect.). By featuring several different characters for you to play as, the game allows you to play a balanced game (sonic), blast through stages with nothing slowing you down (tails), run away like a chicken (amy), shoot everythign in sight (the robot), go on a treasure hunt (knuckles), or spend all your time fishing(?) (big the cat). Each of these elements is entertaining in its own right, but where the game really shines is the action scenes as sonic and tails. The adventure portion of this game suffers from the same flaw as many rpgs (namely, you can't find the stupid key to open the door). So the first time through you may hit a few snags. And the some of the more adventure/platformer elements can get VERY frustrating (I hate the platforming section of the snow level and the skydeck level in particular). And of course, the collision detection, polygon clipping, and camera problems are pretty darn buggy.Still, you've got to love this game. The graphics are great, some of the levels (the first level, windy valley, and speed highway especially) are just plain awesome. Everyone should at the very least play this game, and true videogames fans should own it. It has flaws that can't be ignored, but there are enough moments of greatness (how about the part in the temple where you see the stone carving of chaos destroying the world?!) to more than make up for it. Definitely check it out.
Sonic Adventure took Sonic to an amazing level, and it only took 5 years of Sega Saturn failures. The first thing Sonic does is fight a monster called "Chaos". After beating Chaos, the camera turns to Eggman, who ominously tells himself Sonic has no idea what he is up against... the perfect start to the game. Sonic then goes off to rescue Tails from a plane crash, starting the first level. Emerald Coast was a beautifully rendered beach with a beautiful theme and HUGE 3D ACTION! The camera shifts and Sonic is suddenly is being chased by a giant whale! After that he runs through a tight cave... and then finally rescues Tails! After a happy reunion, Eggman steals Tail's Chaos Emerald and feeds it to... Chaos the monster. Congratulations, you can now play as Tails! He can fly! His levels involve racing Sonic and Eggman (Just like in Sonic R!), and thats about it. The best thing about Tails was his inspirational motto, "I want to fly high! I shall belive in myself!". After Tails was Knuckles, who had a totally different story. One night he was rethinking his life and why exactly he was guarding the Master Emerald, when somebody steals the Master Emerald (way to go, Knucklehead)! His levels are composed of finding the Master Emerald pieces. Knuckles wasn't nearly as good as Tails. After Knuckles comes Amy Rose, Sonic's... girlfriend. Her levels focused on platforming while avoiding a robot that decided to chase her. Maybe a 6 year old girl would find Amy and her obnoxious theme song cool, but the teenage nerd reviewing this finds Amy very annoying. Big was next... and Sega really should avoided this idea while in development. Big is a BIG "cat", according to the Sonic Team. He really looked like a purple bunny-bear creature. His whole goal was to find his pet frog... Froggy (what a clever name!). It was torture watching him trudge to some water in the great zones Sonic and Tails enjoyed. Twinkle Park was only a lake for Big. For Sonic it was a bumper car ride followed by intense platforming, and the great voices Sonic, Tails, Amy, E-102 Gamma, and Eggman made Big even worse. In a dumb voice Big constantly shouts "FROGGY! WHERE ARE YA!?".Thankfully, E102 Gamma came after Big. Gamma is a robot built by Eggman. You start out following Eggman's orders: Shoot the Sonic Doll, shoot the real Sonic, lock Amy in jail. After that, Gamma accidently sees Eggman torturing his robot rival, Beta, and starts to wonder if he should follow Eggman's rules. Like every good robot character, Gamma decides to betray Eggman and find his true destiny...*SPOILER!*Which, sadly, is exploding while sad music plays.*SPOILER OVER*Update (10/19/12): Okay, I am almost through with this game and feel like throwing up. The end is VERY intense, with the Final Egg level almost being impossible due to collision issues and camera bugs, but I got through it. Chaos actually succeeds and completely destroys the city (which is only made worse by the Dreamcast / Gamecube's jaw-dropping graphics), and the song that plays (Open Your Heart) really makes me sick. Awesome.
I am normally not a real big fan of "sim" type games, so I waited a while to buy this one.  I didn't like it all that much at first, but after picking it up I really got to like it.  This game is very precise and fairly realistic, which makes it hard to learn, but also a lot of fun to play once you have.The animation and sound in this game are spectacular.  You build all sorts of amusement park attractions for your guests, and then you watch them walk around your park like little ants.  All of the sounds of a theme park are there.  The clickety-clack of the roller coaster chains, the screams of the riders as the coaster plunges down the hill, and the laughs of the children and yes.  The programmers even included the cheesy music that they play for the bumper cars.Anything that moves can be clicked on and examined.  The level of precision and the amount of choices that you have in this game are fantastic, and sometimes overwhelming.  The game consists of twenty-some scenarios that gradually get harder.  Each time that you finish one, you get a new challenge, which keeps the game from getting too easy as you become more proficient.The roller coasters have realistic physics.  This is both good and bad.  The good part -- if you are a roller coaster enthusiast, then you will love being able to design a working coaster.  You control everything, from the height of the first drop to the colors of the trains.  The bad part - designing even a mediocre coaster can get very tedious and expensive.  One big coaster will chew up all of your cash, and if you are playing a short scenario, you probably won't be able to build another one.  In addition, coasters take up a lot of space, and because of this, your park usually runs out of it.  I have played almost all of the scenarios, and I have never really gotten to build the "ultimate" mega-coaster.The one aspect of this game that I found to be annoying was the tendency of kids to get sick from your rides.  This aspect of the game was BADLY overdone (maybe the writers thought it was supposed to be cute).  Even if they don't get sick, a lot of them will be afraid to ride it.  The park customers are total wimps.  You can build a 120-foot tall standup roller coaster with 3 inversions and nobody will ride it, because it is too "intense" (whatever that means).  The roller-coaster physics might be realistic, but the customer behavior definitely is not.  This is one of a few examples of questionable AI in this game.  Still, as a roller-coaster enthusiast, I thoroughly enjoyed this game.
This game is great.  It has the same basis as Sim City only you control all aspects of an amusement park.  You are given objectives for each level that you must complete in order to unlock more levels.  Once you have completed all the levels, you gain the right to build your own amusement park with no restrictions.  The best part of this game is the fact that you build the rides individually.  You can create your version of the best roller coaster ever, and see if the guests like it as much as you do.  This game does get repetitive after a while though, as every Sim City type game does.
When this came out everyone went crazy because it was new and the games were on discs. Which is much eaiser and handier to keep clean and take places. Most people had a N64 before this and even at the same time, so they were used to the cartridges which were big and bulky and somewhat annoying. It has two memory card slots and two controller slots, and it can play compact dics so you can listen to music when your bored on your tv with your own cds. Most games on this console had good graphics back then so people thought it was amazing. They became highly addicting and very fun to play. This became the most popular system in the USA and almost everyone had one back then. Many games get scratched and broken as time goes on since they are old but try to keep them in their own cases they came in so they will play better and much longer with out the annoying freezing and skipping of the game. I am saying this because many games will not play or work anymore because of the lost case so they were just thrown around in the closet untill i finally put them in a computer case way back when....now i am more protective of the games because it is very dissapointing to find that your favorite game will not work anymore and you have to go through the trouble to buy them online because stores do not keep or sell them anymore. This is a very good console that i would purchace if you do not have a ps2 or just to have this original masterpiece to bring back memories!!!
I just played Diablo for the first time (Aug. 2004).  I wish I had played it much earlier before playing great games like Morrowind and the Baldur's Gate series.  Then I would be able to appreciate it as the classic that many have claimed it to be.  Anyhow, I found this game very entertaining from start to finish.  It was easy to learn to play, suspenseful, and I didn't notice any bugs (which is a real surprise for games nowadays).I liked a lot of things about this game.  First, it has a great soundtrack, especially once you're in the dungeon.  The voice acting is pretty good and the other sound effects help build atmosphere.  For an eight-year-old game, I think the graphics look pretty good.  There are a lot of really creepy areas and monsters in the game, and they are animated well.  The map overlay was a good idea, since it allows you to play while seeing exactly where you are on the map.Regarding gameplay, most of the time you'll be clicking the mouse to move, attack, pick up things, and open menus.  There is really nothing difficult to learn.  I personally was not bothered by all of the clicking as long as the fights were challenging.  During the first few levels, my figher had no problems even when faced by a mob of enemies.  However, by the 7 or 8 level, I had to fight more strategically since the monsters had become much more difficult to beat.  By the 12th level, you'll have to draw enemies away from their groups and fight them one at a time.  The end fight was appropriately difficult, but not as insanely challenging as the final fights in Baldur's Gate 2.  One really great thing about this game is that each time you start a new game the dungeon levels are redrawn and new monsters, treasure, traps, and other things are generated.  I really can't see playing this game again since there are so many better games out there right now.  However, I like this formula which allows for a tremendous degree of replayability.There were a few things I didn't care for, but they are all together minor.  First, this is not primarily a role-playing game, so it is unfair to criticize it for not being more like Baldur's Gate and other RPGs.  Diablo is mainly an arcade-style action adventure with some limited role-playing possibilities.  You can only choose between 3 classes (fighter, sorceror, or rogue); your stats are preset, although you can control how points are allocated between abilities during the game; and NPC interaction is very limited and more or less restricted to trading and quest-giving.  Also, the town itself is small and static, and your character cannot carry much in his/her inventory (which will ensure many visits to town for supplies).  However, in the dungeon itself, you do get the sense that you are surrounded by evil, and there is a good amount of suspense as you get closer to the end.I am glad that I finally got around to playing this and will definitely be playing Diablo 2 (plus LoD) next.  For anyone who hasn't played Diablo yet, it's definitely worth a look. However, don't expect it to rival games like Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights in complexity, options, gameplay, or anything else.  Again, it's good old hack-and-slay arcade action with a pinch of role-playing thrown in.
A true classic of the rpg genre.Great gameplay, immersive and rich storyline, fun multiplayer experience. Highly recommended!Blizzard's Diablo started it all.
I heard that this game had garnered a good reputation, but until now it had never piqued my interest. There are so many games in the real-time strategy genre - you have classics like Age of Empires 2 and Command &amp;  Conquer, or total stinkers like Tiberian Sun.It's important to remember  that Starcraft was created at least two years before Age of Empires 2. It's  obvious that AOE2 borrowed some good ideas from Starcraft. The main one  being those of unit limits. In Starcraft you have a 200 unit limit, so it's  still possible to build a huge army. But you also have to balance that  against the number of units you use to gather resources.Another unique  feature of Starcraft is the totally different sides. It absolutely amazes  me that a single game can have such diverse armies and yet still manage to  be so well balanced. There isn't a single unit in the game that can't be  neutralised by another unit - which is no mean feat, considering how  powerful they are.The most interesting aspect to these units are their  special abilities. Certain units in each race have special attacks they can  use to neutralise or destroy an opponent. For instance, the Terran Ghost  soldier can fire an EMP blast that can knock out mechanical units. Zerg  queens can fire parasites, which attach themselves to enemies, allowing you  to see whatever that unit sees. The Protoss have the Templar, a unit that  uses a chain lightning `psionic storm' to eliminate whole squadrons of  units.There are certain features which I wish had been implemented. It's  not possible to control the behaviour of your units (ie. setting them to  guard or defensive mode, etc...). This makes it entirely possible for your  entire massed army to chase after a single unit, when really you want them  to stay in one place. Fortunately, a `hold' command is provided, but I  still would've preferred to give my units more advanced commands.The  other annoying aspect is map size. It's blindingly obvious that the maps  are too small when compared to the size of the units. Try leading a group  through a narrow canyon - because there is so little room individual units  will often take a different path to get to a destination.Starcraft's  other strength is in it's storyline. I have never seen such powerfully  realized characters like this in a computer game. In truth, there are no  real good guys or bad guys in this game. Everybody has their own  motivations for their actions. The sequential compaign design only  strengthens this aspect. It's unfortunate that Tiberian Sun's Michael Biehn  and James Earl Jones didn't have a script like this to play with.In  conclusion, Starcraft is everything that Command &amp; Conquer: Tiberian  Sun wasn't. It has the best designed units of any strategy game. It has a  strong storyline which is beautifully realised in the single-player  missions. And the addition of StarEdit means you can create your own  missions once you tire of the Blizzard approved ones. No wonder why this  game has stood the test of time. However, the omission of advanced unit  controls mean I have to deduct one star.
I like this game a lot.Is RTS in its most pure state.Build your economy, set your army, go to seek & destroy!No crappy heroes to level up!It runs ok in my old video card a nvidia 7600,but show some graphics issues in my new nvidia GTX275in the menu screens but in the gameplay the graphics issues are gone.So I have to deal with the graphics issues only in the menu screens.After playing the StarCraft 2 beta, I can assure that Starcraft 1is better than StarCraft 2. Not just for the LAN support thatBlizzard remove in SC2, the gameplay in SC1 is awesome.Yeah, SC2 has better graphics than SC1 right; but a gameis about gameplay and not graphics.Me and my friends still play SC1 in LAN-fests.This is something we're going to miss in SC2.
My only experience with the game is the solo aspect.  From a solo standpoint the game is probably the best shooter/crawler ever but to linear for me.  I like a more open, sandbox type game.  Half-Life took an already crounded genre, refined and did it better than anybody before or really since.  Flawless game play, easy and intuitive controls and top notch story line.  I think the story was the best part of the game.  Despite my personal views this really is a must have for any pc gamer as it really is the top game in its field.
Ever wanted to be a scientist, but never had the aptitude for it? Ever wanted to join the Army or the Marines, but couldn't because you were flat-footed? Well, you can rejoice now, because Half-Life will solve both those problems with one blow. You start off as an intelligent scientist named Gordon Freeman. You work at a place called Black Mesa, which is like Area 51. After an informative train-ride, you get off, have some chit-chat with the guards and get your suit. I was very impressed with how professional the level looked. Security guards, retina scanners, the works. This ain't your local bank. After getting your suit, you go to a room where an experiment is about to take place. You're a crucial part of it. But wait, the scientists are sounding as if something might go wrong. And then you push the specimen into the beam and . . . and shortly after that you'll be experiencing one of the finest moments in video game history. Remember that nice-looking level I was telling you about? Now visualize it with HEAVY damage, dead or dying scientists and guards and aliens popping out of thin air. AND YOU HAVE NO WEAPON! This is no Quake cake-walk with John Wayne heroics. You'll be CRAWLING in FEAR for most of the game.  I think one of the main things that made this game popular was this: It touched on the common fear of going into the unknown and feeling ill-prepared for what lies ahead. Sure, you might have 200 rounds on the MP5, a rocket launcher, and whatever else, but believe me, it won't last long (especially on hard mode).  Another thing that this game touched on was this: The fear of small spidery-creatures and large, ugly, T-Rex things that can run faster than you. Believe me when I say you'll jump when you stick your head in a tunnel and a snark or headcrab jumps out at you. After a while you manage to arm yourself and try and make it to the surface . . . only to find that Marines are attacking Black Mesa in an effort to cover up the severe accident! So now we have this ugly Bermuda Triangle of Marines, Aliens, and You. The Aliens are just plain bad.  You're just trying to get your innocent rear-end out of there. And the Marines are just following orders. Makes for one whopper of a story and a game.  But not all is run-and-gun. MANY times you'll be jumping like Mario, making well-timed decisions, and solving puzzles. But besides all that, there are three other things about this game that I like: 1)A flashlight. It's ABOUT TIME someone did something to light those dark levels. 2)Humor. Guards goof around with experimental technology--with disastrous results. 3)Well-lighted levels overall. The only FPS I've seen with more light is Serious Sam. Very rarely will you be squinting your eyes in this game.  To wrap things up, my favorite levels are the beginning one and the one entitled Surface Tension. Despite some wonderful level design in this game, I really hated the alien levels. Sure, they LOOKED nice, but when you start playing them it's a different story. Also, the two endings are too short and unsatisfactory. But overall this is a GREAT game, worth getting even now (especially if you haven't played it before), despite the fact that Return to Castle Wolfenstein (and other FPS's) are around the corner.
Ok , just like everyone sez, this IS one of the best games ever made and you SHOULD buy it immediately.  But it does have some flaws.First of all, a lot of the weopons in this game i dont like. There is only one machine gun ...only one shotgun ..one pistol , etc.  Cmon, wheres the variety??Second, the Team Fortress add on that comes with this game really sucks. It is no where near as good as counterstrike.Anyways,  Buy Half Life and download Counterstrike for free of the net.
This game is will go great with the add ons. But i love this game with Gordon and all the other civilians and scientists and security.... But this game has very cool weapons and very cool monsters. But this game is not reccomended for young users because of major violence and gore. And Multiplayer is a blast. BUT DONT EVER GIVE AWAY YOUR CD KEY IF YOU DO YOU MAY NEVER PLAY HALF LIFE MULTIPLAYER AGIAN! Dont even copy the cd for your friends. But this game has everything i expected with excellent graphics. Everyone will enjoy this game im sure. But 4 stars is my rating because i cant give anything 5 stars unless its AWESOME AND HAS NOTHING WRONG.
Half-Life is a first person shooter in the same vein as Doom and Quake.  What sets Half-Life apart though, is the more detailed backrounds and more realistic gameplay.  In Quake, you blast everything to pieces and plow your way through the levels.  In Half-Life, you pretty much do the same thing except the backrounds and characters are more interactive...it almost seems like it's part role playing game. The graphics rival those seen on Quake and Unreal, and the story has more back-bone also. Overall, Half-Life provides more of a realistic environment to explore (and destroy) than most other games of it's kind.  If you can't get enough of first person shooters, Half-Life is a great choice for some more action.
Boy this is a tough one to write about. How can I fairly review a game  that has resided on my hard drive since the very day it was released? For  the technical minded, Half-Life (H-L) is based on a modified Quake 2  engine, but the modifications simply blow Quake away in almost every  aspect. Valve made an excellent move with this choice. It is well known in  the gaming community that Quake's engine has some of the most stable  networking code in the business. Too bad the video compatibility is a  little odd. For the gamer at heart, this game may have a . . . half life  longer than Quake itself. Valve made a good move allowing the gaming  community to have the WorldCraft level editor and other SDK software. What  this means to the average player is that a simple jaunt to a good web page,  will yield every manner of new levels, characters, and baddies to download  and install to their hearts content. And with Valve's Op-for expansion  pack, this game will take up a large amount of space on a lot of hooked  players' computers.One of the most notable modifications to Half Life is  the apparently intelligent enemies. Shoot the &quot;dogs&quot; and they'll  run for cover and regroup with their pals. Let the marines see or hear you  and they'll drop a hand grenade on your head. Ninja's don't just run into  you, they jump over your head and land behind you. Crabs pop up at the most  inconvenient times. A well designed level and a poorly designed level is  differentiated by the &quot;intelligence&quot; of the enemies. Although the  modifications are great, they are certainly predictable to an extent. Play  the game enough and you'll eventually spot patterns to the enemies  &quot;thinking&quot;.So of course, after defeating the game forward and  backwards it would be time to test the Quake engine network code. Needless  to say, a 56k modem is NOT recommended. Even though with my experience the  network game play is better than the Unreal engine, the modem does this  game sad justice. Hopping up to anything better than a 56k modem really  makes this game shine. Valve has multi-player levels packed right in with  this game, nice big areas with lots of weapons make this game a fun  &quot;frag-fest&quot;. The levels don't have that disgusting  &quot;dark&quot; feel to them. Underground levels have suitable colors and  lighting. Out door levels have an expansive feeling (although no where near  the &quot;out door&quot; feeling that Unreal does so well). Too bad that  H-L has compatibility problems with various video cards.It's really not  so much compatibility problems it's really more that valve's default  settings for the are usually not the correct settings. (The voodoo video  family suffers the worst from this.) By default the video gamma is far too  bright for the voodoo 2 card. The decals have the incorrect value. Lighting  don't appear correctly. And SLI seems to have an odd effect on the game.  Most cards have their unique set of problems, and all of these adjustments  have to be done at the command level. Not something to be done by the  average gamer.And this game screams to be played by all gamers. With  many advanced gamers using the enclosed Software Developer's Kit (SDK) and  WorldCraft to make new levels, and in some cases, completely new games.  Valve guaranteed H-L's place in the gaming community. Even if the average  player has no idea how to use the software to create new levels, they can  still go to numerous web sites and download any number of home made levels.  The  Opposing Force expansion pack and the upcoming Gunman game are direct  descendants of users and their Valve's SDK That are purchasable in the  store while hot downloads like They Hunger and D.S.S. Darkstar add free  life to the game.This leads up to the final gripe with H-L, though not a  major one. I have the Team Fortress Classic (TFC) expansion, the Opposing  Force pack and numerous &quot;user made&quot; levels and my directory  continues to grow. Currently the space taken by H-L and the various packs,  levels, and extras has reached 912 MB of space. In contrast Diablo 2 (Full  installation) is 1.10 GB, while Diablo 1 is only 10.1 MB! The game's are  growing guys and gals, so the PC requirements should be followed like a  bible.All in all I would have given more than five stars if the system  would have allowed me to do so. But I admit I had to take at least one star  away, I did this to force a point onto most people who wish to own a copy  of H-L. The game can be played right of the box but to get the full effect  of the game, you're going to need to edit the auto start and configuration  files. Voodoo 2 owners used to have the H-L Voodoo Doctor but alas, I have  not seen his web page in months. H-L really does not like the Voodoo card.  ATI Rage Fury does a little better, but you'll get a bizarre  &quot;ghost&quot; on occasion. The TNT family does the best out of the  bunch with the default values. I understand Valve is working on this issue  in H-L 2 (TFC 2?)  but we'll have to wait and see. Congrats Valve, this  game shoved Quake, Quake 2, Unreal, and Duke Nukem 3D permanently off of my  drive. I've since gotten a dual 13 GB drive configuration (26 GB total),  I've never even bothered to dust off those games. With the purchase of  Bungee software by Microsoft (Please God, Don't let Halo and Oni be X-Box  only games.) , the Multi-Player nature of Quake 3, and Duke Nukem (with the  Unreal engine) on a perpetual release date, H-L will be a tough game to  knock off the &quot;Game of the Year&quot; throne. Has H-L cursed the first  person shooter genre? Are developers afraid to knock the king out of the  ring? It may look that way.
this game, just annoys me to the point i don't want to play it. the term Metroidvania doesn't do it justice if anything it insults the Metroid name because everything in Metroid is about exploration and everything is deliberate. SotN just teases you in the first part of the game and annoys you all together. so, at the start you play as Richter Belmont, picking up from Rondo of Blood, or Dracula X in the west. you reach Dracula and enters chessy voice acting. so your like oh ok, i can dig this, but you're already fighting dracula so what else is there to fight? fast forward a couple of years and now enters Alucard, running through the forest and jumps the gate. awesome scene, now your in control and this guy has a powerful weapon and armor. so everything just dies in one hit! yeah! just as powerful as Richter. then its taken away from you. that. is. so. not. cool. why the big tease?? where in development they thought was a good idea to show players Alucard's powerful equipment then have it taken away??  then the sense of direction. oh my god, after that big tease you follow the path and then after a while you explore but you can't because you need a relic to open blue door, but you need to find the relic, but you don't know where to find it! you find those relics laying around only that they supposed to be in the game already! not a fudging relic to show enemies names or the damage! its cryptic and its not known where to go. then the spells, its never told that you can cast spells to gain small health and summon a spirit. however! moving away from the negatives i will say that the soundtrack is amazing, and the graphics have aged well. its an ok title, much like Simon's Quest this game isn't for everyone and i'm almost done playing the game and i feel i've wasted so much time getting lost i just want to fight Dracula and get it over with! that's the point isn't? to get lost, waste time, get powerful, and then comes the endgame boss, your pretty powerful already, so you'll be disappointed on how the boss fight came out.overall, its an ok title, but to me its just more annoying than fun, i'm already level 21 and majority of the boss fights are becoming easy, but i'm nearly done with the game, so i have to beat it now. its a game that just wastes you time, all games are, but this one and simon's quest just literally wastes your time like no other. the portable games of Castlevania follow this formula now, which is disappointing. just try this game out for 5 minutes then you'll see what i'm taking about. its also an XBLA title so you can find it pretty easy or pay for a PS1 title.
The Good: Fast fun gameplay, nice graphical style, some of the best video game music ever created, long, good storyThe Bad: Extreme difficulty can really turn some people away, the age here shows quite a bitI never played this game before until now. I was too young at the time to really understand the game. Now that I've played it I understand why it got it's praise and I don't understand at the same time. What really makes me not like this game as much as other people is the extreme difficulty. Either that or I just suck at the game. I'm not really good at 2D platformers to begin with but this game does deliver on all accounts.It has a great story, great graphics, fast fun gameplay, you can equip stuff on every body part you have (ahem), you can buy things! While I'm not a huge Castlevania fan to begin with (first CV ever was Lament of Innocence (PS2). I'm not saying this game is terrible but for me the difficulty was way too hard for me. I just couldn't get past the third stage.
There's no other way to put it, there has been no other game I've ever played in my life where I've wanted to play the game from the beginning over and over as I did with Castlevania:SOTN. Sure, I beat it countless times, but from beginning to end is just so much fun it's unbelieveable. The game is SUPER DEEP, you'll never use EVERY special trick no matter how long and how many times you play this game. The graphics are spectacular for 2D, the music is the best of any game I've ever played (why no soundtrack available??)So why not 5 stars? It hurts me to not give it 5 stars but I have to be honest, the games kinda easy, sure it's super long, but back in the day of the old castlevania games, they were just so challenging in terms of obstacles and amount of enemies. But with this game, with all the save spots, free extra health and lack of extremely hard obstacles it's kinda hard to die. Although, if it had been that hard then I probably wouldnt be playing it over and over again. Let's say 4.5 stars.One more thing, if you go through the entire castle and beat Belmont, don't think you're done yet, you've still got a whole other castle to conquer.
"Symphony of the Night" is considered the pinnacle of the Castlevania series, and with good reason.  At a time when side-scrollers were falling to full 3-D games, Konami proved that there was still room for a good 2-D game in the gaming industry."Symphony" boasts impressive environments, huge bosses, multiple endings, creepy music, and more weapons and items than you can shake a stick at.  My only problem is that it's just too much for me to remember--when I'm being mauled by Beezlebub is not the time to look up the "Dark Metamorphosis" spell.  If you take the time to learn all your spells, as well as the ins-and-outs of all the Familiars, though, you won't have that big a problem.I have just a few picks about the game:1.) As stated before, the inventory/spell system is HUGE and can be intimidating.2.) Voice acting.  Aughh.  Wish there was an option to turn the original Japanese voice acting on, like you can in "Lament of Innocence."3.) Bosses.  Bosses are typically easy, provided you have enough health-restore items.  However, I frequntly found myself being turned into a bloody pulp (literally) by the sheer numbers and strength of ordinary enemies--isn't it suppossed to be the BOSSES who kill you over and over again?Don't get me wrong, "Symphony" is one of the best Castlevania titles to date--but if you're looking for a more user-friendly Castlevania game, I suggest "Aria of Sorrow" for the Game Boy Advance.
This was a decent game.  Probably one of the first of its kind, so that gets it major points.  It's a little on the short side (5 hours total if you watch all the cinematics and take your time) and the difficulty takes dramatic leaps and falls throughout the game, making adaptation difficult.  The graphics are absolutely horrible, but maybe i'm just spoiled by my ps2.  The voice quality isn't bad for a game as old as this one and the moves and strategy you can use are all immensely helpful (as opposed to some games that give you neat moves that have absolutely no application in the game).  Very original.
Metal Gear: Solid - Circa 1998GOOD:- Considered a classic PS1 game to many- voice-overs and sound track are pretty good- Birthed modern day "stealth" gameplayBAD:- Graphics are pretty dated- Game play might feel a little dated- The dialog can drag on a little bitIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Stealth gameplay, with some action mixed in- Mature and complex story- Multiple endings and even a few bonuses to unlockGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Tenchu- Siphon Filter- Metal Gear Solid: VR MissionsADDITIONAL NOTES:- There was a remake of this game for Nintendo's Gamecube called Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes- Metal Gear Solid is not the first but the third Metal Gear game in the Metal Gear franchise, previously there was Metal Gear and Metal Gear: Snake's Revenge on the NES- The game Metal Gear Solid: VR Missions was a spin off from Metal Gear: Solid's training VR missions- There is also a version of this game for P.C.
THis game invented stealth to the gaming industry. Plus, it porved that you could be a badass in a video game. Unfortuantly, no one who has played MGS2 is gonna go play MGS1. And that's a shame, because MGS1 almost beats the 2nd one. Better gameplay? Yes, there's a lot more action, stealth is more important, and there's more gameplay than movie. The story's pretty normal until the end. It seems like a regular terroist movie turned into a game. However, there are some bad things compared to the 2nd one. Bad graphics, can't shoot in First person mode, and you don't have a tranquilizer. Oh well, this is Playstation 1. They improved on MGS2, but only a little.
&quot;Silent Hill&quot; is one of the best survival horror games out there, even better so than &quot;Resident Evil&quot;. As earlier reviews have pointed out, this game is not for the faint of heart. The story concerns Harry, an average man who comes to the small town of Silent Hill, a town with a scarred history. He is on vacation with his daughter, Cheryl, and on their way, there is an accident. When Harry comes to, he finds himself alone, his daughter missing. Add to this, the town is deserted. As you might expect, there are dangerous monsters lurking about. The purpose of this game is to find Harry's daughter and unlock the secrets of Silent Hill's past. It won't be easy, though.&quot;Silent Hill&quot; is better than RE in that it provides much more realism. Harry is an average person like you or me, not a hero or arsenal on two legs. Like most humans, he is not an expert at conflict, so this makes the battles much tougher. The atmosphere is where this game reallt excells. The deserted town is creepier than anything out of a horror movie, with fog so thick that you cannot see 10 feet in front of you. The snow falls steadily. The music is subtle, adding to the creepiness. The monsters come out of nowhere, and there are many occasions that will make you jump.There is less action than the other survival horror games, but in a game like this, it is not a big loss. The game is more about solving puzzles than blowing monsters into oblivion. Unlike RPGs, there are no  experiece points, no levils, no benefit to fighting every single creature. Running from fights is often the best move.The one big flaw, which prevents this game from getting five stars, is the clunky controls. I pity the person who plays this game without the analog joysticks. Harry is very difficult to move around, thanks to the complicated control system. It takes a while to get used to them, but by that time you will have gotten killed a few times. The monsters come out of nowhere, and you have mere seconds to react. With controls this complicated, battles are really frustrating.But all in all, this is a fantastic game. Lots of depth, thrills, and scares. Sadly, this title is out of print, so grab it if you can find it. But it comes with a warning, it is violent and disturbing. Use with caution.
There's pus spewing from the kitchen sink, the walls are bleeding, the fog is so thinck you can cut it with a knife and this is during the daylight hours. Things get worse at night as a demon world attempts to merge itself with our own. This is the premise of the story as Harry Mason navigates his way through this errily bizzare town that his hauntingly a lot like something only the most twisted and bizar mind could create. Resident Evil has its shock moments, but regardless of what anyone might tell you, for a real scare the original Silent Hill is the game to play. This is hands down the creepiest game, and while it has few of the zombie jumping through the window sort of scares there is a great deal of darkness, and erie sounds to compensate. This is a different kind of horror than RE, a game that bares no resemblance to this original master piece with the exception of the irritating control style, but thats where the similarities end. RE relies on catching you off guard, SH requires you to constantly be on guard and plays on your paranoia the entire time, especially with the radio. While RE comes off as a fun B-movie SH comes off as the darkest dream you don't want to remember, which makes it a worthwhile experience well worth the money.It also features some of the finest FMV sequences to grace the PS1, topping the work of Final Fantasy VIII. The in game graphics leave a lot to be desired though. This is another game I would like to see remade for GCN, however Konami has taken a very stubborn anti-GCN stance, the likelyhood that this will happen is slim.As with most Survival Horror titles this game packs an awkward control style that is even more devistating to the overal game than the RE control because the camera moves as though it were stalking you, a cool effect that is hindered by the horrible control set up, a problem that was adjusted in the PS2/Xbox sequel "Restless Dreams". Aside from this complaint the game is brilliant and every horror fan should pick this title up. However, this game is NOT for kids, nor is it for the weak in stomach and faint of heart. It takes a strongh stomach and even stronger will power to get through this game. I don't care how strong you think you are this game will scare you.
I played this game right after I finished Metal Gear Solid and while I was a little let down from the switch I found the game entertaining.  I played it at like 3 in the morning with the lights out and it can kinda freak you out.  It is an old game now but if you liked the Resident Evil series and never got to try this one pick it up for your PS1 or PS2.  Also if you are thinking about getting SH2 definately play this game cause it helps you understand the town.
As you could guess, being a film student and all, that I prefer slightly the cinematic fear of the Biohazard/Resident Evil series over this, much more eerie style of fear, but that doesn't mean that this game didn't scare me as much, if not more.What's so great about Silent Hill is that the danger has a sense of reality to it, unlike in Resident Evil where you really just fight some monsters who jump through windows at you and watch some highly entertaining scenes. The fog adds a new element of fear, in which something might be out there; and with the radio, you KNOW when there is an unseen terror lurking in the shadows or precipitation. Real life is more like that: where you can't see your enemies, not where they are just big enough to withstand several direct shotgun shots.However, enough comparisons to the horror-king series, because this game is neither better nor worse. This game is simply different. Your hero isn't a cop, and the disaster is much more philosophical and fantastic than scientific, which isn't just Resident Evil, but also Parasite Eve. This isn't as much X-Files as it is the Twighlight Zone.The story is about Harry Mason, an average Joe, coming to the resort town: Silent Hill, with his daughter. What he doesn't realize is that at that very time, the forces of darkness are struggling, almost fighting one another. As a result, there are many dead people around, and the town itself is now pulsating with evil. Sometimes he'll leave a building, where the time of day, or the design of the town will change within seconds, right before his eyes. However, after each boss battle, all the super-levels of darkness will subside, and the daytime will come about again, where the danger is much more scarce; it's kind-of like Castlevania II: Simon's Quest (a true classic), where there are times of light evil, and times of overwhelming evil. However, unlike Simon's Quest, you cannot just wait it out.The main point that I'm trying to make, is that this game is easily as scary as Resident Evil, but it's less in the real world; yet, it has a strange sense of familiarity to it. However, if you were brought up with the other survival horror world, than don't expect this to just me one of the better entries; this is it's own unique bloodline (well, Fear Effect was similar, but THIS is MUCH MUCH BETTER!!). I know horror players who have given up on this game due to the fact that it is too scary. I have myself, and I'm sure all these other reviewers did as well. You will too, but that doesn't mean that you won't like it.
Even as a 31 year old man, this game can still creep the crap out of me.  Happy as all heck to have it again.
Zombie Babies!..Zombie Babies!, its what makes the game tick. The controls were &quot;sloppy&quot;, but, i really didnt mind cause the graphics were awsome. One of my favorites i really enjoyed.
being the survivla horror fan I am, I have to start by saying that if you happen to see this at a discount store, or bargen bin, pick it up, and hold it close, as the game has become very rare in many areas of the world. This was Konami's answer to Capcom's Resident Evil, and still is one of the most popular horror games today. The game, unlike REsident Evil ,or many other horror games, chooses to scare you in a more mental, quiet sense (not to say resident evil is bad, I'm mearly saying SH and RE are very different form one another). The game is not for the faint of heart, or those with out a healthy ammount of patience, as the game focuses mainly on puzzle soving and exploration. although the graphics are dated by today's standards, this is easilly overlooked once you start playing. Although the game offers a fantasic story, and haunting atmosphere, I highly recomend Silent Hill 2 over the orrigional, as it has better controlls, smoother visuals, and an even better story. I have played many horror games, and believe me when I say that this one and it's sequels stand out amongst the rest, and shoud be added to any games collection. Silent hill is not a game to miss.
Before SIlent Hill was released, all we horror gamers had to scare us were the Resident Evil (Biohazard) series of games, with big, flashy chills and spills, and the Alone In The Dark series, which were just plain bad console conversions of average PC games. It just goes to show what can be done with a genre when a development team sits down and outs their heads together properly.Eclipsing Resident Evil and all other competitors in terms of scares, character development and sophistication, Silent Hill, upon its release in 1999, was unfairly ignored by the general public, even though critics were highly impressed with its blend of psychological method-scares and real-time environments. The public, used to zombie dogs bursting through windows and super-sharp pre-rendered backdrops, couldn't seem to get into a foggy real-time atmosphere where what you heard was scarier than what you saw. However, thanks in no small part to it's sequels (the standard-setting Silent Hill 2, and the graphically amazing, slightly hollow SIlent Hill 3), the original Silent Hill now enjoys something of a Classic status, and I have to say, it's very well-deserved.You play Harry Mason, a widower, whose daughter Cheryl goes missing en route to their vacation in the resort town of Silent Hill. Along the way you encounter allies and enemies (Cybil the Cop, Dr. Michael, Nurse Lisa, and the memorable Dahlia Gillespie, one of the series' coolest characters to date) and unravel the ghastly truth behind the desertion and possession of a seemingly innocent town.The graphics haven't aged well, but still have the ability to scare. One of the first survival horror-games to utilise fully modelled realtime environments, the camera angles and darkness/fog make for some truly chilling views. You find your way with the aid of a map, torch and a radio that emits static only when an enemy is close. Since darkness and fog are very cleverly employed in the game (ostensibly to keep the slowdown to a minimum, it also serves to heighten the tense atmosphere) what you hear and do not see is a lot scarier than what you do see. There are also several of the truly cool, nightmarish vignettes that the series has become famous for - Pyramid-Heads in steel cages, the Mark of Samael, and terribly wasted corpses cling to walls and ceilings and give us a deeper sense of the ravages of satanism.The gameplay and controls in the game, while doing nothing really new for the genre, are loose and easy. This is a system that will never be perfect, lacking the fluidity of the Tomb Raider games and the precision of point-and-click adventures, but does the job nicely. The auto-aim of games like Residnet Evil isn't present, so shooting can become a tense and exciting exercise - but you'll more often than not end up running scared from whatever it is you can't see.The characterisation is superior, thanks in no small part to superb pre-rendered cut scenes and excellent voice acting. Konami have taken great pains in all of their Silent Hill games to make sure that we understand the characters in the game, and the original is no exception. Our protagonist Harry is the dullest of the players, but he's still a likeable and well-realised character. Cheryl is not the stereotypical bug-eyed Manga cute girl we've come to expect from Japanese games, and she;s all the more realistic and endearing because of it. Nurse Lisa is sinister and forbidding in her surroundings, but her innocence and frailty is heart-rending - I defy anyone not to mist up when she makes her exit in the game. And Dahlia Gillespie is a masterpiece, she's a scary, eccentric old woman that will stay in the memory long after you've finished playing.I hate giving away plot points in my reviews, and I won't here, either, but a word of advice from a survival-horror completist - CONSERVE YOUR AMMO. Depending on the ending you get (one of a possible five) you may have to fight up to three end-of-game bosses. And nothing spoils your enjoyment of a game more than having to replay the final half for more ammo.All in all, Silent Hill is a convoluted, enthralling game. It may be slightly rough-looking in places but it's well-worth the ride, and an absolute MUST if you intend to play the laterst installment. Highly recommended.
ok, I have to be honest.  This game totally rocked.  The graphics were surprisingly impressive and the combatives that you use, (Such weaponry as the soul reaver, Kain Reaver, Ariel reaver, Fire Reaver, Etc) is impressive and totally sucks you in.  There are two reasons that I gave this game 4 stars instead of five stars: It can be very hard due to the puzzles and lack of direction, and plus it can be boring after a while because the enemies get pretty redundant after the first couple of levels.  On the other hand, this game is worth buying.  I enjoyed exploring the  dark, scary, gut wrenching and yet unique world of Nosgoth, and I am hoping to get Blood Omen 1.  Either way, this game is fun.  It's impossible not to enjoy this game.
Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver - Circa 1999GOOD:- Mature and Dark foreboding story based on Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, with lots of twists and turns- Voice work is really good- Large Gothic world to exploreBAD:- Graphics looked dated, to today video game players- Raziel can really only use two weapons a staff and the sprit sword soul reaver- Lots of old fashion block pushing- Has a "to be continued ending"IF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Lots of exploring, lots of block moving- An original take on the Vampire story- Takes place in a medieval type of world similar to Dungeon and DragonsGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Tomb Raider 2- Vagrant Story- Castlevaina: Symphony of the nightADDITIONAL NOTES:- This is the first game in the Soul Reaver franchises but a spin off of the Blood Omen franchises- Blood Omen and Soul Reaver are two different franchises that fall under the Legacy of Kain franchise- A version of this game was also made on the P.C. and Dreamcast
This game is very good. It combines the good things of the original Mortal Kombat with (few) good things of the later Mortal Kombats such as (MK3 & MK3 Ultimate). It is worth buying if you still play your Playstation1, or if you are a die hard MK fan and you still want to play it on your PS2 IF you have one.
The reason i give this game 4 stars instead of 3 is because the slow loading times in beetween fights. If you owe a PS2 go to Ps driver and change the texture to smooth and disc speed to fast. The loading times are reduced by quiet alot. overall this game is great but the morphing of shang tsung can get frustrating because it has to load everytime you morph. this game is great for beginners but if you are a true hardcore MK fan get armageddon.
This was a really good MK game at the time.Heck.It still is good.It's got all the characters from Mortal Kombat-Ultimate MK3,Plus with the fatalities,friendships,babalities,ect.But there are some problems with this game.It does not include EVERY single background from the first game,like it does with MK II and MK3/UMK3. It's got the courtyard,the pit,the pit bottom and Goro's dungeon,but where are the rest??? I found that to be a major issue for me.Another problem I had with it,is alot of the backgrounds don't have the music in them,from the original games.It seems all kind of shuffled up.Lastly,another little issue is,you cannot perform a stage fatality in the pit 2,that was orginally in MK II,which IMO,was the best stage fatality out of the first three games(Including UMK3)...oh and why is Johnny Cage all of a sudden fighting with his shades on??? But Overall though,if you can overlook the little flaws,I guess this is a good game...but IMO in could have been somewhat better.
Up to this FF I've always been able to replay the game several times, but for some reason this one didn't really entice me enough to play it again, otherwise I'd give it a '5'.  The game was actually pretty cool, but some of the play was too drawn out.  I did like the fact that you could attach your magic spells to your weapons and armor, especially the armor portion, because you could get to the point where you weren't affected by any status changes, even sudden Death.  If you've never played this game, I say it's pretty good if you have some time on your hands.
In terms of the overall feel of the game, Final Fantasy VIII is about what fans of the series have come to expect.  You walk around, randomly you're attacked, and you do a lot of battling to level up and become more powerful.Without wanting to ruin any details, much of the plot is great.  Squall is a fun main character, mainly because he's such a withdrawn character that he rarely seems to desire to be the center of attention and the leader of everyone, even while he's clearly brilliant at it.  I did find the romantic subplot to be a bit of a stretch at times, but it wasn't too terrible.The only major problem is that special ability system they designed for this installment of Final Fantasy tends to encourage an awful lot of wandering around killing huge numbers of enemies, so there are larger blocks of time than I'd prefer which are devoted to mindless battles rather than the plot itself.  This seems to be a style that SquareSoft has moved away from in later games in the series.Still, on the whole I enjoyed it.
Doesn't really live up to it's hype, but it is definantly worth a buy. The story is great, just as any other Final Fantasy game. One good thing about this game is that the characters seem to be deeper and more emotion-based. The graphics are acceptable and the soundtrack is another hit. The world is beautiful and actually fun to explore. The bad side of exploring the world is that there are too many random battles, but there needs to be because leveling up on this game is difficult. The most dreadful part about this game is the battle system. Drawing magic from enemies can get very annoying and tedious. This is a good RPG and an overall wonderful game. I recommend it.
Don't let the title mislead you.  This is an AWESOME game.  The plot is amazingly creative, the character's moves and spells are cool, and the addition of powerful allies known as guardian forces that you can use in battle are a nice touch.  however, the magic system is a little confusing and impractical.  You can drastically increase your stats and build up immunities to bad status effects by "junctioning" the spells in your inventory to that statistic or immunity.  The problem is this.  In order for it to have an effect of any kind you need a TREMENDOUS number of spells.  Rather than learning spells, however, you have to "draw" them from multiple draw points along the map or steal them from enemies. Also, rather than use magic, you can summon massive beasts to kick some a** for you.  The problem with this is that you will begin to rely on these things too much as using them costs you nothing (no MP, no HP, you just get to do massive damage for free) and then when you hit points in the game when they become unusable, your other skills are horribly underdeveloped.  Once you get past this, though, the game is an absolute blast, but VII is still the king of all games.
Any die-hard final fantasy player would have to give each game some credit. Personally I think this one had it's flaws and it's amazing moments. Better than VII? Let the critics decide that. Me? Here we go:Pros:Great plot. Developed slow, but it was worth it.Graphics were good for its time and I can't criticize them for that. Plus the 3D at the end was pretty realistic. Nothing like Kingdom Hearts or some other famous current RPGs.Funny characters. You cannot tell me that you cannot relate to Squall's stubbornness. Or Zell's funny attitude.(Barret anybody?)Omega Weapon anyone?I love how they have optional bosses in this game like VII. If only the other bosses compared to his difficulty.Now the Cons:Bosses WAY too easy. Ultemecia was supposed to "Wow" me with her amazing power. The battle just dragged on. Woohoo. Ultimate Weapon? Give me a break. I like how they give optional side quests like that for bosses, but Bahamut and Ultimate Weapon were pathetic. I was about level 40 going into both battles and wiped the floor clean in under 10 minutes in both. C'mon Square Enix, make them Omega Weapon tough!Side Quests:Only worthwhile side quests were the boss ones. The other few were quite boring to try and were either overeasy, or just gave stupid prizes.Overall, I know I give the impression of a 5, but this game could have been better on the difficulty scale. VII gave me some difficulty and I normally under-train, but this was pathetic.On the fun scale a 4 only seems reasonable for it's easiness as well. It was a great game, and I would definitely play through it again. It was worth the ten dollars I payed in full.
After the tour de force of FFVII, VIII had some massive shoes to fill.  It knew, however, that it probably was never going to fill such storytelling shoes, but I don't think the game was a complete loss either.  I've often heard it told that many fans didn't like the story since it's a love story as opposed to a story where you have to save the world.  Granted, there's a bunch of sorceresses running around, messing things up, but it IS generally agreed that it takes a bit of a seat in the back compared to the more involved, psychological story of an antisocial kid destined for great things.Squall Leonhart is our protagonist.  Our Holden Caulfield.  Our kid that wants to make everything better, but doesn't want to be at the forefront of the stage.  Unfortunately, his talent quickly pushes him to the front and he is forced to lead his compatriots, SeeD (and one young love interest that's part of a rebel alliance to restore freedom), to destroy the sorceress(es).  He is more about questioning the world and his place in it, very teenage, instead of beating the crap out of the threat to the world.  A lot more effort was put into the questions of memory, place in the world, purpose, and love.  This, although brilliant for character development, left little time for us to enjoy or even feel motivated to kick some sorceress butt.  For that reason, the game gets four stars.However, there are still four stars to talk about.  The story is well thought out, if a bit obscure and sometimes too convenient (all orphans, really!).  We feel for the characters and may even feel akin to them and their internal or sometimes external debates.  The graphics, for the time of good ol' 1999, are amazing.  A mere two years after FFVII, the graphics took some serious leaps and bounds.  The gameplay graphics are almost identical, but the CG spectacular that you will be graced with was ahead of it's time (as proven by FFXI).  The gameplay is fun and there is PLENTY to occupy your time.  The draw system can be a pain in the ass, and then you never want to use magic 'cause it boosts your stats, but summons (Guardian Forces, GFs) and weapons prove to be more than what you need to not only get through the game, but excel at it.It's no VII, but as a separate entity (which is often difficult to convince oneself to do) it is a decent game.  It's getting progressively more difficult to find, hence the price, but if you want to blast away 80+ hours and reminisce on games before the 2000s, I'd recommend this one most definitely.
This game is a lot of fun.  The story, graphics and sound are great (but this is to be expected from Final Fantasy).  My only complaint about this game is the combat:  Random encounters are very frequent, and they're on a turn-based engine.  Square would do best by incorperating a variant of Final Fantasy XI's or Parasite Eve's combat system into their future RPG's.
This is a great game overall and will keep you busy for awhile the onlt problem with this is ...1.) You get command to heal party completely for 0 MP2.) Menus design sucks and is bland3.) No different mode to pick like " Hard , Very Hard , Extremely Hard "
To start this off let me say I seem to be one of the few that enjoy this version as well as the others because it seems that if you like 7 you can't like 8 or the other way around.  I enjoyed 7 a lot when I was a kid and still do today and it is the same with this one.  The graphics are a great improvment from 7 to 8 and anyone can see that. The story is good at times and slow at others and at times feels slow when your playing it but that happens with all games. It still was good enough to keep me intrested. The junctioning system was different and I didn't mind it but it had problems. It was easy to figure out what magic to junction to make my health maxed out and when I got it maxed out I found myself not useing magic through the entire game so it wouldn't bring down my stats. So if always felt like it was missing something since I never used magic through the entire game so this bothered me but not too much. The other thing I had a problem with was the world in wich the game takes place felt empty. Most final fantasy games have a lot of areas to explore and visit and this one had a lot of empty space. It didn't effect the storyline but I like to do side quest so it felt like thay coud have added to it.However I still enjoy this game and still enjoy playing it today so to me it is still a great game, maybe not as good as others but still great.
OK, so I'm only on disc 2 of FF Vlll, but I can tell you this, it is by far one of the better FF games out there.  First off, lets not get too much into the graphics, it's a PS 1 game, so that should tell you the graphics are not the best, but they could be a lot worse.  The story is very suspenceful, it constantly keeps you wondering what's gonna happen next, how is Squall and Laguna connected and what evil plan is the sorceress Edea going to come up with.Magic points used for casting magic is null and void in this game.  Instead, you have a draw system.  You draw magic from your enemies which you can either stock away for later use or you can actually use the magic right then.  Leveling up in this game doesn't mean a thing, really, seeing how when you level up, your enemies level up as well.  I kinda like that, makes the game more challenging.  Also, you don't earn money after every battle, but instead, get a steady "paycheck" at set times throughout the game.  The amount depends on what skill level you are on, the higher the level, the more money.You also have what are called Guardian Forces(GF) which you junction to your characters to make them stronger and to learn new abilites.  But, understanding this at first is a little frustrating, also, you are constantly switching the junctions around with other characters, which that also is irritating.Overall, this game so far has been awesome.  My only complaint would be what I said earlier about switching the GF junctions around, but that is just a small matter with such a wonderful game.
It's been awhile since I've played this game, I don't remember most of the character's name (except Squall and Zell) but I still love it and it's still a good comeback after 7. Even before it came out I didn't think it would be as good as 7 and I was right. The graphics of course are a little better but the main thing that I didn't like is that the villan with the blond hair (can't remember his name)was nowhere near what Sephiroth was, not even close. I know I shouldn't compare the two but I can't help it. This is still a good game to have in the collection, good storyline and great characters.
THOUGH THIS IS A TRUE RPG. BUT THE BATTELS ARE DRAMATICLY EXHAUSTIC. AND THE STORY GETS TIRESOME. BUT OVERLALL THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST RPGS EVER MADE.(not as good as &quot;legend of the dragoon&quot;)
I'll preface by saying that I'm a huge fan of RPGs and of the Final Fantasy series. Turn-based, action, Japanese or Western oriented RPGs - it makes no difference to me. A good game is a good game and I always try to completely experience a game before rendering judgment. That said, I first purchased Final Fantasy VIII shortly after it was released in 1999. However, for various reasons I never finished the game. Only recently did I decide to pick the game back up and finish what I had started so many years ago.For a game that is over ten years old the graphics in Final Fantasy still impress. Though I'll admit that graphics aren't really a top priority to me. Typical for a PS1 era game, FFVIII uses pre-rendered backgrounds with polygonal character models. The backgrounds look mostly great though the character models definitely show the games age. Still the models are a huge improvement over those used in FFVII. Square has always been known for their great CG movie sequences and FFVIII displays the developers masterful competence at creating short but moving CG sequences. Throughout the 4-disc adventure you'll be treated to a wide variety of jaw-dropping CG sequences that help move the story along.Gameplay is Final Fantasy's bread-n-butter. FFVIII features an incredibly deep and customizable system that I only now realize was far ahead of it's time. Characters don't gain the ability to use magic in the traditional level-grinding ways. Instead characters 'Draw' magic from enemies. In other words as you battle enemies you can siphon magic from the enemies own reserve. There's no limit on the amount of magic you can siphon from one enemy, however, generally speaking, the stronger the magic the less you can 'draw'. There is a lot more to the system including your character levels which directly impact the level of enemies and thus the magic they're carrying.The popular summons make a return though in altered form. In FFVIII summons are called Guardian Forces or GFs for short. The great thing about the GFs is that each must be defeated in battle before gaining the ability to use them. It's a fantastic design decision by Square that lends to a sense of accomplishment. GFs in FFVIII are similar to party members in that they have levels and experience points and can take damage in battle. Each GF also has a list of abilities that can be learned by earning 'AP' (ability points) in battle. The abilities include things like upgraded HP or increased attack power to very specific abilities that can be utilized by your characters.Each GF is attached to a character via the 'Junction' system. This system provides a deep customization mechanic where you can not only Junction a GF but also specific magic to each character trait. For example a powerful spell like 'Ultima' could be Junctioned to a characters HP thus rendering a large HP bonus. Or that same magic attached to a characters Strength for added physical damage to attacks. Status effect magic - bio, sleep, confuse, etc. - can be junctioned as well to a characters attack or defense rendering the ability to inflict status effects by attacking or gaining increased defense against those same attacks. Like I said, it's a very deep system.A memorable musical score is present in FFVIII and while it's not my favorite soundtrack the music is always fitting for the particular event in-game. As far as sidequests and extras go FFVIII is bursting at the seams. There is a full-fledged card-battle mini-game called Triple Triad that could have probably been released as a standalone title. There are plenty of optional GFs to collect including the most powerful GF of all - Eden. There are chocobo mini-games and many other Final Fantasy staples too. There is even an optional 'Weapon' battle for those familiar with the battle against Ruby & Emerald Weapons in FFVII. This time around the challenge has been turned all the way up for Omega Weapon!All that said, there is a lot to like about FFVIII. But there are a few areas where I felt the game was lacking. Mainly I feel that the story is somewhat disjointed. Not wanting to spoil anything here I'll keep out a lot of the details. But the basic story pits you as a "SeeD" - a sort of elite mercenary group created for the purpose of quelling the powerful Sorceresses that influence the land. It sounds great but I feel that Square never really delivered in making my party of teenagers a believable band of elite mercs. The basic motivation is there but it's presented in an awkward way. Often characters make the strangest decisions or say the goofiest things that can probably be attributed to some cultural differences between Japanese and American cultures. I think this game could have used some additional polish and time in localization. The ending in the game is just outright poor in my opinion.My last complaint is a bit more minor but still valid. Whereas past Final Fantasy titles felt like actual livable worlds with lots to see and explore, FFVIII's world is a bit more sterile. Most of the landscape is barren with little of interest. For the majority of the game there are only a few sporadic populated areas. It almost feels like the game is based on an almost extinct planet. It's a strange feeling that I couldn't shake the entire time I played the game.I'll stop short of comparing the game directly to other Final Fantasy titles. I firmly believe that this is a quality game and worth experiencing to any fan of the series or RPGs.
Final Fantasy VIII is one of my favorite video games. The characters are so life like and so are the monsters. You can turn your enemies into collectors cards wich is a unique and interesting feature in this game. It takes some getting used to at first, but then it is a rewarding and challenging game once you into it. I got stuck at a pretty much advanced stage in the game,as where I could not solve a certain challenging event. I waited for my son to come visit to help me solve that particular part of the game. When he finally came, he had brought me a new video game. I wanted to start the new game first, instead of letting him help me with Final Fantasy VIII. In that process the new game was saved over my advanced level of Final Fantasy VIII game. You can imagine how horrible I felt. Now I had to start a whole new game. It is exasperating. I hope nobody else makes the same stupid mistake I did. It's a tough game to play but also very rewarding.
I really enjoyed this games storyline, FMV sequences, and gameplay.  But this game had problems too.  This game, to me is shorter, and not quite as good as FFVII.  They don't have the cussin as much as they did, levelin' up is too easy, not challenging, it makes it seem like there are too many random battles because Sqaull walks so damn slow.  Limit brakes are easy to git, if u keep your HP at 1/4.  Bosses aren't challanging at all, unless your fightin' Ultamecia cuz she'll chose the 3 starters, and 90% of the time, the odds won't tip in yo' favor.  The best thing about the game is that the storyline makes me want to find out what happens at the end.  I'd give it a 3.5 but the don't have that so I rounded it to 4.  If u a bif fan of FF, u won't be disapointed; if you liked FFVII and want to see what's next, I suggest u shud borrow it or rent it.  But it's a good game non-the less.
This game is the black sheep of the franchise. you may LOVE it. you may HATE it. One thing is for certain however--it is better than most of the other final fantasy games.
When Final Fantasy VII debuted in 1997 it was hailed as the greatest of great RPGs.  When Final Fantasy VIII came around in 1999, it had so much to live up to.  So much hype that the bar was set too high, even for Final Fantasy VIII to hit.  Almost ten years later, it's a little easier to look at Final Fantasy VIII with fondness.  In part because that bar it had to reach is no longer there.  The hype has settled.  We can now look at Final Fantasy VIII for what it is.  It's a great game to be sure, but it still has some problems it has to address.Final Fantasy VIII is, first and foremost, a love story.  It takes a moment to get going but when it does (about halfway through) it turns out to be good.  Final Fantasy VIII is about Squall, a young member who attends the Balamb Garden Academy and is about to undertake a field exam for an elite group called SeeD.  When he finally gets in his first mission to help a resistance group lead by a young woman named Rinoa.  The adventure eventually leads to an epic good versus evil battle as Squall and his allies realize a sorceress is plotting world domination.  For the most part the story is good, but even now it's hard not to notice how it skimps on certain things.  Squall is a well developed character, but Final Fantasy VIII does little to develop its other characters.  You come to like Squall and understand his angst, but you'll hardly come to understand the other characters quite as well.Final Fantasy VIII also utilizes the ATB battle system which has been in place since Final Fantasy IV.  The eighth installment in particular tries to differentiate itself from the rest of the series and succeeds.  Very well.  First there's Final Fantasy VIII's junction system.  Rather than having the convential level up system, this game opts instead to have the enemies raise levels with you.  It seems like this will make the game harder, but the junction system serves as a balance.  First, there's drawing spells.  In battle, characters can draw spells from the enemy.  It's a tedious task and often gets boring, but you can use any spell you have to increase your statistics.  But there's more than that.  You can't junction spells to your stats unless you junction Guardian Forces (Final Fantasy VIII's summons) to a character.Junctioning isn't just a gimmick, however.  It's a necessity to getting through the game as your characters stats won't grow fast enough.  Different spells also have a different impact on certain stats.  More powerful spells will do a better job than their weaker counterparts.  You can also junction to increase your defense against status ailments and even increase your elemental defense enough to absorb spells.The Junction system is a great addition but it's overly complex.  The big problem with it, however, is that the game never gives you an incentive to use one character over another aside from their limit breaks, which are very powerful attacks, but only useful if your HP falls into the yellow (or you cast a certain spell).  Battling in Final Fantasy VIII can be fun, but the biggest problem is that it never encourages you to take advantage of it.  You can draw spells, but depleting your stock of spells also depletes the stat its junctioned to.  In short, if you want to keep most of your stats in tip top shape you'll want to refrain from using some of the game's more devastating spells (as they'll be used to junction).  The junction system does work, however, in letting gamers challenge themselves.  You can make the game as hard or as easy as you like.There are also abilities that each GF carries that allow you to learn several abilities.  Some can give you new commands in battle while others can also help increase your stats by a certain amount.There's quite a bit more to Final Fantasy VIII's gameplay.  There's also a card game called Triple Triad you can play.  It's a simple game complete with complex rules.  It's also incredibly addictive.  There are a couple of other mini-games, but where Final Fantasy VIII really succeeds is it's unremarkable number of sidequests (though most of them become locked on the final disc).  There's a ton of optional things to do here.If anything did go against Final Fantasy VIII, it would be some of the things at the core of its gameplay.  As mentioned earlier drawing is downright boring and long.  There's little incentive to use magic and there's not much point to level grinding or any incentive to actually work for abilities either (why bother if enemies will level up with you?).  The biggest problem is actually getting new weapons.  In most RPGs weapons are found or bought in item shops or earned as rewards for defeating certain enemies.  Final Fantasy VIII does away with all that and makes you scrounge for items to make weapons.  At first it seems creative, but getting some of the more lucrative weapons becomes very taxing and repetitive.  You might find yourself getting into several battles just to get one part for a weapon.  It's helped a little by letting you change items and cards into tools, but some can only be obtained by defeating enemies.  Getting new weapons and making characters more powerful should be a bit more fun than this.  Final Fantasy VIII manages to turn it into a chore.Graphically, however, Final Fantasy VIII is a milestone for the Playstation.  While it's environments can be a little grainy, its character models are very beautiful and actually very human like.  The game doesn't look smooth, however, and some of the art design doesn't look as good as other Final Fantasy games past or present.  It's a visual looker, having some incredibly detailed towns and dungeons and even some incredible looking spell effects and limit breaks (as well as some top notch FMV sequences) but it doesn't always set the mood the way previous installments have.  As much as some may not like to hear it: Final Fantasy VII was a greater visual achievement.  Final Fantasy VIII is incredible to look at, but some of its visuals just look a bit sloppier.Musically Final Fantasy VIII sounds good.  It doesn't sound quite as good as Final Fantasy VI or Final Fantasy X, but the tracks that stand out are among the most recognizable in Final Fantasy history.  Much of it has the love story soundtrack going for it.  There's a lot of slow low key musical numbers.  For some gamers this probably won't cut it.  Especially when compared to the more lively and upbeat soundtracks of the other games.Final Fantasy VIII isn't a bad game, but it's one that tries so hard to be different from the rest of the series and tries too hard to be better than its predecessor.  The truth is, when a game gets labeled the greatest of greats, its probably better not to try and out do it, but to focus on what made it great in the first place and continue in that direction.  Final Fantasy VIII is a good game.  A great game, even, but its gameplay issues make quite a dent in the game as a whole.  It's an amazing experience but with these issues, it keeps it from being the best experience it can be.
I played Diablo 2 shortly after playing the first game and was immediately impressed by the improvements.  (Note: I played Diablo 2 with the expansion, Lord of Destruction, installed, along with patch 1.10, both of which I highly recommend.)  Not only was the expanded choice of characters refreshing, but the ways that you could customize the characters with the skill system was a vast improvement over the first game.Gameplay: Very similar to the first game--a lot of mouse usage, along with the keyboard for hotkeys.  This game is a bit more linear than the first Diablo, since none of its 21 quests are randomly selected (they are the same each game).  However, the story is well told through first-rate cut-scenes and dialogue with NPCs.  This game is much bigger than the first, and there are four different areas that you adventure in, including a desert, plains, a jungle, and, of course, hell.  Most fights are resolved quick and nasty; however, the bosses at the end of each act (there are four acts) are all good fights.  Diablo himself is much nastier than he was in the first game.  You can hire a NPC to travel and fight with you, which is a nice feature that adds more excitement to the battles.  Gameplay is overall quite good for a hack-and-slay action adventure with a sprinkling of roleplaying elements.  There are really just two big problems.  First, the game places quantity over quality when it comes to encounters with monsters.  After you wade through literally hundreds of creatures, you will likely only remember the tough ones which infrequently appear and the end bosses.  Although there are dozens of monster types in the game, they all become rather monotonous after you kill 50 or more of each type.  The other problem with the game is the save system and what happens to you when you die.  As others have said, Blizzard made a big blunder by having a game-save system that does not allow you to save the game where you are.  Instead, when you save, you must exit the game.  When you play again, you start out in the local town.  Also, when you die, you are "resurrected" in the local town, but you must go back to the spot where you died in order to claim your equipment from your corpse.  And of course, more likely than not you'll have to fight your murderers to get your stuff back.  This system, and the music, are the only things that are inferior in Diablo 2 as compared to the first game.Graphics: Good in 800x600 resolution (which you can only get with the Lord of Destruction expansion).  Monsters, scenary, spell effects, and combat all look convincing.  It looks as good as the Baldur's Gate games.  The cut-scenes are the best I've ever seen.Sound: Sound effects are generally well done.  Voice acting is okay, although most NPCs don't speak with the kind of urgency you'd think they should have when facing the end of the world.  The music is decent, but not as good as the thunderous drums of the first game.Replay/value: If you liked the first Diablo, you'll probably like this one at least as good or better.  And for the current price, it's worth it. It took me about 45 hours to finish everything with a Paladin character.  Treasure, monsters, dungeon walls, shrines, and other things are randomly generated.  Also, the game can be played over the internet, which should appeal to online gamers.  I personally have no desire to go through it again, since none of the quests are random.  However, the game is designed to encourage repeat play, especially since each character class is very different and the game has online capability.Overall, Diablo 2 is a very good game, but not a great game in my opinion.  It should offer many hours of gameplay and does have replay appeal.  Don't look for the kind of depth that you would find in full-fledge computer roleplaying games such as Baldur's Gate or Morrowind.  Diablo is less about acting out a part in a grand story (although there is some of this) and more about the instant satisfaction that comes with arcade-style action.
Diablo 2 will probably win an award for most underappreciated game of the  year.  It's interestin to see so many people bashing a game that, if you  actually think about it, is exactly what people were expecting.The  original Diablo was a fun game, in that it was addictive and people who  liked repetetive hack and slash action enjoyed it.  However, it only held  appeal for a very narrow branch of gamers.  The rest of us wanted strategy  and something else to make fighting endless hordes somewhat more  interesting.Enter Diablo 2.  By adding a horde of various skills and  tweaking a lot of code, the original Diablo battle system returns with a  punch.  Imagine being a huge barbarian: instead of just hacking everything  to pieces, you leap 7 meters into the fray, slash a few monsters, block  some attacks with your shield, leap out again and just for good measure,  give a huge shout to scare off any pursuers.  You clamber behind a wall and  equip a bow to shoot monsters from between the bars of a jail cell before  they catch up to you again and you decide that *this* time, you're going to  equip *2* swords and do a huge double slice attack.  Sounds a lot better,  doesn't it?The graphics of this game are also highly under appreciated.  Everyone seems to think that it looks basically the same...but in reality,  the graphics have improved in many, many ways.  Take the lighting effects  for example: walk around any pillar in a dungeon and you will see some of  the most beautiful lighting effects ever created.  Every animation is  smoother, more pronounced, and easily distinguishable.But enough about  the graphics.  Even smaller changes to the game system have made it so much  more enjoyable.  The concept of &quot;tomes&quot; - huge collections of  identical scrolls - have freed up inventory space for everyone's  characters.  As previously mentioned, the skills system is huge and allows  for crazy levels of character customization.But the biggest, most  incredible part of this game is the multiplayer.  Diablo 1's major fault  was that you could import a character from your single player game and use  it online.  In addition, a monstrous number of hacks and other programs of  that nature went into circulation so that everyone online had the best of  everything...where was the enjoyment?  There wasn't any - I stopped playing  Diablo online very quickly because of the lack of enjoyment.  This time  around, Blizzard got smart - online characters are stored online and cannot  be modified short of hacking Blizzard's character database, because none of  the character data is stored on your machine.  Multiplayer has become that  much more fun because of it.And last, but not least, the storyline is  much improved.  No more of this &quot;we live in one town and walk into the  same dungeon to fight everything&quot;.  Diablo 2 actually has something of  a storyline, and a new quest system that enables you to more clearly see  the benefits of doing favors for the townspeople you encounter.  In  addition, the world map is huge - and easily travelable due to the added  concept of waypoints.To conclude, people who are saying this game is a  Diablo 1 clone are obviously not very attentive, or are playing both games  without half as much enjoyment as they can offer...
Diablo II lived up to the hype, no doubt about that ...but it's fun fails in comparison to the first Diablo. Why? Because Blizzard didn't bother to change the gameplay one bit.Yep ..its EXACTLEY the same. Of course, that's not really a bad thing considering how great the gameplay is BUT it's just sooo sooo ...REPETITIVE!! All Blizzard needed to do is add more depth to the gameplay, and it would of recieved a perfect score. But still, while repetitive .. it's very replayable and fun ..especially since Diablo II has Battle.net to back it up ;)Another thing that remained the same is the graphics. Yup, no change at all ...or so I think.Sound ...greatControl ...so easySo is Diablo II worth buying? Of course. But don't expect too much out of it or you will be dissapointed.In my opinion, the first Diablo is better.The series needs to end here, period....But of course it won't ;)cya
Diablo 1 is a fantastic game, Diablo 2 basically expands upon that. More classes, more levels, better graphics... Yet it just isn't as challenging as the original. Still a great game and fans of the first should pick this up.
A true classic of the rpg genre.Great gameplay, immersive and rich storyline, fun multiplayer experience. Highly recommended!
It's funny how game developers strike on a theme or concept and consider it a gold mine. And like your average gold mine, it's used for a while, some times for years, but before anyone realizes it, it starts to run out. And so like many crazy miners, the game developers keep mining hoping to strike that gigantic hidden vein. Well, Blizzard hit the gold mine with original Diablo. I myself admit, that I stayed up for all hours of the night playing Diablo by myself, on my LAN, and on Blizzard.net. Shame to admit it, I played the game until I reached Hell, then replayed with different characters (Big whoop) and played again using the &quot;evil&quot; hackers tools (GASP!). So when Diablo II was announced, I eagerly awaited the release of the sequel. I announced my retirement from Diablo, ordered and got the Limited Edition of Diablo II and . . . was disappointed.Really disappointed. My first mistake was accessing Battle.Net the day of release, nay the month of release. Blizzard stress tested the new network for Diablo II due to a fundamental change in how network play is handled. Well,. . . They stress tested for 10,000 people. Well, 70,000 Limited Edition Diablo II's were printed on top of who knows how many of the regular edition and the server was crippled for several months. What did Blizzard think? That we would graciously limit ourselves 10,000 people at a time? (10,000 world wide if I understand the news wheel correctly.) Granted the change was for the best. I myself was getting annoyed by the vast number of Cheating Player Killers (CPK) using special software to &quot;survive&quot; anything. Many honest players were forced to use the very same hackers tools just to enjoy the game. The network was changed for Diablo II to prevent this type of cheat in an &quot;honest&quot; game. At least Blizzard didn't lose all of their brain cells. Blizzard did work hard to improve the AT&amp;T servers for game play and now thanks to their hard work server down time is somewhat minimized (albeit hardly perfected. We game players are an impatient bunch.)And now on to the graphics. Well,. . . The graphics are nothing new. Still problems with the Voodoo 2 series of the cards (under certain circumstances it appears that you are looking through a sheet of water.) Monsters are still ho hum, areas are um . . the same random maps. Not much difference except the &quot;bowled&quot; effect. Not sure why blizzard implemented this, perhaps to give the player a better &quot;perspective&quot;? Things kind of do look more &quot;distant&quot; as the object reach the edge of the screen. Whatever.Controls are the same. The game now makes better use of the keyboard however the entire game can still be played without ever touching the keyboard. Both points are good. I like the fact that belt items are a variable (4 for the first belt, 8 for the next belt, 12 for the next belt and so on and so on.) however, many may not like the newer compact look of the screen. They may not realize that this is by design to allow the player more visible gaming area. Item finding is vastly improved (how many times did we squint at the screen to find a stupid ring.) pressing a chosen key highlights the items for easy finding.Also, managing and using your character has never changed from the original. It's still easy to look at the farious stats and items that you have. However, I've never liked how much screen real estate this process has to take.I find that the characters are somewhat unbalanced for game play. I can't really decide if this is good or bad. It is clear that one character will certainly stand out as the best for player to player combat, not good. As well as another character will become the best for single player games and another will be the best for &quot;grouping.&quot; I do like the &quot;unique&quot; spells and abilities of each character. But is all this better than the &quot;vanilla&quot; characters of Diablo I? It certainly is, but by how much I'm not too certain.There really isn't much to say about this game. Giving or not giving a star for each quality, I rated the game like thus. One star for the solid, but very stock, graphics. One star for the extremely refined controls. However I have to force a loss of one star for the quirkiness of the battle.net servers. &quot;Is that fair?&quot; you may ask. Well, yes, You see, playing Diablo II by yourself is only 50% of the game. Playing online or on a LAN is the other 50%. Online play is such an integral part of the experience of this game that I feel that Blizzard's service should be included in the rating. Sorry guys and gals. I can't decide whether to give or take one star for the characters. I would rather give half a star but amazon doesn't allow that, therefor I'll be nice and round up. One star for the character selection and development. The final star goes towards overall addiction. This game is indeed addictive, however care should be exercised that boredom won't creep in. All in all, three and a half stars rounded up to four. This game needs to be viewed as an extension of the original instead of the a whole new version and your enjoyment will increase. The price is a bit high as of this writing but I feel it is worth the hard earned cash (or credit in our modern world).On a final note, (yes, I'm positive, no more paragraphs.) some of you may wonder why I don't always include music and sound in my reviews. It is because I am a part of the deaf community (although, I myself am not deaf.) I am keenly aware that deaf people often really don't care about music in a game so therfor I tend to leave those out. In case you are wondering, the music in Diablo II is far better than that found in Diablo I. Much more moody and awe inspiring, it certainly sets the pace of the game.Thanks for reading!TigerPomme
This was my first system and I had great fun with it. Some of the games are amazing like Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. This system holds some of the most classic and most well made games. The system itself is alright. I have run into minor problems with it like games freezing or not even loading. The controls are alright, you rarely use the d-pad.
I still am mad at my dad for selling my N64 back in 2002 to a guy in germany, but theyre the cheapest game console I can think of today that is still graphically holds up.game selection 7/10, 386 games is nowhere near colse as the PS1, but alot of 3D games that you loved on the SNES come on here! mario, zelda, FZero, Metroid, DOOM 64 are all on here!Controller 6/10 IDK wat nintendo was thinking with this, alot of game controls need alot of getting used to, like 2 D-pads & a analog stick? do ya think thats enough?! and its not the most conftorable thing to hold, and the rumble paks do make it significantly heavier then say saturn or PS1 controllers, but it does make 3D games more natural to controli really dont get Y they went with cartridges, I mean I love them, but audio & video is almost completely non existant on here, music loops kinda short, the cutscenes are used with polygons instead of CG, but load times are only 2 seconds!now getting one today is easy, since alot of games were made for it, and they wont break, but it kinda feels olde then it looks, always get one with a memory expansion pak! the jumper pak gives the framerate slower then it should
After years of coveting my friends Super Nintendo, I finally got my first gaming console. In the Christmas of 1996, the Nintendo 64 arrived.The Nintendo 64, or N64 as it is sometimes referred, followed in the wake of success of the first Sony console, the PlayStation, and started producing their games with 3D graphics. Instead of limiting the player to only being able to move forward and backward, or left and right, you could now move in all directions. This opened a portal for Nintendo to take some of their classic characters and put them in truly immersive worlds. For example, Mario was no longer a 16-bit side scrolling red and blue pixel, but a small Italian man with a healthy knack for adventure. Being able to see these characters up close and all around was something like we had never seen before. The result ended up being games like Super Mario 64, Star Fox 64, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time and the countless hours and vivid gameplay that they would offer.With a very simple design and set up like the previous 2 Nintendo consoles (SNES & NES) the 64 was another cartridge based Nintendo console with no load times and generally easy maintenance (remember blowing into the cartridges and consoles?). The controller however, was something that was dramatically different from both previous Nintendo consoles. This controller offered an analog stick and more than the standard 2 or 4 buttons. The analog stick was great for the 3D games and made it very easy to navigate, however, after enough hours of play it stop working in one way or another.It's interesting to see how Nintendo has come full circle, evolving to something like the Nintendo 64 and in some ways digressing back to it's origins with games like New Super Mario Bros U, which is much like Super Mario Bros for SNES but with updated graphics and a few more tweaks.
The N64 was Nintendo's 3rd console (not counting the Game Boy, and Virtaul Boy).It came out shortly after the Sega Saturn and Sony Playstation. If you don't have this system anymore or never have. And collect systems and and games, then I recommend this system. The controller has always at first glace seemed like a gimmick. And like myself, probably made you think how are people supposed to use that controller. But it actually isn't too bad! The system it's self is pretty simple, yet cool looking. And is for the most part really reliable. And having 4 controller ports is a plus too! Though it would have been nice if Nintendo released more mature games for the console, there are some classic games. I recommend the games below.007 Golden EyeMortal Kombat TrilogyMario Kart 64WCW NWO RevengeResident Evil 2Super Mario 64F-ZeroReady 2 RumbleLegend Of Zelda Ocarina Of TimeStar Wars Shadows Of The EmpireNBA HangtimeDOOM 64NFL BlitzKiller Instinct GoldBio Freaksand WAYNE Gretzky's 3D Hockey to name a few to start with.
The Nintendo 64 is a lot of fun, and it is well-made, too.  Mine works like new and is about 10 or 11 years old right now.  There are a lot of fun games and it has all right graphics and good sound.  Even though it's kind of old, I still have a lot of fun with this console.One thing to keep in mind is you may need to add some things to it.  Some games require a memory card, which plugs into the controller, and some need an expansion pack, which plugs into the console.  You can add a rumble pack if you want, but that's not required.  It should come with 2 controllers, but you can have up to 4.
Back in the day--and by that I mean the late 90's--my family and I owned our own Sony Playstation console. It was an amazing console with games such as Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon. Without any real competition from Sega during the mid 90's, Playstation and the Nintendo 64 struggled to show everybody who was the best.Released in 1996--about 2 years after the debut of the Playstation console--the Nintendo 64 picked up steam fast. Games such as Super Mario 64, Zelda's Ocarina of Time, and Mario Kart 64, it's no wonder Nintendo's new system did so well.So now let's see just how the Nintendo 64 compares to the Playstation. For starters, the picture clearly indicates one thing the Playstation didn't have: four controller ports. The only way to play with four players on the Playstation was to attach a multi-tap to its front. In terms of the controllers themselves, the Playstation wins; with its sleek, ergonomic design and simple button layout, it's no competition. The Nintendo 64, on the other hand, has an awkward-to-handle controller with three handles--almost as if Nintendo expected there to be gamers with three hands looking for a new Nintendo console. The only thing better about the Nintendo 64's controller is how it was the first to have a built-in thumbstick--which Sony later took to but into their Dualshock controller.Another thing you may notice about the Nintendo 64 is how it has a cartridge slot--as opposed to the Sega Saturn and Playstation having disc drives. Because of the Nintendo 64's lack of a disc drive, its games cannot hold the space or audio quality of disc-based games. But--because the discs are on cartridges--the long loading times we experience with the Playstation are virtually nonexistent here.As Nintendo's last home console to use cartridges and their first console to use 3D 64-bit graphics, it became a major success. Its games set the status quo for many 3D platformers, 3D racers, and adventure games to come.
For the last couple of years people have been patiently awaiting the release of  I found out that the same makers of those two great games where releasing an RPG in my favorite campaign setting, I almost soiled myself with glee.Torment uses the Baldur's engine, but don't be the setting is not the sword and sorcery genre you are used too.  In fact to me, it seems to have more of the quirkiness of Fallout2 than the straitforward D&amp;D elements of Baldur's.  There are few weapons choices and I've never even worn any armor, but, you won't miss any of that.The main PC is a recently resurrented immortal and his first ally is a floating skull.  I have almost finished the game and my weapon of choice through most of it was my own severed arm!  How can you not love that?The only reason I'm not giving the game 5 stars is because, for my system, I found it quite buggy.  I suffered lots of lockups and assertion errors, as well as the occasional graphics glitch.  The third disk had trouble loading at times as well.I still highly recommend this game, and I commend Black Isle for putting the RP back into RPG.  The setting and story are compelling and unpredictable and the party members are rich and interesting instead of just someone to hold your treasure.  So, if you are biting your nails in anticipation for Diablo 2, give Torment a try (and if you haven't already, try Baldur's and Fallout2) you will be glad you did.
I have to admit, the original game didn't really impress me all that much. So I wasn't holding out very high hopes for the sequel. So you can imagine my stunned surprise when I found out that Age of Empires 2 (AOE2) was a  surprisingly good game.The biggest improvement in the game was the user  interface. I think AOE2 has the most advanced user interface ever  introduced in a real-time strategy game. It makes it extremely easy to  control the formation and behaviour of your troops, and queing units is a  snap.The second strength is the AI, which (along with Dark Reign) is the  most complex in any game to-date. The AI will respond to attacks on its own  bases, and it will send large strike forces against your armies.However, AOE2's greatest weakness is its lack of a cohesive  single-player campaign. Instead of a series of missions linked with a  cohesive storyline, you have several separate campaigns, each centering  around a different empire. So the missions are more like skirmishes than  really cohesive campaigns. Regrettably, Starcraft is still the king when it  comes to single-player campaigns.For the above stated reason, I must  remove one star. Other than that, AOE2 is a game every discerning computer  strategy gamer should have on their PC.
This game is an awesome demonstration of what life was like in the middle ages. The thrill of watching your small village grow into a mighty empire is very cool. The scenerios are historically accurate, fun 2 play, and most importantly, challenging yet possible. a great overall game.
When i first played Age of empires i knew the 2nd one would be a hell of alot better than the first. It was so much better. The resolution was better, the castle age and imperial age are an excellent add on.(The dark age and fudel are just like the ones in age of empires 1.) The new weapons, buildings, castles are my favorite. This game has no end to the limits. Multiplayer is so much fun except when there is lag. This game deserves to be honored with 4 stars because of its authentic gameplay.
First of all I'm going to talk about the better of the 2, Japan's FFVI (aka USA's FFIII).  Aside from USA's FFII, this is the best Final Fantasy ever!  This game was first released in the USA for the SNES console.  Even then the music in this game was comparable to that of games played on the PSX, the 32-bit Sony system.  The graphics are also great, 3-dimensional.  Besides that the story is awesome and the game will keep you busy for awhile.  It's a long one!  There's so many twists and turns and things you can do in this game that it's almost unbelievable.  It's a wonder why I didn't choose this one to be #1 instead of FFII.  I guess it's because in my mind FFII is the one that started the greatness of the FF series.  Since FFII, the FF series has had a great story and the graphics started looking pretty good.  Not to bag on FFI, but the story was rather weak and besides, it was on the 8-bit Nintendo system.  If you have been let down by any Final Fantasy you've ever played, this is the one to play.  There's so many different characters you can get in this game as well, but you have to know how to get them.  My favorite is the Ninja, because he has a mind of his own, and you never know what he's going to say or do.My second topic is Japan's FFV.  The only reason I gave FF Anthology 4 stars is due to the greatness of FFVI.  This FFV game though... in a word... sucks.  It's the worst FF game I have ever played.  The enemies are too difficult.  They give you too many character jobs.  And finally, the game is just boring.  The graphics aren't any better than USA's FFII if not worse.  To me this game is like FF Tactics crossed with FFII.  I don't own this game anymore due to the fact that I already have FFIII for the SNES console.  If you don't have an SNES or can't get your hands on FFIII, then this game is a definite must just to play FFVI.
This was an ok game (or should i say, games), but I didn't find it nearly as addictive as the other final fantasies i've played.  FFV was an ok addition to the series but the dialogue is awkward (They didn't do a fantastic job translating on V or VI) and the gameplay is more like a standard RPG than the final fantasy style.  Buy it if you're really into the FF series, but if you're just starting out, get FFVII first.
Well I love Final Fantasy V and the job system.  Final Fantasy VI was not my cup of tea, but still good.
Both these games are pretty good.Reviewers may judge ff5 for being bad or something, but it is because it is harder than other final fantasys. I think this is a great thing as you can't just use attack every round. The job and ability system is awesome. You can learn abilitys on jobs and use them for other jobs. You could have a sorcerer have the power to store one of his attacks. You could have a knight cast demi. You can have a barbarian who guards other members. It is really cool and fun as you stay with basically 4 characters. These 4 characters can change jobs and look different for each one. The fun thing is getting to choose who does what. The story is great, as it should be. The characters interact and have personalitys.Now, I stopped playing ff5 half way through because it is much longer than other final fantasys. It also has a saving issue. Sometimes when opening the save menu you will see the pixels go crazy. You have to exit the save menu a couple times or just select save by pressing down once than x 3 times. This bug is kinda annoying at times but it can be fixed. It does have high points though that should not be overlooked.FF6 is good. It has much better sprites. It is different though. You can't just have your 4 favorite characters as you will probably switch it up alot. I liked the characters, but they do tend to become useless. Most of them do. I never use Cyan or whatever. The challenge is moderately hard. It is not as challenging as FF5, but more challenging than ff7. There are a ton of summons. I read Expert Gamer sometimes and they have a whole page filled with summons in one issue. The battles are relatively fun, but can be won easily with Edgar. It is so easy to use tools that it is almost a joke. I stopped playing this one half way through also as I got distracted.If you like classic 2d games, these are pretty good. I am gonna finish ff5 after starting over and plan to do the same with 6. They are both good and the editor said &quot;ff5 should of stayed unreleased&quot;. When you say something like that, you clearly did not play the game. It is innovative and fun. Great value for 2 great games!
This is more of a kiddy game because of its graphics from Sega. I played it so much that my eyes get dizzy following Sonic throughout the scene. Although, I think everyone should take dizzy pills because of how fast he is running. I know if you look down at his shoes, you will get dizzy.
sonic 2 is not as good as sonic 1, but that doesn't it's bad. on the conterary, it's still AWSOME!it had more speed, multiplayer, better graphics, and super sonic.the special stages are cool, but can be frustrating without a game genie. there are sonic 1 or 2 places where you get stuck in the enviorment. when you get all the emeralds and 50 rings in a level, becomming super sonic isn't a choice. but that doesn't slow this game down.if you want a game to have fun with by yourself or with freinds, sonic 2 is the one for you.
What can I say? This game is HUGE, but it's fun. I was initially adamant at trying it out because I had been disappointed with Banjo-Kazooie the year before, but as soon as I got into it, I was hooked. This game is not for the weak of heart. It is about twice the size of Banjo-Kazooie. There are twice as many Golden Bananas as B-K had Jiggies. There are more than 3 times the amount of bananas (for Banana Medals) than B-K had Musical Notes. When you play a level in Donkey Kong 64 and then go back and try a level in Banjo-Kazooie, it feels terribly restricted. Yet the gameplay is still essentially the same. You move around the levels (you control five characters this time) and perform a variety of tasks, after which you are awarded a Golden Banana for your efforts. And then you lather, rinse, and repeat. Boss battles play an even larger part of a role than in B-K, where the only boss battle seemed to have been at the end of the game. Everybody have the same general moves, but they all must earn them independently from Cranky, Candy, or Funky with their specific coins.And then there are the tedious aspects that everybody remembers in Donkey Kong 64. With five playable characters, Rare seemed to want them to work as a team, but sometimes that may be a bit of a bother. No, it is actually more of a big bother. Let's suppose there is a switch that Donkey must open. We can assume that the things behind that door are for Donkey Kong, but nope. Rare just made a Donkey out of us. It's for Diddy and Tiny! And then there are times when you are walking along collecting green bananas for Chunky but all of a sudden, the bananas change to blue! So then your only choice is to find a Switch Barrel and change to Lanky. It gets a bit tedious. And then there are the backtracking. You have to unlock certain characters in the beginning, and they are not all in the first level. So you must then go back and get their respective Golden Bananas in previous levels. Meh. All of this constant switching really takes away the fun out of the game, especially if you're playing it through for the fourth time. It's still worth it to play through the entire game at least once, although certain frustrating moments would make it acceptable to avoid the 101%.But Donkey Kong 64 is still an amazing game. Even if you hate the repetition, you can't overlook the technological wonders Rare has instilled. The game had been one of the most stunning five years ago, as Rare was already setting themselves up as one of the experts in graphical achievements. Although each Kong look rather bland now, the game's visuals are certainly pleasing on the eyes. However, the same can't be said about the game's camera. The camera can often go crazy at times, especially during swimming moments or on Diddy's Jet Barrels. Those are times when I go on a cursing frenzy. There are other equally frustrating times. I suppose the camera had always been the death of 3D platform/adventure games. The game's music is terrific. Although people have a love/hate relationship with the infamous D.K. Rap, the rest of the game's soundtrack are lovely. Songs like the Main Menu music and Frantic Factory are catchy, while Fungi Forest can actually send a chill down your spine. And then there's the humor. Actually, some of the game's humor seems to be kind of forced, but then again, the same can be said about the humor in Banjo-Kazooie. Other parts are genuinely funny. However, as spectacular as the game is, the game's tedium and spotty camera keeps it from becoming a classic. It's too bad. Nintendo had such high hopes for this game.
For fans of the original 16-bit SNES games, you couldn't ask for a better game. The once 2-D platform scrolling of "Donkey Kong Country" is now juiced up into a 3-D, free-roaming adventure. The levels are new and exciting, and offer a wicked challenge. But sometimes, the challenge is too much.The story is familiar enough. Donkey Kong, with the help of his friends, goes after the evil reptiles that stole his banana hoard.  Cranky Kong, who is the original Arcade DK, offers greater help this time around, giving you new abilities and objectives as you complete old ones. His sarcastic "In my day..." remarks add some nice comic relief. The graphics, with the aid of the requisite Expansion pak, are amazing, rich and colorful. The movements of the characters are smooth, and the worlds are gigantic, allowing for lots of exploration and hidden levels.The flaws in this game are relative to the player. I find that the sheer volume of items you need to obtain, and all the side levels, can be unbelieveable. You spend more time looking for items than you do looking for reptiles. Much of your time is also dedicated to finding hidden levels, which adds a lot of replay value, but causes you to get stuck at certain points. For some, this is a definite plus, and I am not saying that it is a big downer, but sometimes you feel bogged down with things to do.Another problem that needs addressing is the camera. They should have focused as much on responsive camera movements as they did with the graphics. It often shifts when you don't want it to, and it is a bugger to get a strait focus. This also brings up the issue of the controls, which are harder to master than a new language. Getting Donkey Kong to dive properly underwater is enough to send your remote flying across the room.But all these are minor flaws in an otherwise great game. When you play it you will see how they took full advantage of the Nintendo 64's abilities. It is not for everybody, and will definitely frustrate some, but it is worth every bit of effort.
Bottom line is you will get a lot of game for your dollar. Even after the 35-40 hours to complete every single last objective the game, there's still a simple, but worthy multiplayer mode to keep you occupied. The real problem is that right to the end, it's just more of the same. There isn't the sharp contrast that DKCountry brought to the SNES as most hoped and expected. While no major ground is broken from Banjo Kazooie, Donkey Kong is still all there as a 3D platform game.
In Donkey Kong 64, you get an expansion pack, which already makes the game a good buy, but the game is huge.  It takes hours to complete, so I wouldn't recommend it for younger kids, but the gameplay is great.  There  are five Kongs in this game: Donkey, Diddy, Tiny, Lanky, and Chunky.  All  of which have different powers which are needed to earn Golden Banannas to  unlock levels.  Besides the game's challenge, You also need to complete two  classic Rare Games: Jetpac and the original Donkey Kong.  This game  supports an OK multiplayer, but it is not as addictive as the game, and the  controls would be to confusing for someone who is not familiar with the  game.  All in all, this game is a good buy.
Shadows of the Empire was my first game when I bought the N64. At the time, it was the software that definately showed off what the N64 hardware could do the most. It was also the very first Star Wars game to have a realistic level devoted to the famous Hoth scene from Empire Strikes Back. Allowing you to participate in the backstory of this great film, the game is filled with a variety of different gamestyles (from 3rd person adventure, to racing through the streets of mos Eisley, to blasting enemy ships in space) As part of the Shadows of the Empire multimedia blitz (the story continued in both novel, comic and CD soundtrack form) the game also stands as Star Wars continuity and is an integral part to the Expanded Universe. A classic game, definately pick it up if you see it.
This game was alright, but to get down to the main point, the thing that has disappointed me the most are the frustrating, choppy controls, but I can forgive that since this was one of the launch titles that came out near the end of 1996. With that said, it is your typical 3D platformer with a Star Wars signature to it. However, if you are not a competitive gamer, expect to have an outstanding amount of trouble with many parts of this game, including a boss that I could not beat that comes right after the stage where you dodge obstacles while riding on various trains. As if the stage wasn't long and punishing enough, they had to throw a boss that involved hiding from hisblasts, which was very difficult, and jumping up through platforms that are extremely difficult to jump on tomaybe have a better aim at the boss. I have given up after losing several sets of lives. I grew up with the N64, andI have never came across a game that was this outstanding difficult in the 13 years I played various N64 games.The story on the other hand wasn't too bad. It filled some plot holes between V and VI just fine, and the overall sound quality was not bad for N64, considering that the sound had to be compressed before it could be released, because of the format limitations of cartridges at the time. Overall, this game is passable, but if you areexpecting a game that has a fair difficulty, and easy to control, I would suggest playing something else instead.UPDATE: Apparently I was quite harsh on the game, considering that the controls are actually not as bad as I made them out to be. I managed to defeatthe second boss with some hassle, but I was too close to the boss itself. The controls do take some time to get used to, but they are not actuallyhorrible, as I have seen much worse, and rather unforgiving controls than this.
I've owned every other Star Wars game on the 64, and without a doubt, nothing surpasses Rogue Squadron. But Shadows Of The Empire is not to be over looked.I had my doubts about this game. I started off playing Rogue Squadron, then Naboo, and Racer, both Racer and Naboo lost their reply value after a week for me, but RS is one I will always go back to now and then... So I thought I might give Shadows Of The Empire a go. I had low expectations for it, but actually comparing it to RS is useless because this version is completely different to RS and BFN! It surprised me when I got to the 2nd stage and it had gone Golden eye style! You run around as a guy named Dash, you start with a laser, but you can find missiles, proton thingies, stun guns and my favorite that just blows half the room away, I dunno what it was called but it's great...oh, and a flame thrower!!! Would have been nice if the enemies caught fire or something, instead of act like the where shot, but it's still cool.Half the game is on foot in a Goldeneye/Duke Nukem kind of way. You open doors, collect things, can fly around with a jet pack, and have to do things to get to certain area first before moving on the level and things like that. The rest of the game is flying and shooting in your ships.Level one is the battle of Hoth, and where this games story begins. It is almost like the Battle Of Hoth in RS on one of the bonus missions. The graphics aren't RS, but that didn't matter. You gun down the probe droids, go after the Chicken Walkers, and then trip the Walkers. Then the story begins, what's happening is this game starts from Empire Strikes Back (the movie) and after the Battle Of Hoth, it's following the story of another Rebellion, Dash. And what it leads to is the events that have happened in between Empire Strikes Back & Return Of The Jedi.From the movies, you only see the end of Empire as they go looking for Han, then the next movies starts with his rescue. Well this game is what happened in between then.The graphics are decent, there not RS but it's still fun. I know it's the original, but it felt good to actually get out of the crafts and vehicles and do some running around for a change.Only 3 negative things I have to say.1) You kill Boba Fett in this, so that makes no continuity sense.2) No multiplayer :( would've made a great 2 or more player game I reckon.3) it would have been nice to be able to do a custom edit to the controls, and be able to choose what button you want to do what with. Because of the 100's of other shoot' em up games; every time I went to shoot I was pressing the Z button by mistake. There's no programmed control setting to use the Z button to fire. Which makes no sense, because the Z button is known as the trigger button, but all it does in this game is either view, or run left, depending on what control setting you have set.So, basically, the graphics aren't superb, it was one of the 1st games for the 64, and you can see the many advancements they made for RS. But this game is still good. SOFE & RS are 2 completely different games. If you love RS or BFN, and you haven't played this one 'cause you think it is inferior, then think again. It holds its own and stands up still. There is even a level on speeder bikes! Reminded me a bit of Racer, but not quite the same; it's hard to go fast and stay in control in this. There aren't any ships to choose in mission like RS, basically you start with the Snow Speeder, go onto Dash's ship that is much like the Falcon. And apparently there's a code to fly an X wing in the last level, and cheats to play as the AT-ST, but I didn't try them.I found it tougher then you'd think to stay alive, so I recommend you enter the Debug code.What you do is start a new game in a fresh slot, (erase if you none free) then enter your name as ".Wampa..Stompa" and note the case sensitive, and the . before and in the middle of the words. There is a space at the start, and 2 between Stompa. It is case sensitive, so make sure you press the L button to change from upper case to lower case. Then ok it all and start the game. Press pause as soon as the level starts, and on the pause menu, hold down all the c buttons, the L, R, & Z buttons and left on the arrow pad (hold them all at once together. Then while holding them down, move the control stick to the left for about 5 seconds, you will hear a noise. Then hold it right for 5 seconds. Then left, then right, then left for the same time. And you should get pink writing come up.(TIP: the way I did it was used my finger to hold the button, then used my lips to hold the stick left and right)That pink writing you can toggle through by press L or R, and then Start to enable it. You basically just need the invincibility and all weapons. Maybe the level skip or teleport (to another location of the level your on). Have fun with it. Each time you want to use it again, hold all the buttons down again (all C's, L, R, Z, left) and then tap the analog to the left and the menu will display again whenever you want it.May the Schwartz be with you.
I recently went crazy and bought an N64 system, an expansion pak, a memory card, and 13 games. Thing was, it all happened in less than 2 days and it happened cause the sweet memories I had when I was a child. I bought the N64 mainly for the game Zelda: Ocarina of Time (by the way if you've never played it, by all cost and means, do so). However, this game was also part of that sweet memory which I'm trying to relive again.This game, from my experience a long time ago, was fun. The only minor problem is sometimes the lack of directions, camera angle can be changed but sometimes even with the change you don't exactly get just what you want still, and controlling is a little hard sometimes so jumping from one spot to another usually ends up in falling to your doom, but again not if you get use to it. Same for walking on ledges.You start out with a small spaceship (don't know the names that well not much of a star wars fan) and you use your laser guns to kill the small two legged robots (at-st?) and these ropes to entangle and destroy the big ones. Than for the next two levels or so are first person shooters.The thing about this game is that soon it gets boring so what you do is be creative in killing your enemies. For example: Level 2 or something, where you meet these hairy beasts haha, wow, anyways what I do is, they are locked in this room with some guys. So what I do is run in, save up my guns, and run around and open the cages and let them handle those guys. Afterwards you let the two beasts fight each other to save ammo. Trick is to not let them see you and don't disturb them while they are fighting each other. And in the first level I love killing the smaller robots with my own ship. Suicidal style.This game is nice still. I think its quite replayable. It was hard for me to play it then cause I didn't have a memory card and each time I turned the game off I got to start in the beginning of that level again. I never beated the train level.You really can't go wrong with this game. Just don't buy it for more than $15. I bought one that worked great for $7.50. Shop around. Nice day to everyone.
"Shadows of the Empire" was one of the debut games for the Nintendo 64 system, and it was a quite a debut.  Capitalizing on the huge popularity of the Star Wars series of novels, LucasArts took one of the more popular books, "Shadows of the Empire", and created a video game based on it.  "Shadows..." starts off with the Hoth snow battle where you use one of the speeders to take out probe droids, AT-STs, and AT-ATs.  From there, you play as mercenary Dash Rendar, whose job it is to assist Luke and Leia in the capturing of a super computer that contains details of the next Death Star and to battle the Black Sun crime syndicate.  The varying locales of each and methods of gameplay for each board allow for a diverse, entertaining experience.  There are space battles, battles aboard moving trains, and numerous battles on foot help increase the intensity of the gameplay.  One of the best boards comes late in the game and involves a mission to infiltrate and destroy Prince Xizor's (the head of Black Sun) palace.  The music effects are the best this side of the original trilogy soundtrack and graphics create a haunting environment of a castle that is very dark, almost fog-laden, and very forbidding to proceed through.Of course, there are a few flaws in this game as well.  It's very clear that Nintendo was still trying to realize the full graphic potential of the N64.  Several of the background images, and even some of the foreground gameplay, resemble that of Super NES games.  The background is flat and the pixelization is frequently choppy.  Nintendo would get it right not too much later, though, with the release of the spectacular "Star Wars: Rogue Squadron".All that being said, "Shadows..." is a fun game to play.  Even despite lacking 'gold medal goals' like "Rogue Squadron" has to help increase replayability, it still remains fun to go back and play even after beating it numerous times.
Who is gamer and followed their evolution, this is a game that can not miss the collection.Respecting the limits of its technological platform and its time, the game was one of the greatest of his era.I recommend.Good seller too. The product arrived ahead of schedule in great condition as described.
Bloody and brutal.What else would you expect from an MK game?It's always fun to play this classic and compare it to current MK games.Obviously the graphics are much worse, but I find the gameplay to be just as fun.
This game is superior to GoldenEye in every way.  That says a lot, because GoldenEye is one of the greatest N64 games ever.  Having said that, in this game, you control Joanna Dark, a secret agent who has been sent to infiltrate DataDyne Corporation, because they have been suspected of conspiracy.  It turns out that they are collaboration with a hostile alien race.  The Skeddars are giving them technology, and in return, DataDyne is cloning a skeddar in the form of the American President.  You use great guns (all hail the Slayer), cool gadgets (I love the Spy series), and play in cool missions (one of which takes place in my home of Chicago, and one onboard Air Force One).  If you like first person shooters, you owe it to yourself to play this game.
Ever one day out of the blue feel like playing a game or watching a movie you haven't had in years? Fond memories of experiencing it and how it made you felt at that time seem familiar enough to maybe warrant a revisit? It's used time and time again with ports and remakes but what about playing the original? Does it still hold up or does it seem...odd now? Recently I had a strange inkling to revisit Perfect Dark so taking out my old N64 with thankfully my Expansion Pak from Donkey Kong's packaging, I thought I'd check it out and while I can nitpick it to death about "dated this and that", it still wouldn't mask that it was a great game through and through.Story: Special Agent Joanna Dark is an operative for the Carrington Institute who gets involved in a conspiracy involving the Institute, another corporation known as DataDyne and 2 warring alien races. At the time, the plot was rather ambitious, moreso than Goldeneye which followed the film nearly to a T. Now of course it's quite silly and the single player isn't as developed or as memorable but it still works to a certain extent now.Graphics: Back then these graphics were through the roof. More realistic lighting and textures, a bit more emphasis on art design and decor as opposed to the bland levels of Goldeneye and character animations are smoother. The framerate did take a hit occasionally but not enough to make you curse that its so jittery. Now it certainly has aged though you can appreciate it for what it is now and what the game did at the time but if you're going to play an old game, be prepared for old looking stuff.Sound/Music: The soundtrack to Perfect Dark largely consists of a more futuristic Bond-style music where it's a bit more ambient and mysterious with moments where it gets really exciting and cinematic. The voice acting however can be a bit sketchy since it's not really overracted but rather it sounds rather flat at times while other times it works or its comical.Gameplay: It's strange to revisit an old gameplay system since it's familiar enough to know what to do but it's been so long and you've played several different types that it feels...alien, no pun intended. Essentially, controlling Joanna dark's movement and vision is the Analog stick and the C-Up and C-Down, while the other 2 are for strafing or more correct turning. It took some getting used to since I've had to use dual analog for a long time and eventually I got around to it but it still felt odd. Missions are broken up like Goldeneye with several objectives before you can finish the level and in a neat feature, the objective can be different on different difficulty settings. One mission might require you just to do one or 2 things while on Hard, you'll have to do some extra stuff to pass.One of Goldeneye's memorable features was the different guns from handguns, automatics, shotguns and even miniguns and rocket launchers. PD's weapons go a bit beyond that and you'll have stuff like CamSpy which is like a tiny motorized camera/spy vehicle to alien weaponry and things like night vision. It's easy to get into and it's fun to experiment though the more accurate precision of games like Halo or Bioshock kind of make it initially problematic to get used to.The N64 became a bit of a party machine around the house here with the Mario Party games, the WWF/WCW wrestling games, racers and of course, Goldeneye. PD adds even more customizable features and just generally a lot more stuff but to access it all you need the expansion pak and of course the more people, the bigger the knock against the framerate. Most of my family and friends would just pop in Goldeneye for multiplayer so it's hard to say how it would stack up.With games like the 2 Zeldas and Perfect Dark, the N64 was a very capable machine at delivering solid play though techwise it wasn't the most advanced but if you can track it down or even still have it, it's worth giving the game another go.
This game, as stated above, is probably going to be the last great First-Person-Shooter on the N64. This game combines the graphics of half-life, the weapons of Turok 2, and the gameplay of Goldeneye to make a Perfect, yet a little dark, mix of all the great FPS's into one. Each level in this game, as in half-life, is completlty different from the last, and is archeiteched in a way that is totally conveincible, each one of the alien weapons has a feroicious, pointed look to it, and covered in a brown and red color, as in Turok 2, and the gameplay is almost the exact thing used for goldeneye, with a good lock-on system that slows you down for accuracy instead of being perfectly accurate while runnng franticaly for your life. Level design here is great, and each level has a high point of action to it that you've sworn you saw in a movie but just cant remember which one, for example, In the Area51 level, You walk into a white-walled autopsy room, disquied in you'r doctors uniform. Above you, on a raised platform, you see a bright, tilted surgery light, and below that, a short grey alien. All of a sudden, a guard yells "Thats not harry, its a Spy", everyone starts shooting at you, running franticaly behind cover, you return fire, staining the white walls with the red blood of the guards. You run into the autopsy room, take the floating cart the unconsious if not dead alien is on, and push it out of the room with one hand while carefully holding your trusty pistol in the other. As you open the door, two guards let loose with their AK's, as the cart below you bobbles up and down in the fight, you gladly return fire from cover of the cart the alein is on. Continually bobing up and down, the short grey thing remains unconsious as you push it from room to room, surviving each gunfight in the white and now red walled rooms. With such movielike action going on constinly throughout the game, and with such cool-looking guns, and great graphics for the N64, This game stands almost Perfect above the other N64 (I still thing Ocarina of Time stands higher, so dont but this over that, just to let you know)
When Perfect Dark came out it was by far the best shooter, not one matched it.  It was the awakening of shooters to show everyone how good they could really be.  It's crazy plot about a secret agent trying to stop aliens keeps you in it but all the objectives that you must complete and the crazy gear you get make it by far the best.  The multiplayer in this so far can only be matched maybe by Halo.  This was the first game that let you pretty much get to customize every option of the game.
Well, it's just the background that's bad that's all. The color is runny not realy but if you play the game you know what I mean ok.Golden eye and this game is almost the same because you get to use gun's so on. In this game you meet other people well, can't tell you, you got to play it yourdself.This time it's a woman not a man it's always a man now it's a woman doing a man's job. Every game I play was good but this is better that's my word, how about your's?TOMB RAIDER AND GOLDEN EYE AND DIE HARD are just alike, you see go play it for yourself go go on do it.There is more stuff to do if you get in the higher level's and they are very hard. I think they are ten level's in the game. After you done with the game they are four more level's that you can have fun with. Story is almost over. This is the other half of the story.The gun's are so cool and easy the use and it's fun to blow people away and see lot's and lot's of blood. ONLY 17 + 18 AND UP CAN PLAY THIS GAME I JUST WANT YOU TO BE SAFE OK...well, that's all I going to say about this game BUY.
Great DOOM game, a new look at the classic shooter with lots of new suprizes.  The new set of levels are cool, the monsters are great as always with cool new looks, there are great new effects that add to the creepiness of the greatest shooting series ever such as fog.  The new weapons like the double chainsaw are great, the music is very good, which always shines in doom games and over all very well done.
Doom 64 was my first FPS game while at the time ,i really loved the dark horrid atmosphere, i must admit that always hated the 2D graphic characters , the sound can some times be disturbing but all in all a fun game, i never played it on computer but!!!!!! who cares i like it anyway.
Diddy Kong Racing provides an enjoyable experience, but it ultimately screams lackluster in the gameplay department. There's a ton of goodies to unlock, but the challenges feel to easy and somewhat stupid sometimes.WHAT THE GAME IS: The most blatant Mario Kart ripoff in history. This is one of the only ones that comes close to capturing the Mario Kart spirit. But the weapons aren't as fun and aren't accurate, the levels are less interesting, and only two characters would later go to achieve stardom in a later game. Yep, Conker and Banjo Kazooie are in the game, but it's so weird to see Conker not smoking a cigar, getting wasted, and peeing on enemies. Plus, they are the only cool characters.GRAPHICS: Looked good for back then, but the textures are a little these days and it has a static look to it.MUSIC: A bit annoying, it's not the enjoyable music from Mario Kart, but it's fine.SOUND: The annoying announcer, annoying character voices, firing weapons, and racing.GAMEPLAY: The controls sometimes feel a little sticky and the weapons aren't even close to accurate when hitting a target. Racing works fine overall, but the game as a whole is average and lackluster.OVERALL: Just get Mario Kart, it's a lot more fun. It wouldn't hurt to check this game out, but there are better options than this.THE GOOD: Good Mario Kart-ripoff racing and some cool environments.THE BAD: Weapon accuracy is terrible, music is annoying, controls feel a little sticky.
Diddy Kong Racing is the other major kart racer for the Nintendo 64. When it came out, most people were accusing Rare of copying the Mario Kart 64 formula. That may be true, but at least they made modification. For example, there is a major decrease in emphasis on items in Diddy Kong Racing. In Mario Kart 64, you need a good hold on the items to win. In Diddy Kong Racing, items are merely an afterthought. What are really important are the boosters strewn all around the levels. This creates a different racing feel that some people may like more than others. I personally feel that the karts are not as agile as they are in Mario Kart 64, and that decreases my enjoyment of the game. Ah well. The inclusion of two extra vehicle types adds a different feel to the gameplay. I didn't really like the plane, but hovercrafts rule! In a racing game, level design is just as important as the controls. The courses are nice, but a bit lacking in variety. Oh well. It was obviously a way to fit in with the five different sections in the single player mode. Gawd...the single player mode...the Silver Coin Challenges are no fair, I tell you!As the game is less focused on the items, the battle modes are a bit drawn-out and boring. However, Fire Mountain and Smokey Castle are brilliant. In Fire Mountain, your goal is to take eggs to your nest and make sure they hatch. The game becomes frantic with the addition of the ability to steal your opponents' eggs. In Smokey Castle, you must take 10 bananas (2 at a time) to your respectable treasure chest. It's not as awesome as Fire Mountain, but it's fun just the same. Graphics are actually decent for 1997. It may not be as visually stunning as what Rare would achieve in half a year with Banjo-Kazooie, but the game looks nice nonetheless. Most early Rare games have lousy backgrounds, but DKR's backgrounds are impressive. The music is terribly catchy, and the voice samples are cute. The Silver Coin Challenge is still unfair.
I've spent years playing this game as a child, and there is tons of races and a variety of bright optomistic characters. The best part of this title is multiplayer. Multiplayer has 3 diffrent games: Battle (you shoot eachother) Race, and capture the flag. There are 3 vehicles you can use in this game too. Plane, kart, and hover craft. If your playing solo there is also an adventure mode where you go through a nice adventure.
While N64 fans were happily busy playing Goldeneye 007, Rare surprised everyone by releasing their own kart racing game in 1997 called Diddy Kong Racing. Blending adventure elements with the racing elements Mario Kart 64 was known for, Rare's Mario Kart clone was a good effort but it has since sparked a furious debate as to whether it was better than Nintendo's game.In Diddy Kong Racing, 8 characters including Diddy Kong, band together to stop Wizpig, the main villain, from taking over their world by beating him at his own game: racing. You start out driving a kart and get to explore the huge over world with 4 different sections representing different areas. Your goal is to win balloons to unlock all of the areas. Each area has 4 stages to race through and when you come in first place, you earn a balloon. After you beat all 4 stages in an area, you unlock a race with the boss of the area. Beat the boss and you move on to the other areas to repeat the same process. Earn a certain amount of balloons to unlock Wizpig's area where you ultimately race against him to beat him and win the game. As you complete each stage, it becomes available for time trail and multi-player modes.The PROS: For starters, there is a lot to do here. Not only do you race around in carts but after you accept challenges from the Genie (the character you interact with the most), beat them and you unlock the ability to race around in a hovercraft and a plane. There are a lot of stages to complete and not only can you unlock two additional racers, meet a certain condition and you unlock a secret area with its own stages to race on. The game looks great considering it came out in 1997. The overall presentation, graphics, music and sound effects fit the overall happy mood of the game. Three of your friends can take you in the multi player mode and you can use kart, hovercraft or plane here as well. So yeah, it will keep you busy and it's fun but it depends on who plays it because....The CONS: of two issues that do hamper the overall gaming experience. First, this game is tough. The other racers will put up a fight and since you can use weapons to blast them or help yourself, so can the other racers. It's a different experience whenever you switch your type of ride so keep that in mind and because of it, you have to memorize the stages well to get an advantage. The tough difficulty this game brings may turn off some gamers. Also, this game requires a huge amount of backtracking which brings about a feeling of severe repetition. In order to get all the balloons, you must beat each stage 3 times and beat each boss of each area two times. Yes, you read that correct. The first time around, you must place first in each race. The second time around, you have to collect 8 silver coins scattered throughout each stage AND place first. The third time around, you must race through each stage back to back in a grand prix style and place first for the gold trophy. Since the computer racers were tough to begin with, expect to race the same stages over and over and over.Rare has a history of making tough games and Diddy Kong Racing follows this tradition. There's so much to do and look at and for the dedicated gamer, this game delivers. But for those who don't have a lot of time to invest or are easily frustrated by an intense learning curve this game brings, you may not want to play it. With its great graphics, main story mode with lots to do and a decent multi-player mode for you and 3 other players, Diddy Kong Racing is a good effort from Rare. Whether or not this is a better game compared to Mario Kart 64 depends on who you ask. Give it a try if you can get this for a low price. As an alternative, you can pick this up for the Nintendo DS but it went through some changes as a result of Rare porting it over.
With the successful franchise of Super Mario Brothers blooming in 1996 with Mario 64, Nintendo 64 seemed to be very strong as a contender in the video game wars. Although the system has lasted about 6 years, the impact it has made with cartridge video games, will never be duplicated ever. When Mario Kart 64 came out in 1997, the field was just explosive unlike anything else. Then, nearly a year later, another mark in the racing form came about with Diddy Kong Racing. The game was just as surprising as the race that Mario Kart had left in the dust. Surprisingly, with Diddy Kong Racing, there was a little more at stake than meets the eye.With the release of Diddy Kong Racing, it took the racing game to another level. Unlike Mario Kart 64, there are three different kinds of vehicles to really choose from, instead of one: Kart-style, like Mario Kart 64, Airplane, and Hovercraft. It makes it a little different to rangle with, when in some courses you can race with only one of those vehicles, and on others, you can choose to race two or three vehicles. The game features the story of Diddy Kong and his friends trying to save Timber's Island from the clutches of Wizpig, a vile hog that holds control of the island. There are so many courses that are in the way that you must unlock in the story adventure mode. Still, there are also some other feels and challenges along the way, including unlocking challenges and two hidden charcters: Drumstick and T.T. and some very special codes that you can access in the tracks Mode.However, there are some flaws that Diddy Kong Racing has that were just surprising. First, there is a slower frame rate than Mario Kart 64, but the gameplay itself definitely makes up for that flaw. Another flaw is the control among some of the characters like Crunch The Alligator, and Banjo, the bear from the Nintendo 64 game, Banjo-Kazooie, is a little more difficult than evenly averaged in Mario Kart 64. The lighter charcters like Pipsy The Mouse and Tiptup The Turtle, provide a much better use for control in getting those challenges unlocked for a tasteful race with Wizpig in the final showdown.Although many people stopped making games for the Nintendo 64, there are some good agmes that still continue to push that pedal to the metal. Diddy Kong is one of them, if you really love the challenge. Considering that mostly all racing games are exactly the same as you could possible imagine, there are some games that still stand that gameplay. If you've loved Mario Kart 64, you'll definitely love Diddy Kong Racing.
This game came out years ago, and since its creation there have been many copy-cats. But no game has ever surpassed it in its genre (multi-player racing games). Wanna know why?First there is the single-player mode. I must say that for a children's game the adventure mode is remarkably challenging. But if you want to play all of the levels, (and certainly if you want to unlock all the hidden characters) you'll have to play through it. The challenges are interesting (if a bit repetitive and possibly even annoying). But once you get passed the main single player mode, the REAL game starts.You can describe the multi-player in this game in one word: Perfection. Every character handles differently, and has a unique personality. Every levels has short-cuts and a unique look and feel. The four-player graphics are remarkably fast, detailed, and smooth for being on a 64-bit system. And the controls really are perfect. And since you have to get bananas to go faster, find and hit every speed boost pad you can, and collect balloons for offense and defensive power-ups, you can never let your guard down. Each and every level can be experienced a variety of different ways. You can play every level reversed, and you can try every level with cars, hover-crafts, and planes (and players can even use diffent vehicles on the same course at the same time!). When this game came out it won awards for technical achievement. They were well deserved. I do not think there has ever been a split-screen racing game to match it. Not in gameplay, not in graphical prowess, and certainly not in fun factor. A great game for kids and adults. No N64 owner who loves multi-player games should be without it!
theres a bunch of super fast space planes racing through unbelivable courses at speeds as high as like 800-900 mph!its hard to hang on!there are lots and lots of ships to choose from.there are some really cool side games too.whats that you say?sounds like suicide?well,yes.thats quite true.you will wreck and die a lot.but youve got to learn to make split second deciions.so learn to anticipate!its great fun!
Let me just say this. Out of all racing games I've played for the Nintendo 64, only Diddy Kong Racing and Mario Kart 64 are more fun. Okay. With that said, let's explore the various components of gameplay in a random, unorganized order. What I found really compelling is the awe-inspiring cast of characters. 30 racers, each with their own personality and life story, is quite a hefty amount. Another thing this game excelled in was the sense of SPEED! While Star Wars Episode I Racer went just as fast if not faster, that game didn't present you with the sense of speed F-Zero X does! Sometimes it can get overwhelming, and that sends you flying off the track, where (if you're playing multiplayer) allows you play a rather fun slots game in which you can still affect the action on screen. The ability to completely wipe out opposing racers with a slight double press of R or Z really adds great strategy in the single-player mode. And Death Race. Oooh...that is a classic!  Tracks are well-designed. Boosts. You won't win without them. They can get quite annoying, since if you miss one, you're pretty much screwed, at least in multiplayer. Single player AI is pretty dumb.I don't really remember much of the music. Recently, I was able to use VGMusic (great site) to listen to F-Zero X MIDIs, and based on what I heard, it didn't seem very impressive. Perhaps it's because these rock-like guitar riffs don't appeal to me. Give me soft jazz, western, or classic any day! Sound effects stick better in my mind, and they are pretty good. The thing that sticks out the most is probably the wail as you fall...off...the...track...KABOOM! Visually, F-Zero X had been kind of lacking. The textures were bleh, and the backgrounds were just fog or clouds. Even though it's not visually or aurally appealing, F-Zero X is still an extremely fun game to play.
This game sounds awesome on paper.Race through courses at 700 or more miles per hour against 20 or so different racers. Its even better than it sounds once you play it. It is so addicting because of the high speed and challenging race tracks and it really makes me feel good to hear the announcer say &quot;Alright.First place&quot;. All of the cars are about the same except for 3 or 4 that are just absolutely fast.Although the game gets a point taken off for not making the cities very detailed it is a lot more fun to play than it looks.
If you're looking for a solid racer to fill out your N64 game collection with, F-Zero X is a great choice. The graphics are low on detail, but Nintendo compensated with a huge emphasis on speed. Tracks twist and turn every which way, including death-defying jumps, corkscrews, half pipes, and cylinders. The familar F-Zero soundtrack has been updated too, and keeps the excitment high.However, the Gamecube version basically topped this game in every aspect possible. F-Zero was a franchise where the sequels consistently made their predecessors look hopelessly outdated, and the same applies here. F-Zero X sacrifices graphic detail for speed. F-Zero GX sacrificed neither. So if you've been playing the newer versions, there's no point going back to this one.A solid title for its era, and good if you enjoy retro gaming. Otherwise this probably won't hold your interest as much.
With four characters to choose from, you can get your race on! I've felt very strongly for a couple of the Nintendo 64 racing games and they are as follows:Snowboard Kids 2Mario Kart 64Diddy Kong RacingWave Race 64They're all really fun and even though you don't get items to use against your foes in this game, just plain racing can get quite competitive. Most of the people that I knew weren't into this game but it was OK because racing against the computers had never been more fun!If you still have a Nintendo 64 or just got one, I highly recommend this game as well as the ones above. And if you have a Nintendo GameCube, I'd recommend Wave Race: Blue Storm. It's almost as fun as this game.Ciao!
not the greatest game ever made, but still enjoyable and for the time it was so unique and fun being able to race on jet skies, graphics were good for when it was made also.
Rare finally closed the DKC series with this title, Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble. Released in 1996, it was one of the last games to appear on the SNES as the Nintendo 64 made its debut and everyone was moving onto it and the Playstation. Don't let the naysayers cast a shadow over DKC 3; it's a good game that while it isn't better than Diddy's Kong Quest, it is worthy to being part of the fantastic SNES series.In Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble, both Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong have been kidnapped by a mysterious villain named KAOS so Dixie Kong enlists the help of her baby cousin, Kiddy Kong to help her in the rescue effort. DKC3 has all of the previous features from the first two games and adds more friendly animals, an all bear clan that populates the brand new world and stages, new items to collect,new enemies and a mini fetch quest for items that help you get to other parts of the world. There are plenty of secrets here so be sure to beat all the stages and find all the items to access the hidden world and hidden boss as well. The game has up to three slots to save your progress and it's done exactly like in the previous entries of the series.The PROS: Rare still manages to pump out a fun game and everything works. While it's still more of the same experience, it's still worth doing it again. The new world is viewed from an overhead perspective and gives a preview to the gorgeous graphics and subtle effects. The music is all new and sets the mood while the controls are exactly same as they have been with DKC and DKC2. The game is pretty hard so it will take you awhile to find all the secrets.The CONS: By now, some people may feel the "been there, done that" feeling as you'll be doing the same thing (beating enemies, collecting items, finding secrets.) This game doesn't bring anything new so you better be okay with that. Otherwise, you'll get bored pretty fast.And so the DKC trilogy ended with this underrated gem as it was the least liked of the three. Rare would go on to make bigger and better games on the Nintendo 64 and they will always be remembered for the contributions they made during the SNES era. If you've played through Donkey Kong Country 1 and 2, then you already played this game. If you haven't done so, track down a used copy or get yourself a Wii and download it from the Virtual Console service for 800 points ($8.00.) Long live, DKC trilogy!!!
While the graphics are beautiful and some of the gameplay new, there isn't much here that you haven't already seen.  Some of the levels were quite innovative and fun, yet others were just more of what was in the second game in the series.  While this game is great, the second is vastly superior in quality and originality, and I would recomend you play that first.
Great I love it. The game is cool they sould make the game harder and have more boss's than before. If you have not play the game you sould because the game is any other game that I play before in year's. I have two games of (Zelda) there are (The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time) and (The Legend of Zelda  Majora's Mask) there are a great game you sould go and buy it and play it yourself. The game is fun you get to go places like under water on top of a mountain's and in cold caves inside a big fish and forest's ocean's rocky mountain's and graveyard's. nd saveing the world in the nick of time from evil king Ganondorf and stop evil monsters in each dungeon in the game. and saveing the world again... Now go play the game.PS. play (The Legend of Zelda: A link to the past) that's a good one too.
Even without being part of the Zelda series, this game is a lot of fun. If you've played 'Link's Awakening' on the Gameboy, you will see that this game is very reminiscent of that one. You gain one special item in each successive Palace - something that has not changed as far as I know, fight bosses, and navigate your way through progressively more difficult dungeons/lairs. The nice thing is that this game provides a lot of backdrop compared to older installments of Zelda, and the graphics were really nice for that time, and still are today.There are a couple of parts of this game that are frustrating, but overall this game is really solid, and I've enjoyed it. If you're a Zelda fan, definitely check it out.
Because at the time, no other game dazzled players like this one did! It was innovative with the flying cape tricks you could pull off and the music was sensational. Going to each castle was fun too and beating the pants off of the Koopa Kids was fun as heck.I'm not sure that this game would get much play time from me now though, because I played it OUT when it was out and after that! But for those who have played it too, I'm sure you agree that this game was wonderful and still is. :P4.5 stars.
With a save feature, this game is just awesome. Since there's a hundred ways to 'exit', with some levels having two exits, interesting powers, new abilities, and great graphics, this is a game that just can't be beat. With the save, you can play for as long as you like. Riding Yoshi really is a lot of fun at times, though it's disconcerting and frustrating if you're riding along smoothly and an enemy strikes you, causing Yoshi to run off. The levels are rich and complex, and there's some cool shortcuts and features you can activate. I found the shortcuts, but still went through each level to get 100 percent, because if you do, you get to play in an all-new secret bonus world. How nice is that? If you're ever going to play a Mario game, try this. Heck, I like this better than Mario 64!
This is Super Nintendo's best work yet!! Mario is back and ready for action, look out Bowser!!!
As the original pack-in game for the Super Nintendo, this is a worthy successor to the Super Mario series! It expands the Super Mario universe without sacrificing the fun or addicting gameplay. In addition to improved graphics, Mario has new moves including the ability to throw turtles, fly, and ride around on a little green dinosaur named Yoshi (his first appearance in the video game!). The world itself is huge compared to previous Mario games, with a nice variety of settings including Haunted Houses. A battery backup lets you save up to four games. This game should be standard issue for all Super Nintendo owners.
THIS IS ONE OF THE MORE EXPENSIVE SNES BUT I DON'T PLAY IT THAT MUCH IT'S KINDA BORING,,,IT'S REALLY GOOD FOR 20 YRS AGO THO FOSHO
Mega Man X (1993). The first part of a seven episode spin-off series, and the first one to appear on the Super Nintendo.By the time 1993 came around, the NES was almost dead and everyone's favorite series' of games had to be ported over to the then-next-generation system, the SNES. Many companies pulled it off quite nicely with new-port sequels of games like Mario, Castlevania, Metroid, and others. Obviously, Capcom heeded the calls of their devoted fans and decided to give their most successful series an innovative upgrade, and a new darker look. Thus the Mega Man X series was created. Although a bit cartoony looking (compared to say, X3 and X4), it took the MM series to a whole new level in terms of story, gameplay, and features. Well, here's my synopsis:PROS:-COMPLETELY ORIGINAL IDEAS. Most every X game hereafter would re-use this game's general formula of "find the armor, beat the bosses". The biggest difference gameplay-wise from the original series is the armor feature. By collecting parts of it, X becomes more able to take on the levels and the bosses (the levels themselves were designed with the dash feature in mind).-The idea for the "power/animal" bosses is alot more clever and original than the repetitive "power/man" type bosses used in the older games. For instance, Storm Eagle sounds quite a bit more threatening than say, ... Bright Man.-GOOD MUSIC IMPROVEMENT. Well, the old games had good tunes, but these sound more like upbeat hard rock in terms of quality, than the buzzing NES midi. The loud sound effects are especially fitting for an action game like this.-STORYWISE, A NICE CONNECTION TO THE ORIGINAL SERIES. It starts out with X being built by Dr. Light. He is very unsure about his new prototype model, so in order to make sure all of X's systems will function properly, he (X) must be locked in a capsule for about thirty years. Light realized that he won't be alive when X awakens, so he buries X for another scientist to find. 30 years later, Dr. Cain finds X and starts to build numerous creations based off of X's design. One of them, Sigma, goes haywire and threatens to destroy all of mankind, so X is sent to stop him. I won't spoil the rest.-Great balance of gameplay. The action is tough, but not too hard to the point of impossibility. There is plenty to shoot at, and enough great weapons to do so with. I like the new idea of CHARGING UP BOSS WEAPONS. At the cost of more w-energy, a little flame attack can turn into a giant wave of flame pillars. Simply a phenominal idea.-I LOVE THE IDEA OF BEATING A STAGE IN ORDER TO ALTER ANOTHER ONE. For instance, if Chill Penguin is destroyed, then all the lava in Flame Mammoth's stage will freeze, enabling X to make it through the stage easier and to obtain more powerups. Sadly, this idea was completely ignored for the next 4 sequels until X6, where it returned in the form of a crudely put together Nightmare system.CONS:-This is the first MMX game, and it shows. Many ideas haven't  been brought to their full potential yet, which would happen later in the next few games. A perfect example of this is the ram-helmet upgrade. There is one place where you can use it, but otherwise it's only function is to make X look more fancy. LIKE I SAID, THIS WILL IMPROVE IN THE UPCOMING SEQUELS.-The levels are decently designed and reasonably long, but like X4, there are hardly any extras to find (however, this IS the first game). Powerups are easy to find for the most part (the dash-boots upgrade IS DIRECTLY IN YOUR PATH). Still, there are more secrets to find here than in any other MM game up to that point.-Zero and Vile are introduced, but they don't really explain each of them here (Zero would be in X2, and Vile sort of would be in X3). The reason I complain about this is because originally, this was going to be the only game, and it would have been pointless to introduce close characters that wouldn't get a chance to evolve.All things said, I can't really find anything bad about this game. It's a great step up from the old series and has some of the best 2D action gameplay you will ever find on the SNES. Its only slight drawback comes from the fact that the X series is at its concept stage at this point, giving off ideas that will only continue to improve in the next several X games. This game gets 4 stars for good gameplay/sound/story/innovation, all put together into an overall great package. I heartily recommend this game to beginners of the series. Many long-time fans find this to be their all-time favorite X game. While it's certainly not my favorite, it does everything that an oldschool 2D action game should do: deliver pure nostalgic gaming bliss. Besides, isn't that all that MM games need in order to be good? If you haven't played this game yet, either you're too young to care, or you've been living in a hole for the past decade. In which case, go get yourself equipped with Time Stopper, and track down a copy of this game before they all disappear. You won't regret it.
Having enjoyed the original Rockman series (at least, 1-7), I decided to try the Mega Man X game recently, though I had been aware of MMX for years. This game is different than the original, but it has enough features in common with its predecessor that it is familiar and fun enough for longtime fans.Rather than '----' Man as the usual stage boss, the Robot Masters in the MMX series are generally modeled after animals but with many of the same abilities as the original bosses, such as lightning, fire, ice, shield, etc. Here you have such Bosses (referred to as Mavericks) as Chill Penguin, Flame Mammoth, Sting Chameleon, Launch Octopus and so on and so forth, the formula of which would last through the rest of the MMX series. You acquire weapons, and by exploring stages carefully, you can increase your Power Gauge and find other nifty little things that boost your stats.I have to admit that I miss Dr. Wily, he was such a fun game character, but this series is still a lot of fun.
This was Capcom's first Mega Man X game. For the most part they pulled it off nicely. Though you began the game normal you had to find four capsules, each one with an upgrade for your body. The leg part would let you dash short distances and jump further. The helmet part allowed you to break certain surfaces with your head. The body part allowed you to withstand twice as much damage. And the arm part let you charge your blaster to a fourth level of damage. Also, you begin this game with a very small life meter. You must find the heart tanks (one is in each of the eight stages) to make it larger. Instead of energy tanks, you now have sub tanks (which you must fill yourself (with surplus energy.)) Also, completing certain stages will alter others. If you beat Chill Penguin's stage, Flame Mammoth's fire factory will have frozen over. If you beat Storm Eagle's stage, the wreckage of his flying machine will destroy the electricity generation in Spark Mandrill's stage. If you beat Launch Octopus, the underground of Sting Chameleon's stage will flood. Being a totally new series, this takes place approximately 100 years after the most recent game in the classic Mega Man series.The story goes something like this: X, a new breed of robot who can think and make decisions on his own, was unearthed from the remains of an ancient laboratory by Dr. Cain. Fascinated by X, Cain produced his own series of these robots, ignoring the risks. Several of them became Mavericks and began disobeying human orders. To counter this, Cain built Maverick Hunter robots, led by the ultra-powerful Sigma. Unfortunately, after Sigma battled a mysterious red robot called ZERO, he too became a Maverick, bringing Cain's worst fears to life. Oddly enough, Zero went back to normal and joined X. Together they set out to destroy all of the Maverick bots. Unfortunately, Zero was destroyed in action, forcing X to continue alone. Once he ultimately stopped Sigma, he realized the battle was only beginning. It would be continued in future Mega Man X games.
Rare proved to be a worthy asset to Nintendo during the 90's and surprised everyone by bringing out the hit arcade game, Killer Instinct in 1994. It was an excellent alternative to the Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat games that dominated the arcade scene. While it did not have as many characters or stages as other fighting games, it made up for it with stunning graphics, excellent music, a roster of good characters and deep gameplay that made you want to master each character. Then in 1995, Rare released Killer Instinct for the SNES shocking and surprising gamers at the same time. And it was so close to the source material that it was such a marvelous achievement from Rare and Nintendo.Killer Instinct has a story in there that no one cared for so you just jump into the action. Pick a character and you'll see the line of characters you must fight one after the other. Each character has his/her/its own moves waiting to be discovered. The game gets you acquainted to a combo system where you can string together certain moves to start a combo chain. The longer the chain, the more you get to beat up the opponent and take off more energy. To make it interesting (and to stop players from over dominating matches), each character has a "combo breaker" move: a certain combo then when you execute after someone tries to chain a combo, that character breaks out of it and hits your opponent at the same time. When your opponent loses all of his/her energy, you get the chance to end the match by either knocking him/her off the stage or by doing an "end special": a special move that you execute to unleash a barrage of combo hits earning you an "ultra combo" (40 or more hits in a row.) If you take too long to finish your opponent, he/she comes back to life with a little bit of energy and is extra powerful. Alongside the main mode, you can get used to the controls in the practice mode, tweak the game setting in the options screen, take on another player in the 2 player VS mode and tournament mode, where up to 8 players can duke it by passing the controller around.The PROS: For Rare to bring this game to the SNES and have it turn out as good as what Capcom did to the home port of Street Fighter II a few years before, it was quite impressive. The core game, complete with all the characters, stages and moves is intact and inside the massive, black 32 megabit cartridge. The graphics, music, sound effects and game play are worth seeing in person. The controls are very responsive and it's just a matter of memorizing the moves before you learn how to play and get better. The game will become more difficult once you raise it so prepare to fight hard. Adding the extra modes means you can get all your friends in on the action making it a fun game to play. As an special treat, Rare included a bonus music CD of the game's soundtrack and remixed tracks exclusively for the SNES version.The CONS: Due to cartridge limitations, Rare had to make cuts here and there. You will see missing frames of animations, flat 2D settings instead of the original 3D look the stages had in the arcade version, graphics running on a lower resolution setting and the music tracks playing in the background of matches are instrumental compared to the arcade versions where you heard it with the lyrics spoken (hence the reason why the music CD was included???) These are just minor quips as it doesn't deter from the overall gaming experience.Killer Instinct was worth picking up back in 1995 and is still worth playing to this very day. Those of you who want to take a chance on this better find a used copy as this game is expensive to buy as a new product. So if you still got your SNES and it works, definitely check this out. And if you can, buy the soundtrack as well; it's pretty good.
For a 16 bit game, this rocks.  Interesting set of characters, phenominal graphics, and outstanding music once again proves why the SNES is one of the all time greatest systems.  As in controls this title utilizes every button available (9 total) to unleash incredible combos that makes this the fighting game to own.That is not to say that this game doesn't have it's flaws.  For example the difficulty is set (even on easy) to where a casual gamer just can't pick this up and play.  The training mode is lackluster, and combos are difficult to pull off.  Also despite how cool the music is, it doesn't always fit the area your fighing in.  However overall it works just fine.Looking at characters there is a nice variety.  You have cyborgs, ninjas, assassins, mutants, aliens, lycanthropies, and even a skeleton (who has the funniest ending).  No move is duplicated, each has their own set of specials and combos.  However the finishing taunt (won't spoil it) is a little dumb, and the finishers are OK at best.In the end Killer Instinct is a nice game to purchase, it will take a lot of practice to beat the final boss but it is so worth it if you win.
While this game was simple compared to future Mortal Kombat games, it served as a good precursor, much like the first installment of Final Fantasy, Mario Bros, Legend of Zelda, etc etc. So give it a try if you're a Mortal Kombat fan and get a taste of the old school!
I used to play the crap out of this in the arcades, spending crazy quarters on it! Once it was coming to home systems, I was like it's on!!!! I had both a Genesis & SNES. I chose to get it on Genesis first. Shortly after I got it for the Super too. MK has 7 characters: Scorpion,Liu Kang,Raiden,Sub-Zero,Kano,Johnny Cage & Sonya. Each have signiture/tradmark moves much like Street Fighter 2. And the characters also have their own fatalities, which you do after winning 2 rounds. Both versions (Sega & Nintendo) have pros and cons....Here's SNES'....Pros: The graphics are much more accurate to the arcade than the Genesis version.The sound is better & more clear/sharp than the Genesis version.It has all characters (as does Sega's)Cons: No bloodNo fatalities exact as the arcade versionThe controls aren't horrible, however, they feel a bit delayed or stiff.Overall it's still a fun game for the SNES & for the nostalgia of it. The game has obviously aged since it's release 20yrs ago. Still cool though....Best played with a friend or family member. I'd say this is worth picking up for farely cheap. MK2 is where SNES incorporated the blood and fatalities like the arcade.
There are points about this game that I both liked and disliked.Liked: Really nice graphics, duel weapons useage, bullet time, the creepy/action music score.Disliked: Long load times, having to turn left and right with the mouse (!?), some of the hoakey-sounding narations with the FMV sequences.I ran the demo on a PIII 800 with 128 RAM and a GF2. For the most part the graphics and audio were stable with only one momentary skip.I own another PC with PIII 850, 256 RAM, and an ATI Rage Mobility 128. I have yet to play the demo on this system, but all of my other graphics-intesnive games have played better on this machine than the other.If you are going to buy this game, I would hope you have a system with a semi-decent video card and lots of RAM. (256mb at least)
Having heard about *Payne* since my early Navy days, I went out to Fred Meyer&#65533;s electronic department last Tuesday and bought it. Over two long nights and part of Thursday afternoon, I beat it. Sucked in from the moment I saw the box art, I refused to escape this game. With few exceptions, four years of development show in *Max Payne*.Produced by 3D Realms, *Max Payne* is a third-person shoot through a noir-choked New York City. Finnish developer Remedy follows the standard set by Valve to immerse the game in an actual plot, bloody and surreal. We begin with our hero at the end of a vengeful rampage, and his reflections are the game. One fine American day, Detective Payne comes home in time to hear drug-crazed loonies shoot his wife and child. He hunts each intruder down, but too late. Payne joins his buddy Alex in the DEA. The killers had flown high on Valkyr, a new designer drug, and after three hard years the pair finally discovers the prime dealers&#65533;a debased and savage crime syndicate. But the break bursts bigger than anyone could imagine: hitmen ambush Max and Alex during a subway meeting. Max survives, but somebody out there is determined, powerful, and sadistic: Max is quickly framed for killing his own friend. As a terrible blizzard sets over New York, cold rage sets on Max. His enemies think he is trapped and helpless&#65533;they only free his trigger finger&#65533;As the player, I turn Payne&#65533;s predicament into an opportunity for revenge. But not all is grit and gloom. *Payne* parodies itself along the way, relieving its own pain through the medicine of laughter. Much of the story unfolds in a wonderfully dark and sour graphic novel. Frozen in pictures made to resemble watercolor panels, actors pose comically, goofy expressions across their faces. Voice acting accompanies the novel scenes with such delicious ham I wanted to eat it. As the voice of pain himself, James McCaffrey deadpans morbid metaphor after sanguine simile after killer comeback. After criticizing the insanity of a mob boss, Payne broods, &#65533;But who was I to talk&#65533;an underdog avenger alone against an empire of evil, out to right a grave injustice?&#65533; In the action itself, the player will stumble across nods to *Pulp Fiction*, *Die Hard*, *Lethal Weapon*, *Batman*, *The Punisher*, and *The Killer*. Foes scream hysterically as they die. And wisely borrowing from *No One Lives Forever*, Remedy peppers the game with the conversations of its guards, like &#65533;Why are vampire movies always set in LA? They can&#65533;t get a suntan!&#65533;All of this humor works against the very un-funny circumstance of Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome. One must actually play through Payne&#65533;s nightmares and hallucinations; the experience is as frightening as any horror movie. But filling the hole of a dead wife and child is a revenge-sodden plot, with the contrast between humor and horror keeping the atmosphere balanced.Play is balanced as much as plot. Every time the game is booted up, the player has the option of customizing performance: textures, decals, sounds and frames. The software is also apparently able to recognize when the player cuts through the opposition like Death&#65533;s scythe, and when the opposition crumples the player-scythe like tinfoil. The stamina and aim of everybody is accordingly adjusted. *Payne* provides no armor, but introduces a Sam Peckinpah-style slow motion to give the player a stunt edge. Named after a special effect in *The Matrix*, this &#65533;bullet time&#65533; allows Max to shoot and dodge in slow motion, but aim in real time. Speaking of bullets, *Payne* bristles with contemporary crime movie weapons, including: Ingram M11s, Beretta 92s, and sawed-off shotguns straight out of *The Untouchables*. No bazookas, BFGs, or similar and unnecessary anti-tank weapons exist. Each level is exotic, moody-- and yet realistic (a multilevel parking garage has fluorescent lights and white-washed walls straight out of Navy boot camp&#65533;ugh). *Payne&#65533;s* puzzles and mazes are simple, subtle, and justified&#65533; with snowstorms and mob wars keeping things in perspective.A proper perspective recognizes quirks as well as qualities. Despite four years to perfect it, a few noticeable flaws prevent *Max Payne* from receiving my five-star approval. Max can crouch, but he cannot creep&#65533;instead he automatically stands up and jogs. This makes things easier on the level designer, but harder on Max when he steps around a doorframe and gets shot in the face. Max also doesn&#65533;t climb anything other than stairs, which again benefits the designer more than Max. While Payne is obviously meant to be a lone-wolf, it would have added to the suspension-of-belief if the levels were populated with friendly New York bums, bartenders, and bus drivers hiding from the snow. Finally, some of the levels felt a lot like those in Raven&#65533;s *Soldier of Fortune*, but given the location, I think the similarities are unavoidable.Strangest of all to me is the content-line Remedy seems to have drawn for itself. No child should play Max Payne as it is, but the game is not nearly as explicit as many classics. The bloody chum found in *Quake*, *Half-Life*, and *Soldier of Fortune* puts Payne to shame. Swearing limits mostly to blasphemies, as *Payne* avoids words even network television slips in. While Max investigates houses, we see just one prostitute, and one gambler. *Duke Nukem 3D* has more pornography, foul language, and gore in the first two levels of the shareware version than all of *Payne*. The only illegal drug mentioned or seen is the fictional Valkyr.But I can easily understand if content is traded for style or performance (or both). Remedy&#65533;s *Max Payne* provides active and balanced story and game-play. Its faithful film-noir atmosphere makes the player imagine more grit than is actually shown. Only it&#65533;s neglect of a few basics prevent a full rating. Now if you&#65533;ll excuse me, I do believe its &#65533;bullet-time!" (groan).
This game is definetely today's leader in graphics and system requirements, and the developers finally put a decent story in an intense action game, but its gameplay is same old third person variant of the FPS only it is with one powerful addition: Bullet Time or slow motion, which adds more to it. Gamers may trigger it whenever they feel like it and it has its one sense of style and adds eye candy to already jaw-dropping graphics as well as it gives you advantage over your foes (which are just plain nasty to deal with because: 1.extremely beefy 2.might shoot through their allies to kill Max 3.very alert). Max can also shootdodge, that is leap sideways in slo-mo and shoot while keeping himself less likely to get hit by enemy bullets, in addition that he can just dodge bullets by jumping sideways. Yes, it took very long to finish this game and it is quite short, but in fact, most people (me too) get so addicted to games like Max Payne that they'll beat it in record time and start whining about its length right after they beat the last level. When it comes to multiplayer, to enlighten people who are guessing why Remedy did not include it, consider the &quot;slo-mo&quot;, because this is what this game is all about. If there was multiplayer, then imagine how you'd play with other human opponents, if one goes into slow motion, then all of them would, resulting horrible experience when some would go into slow motion without triggering it. That means that it could only be limited to 2 human players at once. When it comes to performance, the only necessary requirements for this game to run at optimum are 256 MB RAM and a 64 MB video card (I would recommend NVIDIA's Geforce cards). The game's textures take up lots of memory especially when running at 32-bit texture color depth and at high level of texture quality and sharpness. 1 ghz CPU will be more than enough for this game.
Max Payne is a third person game with a fantastic single player gameplay but no multiplayer gameplay. It has an average plot, ground breaking graphics and lots of comic book type animated cutsences. It supports two video modes "Direct3D Hardware T&L;" and "Direct3D Software T&L;". Set in New York City, Max Payne is a cop who goes undercover to seek revenge against the gangsters who killed his wife and daughter, His cover is blown and is framed for murder with cops and gangsters after him. The game ends with a great climax action which will do any hollywood movie proud. What's unrealistic is Max is a cop fighting against drugs but he uses pain killers to cure his injuries. I played on the Direct3D hardware T&L; and the game runs very smooth. The graphics are fantastic, The charecters and world look real, Though not many different colours. The world detail is superb, You could turn on the tv, shoot it and watch it explode. The sound recording is very good and loud. The music which plays during the action sences is superb. Load times are very good, The quick saving and quick loading are very quick.Max Payne's level design is superb, They are very well done, In one level you need to chase a gangster jumping from the cities roof top to roof top and finally jumping on a moving train. Mp is a short game but the length is just right. The selection of weapons are very good but some of them are very dissapointing, Grenades and molktov cocktail for example, It is quite hard to through grendes. Colt commando is my favorite. Max Paynes gameplay is pre half-life, But still the action gameplay is superb and very thrilling. The problems in the game are it is shipped without a multiplayer and initially it has only one difficulty, other three difficulties can be unlocked only if you finish the first, They are both very bad decisions. It has got loads of annoying cutsences, cutsence of the sniper bullet charging to the target is cool, but others are very annoying and take the controls from the player. It is also quite hard as max cant take much damage. Third person perspective is always a bad choice for action games like this, But its third person view is quite good but it does not support the turn left and turn right key for the keyboard, You could turn only with the mouse. Max Payne is not a ground breaking title in gameplay but it is a very good pre half-life kind of game with better graphics and bullet time. If you like pre half-life games (not many puzzles, shoot everything that moves, Bad AI) then you will really love Max Payne.
This game is great, everything about it is refined to perfection, making it the best game about picking up guns and shooting people. I can't believe some people are saying that the ps2 controls are better that these controls. You aim with the mouse, not the arrow keys, Sheesh. Some may say the gameplay is not varied enough, but for some reason, it keeps pushing you to get to the end. The only problem I have with the game is the AI, the baddies are sometimes horribly stupid. They will shoot each other, throw grenades into walls, and shoot at walls. Maybe it is to make the game more like a action movie, but I wanted to see the mercenaries you fight later in the game have some real attack strategies.My advice to you: go get the pc version rather than the ps2 version, it has better graphics, more responsive controls, you can save anywhere you want, and you can take advantage of the vibrant mod community.
This is the first F-zero game made and it is very fun. The graphics r pretty good but there are not very many colors. They use white and grey allot but the cars r just plain colors like red, blue, yellow, and orange. The sound is awsome and the music is catchy. I love racing games and this one is awsome. The bad thing about this game is the controls r hard and u fly off the track too eaisly. I like the newer ones better because of the graphics but i have to remember that this is the first one and its for the snes. Good racing game.
you are just the mario characters in a wild world of the most awesome go-kart tracks in the universe!you can get all sorts of power ups that can be used as weopons or traps on the other players.it NEVER gets old,so play on and on and on and .....
I can't remember the first time I played this game. 95? 96? Gee, it was so long ago. I do remember staying up one New Years' Eve (can't remember what year) with friends and playing this along with Super Mario World while the grownups were downstairs drinking and celebrating. This game might be a bit clunky compared to Mariokart 64, but the SNES version is still a solid game on its own, and was a good precursor to the 64 version.This game is not much different from the 64 version plotwise, but of course, the controls and graphics are limited. But hey, I can't really complain. Overall, this game was well-designed and did very good within the limitations of the SNES system. Two thumbs up!
This game started the Kart series and many of its features are still staples in the Mario Kart games made today. The game can be played one or two players and includes single races, GPs, and a battle mode. Even during racing modes, items can be picked up and used to boost your kart or attack your enemies.
It's unbelievable to me how many perfect or near-perfect scores Super Metroid has received from game players all across the internet.  To this day, gamers STILL have the time of their lives running, blasting and spin attacking their way through each and every area of the planet to reach the final stage and face the evil Mother Brain.Now, I'll be the first to admit that this game had me totally floored back in 1994 (which led to me spending an ENTIRE summer playing the game, much to my mother's displeasure) but I'm afraid over time I've began to notice a few small problems that make it very hard for me to give the game a perfect grade.  Keep in mind I think Super Metroid is still, after all these years, one of the best adventure/shooters ever made, but I can't give in to childhood memories and whip out a 5-star rating.  Sorry!  One problem is the challenge.  This game is incredibly easy.  I can't believe so many people find it difficult to progress through the game.  Come on, those nasty space pirates you fight in the beginning part of the game only require ONE hit to defeat!  It's funny how something so nasty-looking can be defeated so easily!And the easiness doesn't stop there- throughout the game you encounter simple enemy after simple enemy.  It's a shame, because one of the most important things about the Metroid series should be the challenge, and when you take that away you're left with a game that feels like it's intended for 5 year olds.  I just wish it was like the original Metroid in that each enemy you walk up to requires a good four or five shots to completely destroy.  Shooting and killing them with only one shot is ridiculous, especially when you consider that the weapon you're using to defeat them is just your regular blaster and not some kind of special upgrade.  It also drives me crazy how every enemy you defeat seems to conveniently leave you a purple energy ball, and most of the time you will receive the BIG energy ball, and as you probably know the big ball is the one that recovers more of your health.  Nintendo made the game so you can't lose, basically.My only guess is that this "challenge" gamers frequently speak of is the difficulty in finding all the weapons and other important items because, to be fair, MANY of the weapons and items in Super Metroid are hidden quite well.  Without a walkthrough it's easy to miss something, even if you walk past the same area a hundred times.  This is where your weapons, such as the power bomb, come in handy.  Many of the secret areas throughout the planet require a power bomb to break through sections of a wall, and some of these places are where you least expect, because many times there's no sign something is hidden.I've heard other complaints about this game.  Granted, they're not popular complaints (and only a small amount of people actually believe them).  But I happen to be one of those people, and the complaint I'm speaking of is the lack of enemies throughout the planet.  Many times you find yourself walking across boring empty areas, desperately searching for something to shoot.  An example would be walking from the spaceship all the way to the Wrecked Ship area.  On your way you only see a couple enemies around, and if you ask me there should be a LOT more.  To be fair, again, this isn't a major complaint, but the more you play the game the more you notice things like this, and in the end you wish more weird-looking creatures or space pirates were around so you'd have something to shoot as you walk to the next area.  I guess this is probably just me complaining about "never having enough".  Well, tough.  This is how I am, so you mine as well get used to it. :)The graphics are phenomenal, which is one HUGE positive with Super Metroid.  You've heard countless times someone refer to something as "unique" and you're probably getting sick and tired of it.  Well, in this case, the graphics ARE totally unique, because I can't think of another game out there that shares the kind of graphics featured in this game.  I can understand people who aren't comfortable with the music in Super Metroid and find it disturbing.  Just imagine how freaky the music was for me back in 1994 when a game like this was the first of its kind!Anyway, the one thing that makes this a must-own game and near classic is the long, gigantic maze of a planet you need to explore.  Yes, despite the lack of challenge from the planet enemies (ALL of them) and the emptiness of much of the world, exploring each new room CAN be a lot of fun.  You'll want to keep searching until you discover every little missile or energy tank available, and that is what a good adventure game should do.One thing that IS hard is the wall jump technique, which has a tendency to baffle many people.  You see, you have to jump near a wall and press certain buttons on the controller at just the right moment, and you will bounce off the wall (any wall) and repeatedly bounce in an upward direction.  If your timing is off just a *little* you won't be able to make the move happen, and Samus will fall straight down (not that falling down kills you instantly, unless you land on spikes and stay there).  Some gamers can't master the wall jump, while others become really good at it and think it's a nifty way to grab hard-to-reach items early in the game.  I think if you practice enough eventually you WILL be good at it.  It is tricky, though.  But when you finally get the hang of it, you'll find out how useful it is. I should also mention that the wall jump technique is NOT a requirement (except in one area).  It's just a trick to learn if you feel like it.I can't think of anything else to talk about... oh wait, yes, those big ugly nasty bosses you have to fight are SO COOL!  Kraid, as you've read by now, is a drastic improvement over his appearance in the original NES Metroid because now he takes up TWO SCREENS!  Back in the day this was known as the coolest thing ever.  Unfortunately, to bring back a complaint from early in my review, Kraid can be defeated by using only a few super missiles.  Once again, this is making the game too darn EASY and Nintendo should have made Kraid, along with the rest of the bosses, harder to defeat.  They should have made Kraid like in the original Metroid, where you were required to waste a LOT of regular missiles in order to defeat him.  I love fighting that octopus-looking thing in the Wrecked Ship level.  That thing is cool.  Ridley is awesome and packs a mean punch.  He's my favorite boss battle because it's all about power versus power.  The Mother Brain is an absolute JOKE to fight.  Even if you only manage to find 100 missles (there's 230 of them total) she's STILL a simple boss fight, and this includes BOTH her incarnations. Heck, in her second form when she changes into something bigger and badder, she's actually easier!The different areas of the planet are beautifully designed, too.  I especially think Norfair, even though it's creepy and covered in fire, is a cool looking area featuring some of the scariest looking monsters and the sweetest background graphics in the game.  Maridia, the underwater stage, is another very nice looking place filled with fish and other creatures, some of which live in the sand.  I'm a little disappointed Tourian has only 15 Metroids for you to freeze and destroy, which is unlike the original Metroid where you had to face 30 of them or so.Even though it seems I am somewhat putting the game down, I think it's a wonderful, addicting game, and it comes very close to being one of the very best shooters ever. I believe if Nintendo had worked on the challenge I would have given the game a higher score.  You should buy it.
When someone insults a next-generation video game's graphics with something like, &quot;It could have easily been done on SNES,&quot; she or he may not remember Donkey Kong Country. Even on on X-Box, GameCube, PS2, or that Phantom thingy, the graphics on this baby are no insult. The CG resolution is crystal-clear and the animation in unparalelled. The rain fits perfectly and the transition of weather is flawless. The music isn't bad either . . . it's great, from Funky Kong's theme and the water stages to Candy's lovable romance beat and the final battle with King K. Rool. Both graphics and sound really push the SNES to its limits.As for the gameplay, that's great too. The difficulty can challenge and even frustrate you, but you'll be coming back for more. If I have to say anything bad about the game, Dixie Kong is not here yet and there are no digitized voices. There are grunts and cries, but no actual words.
This game made good use of SNES' graphic ability, making this game fun and enjoyable, with a rich variety of levels to explore. This is your basic side-scrolling game, as Donkey Kong has to make his way through levels and defeat baddies. The levels are varied enough to not be repetitive, and this is an overall decent game for the SNES.
The platforming can certainly get annoying at times but overall, Donkey Kong Country is one of those classic games that you simply must play if you call yourself a gamer.
Unfortunately, I never got to own this game growing up when I had my Super Nintendo. My friend had it and I borrowed it once or twice and rented it. During the short sessions that I got to play it, I LOVED IT! It was so so fun, the mine carts were amazingly thrilling and the overall games presentation was just superb. I'm really bummed that I didn't get to own it, because it was awesome.
It's hard to rate a game like Donkey Kong Country, which sold chiefly on the novelty of its computer-rendered graphics back in 1994. There's still a solid platforming design underneath the flash, but it's a pretty easy romp compared to Nintendo's Mario titles. This is especially appearant now that the game is over a decade old(!) and the flash no longer holds up as well on the GBA port.Still Rareware really did an excellent job, and their success here propelled the company to a strong supporting role on the Nintendo 64. Gameplay is on the easy side, but the levels are still a blast to play through. There are lots of varied environments and things to see, with no dull moments in sight. A fitting memorable soundtrack adds to the experience. Plus, Donkey Kong Country revitalized one of Nintendo's dormant characters, taking him from a pixelated barrel-throwing ape to a rendered, barrel-throwing ape with attitude.Overall there's a great experience here, just one that's a bit on the easy side. The two sequels ramp up the difficulty level considerably, and together the games form a fine trilogy on the SNES.
There is no question that &#34;Donkey Kong Country&#34; is one of the best adventure games ever created on any platform.  It was easily better than any Mario game the SNES put out and really raised the bar for what side-scrolling games could do.  One can have hours of fun immersed in the DK world.  The only problem?  Hours of gnashed teeth will also be spent re-beating levels because of the stupid saving mechanism.The best part of the &#34;DK Country&#34; experience is that it is so unique.  It was kind of like playing a Mario game...but with new challenges and characters.  I liked how Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong both had unique abilities better suited for certain situations, making you (the gamer) figure out when to use each character.  The game is also quite challenging, but not to the breaking point.  After enough practice, most levels can be beaten before the hair-pulling stage.  It terms of gameplay and presentation, this is a 5-star effort all the way.The HUGE negative?  Having to beat multiple levels before being able to save a game.  Now, I realize that I have reviewed many NES games and never complained about the saving, but that was because the NES technology just did not allow for &#34;anytime saving&#34;.  By the time the SNES came around, though, one could have saved the game after every level.  However, the game designers decided to make you &#34;earn&#34; save points by beating a number of levels at a time.  In the beginning this is fine, as you whip through the levels and pile up the bananas/balloons without hardly a second thought.  Once you get to the ice-levels stage, though, the game requires you to beat 4-5 extremely difficult levels before saving is possible.  By this time in the game, the player is operating on more like a 4-5 turn basis per lifespan.  I realize the &#34;collecting bananas and trying to get specials&#34; argument for racking up multiple lives, but that isn't why I wanted to play the game.  I just want to beat each level and move onto the next without all the &#34;monkey business&#34; (pardon the pun).  This issue decreases the whole experience for me by an entire star.Thus, &#34;Donkey Kong Country&#34; is a classic in the canon of video game adventures.  A very frustrating save mechanism does put a damper on the experience for all but the experts, but overall it is still a fun game.
Yoshi's Island would be my Mario sidescroller of choice if I had to pick one to play single player. While there is no two player option, this title offers some very fun and colorful levels for Yoshi to explore while protecting a baby Mario. A level completion percentage challenges players to replay levels and rewards them with challenging bonus stages for getting enough 100% completions.
If I had one complaint about the first DKC game, it was that the game is too easy. This sequil obviously solves that problem. This game is brutally hard!The graphics and music are top notch, thanks to RARE and Nintendo's ability to extract the most from the SNES's capabilities. Even by today's standards, these games are well above average.DKC2 is very similar to the first one, with the exception of longer levils, more enemies, more secrets, and tougher bosses. The challenge is definitely worth it, since it will take even the most avid gamer (which I am not) a good length of time to complete it.Well worth it. If you can get it, grab it.
The original &#34;Donkey Kong Country&#34; game was such a success that it pretty much usurped Mario on the SNES console for the title of &#34;best side-scrolling adventure&#34;.  This sequel, &#34;Diddy's Kong Quest&#34;, however, manages to even improve upon the gameplay of its predecessor and make for an even better gaming experience.There are two main reasons why this game is better than the original:1. The level designs manage to be even more interesting.  Not that the levels in &#34;DK1&#34; were bad, by any means, but they are just more interesting in this effort.  When I think back to the iconic levels in this series, I'm usually thinking of ones from this game.2. Dixie Kong is a better playable character than Donkey Kong.  The main trouble with the DK/Diddy combo of part one is that DK is such a sluggish character.  He &#34;gets the job done&#34;, but only passably for a game that requires so much jumping.  In that game, Diddy is the much better character.  In part two, though, the Diddy/Dixie combination are pretty much equals.  Diddy is still a bit more agile and nimble to work with, but the hair of Dixie (used for flying and throwing) makes her very valuable as well.The only reason I can't give this game the full five stars?  It doesn't let you save after every level.  I know, I know...gamers weren't used to that feature like they are now.  But it still doesn't make it any better (at least for me).  After about the second stage, the levels in this game get quite difficult.  Difficult to the point of the gamer feeling a real accomplishment after completing a level (which of course is the point!).  Yet, there is a clunky system of gathering coins in order to save (and even then it is only after you reach the &#34;save point&#34; in each stage).  You may have to beat 3-4 VERY difficult stages (often with only a few lives to work with) in order to save your progress.  I don't care what the &#34;times&#34; were like...that makes for more frustration and less fun.Overall, though, &#34;Diddy's Kong Quest&#34; manages to slide in slightly ahead of its predecessor (no easy feat).  I always had a bit more fun playing this game than the first one.
Three things we never thought we'd see in a Mario game:1. Mario in an RPG2. Mario and Bowser on the same team3. Link in the same gameWe never thought we'd see the day that any of these would happen, but they did!  The story goes that Star Road (introduced in Super Mario World) is destroyed by Smithy, a new enemy from another dimension.  Now, the world is in peril, and only Mario, Bowser, Princess Peach Toadstool, and two new heroes, Mallow, and Geno, can possibly save Star Road.  Mario goes beyond the Mushroom Kingdom to meet new people and explore new places.  My favorite by far is Nimbus Land, a kindom in the clouds.  The play is great, and the moves are really cool, especially Geno's moves.  The only downside is that the item menu is extremely limited.  There are only about 50 slots, instead of the usually never-ending.  Oh well, them's the brakes.  This game had some of the best graphics on SNES, and it has one of the best stories, second to Chrono Trigger.P.S.The third item on the list has to do with a brief cameo.  In the Rose Town Inn, you can see Link sleeping in one of the beds.
The game is designed exceptionally well for an rpg the story line is engages you, the battles aren't super repeative some enemies have super powered moves you don't expect.  Plus you can only carry a limited amount of items.  The major down fall to this game is it's always been expensive 50 or 60 dollars when it first came out.  Now you can get it used for like 40 but people can beat the game in 4 hours if you really rush it and most can in under 10 hours.  Aside from that this is a rare that you will actually want to get into battles to look at the great graphics.  Plus the expected funny and challanging events make it fun as well.  A good game but maybe not worth the price, wish it were longer.
I've played nearly every Squaresoft game for the SNES . . . I've played nearly every Mario game. Is this game the best game ever made. Definitely not! If this is your first RPG, well, okay, then maybe I can see why it appealed to you. But stacked against Final Fantasy 6 or Chrono Trigger? No competition. Well, let's get into the nitty gritty of this review, shall we? GRAPHICS: Admittedly, the graphics in this game are REALLY good, but they are not the SNES at its absolute best. SOUND/MUSIC: Goodness! It's been so long since I've played. Let me put it this way: I don't remember ANY specific tunes from this game. I'm sure the music was fitting, though. CHARACTERS: Like many have said, the ability to have Bowser in your party was just downright awesome. But then I can't help but wonder about this? Where's Luigi? They have this Geno guy, but they don't have Luigi. However, Frogfucius was really cool because I liked his name. But the one group of characters that I DIDN'T like were those silly Mighty Morphin Power Ranger look-alikes. I guess they were low on ideas that day or something. STORYLINE: You start in the 12 o'clock position on the world map and work your way clockwise, edging ever closer to this awesome looking sword that has a face built into it. You go down pipes, find old and new friends, fight evil, go to weddings, etc. BATTLE SYSTEM: Not too different from other Squaresoft RPG's--it's turn-based. Each character has a different weapon and special abilities. OVERALL: Only Squaresoft could have made this game what it was--any other company would have botched it up. If you want a fun RPG with variety and--most of all--Mario, then this is not a bad game. Gamers who like the Final Fantasy series MIGHT feel a little let down though.
Super Mario RPG is a somewhat overrated game that's very fun to play. Calling it the best game on the system is pretty dumb, though, because Mario World beats all the other games. The combat system isn't perfect, with a few minor flaws and one major flaw: guarding against enemies is a pain to deal with! The timing for guarding is difficult to learn and sometimes seems impossible. The minor flaws are in the menu. It's not quite as good as what you see in later Mario RPG's. Also, I don't see why people think the story and characters are so great. Paper Mario 2 did way better in that category. I thought the way the characters were portrayed was annoying. The story line is just a little bit insulting to the Mario series too, just a little bit. Other than those things, it's a great big adventure that will keep you busy and entertain even the least patient (as in getting bored with a game as quickly as possible) people for at least two weeks.Presentation- 72/100Gets the job done, but it's not impressive.Graphics- 93/100Sound- 80.5/100It's great, and it would've gotten a 92/100 if it weren't so repetitive!Gameplay- 84.5/100Replay Value- 94/100It won't be long before you play it again.Overall- 86/100
Hands down, this is a wildly fun and unique Mario game. Of course, it's filled with all the essential elements - Goombas, gold question-mark boxes, Fire Flowers, pipes, and the like, but it's very different from other Mario games. To be honest, I like this game a whole lot better than Mario 64.It was cool having Bowser Koopa on my side for once, as well as two new characters (Geno and Mallow) I was disappointed that Luigi wasn't part of the game, but having Peach as a playable character's cool. Everyone has nice attacks, and I liked playing with all of them - I was often switching between characters because none of them were really weak (unlike other games where some characters are practically useless) and the storyline itself is unique and interesting. The game length was also good, you have all of these quests (and side-quests) to explore, along with quite a few bonus quests (which turn up a few cool and rare items). Overall this really is a lot of fun, and gets 4.5/5 stars from me. Enjoy!
Sonic's days of glory may have ended when he tried to go 3D, but his Genesis adventures are among gaming's most memorable. In the usual classic Sonic formula you run at a high rate of speed at a 2D view in wonderfully detailed environments. The graphics look nice, which shouldn't be a surprise to any 16-bit fan. The controls work great and the sense of speed is awesome. Even though he doesn't have any teammates like in the sequel, you'll still have a great time playing as Sonic as you speed through the levels and solve some interesting puzzles to get past obstacles. There is no reason you should hate Sonic's Genesis adventures because they are still classic, and a lot of fun to play no matter how old you are as a gamer. If you like the retro oldies this game is a definite must-have for any retro fan. Why not higher than an 8.5 rating? The camera. The game's camera sometimes has a hard time trying to keep up with you, which will undoubtedly get you some cheap deaths unfortunately. But this game is hardly flawed, and is too much fun to really pick at.
great game. I was always more of a Mario guy, but still a classic. I bought this due to it being the only game my wife said she would play.... she didn't, but that didn't stop me
Sonic The Hedgehog(1991). The first official Sonic game on the Genesis.Most people who have lived around the time that this classic came out remember back in the early 90s when gamers everywhere held tightly onto their NES's and shouted "Mario! Mario!" all over the world... Okay, maybe not, but that's how the one SMB3 commercial went anyway. So it seemed that with the (then)recent release of SMB3, the plumber would always dominate 2D platforming... or would he? The Sega Genesis had been out for a couple of years by this point, and while there were many classics, no mascot was there to stand up to all the koopa troopas and toadstools of the big N. Enter Yugi Naka and crew to come up with the true origin of the battle between the 16-bit giants Nintendo and Sega: the creation of Sonic The Hedgehog.So what does this new blue hero in red shoes have to offer that a fat mushroom-eating plumber doesn't? Well for one, Sonic is FAST. Not nearly as much as in any of the sequels, but for 1991, this kind of speedy sidescrolling gameplay was unheard of, and drew many crowds. I remember being taken by storm when my cousin first bought a Sega with the original Sonic game. It brings back so many memories of middle childhood. The gameplay is rather basic, with only a run, jump, and spin attack to combat the levels, but really that's all you need here. For new gamers that have just started playing the recent Sonic games, THIS is the game that introduced rings, TV Powerups, loops, animal-freeing, chaos emeralds, instant-death spikes, Dr. Robotnik, underwater drowning, bumpers, catapults, springs, and the Green Hill Zone. Plus, the game is divided into different zones, and within each zone are several acts, which are merely just stages. With all that it has going for it, how does it measure up to its sequels? Let's look at the pros and cons:PROS:-While the SNES probably had better graphics, color palettes, and scaling effects, I still have yet to see a SNES game with as smooth of the gameplay framerate as any Genesis Sonic title (I'm talking about normal in-game play that's NOT a special FX chip or anything like that).-NICE BALANCE OF DIFFICULTY. The first few zones aren't too difficult to get the hang of, though once you reach the Labyrinth Zone, it does jump quite a bit.-LARGE NON-LINEAR STAGES. Although the sequels get a lot better at this (especially Sonic 3), these zones all have original and varying environmental themes and seem just the right length for the pace that the platforming has set. It lets you speed through most of them in little time, and also lets you explore their depths as well.-And speaking of stages, this one of the FEW Sonic games with three acts per zone as opposed to two.-CHAOS EMERALD COLLECTING GIVES THE GAME SOME REPLAY VALUE. In the Mario games, you could collect all the secret powerups in the game, but the ending would never change. Not so with Sonic. If you manage to collect 50 rings and reach the end of a stage, you can jump through a giant ring and tackle a special stage to collect one of six chaos emeralds, which if acquired, enables a better ending.-GREAT VARIETY OF ENEMIES. A lot of the robots you fight here are classic staples of the series, such as the crab, hornet, and caterpillar. The bosses are rather interesting as well.-I can't end the pros without mentioning that this game has AN EXCELLENT SOUNDTRACK. The Greenhill Zone, Scrap Brain Zone, and title themes especially WILL get stuck in your head (Thankfully all are memorably good!).CONS-The TIMER for each stage can be an annoyance for those who like to explore the levels. It's usually only useful for getting points in beating the levels fast, but you will ALWAYS die whenever the clock hits 10 minutes.-Since the speed dash ability isn't here yet, the game will seem a bit slower-paced than all the others. Just to warn any newcomers.-The SPECIAL STAGES ARE TOUGH FOR MOST PEOPLE. I'm not complaining so much because I enjoy a good challenge, but for the sake of beginners it's waaaaay too simple to lose in the special stages. Interestingly enough, it becomes a mini-game in Sonic & Knuckles, a few years down the road.-THE INSTANT DEATH SPIKES!! I guess the programmers of the original Mega Man game got together with the Sonic team here because what both games have in common is the way their spikes kill the player even while they're flashing.-NO CHARACTERS AND VERY LITTLE STORY. Tails wouldn't show up til the sequel, Knuckles and Amy Rose were down the road a bit, and everyone else was just a thought. So that leaves just Sonic and Dr. Robotnik. The plot basically boils down to:"The animals have been captured by Dr. Robotnik. Sonic is here to rescue them." That's it. Supposedly, I heard that the Death Egg ship was being built during this game's timeline, but it was never officially mentioned, so I'll consider it separate from the Sonic 2, Sonic 3, and S&K; continuous stories.Other than that, Sonic 1 is a classic Sega staple. Pure and simple. It's a 5 star game in comparison to other platformers, but I'm just giving it 4 stars when standing up to the other games in the series. So if you have an old Genesis, or if you bought the Sonic Mega Collection, and if you happen to be a fan of the games, DON'T SKIP OUT ON THIS ONE! It made the series what it is today, and serves as important history for video games. PLAY IT NOW!
The game that started it all... ahh, sweet nostalgia.I first played this at a neighbor's house, and wanted to go back just so I could play Sonic the Hedgehog. It's not as elaborate or well-established as future games (though it contains many basic elements like golden rings and the Sonic Spinball), but like Final Fantasy 1 or Super Mario Brothers 1, this is a classic old game which started off a wonderful series. Not to be missed.
The classes that you can use are (excluding "special" classes such as Engineer or Holy Knight [one of my favorites]) Squire, Chemist, Knight, Archer, Priest, Wizard, Summoner, Ninja, Geomancer, Mediator, Mime, Calculator, Dancer, Samurai, Bard, Time Mage and Monk. If I didn't get them all, feel free to add! Remember, I only listed the MAIN classes, not the special ones.The gameplay is a very strong point in the game. You fight monsters, humans or a mixture of both on a field of squares that you move from one to the next. It's somewhat time consuming going through the menus to battle, but really, if you're into strategy RPGs, you're used to this. I will mention one thing: I've found myself falling asleep to this game because the battles were slow. Not that this should detract you from buying this excellent game.The story is seriously the strongest point in the game. You are in a huge place called Ivalice and you travel from town to town occasional going to waterfalls or swamps and what not. Ramza is the main character and he experiences betrayal, meeting new friends and fighting for what's right.The sound isn't bad. The main music in battles against monsters (which can happen in between towns on the map) is OK, but you might get sick of it after a while. But some of it is pretty good. Not great, but good. Just don't expect it to blow you away.I think I've touched on the main points. Once again, if I'm missing a class, feel free to tell me.8.5/10= 4 stars and then some
When Square realeased Final Fantasy Tactics after it's monumental success in Final Fantasy VII, it recieved some very harsh critisim for it's poor translation, among other things.  But, Final Fantasy Tactics built a strong fan base, and I'm sure many still replay it today.FFT is a game that took a different direction rather than a traditional RPG.  Most of the game revolves around battles that are much harder than you may think.  The manual even advises that you save after every encounter.  Before a battle ensues, you can place usually up to 5 characters on a platform, which represents your side of the battlefield while the enemy starts on the other side.  You then begin to advance, a little like chess, planning strategically to smite all the enemies before you.I definitely agree with the people who say this game is hard.  If you don't plan one character's move correctly, the whole battle may be out of your hands.  But, if strategy games isn't your cup of tea, then don't get strategy games!  FFT is a hard game, but it is definitely beatable and conquerable, it just takes a lot of time and patience.All in all, Final Fantasy Tactics is an exceptional game.  The engrossing gameplay, great graphics, story, and characters make it a must have for fans of the genre or considering fans.
I love a good tactics game, and this was the one that turned me on to them.  While I get a little OCD about it and try to train the characters to be level 1 billion in all classes, oddly the tediousness of that makes me happy.  Anyway, fun game, great for strategists.
What can I say FF Tactics is an RPG gem. Which somehow got over looked by many, but maybe that's because it came out around the same time as FF7. If you are a fan of chess board RPG styled games like Disgaea, Phantom Brave, Saiyuki's Journey West, etc. I highly recommend snagging this on PSP, PSN, Or a PS1 copy sold here for cheap. Also if you're a Final Fantasy Fan I recommend this too. Final Fantasy Tactics is one of the first games to introduce the chess board style game play. Here's how it racks up.Positive ++ Character's are unique and the artwork is on par with Legend Of Mana.+ Job classes make this game all the more fun and each job has it's unique Attacks/Stats/Armor Equipment.+ Lots of different weapons to choose from, even more abilities to make you character awesome. Example: Have a gun wielding knight who can also use samurai skills. Yep, that's possible in Tactics.+ Soundtrack is amazing, it's not Nobou amazing, but whoever was in charge did a fantastic job. At times it can be soothing as you're fighting in the rain on some mountain tops or creepy as you're fighting an uber boss in a castle. Music sets the mood big time in this game.+ You can recruit just about anyone to join your party. Monsters, humans, a crazy robot, and even Cloud Strife as a hidden side quest.+ Levels are unique. Not just the same painted over texture board over and over again. Each place on the map has it's own landscape, weather, different times of day, enemies, trees, water, you name it. Lots of work went into this part which shows a lot.+ Overall it takes 40 hours to finish Final Fantasy Tactics, 50 with all the side quests. One can miss a lot of hidden things on their first play through, so it definitely has replay value.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Okay, now the negatives.- Like the title to this review says "Difficult." Final Fantasy Tactics can be just a pain in the butt sometimes. Especially when a 20 minute battle takes a turn for the worse. Your party starts missing attacks on enemies, The enemy uses status attacks like petrify, confuse, charm, and there's no Medic in your party to heal those conditions or they just don't know that move. Yeah, a lot can go wrong in a battle. Or simply the enemy is just too strong and dominates your party. A great example of this is one part in the game where you're prompted to save just before an uber boss fight. If you can't beat this boss, tough cookie. Since you already saved, there's no going back to level up. Better find a way to beat this uber boss. There's a couple of fights throughout the game like this one and man it can be frustrating. If you are a fan of really hard games then you'll love this game for the difficulty aspect.- At one point the story just kind of loses its edge. Mainly towards the end where the main character has no idea what is going on. He's just trying to get his captured sister back from the bad guys. The ending also lacks any real punch line or what is it called... Meh, I'll just say punch line. It's kind of like " And Everyone, Died... But Not Really" type of ending. Not the best, but there is some closure. So that is what counts. Like what happened to such and such character. Mediocre ending.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall: Tactics is great and delivers as a unique RPG for its time.Happy gaming
This is most definitely a much, much different game than the other entries in the Final Fantasy series.  You control the young hero, Ramza Beoulve, and a party of adventurers as they become involved in what starts out as a relatively simple case of kidnapping and politics that eventually turns into a crisis that involves a trip into the underworld to save the world from the forces of darkness.  Your party starts out as Ramza and a bunch of generic characters, but as you progress through the game you will meet up with a number of friends that will join your party, all of which have their own unique abilities, ranging from forgettable, to helpful, to awesomely-overpowering.There are a lot of good things about this game.  There are a total of 20 &quot;jobs&quot; in the game, ranging from the usual things like Wizards, Healer-types, and sword-wielding Knights to exotic classes such as the Ninja, the Calculator, and those ever-popular Summoners.  Each character starts out as one of two &quot;generic&quot; classes, and as they level up and learn new abilities, more and more of the other classes are unlocked and become available.  Most of the battles you participate in allow you to take a party of five characters into action, although there are a few exceptions.  So, the possible combinations of battle parties one can create is almost endless.  The customization part of this game is probably its strongest point, because it allows for hours of fun experimentation as you learn the different jobs' strengths and weaknesses.  The battles themselves are somewhat like a giant chess match, where you and the computer manuever your men around a 3-D battlefield, trying to take and hold the most advantageous positions to use to your advantage.  One of the best things about all this is that you have to be careful how you use magic.  The high-level magic spells in this game can be quite powerful, but the player must learn how to use it properly, or else you will kill off your own group members in addition to the enemies.  There are many different types of battlefields, ranging from open prairies, to castles and dungeons, to swampland, and everything in between.  The story battles are filled with drama and danger, and the random battles you get into as you move from town to town will keep your skills maxed out, since the monsters in random battles level up along with you, so you will always be challenged, even when revisiting areas near the beginning of the game.  The in-game music and graphics are excellent, given that this game is several years old.  The shops in the game are where you will go to purchase the vast majority of your weapons, armor, and items, and there is a very well-done &quot;fitting room&quot; system to ensure that you know ahead of time what you are buying and what it will do for you before you spend money on it.  Once you have been through a few battles, money worries will rapidly fade.  It's also easy to keep plenty of items in stock so you never run out during battle.  There are also a number of sidequests, as we have come to expect from all Final Fantasy games, and they are rewarding, fun, and generally worthwhile.There are a few flaws, though.  The plot of the game is rather... convoluted.  It's tough, very tough, to keep track of the dozens of cast members and who is on what side, who is betraying who, and so on.  There is a feature in the game allowing you to replay key scenes in the story, and also read biographies of all characters, and I found myself going back here often.  If you can keep up with everything, the plot is compelling, but it is tough.  The ending of the game is very sad and haunting, and won't soon be forgotten.  Another flaw is the rather poor Japanese-to-English translations that this game contains.  It doesn't really detract from the enjoyment of the game, but it is very jarring.Despite these flaws, I really think that this game takes many of the well-known traditions of the Final Fantasy series to the next level.  Anyone who has played and enjoyed the other games in the series will enjoy this one.  I know I did.
Final Fantasy Tactics is for people who have lots of time and dedication for a good RPG.  This game can be over 200 hours long so dont think it's short because it's one disk.  Excellent battle system and overall a must have for anyone who plays Final Fantasy games.
I love this game. It's really fun. It's completely different every round, capturing better pokemon pictures, and experimenting with pokeflutes, pokefood and pester balls and seeing the reaction to different pokemon. But i'll say it again: Not worth purchasing. I rented it and the [price] was worth it.  The [Price] is not worth this game that gets old within a week. You already know all the secrets, you have a gazillion pictures of pokemon, you may of even printed them on stickers, i mean your through. Its a real fun game and I love it but it's not worth more than [price]to keep.
I know nothing about Pokemon, however I have learned with this game, and I had some fun while doing it! This is the first game to bring the Pokemon to life in their true 3D habitat as you ride in a little car taking pictures of the Pokemon. There are only six levels, each with about 15 or 20 Pokemon in each. The Pokemon each have their little powers and when they get together they fight or do little dances. The game moves a little slow because you are stuck in a car that is moving along a track, but there are items you get later in the game to speed up the car and to help you get better pictures, like sneeze balls, apples to feed them, a flute. Parents should even play this game to learn the Pokemon names and habits to better understand their children&#65533;s interests. This would be a five star game, however there were only about 60 Pokemon and not all of the original 150.
I would have say this game was a little fun, BUT there are some cons. Frist the game is so easy, I've rented it and got though it in a day. The pros. the graphics are good and so is the gameplay.  Please, rent it.
Although I miss traveling and battling I really did enjoye this game.  Plus I like how this game was geared more for adults and teens who don't  like Pokemon insteed of for kids who like Pokemon (Who might get bored of  this game very easiely).  Plus it's good, clean (No violence), and very fun  and challenging!  I highly recomend this game to everyone who don't like  Pokemon and aren't under 13!
I was surprised that I actually had fun with this game, because I usually hate kids games aside from retro Nintendo classics, Over the Hedge, and the Cars games. The storyline is about Spyro and his dragon fly companion who want to go to the beach, but instead get caught up in trying to stop an evil villain named Ripto and have to retrieve fourteen talismans to stop Ripto and save many worlds in the process. This game may revolve around killing stupid enemies, finding items, and collecting a lot of jewels, but it never really feels repetitive, mostly just fun and over the top because of your strange companions and enemies. The biggest problems with this game are the graphics, controls, and camera troubles, which can get you killed during certain gameplay sequences. But while this may sound like a long list of complaints, this game never really feels hampered by its flaws, but rather fun that anyone can enjoy if they appreciate it enough. Too bad the series seems to suck with critics these days, ever since the time Insomniac Games and Sony Computer Entertainment officially sold the rights of the series to Vivendi (a.k.a. Sierra). Hey Vivendi, can you get a developer who's good at making games to make the next entry so the series doesn't suck anymore? Because it really doesn't deserve it. This game will always be a fun platformer and while it may not compete with other platformers of its time like Super Mario 64 and Tomb Raider, it does put up a good fight despite its age.
Graphics: 9/10 - Fantastic effort in this area. There is hardly a fault to be found, all the settings look fabulously well-planned.Sound: 8/10 - Good dragon sound effects and neat little sparkling sounds as you collect and find things. The little things matter, and the big things boom!Value: 8/10 - I haven't played this game much, but after my friend let me have a turn, I was really intrigued! Spyro 2, because it has neat missions and cool effects, is well worth the price you pay to buy or rent it.Overall: 8/10 - I would like to play this game more. It is intriguing and not too hard, but has the odd dose of complexity that gives it the intelligence and less cuteness than most of the fantasy-creature games.
The original Spyro trilogy is by far the gaming mark on my childhood, and will always stay there.  The first one is downright amazing, and this one isn't short by much at all.  The only reason I docked it a star was because it seems like it takes much less time to beat than the first Spyro game, which I can understand because it's a childrens game first and foremost.  Regardless, if you're a fan of retro gaming or a little bit of history, play this and fulfill your desires, it is well worth it.
Never played any of the Mario Kart games.  Hard to believe ?  Well its true.  But I can say that I love Crash Team Racing.It is a great little racer that you can play straight out of the box.  Easy to pick up, darn difficult to put down.  Its lots of fun with well animated characters and tracks.  The music is light, as if ripped straight out of a Saturday morning cartoon.  Honestly, great for kids and adults alike.  And while I love racing alone, I can't emphasize the true joy of TEAM racing.  Grab a multitap for your PS1 or PS2 and round up some friends.  This where CTR truly shines.  You'll be laughing and bashing for hours at a time.So thanks to Nintendo for coming up with the Kart racing kraze.  And major kudos to Naughty Dog for putting on a fesh set of tires.
I love the Crash games I got this back in 200o But this is still a great game. The graphics aren't that bad, and it's a great game for kids, and not one of these violent games. This is something everyone can enjoy. You race main bosses from other crash bandicoot games and theres a new alien guy whos not hard after the 2nd time you play him. These is a great famliy game and your parents can enjoy it to.
Racing games aren't my favorite type of games. In fact, they usually [smell](the only good one I've played before "Crash Team Racing" was that old game "Wipeout"). This game was rather good for a racing game, but the only reason why I bought it was because it was a Crash game, and I've been following the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy since the very beginning.This game has good graphics and power-ups, but sometimes it's quite difficult, like when you have to acquire Gems and CTR Tokens by going through impossibly difficult levels in a very short amount of time. The best thing about this, I think, was the story(which is one thing that "Mario Kart 64" didn't have at all). The story for this game was good because of it's uniqueness. Instead of having to battle Dr. Cortex and Uka Uka again, Crash has to challenge a new enemy, an alien named Nitros Oxide, to a race that will decide the fate of the Earth itself. Not only that, but this sudden turn of events forces Crash and Cortex to actually team up for the first time ever(except ofcourse if for some reason you consider Cortex fooling Crash to acquire the Crystals for him in Part 2 "teaming up"). Not only that, but Crash and Cortex's friends and minions( Coco, Polar, Tiny, Dingodile, etc.) also join in to make sure Nitros Oxide doesn't take over the world for himself and leave Cortex out of it.I would give this game 3 and a half stars, but I gave it a 4 cause, as I've said before, I love Crash to much to give him a 3.
This game was my first experience with resident evil, and it was a good experience at that.  The control system takes some getting used to and there's always the f****** inventory problems, but you get used to them after a while.  The gameplay is superior to the first one (there's plenty of ammo this time around) and the puzzles actually seem to apply to reality (in a distant kind of way).  there are a total of 4 story lines (two for each character) making for very good replay value.  an enjoyable (albeit short) experience.
My hot and cold experience with Capcom&#65533;s infamous Survival Horror series, Resident Evil, has been something I&#65533;ve endured for years without the satisfaction of actually defeating any of the games. It&#65533;s a group of games that makes it incredibly easy to become stuck, frustrated or cornered, and as a result give up altogether. Though I enjoyed the unique perspective of the first game, the integrated elements of past horror movies, and the whole premise of an underground city filled with zombies, I really had a hard time correctly rationing my ammo, my game-saving ink ribbons and my time. It&#65533;s a strange marriage, a brainless, balls-out action title merged with a time consuming, brain teasing puzzle game. Capcom teases you into adopting a &#65533;Final Fight&#65533; mindset, then completely derails the player by halting the action altogether and throwing them coldly into a &#65533;King&#65533;s Quest&#65533; style, item gathering and puzzle solving mission. That&#65533;s like hopping into a Dodge Viper, pulling it out to the highway, and shifting from fifth to first without slowing down.As with any sequel, RE2 borrows a lot from its predecessor. The controls, the camera angles, the weapons, the enemies&#65533; everything is very close, if not the same. But, again as with any sequel, this second installment improves upon the original in every way. Perhaps the most notable improvement of them all lies in the storyline itself. Comparing the stories of the first game and the second is like pitting Sam Raimi&#65533;s first &#65533;Evil Dead&#65533; against the recent blockbuster &#65533;The Ring.&#65533; Sure, they&#65533;re technically the same genre, but the differences in budget, acting talent and overall production quality aren&#65533;t even in the same ballpark.Chapter two is, for all intents and purposes, a true sequel, tough perhaps this is a sequel where the filmmakers couldn&#65533;t convince any of the original stars to return for a second run. It picks up three months after the storyline of the first game, and ties in closer and closer with the original plot as the story goes along. Put simply, the virus that created the zombies of Resident Evil 1 has spilled into the city streets and infected an entire town. As either Leon, a rookie police officer enduring his first day on the job, or Claire, the sister of RE1&#65533;s Chris, you enter the horrific world of Raccoon City and attempt to save the world from the brink of disaster one more time. The two strangers meet thanks to a stroke of luck, agree that the Police station is the safest place to hold out, and are almost immediately separated before reaching their target. Once there, it&#65533;s almost business as usual again&#65533; firing on monsters, uncovering an elaborate maze of tricks, gimmicks and puzzles, and shooting for the head of the evil Umbrella Corporation once again.The graphics of the second installment have taken a big step forward from the first game. Both the main characters and the creatures themselves move much more realistically this time around. Zombies will lunge when you get close, they&#65533;ll stumble backwards when they take a couple bullets. Leon and Claire, as well, show the effects of the damage they&#65533;ve taken. Both have three different methods of walking; an uninjured trot, a mildly harmed walk with an arm around their midsection, and a nasty limp, dragging their weapon behind them as they go. The more damage you take, the slower you move and the more likely you are to take additional hits. Every character, human and zombie, now comes fully equipped with an independently moving head, which locks onto the nearest moving object and follows it, staring, as it moves around the room.If you&#65533;ve played the first Resident Evil, or any installment since, you understand the gameplay of this series. It really hasn&#65533;t changed all that much in the last six years. You either love it or you can&#65533;t stand it. The action is presented from a series of static camera shots, overlooking all the action and switching  angles as you leave the plane of vision. This setup offers positives and negatives; for one, the backgrounds are much more detailed than they could have possibly been rendered in three dimensions. Unfortunately, the rapid changing of screens and immovable camera angles still make it easy for your enemies to get the drop on you. The zombies, lickers and evil plants can see you from down the hallway, but you can&#65533;t see them until they&#65533;re right on top of you.The audio is the only portion of chapter two that isn&#65533;t a notable improvement over the first. It&#65533;s still a strange, subpar performance of tense symphonic arrangements mixed with elevator music. It&#65533;s quiet at the right moments, it crescendos at the right time, there&#65533;s just something strange about it. Something that doesn&#65533;t fit right. Many of the sound effects are carried over from the first game, but they&#65533;ve been joined by some all new samples. Zombies still make the same characteristic shuffle when they move, they still occupy themselves by mumbling incoherently, and it&#65533;s still entertaining as hell. Leon, Claire, Ada, the Chief, and the other half dozen characters with speaking roles put on a notably better performance than the talent in the first game. This isn&#65533;t emotional, professional-quality voice acting yet, but it&#65533;s a world and a half better than Chris and Jill&#65533;s boring, unenthusiastic delivery in the first title.All accounted for, Resident Evil 2 is everything a sequel should be. It integrated many of the elements that made the first game successful, improved upon the areas in which the original was lacking, picked up the story and ran with it, and delivered an overly solid presentation. There are still some major flaws with both the gameplay and the story, but on the whole this is a big step in the right direction. Resident Evil 1 was an unexpected surprise, solid but not necessarily legendary. Part two really put the series on the map as a serious force.
How many words can be used to sum up this game? How about AWESOME!Okay, it's dated. The graphics aren't sharp and the voice acting is sub par. Their mouths don't move and the characters look like they were made out of melted lego blocks. But Kids, this was an era where every other game was either side-scrolling or full of platforms. This game was a welcome change to the monotiny of racing games, platform games, and horror games that did not scare us anymore.The story? Well, it's science gone awry of course! A scientist does not want his experiment stolen, so he releases it onto himself and kills his attackers, then the experiment is released accidently as rats drink up the remains of a broken vial. As rats tend to do, they spead the disease and the city is covered in zombies. A girl named Clare (who is dressed inappropirately for a zombie outbreak, but well enough for a frat party) comes into town searching for her brother. Leon arrives too, a rookie cop eager to start his new profession, only to find his fellow officerse are now shambling through the streets killing anything that moves and breaths. Sure, you could find a similar plot in a Scy-Fy channel budget movie, but this game executes the story so well! There are zombies, mutant monsters, and a Frankenstein Monster-like monster called Mr. X. That big Trench Coat Guy was so menacing... my mother was watching me play one day and the big guy exploded out of a wall, surprising my mother, and forever more he would be called Mr. OH S***! Ah... fond memories...Characters? Well, I will not lie, Clare is a tom-boy in tight cut-off shorts. Leon is a whiny looser who suffers from some sort of inferiority complex. The Police Chief is a nut. The scientist who caused the outbreak is one fry short of a whole happy meal. The little girl side-kick is unnecessary but a nice addition. And Ada, the asian spy, is completely dull. Each character, due to the limitations of the system, can only move their arms and bodies to convey emotion, as the faces are merely plastered on a square head. Often they will move thier hands as they talk to convey apathy, disgust, horror, or anger. This is well done in the game, but the limitations of the technologies of the time show like a festering pimple. Still, it holds up.Zapping? Well... that's what they call it anyway. It just means that at two points scenarios affect each other. See, there are four scenarios. Leon A, Clare B, Clare A, Leon B. Bounus modes are unlocked by beating the game with a high score (ie, not using your first aid or finishing within a certain ammount of time). The scenarios of the two characters interesct at two pivotal points (An item pick-up and a puzzle choice) and that's it. Don't get me wrong, the gimmic is okay, but it is barely "zapping."The Music? Well, aside from the credit music, there isn't really a soundtrack. But the background music is subperb! Really, the subtle music cues are exactly what the game needs to convey emotion, urgency, peace, and outright chaos! If you do not run near the end when the sirens are going off with the threat of a facility explosion (only to realized you can take your time) then you are clearly taking riddiline!The gameplay? The characters control like forklifts. They are stiff, responsive to a degree, and varied. The enemies attack in various ways, mostly clinging to you and taking a bite out of your collar bone, and your only defense is the weapons scattered through the area and the meager munitions availble in the infested police station. To flesh out the game there are many puzzles. You will run back and forth, checking the map, and looking at odd ends of puzzle parts (Fuzes, tiles, cables, ect.) and trying to figure out where to shove what. That and avoiding getting your last ounce of life taken from you makes for an intense experience.The game is intense! Oh yes! You would not think so when you see the start screen and a giant crocodile is staring at you with a bloodshot eye, but from the very first moment of gameplay you are thrust into a world of zombies. The stiff controls, narrow corridors, ambient music, and the shambling groaning enemies make for a sharp gameplay experience. Many times you will find yourself cornered with barely enough ammo to escape and the prospect of a boss after finishing the many smaller enemies.Replay? As previously stated, the game has four scenarios not including bounus modes. Each scenario takes around two hours to complete. So, in a FAST play through there is eight hours of gameplay. In a regular session you could expect to take anywhere from six days to half a month finishing the two stories. Basically, there are TWO GAMES with this one game. You can start as Leon and finish as Clare, or Start as Claire and end as Leon. The stories change with both tellings and it is worth playing through both! Moreover, the bousus modes are decent. There are alternate costumes, a time attack mode, a Toffu Time attack mode (Where you play as a giant block of Tuffu), and Arrange Mode (Should you get the Dual Shock version). Arrange mode is basically a mode where they hold your hand for you. They give you a gun with infinite ammunition and let you go.If you have a Playstaion system, any of them, then get a copy of this game. In fact, if you have a Gamecube then buy the version released for that system. If you have PSN, then buy it there if they have it. It is worth every penny.
I was mildly irritated when Sonic 3 ended, or should I just say "stopped"? The game pretty just closed with a black screen and no sequence. Sonic & Knuckles is the true end, but not before spinning through 5 more levels and yet another confrontation with Robotnik on the Death Egg.There's nothing breathtakingly new about the level design. If you've played one Sonic you've played 'em all in this regard. But the varied themes and tunes will keep you entertained. I think that Lava Reef Zone may well be my favorite Sonic tune ever.I've still to play as Knuckles and use the lock-on technology. But no matter how much I play or how hard I try there's no way I'll be able to get through the ENTIRE game and grab all 14 Chaos Emeralds. The Emerald stages are just too hard. With all 14 Chaos Emeralds you transform into Hyper Sonic, which I have never seen. But, to be honest I think there are only about 5 people in the history of the world who have been able to unlock Hyper Sonic.This was the last "true" 2D Sonic game. He has, controversially, lost his way (and his fans) since Sonic & Knuckles. The Sonic Advance games are good, and Sonic Adventure DX was also loads of fun. But something...I dunno what, has just been lacking. Where Sonic has failed again and again Mario has succeeded many times over. Strange.Graphics ASound AGameplay BLasting Appeal B
i'm sure by now you know the sonic 3 splitup thing which i din't like. but maby this isn't too bad. i see some benifets in the sonic 3 & knuckles split. #1, sonic and knckles has a blue sphere mini game buildt in. #2, if sonic 3 and knuckles were 1 game, they may have used the sonic 3 theme and knuckles theme insted of the sonic and kuckles theme and knuckles theme which are way better, but it's not that big of deal. #3, you can play as knuckles in sonic 2 wich is enjoyable. #4, you for the first time ever see super tails if you connect sonic 3 to it. the only bad thing i can say really is if you have sonic 3 & kuckles connected to a game genie, it as tall as a building. and i can't imagine how tall it would be if you have a 32x on your genesis with sonic 3 and knuckles and a game genie in the slot. sonic and knuckles also for some reason has no save slots if sonic 3 isn't hooked up. but other than that, it's a great game. do not hesitate to buy it
Sonic & Knuckles(1994). The fourth Sonic game on the Genesis (or 2nd half of the third, if you prefer to call it that).Once upon a time, Sega became a worthy 16-bit contender in the early 90s thanks to the release of a fast-paced adventure starring everyone's favorite blue hedgehog, Sonic. Then the series really took off in 1992 with the release and success of its sequel. The Sega CD harbored Sonic CD, a worthy cult classic, though for some reason it became forgotten over time. This brings us to "Hedgehog Day" of 1994, when Sonic 3 was unleashed on the public. Originally, the game was slated to be one massive adventure, but in order to meet deadlines, Sega decided to cut it in half, give the fans the first part of the game early on, and save the rest of it for a later date in the year. In the meantime, Sega also thought about incorporating a special "lock-on" feature to this second half of the 3rd Sonic game which allowed one to stick Sonic 2 and 3 on top of it, and it would change the game to a certain degree. Of course, lock on technology was nothing new (*cough* Game Genie *cough*), but this was the first time that it was incorporated for a specific purpose, more of which I'll get into soon.So this time, Sonic must traverse the rest of Angel Island after bringing down the Death Egg (again) onto a volcano and stop Dr. Robotnik once and for all. However, Tails is gone for this round in place of being able to play as Knuckles the Echidna for the first time. He taunted and tricked you all throughout Sonic 3, but now you can rip through the stages as him, or get your revenge on him at last with Sonic. Either way, S&K; holds up as its own giant adventure, with the same size of levels, graphics engine, powerups, and other features as the previous game. I've covered the basics of the game in my Sonic 3 review, so I'll just go into the new stuff here:PROS-LOCKING ONTO THE OLDER GAMES GIVES THEM A NEW FRESH REPLAYABILITY. Stick it onto Sonic 2, and now you're traversing the Casino Nights, Hill Tops, and Wing Fortresses of old as Knuckles given the advantage of his new abilities. However, stick it onto Sonic 3 and you'll get the massive adventure that Sega wanted to release all along - in other words THE BIGGEST AND BEST SONIC GAME EVER CONCEIVED. Play as all three of the furballs going through both games and collecting 14(!) chaos emeralds to become... HYPER SONIC! On top of that, stick it onto Sonic 1 or any other Genesis game and you'll now have access to unlimited random Special Stages styled from Sonic 3.-KNUCKLES IS A NICE ALTERNATIVE TO PLAY AS FROM THE OTHERS. He doesn't fly like Tails or jump as high as Sonic, but his glide, climbing, and smashy fists enable him to reach places that the others can't get to. Plus, a lot of the areas of certain zones that you traverse are completely different from Sonic's.-COOL NEW BONUS STAGES. There are two of them now, and are far easier to access as well. One is an energy sphere magnetic place where you have to reach the top, and the other is a combination of Casino Night Zone from Sonic 2 and the Special Stages of Sonic 1.-EXCELLENT MUSIC HERE! I'd forgotten how awesome S&K;'s music actually is, and is overall a step up from Sonic 3's. None are bad here and they seem closer to Sonic 2's soundtrack, especially the Flying Battery, Sky Sanctuary, and Death Egg themes.-THE ZONES ARE VARIED FROM PREVIOUS GAMES. Yes, there is another volcano zone, but now you can explore new areas like the massive tombs of Sandopolis, the flying ruins of Sky Sanctuary, and the inner sanctums of the giant Death Egg ship. Plus now you get to take out the giant Flying Battery ship which attacked you near the beginning of Sonic 3. Strangely, this seems to be the only Sonic game without a water zone, which renders the Bubble shield useless, but oh well. In contrast, you will find more use out of the fire shield though.-PERHAPS THE BEST FINAL BOSSES OF ANY SONIC GAME. There are a bunch of them to take out near the end, and when you collect all the chaos emeralds, you can go through a special Doomsday Zone as Super Sonic. Plus, Knuckles has more difficult versions and some original bosses of his own to fight, so it never gets boring.CONS-Since this is technically the other half of Sonic 3, THERE ISN'T A WHOLE LOT OF NEW STUFF FOR SONIC'S ADVENTURE. Pretty much Sonic has all the same attacks, animations, and powerups as in Sonic 3, and now with Tails gone, his reaching abilities are hindered. His absence is fixed, however, by locking it onto Sonic 3.-THE SAVE FEATURE FROM SONIC 3 IS SORELY MISSED. With as massive as the levels are, being able to save after Sandopolis Zone Act 2 would be nice, but again, this problem is remedied after locking it onto Sonic 3.-NO CHANGE OF SPECIAL STAGES HERE. Basically, these new ones are simply styled after the Sonic 3 SS's.Don't let the 4 stars deter you at all. S&K; is certainly one of the most memorable Sonic games of all, and if you liked Sonic 3, then I see no reason for you NOT to like this one. As a whole, Sonic 3 & Knuckles deserves its full 5 stars, so whether you want to find their original carts, or just play them on PC or the new Sonic Mega Collection, find them any way you can because these are some of the best 2D games that defined an age of gaming. GOTTA JUICE!
Like Sonic the Hedgehog 3, this game is enjoyable, but feels incomplete. To get a truly full experience, it is best to couple this with the Sonic the Hedgehog 3 game for a full gaming experience, because on their own, these two games don't quite reach 5-stars. This game is also fun to be played with Sonic 2, and the graphics in this game are just as visually impressive as those to be found in Sonic 3. Overall this game is a lot of fun to play, whether by itself or with Sonic 2 or 3.
Welcome to the first adventure of one of Capcoms best series games. You are Jill Valentine, a stars member and you are trying to investigate some strange dissapearances in Raccoon City. You can play as Jill or Chris Redfield. You start in the game by going out to the outskirts of the city and see a house, a mansion. (There is a monster chasing you outside while you investigate, thats why you enter the mansion.) Once you arrive in there you look for things around the house and notice a zombie that ate one of your pals. You kill him and go tell your friend Barry Burton what went wrong. This game is the hardest of the whole series in my opinion because there are more puzzles and more zombies that are so hard to kill with your weapons. You will go through so many rooms and so many doors and find clues and clues and clues of to whats going on. Ill only spoil one part of the game if your new to resident evil. (The mansion has a research lab in the back yard that youll find later in the game. The whole mansion and lab belongs to the bio chemical organization,Umbrella). I promise though that you will enjoy this game.
Resident Evil - Circa 1995GOOD:- Considered classic to many gamers- The roots or start of a super popular franchise- Was really considered too scary to play in its time- Pretty good story, with twists and turnsBAD:- Graphics look very dated- Voice acting is laughably bad- Controls feel datedWILL IT FIT YOUR TASTE:- Slow moving "survival horror" game, which is more about moving boxes, managing items, and unlocking doors then actually fighting for your life- A Sc-Fi horror game set in a kooky old mansion filled with zombies, huge spiders, and sharksGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Silent Hill- Dino Crisis- Alone in the darkADDITIONAL NOTES:- There have been a few remakes of this game on PS1 such as a version where you can use a duel shock controller and a version that is a director cut.- There was also a really, really good remake for the Nintendo Game Cube- In Japan Resident Evil is called Biohazard
A series of gory attacks in the area surrounding a remote biotech lab brings in S.T.A.R.S.  (Special Tactics and Rescue Squad) to investigate.  On arrival, Bravo Team communications are abruptly cut off.  Now it's up to your Team.  You arrive at the isolated mansion under-powered and on the run.  Arm yourself with anything you can find: knives, pistols, shotguns, flame-throwers - search for hidden rounds to stay alive!  There are puzzles to solve, traps to disarm and mysteries to uncover while trying to avoid a blood-bath with the freaks of nature that populate the mansion.  Each lurking horror you survive will bring you closer to the source of the Resident Evil.
Personally I found this game fun and I HAVE NO IDEA HOW THESE OTHER REVIEWERS CAN CRITICIZE IT! This game was my first experience with the series and I had a lot fun with it. Who cares what the story is I DON'T KNOW AND DEFINITELY DON'T CARE BEYOND ALL BELIEF! The graphics may be bad but WHO CARES?!! Now I do wish to play Final Fantasy II & III but this Final Fantasy game gave me a spectacular look at this amazing series.
Plenty of people didn't like this game, and it IS different from other Final Fantasy games, the gameplay is more simple and restrained. It's better for younger kids and the like, so this game is definitely not for everyone, but it is worth a try, at least initially, so give it a try and if after a few minutes you don't like it, that's okay, just turn it off. One thing that made this game harder was the controls, so I can't recommend this game unless you're a die-hard Final Fantasy completist.
I like this game. I played it many times over and I enjoyed it each time. It is fairly easy to complete not like some of the more complex games I tried to play and couldn't handle. Maybe I'm still just at a beginner level in RPGs.
This was actually the fourth installment of the Final Fantasy series released in Japan, but as numbers 2 and 3 didn't make it to America, this was marketed as FF2 before its debut on the American SNES.Having played the original a couple of times, I really enjoyed this game. You can easily get this game on an emulator and play on your computer, but I highly recommend this game for the Game Boy Advance (Final Fantasy IV Advance) because the Advanced version is basically the same as the game, but control has been smoothed out and additional dungeons put in. But even before it was updated for the Advance, this was a great game, and is a true Final Fantasy classic.
Although this game is called Final fantasy 2, in reality it is actually FF4! Anyway, I didnt start playing Final fantasy until just recently (2004)I've owned an NES since 1990 but I never even thought of buying Final Fantasy until I saw a TV show about it on G4TV! Since then, I've played all of the following Final fantasy titles; Final fantasy, Final fantasy II, Final fantasy mystic quest, Final fantasy VII, Final fantasy VIII, Final fantasy XI, Final fantasy I & II dawn of souls, and Final fantasy IV Advance. Out of all of them my favorite title was FFII for the SNES,why? Because FFII had the best story and charecters of all of the other Final fantasy titles that I've played so far! Unlike in FF1,you dont choose your players, you just start out as one and meet more from there!The Heros: Cecil the dark knight, Rosa the white mage, Kain the dragoon, Cid the Engineer, Yang the Monk, Rydia the summoner, tellah the sage, Edge the ninja, and Fusoya the sage.The Villans: Golbez the dark wizard, 4 Elemental warriors, a brain-washed Kain, and a slew of other enemys each more sinister then the last!The story gets better and better as the story progresses! I wont spoil it for you,but one of the coolest moments in the game is when Cecil discovers that Golbez, the most fearsom fiend in the game is not the one behind all of the chaos! Plus, Golbez's true identity is revealed! (No, he's not Cecil's father.) All and all this is my favorite Final fantasy so far, I highly recomend buying it! BUT BE WARNED! Final fantasy I & II dawn of souls does not include this title! So if you want to play this and FF1 you'll have to buy them both!For more details read my Review on Final fantasy I & II dawn of souls. ENJOY!Final thoughts: If you have the money and own a GBA, check out Final fantasy IV Advance. It's the same game as this one, but it's been upgraded with all new features!Written by,Shadowmage (the game maniac)
With the immense success of games like ZELDA, it seemed only natural that Square would follow in those footsteps, making a game that featured Real-Time combat. We will take a look at how Square's interpretation of Real-Time combat fares and what contributions it made to the gaming world.STORY: 4/5Unlike the novel-ish FINAL FANTASY 6 and CHRONO TRIGGER, Secret of Mana (SoM) has a rather basic story with only a few exceptional moments. For this game I felt it worked rather well. Since the focus is on Real-Time combat, it only makes sense that the gamer spends most of their time fighting, not reading text.There is only one ending and it's not 30 minutes long, but it does wrap up the story very well and makes the player feel rewarded.MUSIC: 5/5Hiroki Kikuta did the soundtrack for this game, SEIKEN DENSETSU 3 (SoM2) and the much lesser known SOUKAIGI. All are great soundtracks and worth hunting down. The music in this game is a nice change of pace from the epic works of Nobuo Uematsu. In general I found the music to be more playful and optimistic in the villages and "calm spots" of the world. Many of the palaces and dungeons feature music that is more mysterious than it is forboding.GAMEPLAY: 3.5/5This is where I really disagree with some of the reviews of this game I've read so far.On the one hand, it is very obvious that the gameplay in this game was the precursor for the combat system in FINAL FANTASY 12, where you have 3 characters fighting simultaneously, two of them automatically. So in that regard the gameplay in SoM was very influential.The actual actions of using magic and swinging your sword/weapon around are not complicated--they're just as intuitive as they were in ZELDA. However, I found a few areas that could have used some attention:1) Tedious magic-leveling system. To go from level 1 to level 2, for example, you might have to cast a spell about 10 times. To gain more levels, you have to cast that spell more often. What I found really annoying were these two side-facts.A) There is no point in leveling most of your magic. Especially the girl's magic, with the exception of Undine. You could leave most of your other magic creatures at Level 0 or Level 1 and still beat the game. Even the boy's magic is not necessary to raise all the way to level 8.B) If you do want to raise the girl's magic, the best way to do it is to cast it on yourself--HUNDREDS of times! Sounds fun, doesn't it? If you want to raise the boy's magic, again, you have to cast it on enemies, HUNDREDS of times.In my opinion, ALLOCATION POINTS would have worked better, where you get to pick which magic you need at "full strength" and change your alignment as needed.Finally, many of the spells are just plain worthless--granted, the Final Fantasy series is guilty of this as well, but it is annoying when you're building levels for a magic creature who only has one spell that you may only need for one or two boss fights.2) Pointless "Weapon Charging" system.When you build levels with your sword, you can "charge" it to do a "better" attack. In my experience, it simply multiplies your damage. So if you charge your sword to level 4 and cut loose, you might do 400 damage instead of 100.The problem is this: While "charging" your sword, if you get damaged or take any status ailment, you have to start the "charging process" all over! At that rate, you'd be better off hitting enemies with several 100% Level 0 attacks.3) Corners and Snags. Your party consists of 3 characters, but you can only play one of them at a time. What results if you want to avoid enemies and just run through the dungeon? You quickly find that your movement is restricted due to the actions of your other characters. They'll constantly get snagged on corners, stuck down/up-stairs, find themselves fighting enemies or getting struck with a status ailment--limiting/stopping your movement until they recover. Instructing your non-playing characters to GUARD and KEEP AWAY has little effect, either. They still sometimes take a swipe as they pass an enemy.Even with all this, the game is still playable, but can be unnecessarily frustrating. Once you get to higher levels you become so powerful that (like in FF12), you pretty much just walk right through enemies and nuke everything in sight.GRAPHICS: 4.5/5Not the best that I've seen on the SNES, but pretty high up there. The villages look very rustic and well-lived-in, featuring nice touches like flower pots outside, vines creeping up the roofs and plants growing between the roof tiles.The bosses look pretty impressive and there is a nice variety that come in different sizes and alignments.I felt this game did an exceptional job with presenting colorful, varied environments. My favorite being the shadowy mushroom forest of King Truffle.The overworld Mode 7 map is very impressive and alot of different effects are used, such as spinning it around when you exit a cannon-ball.On the downside, I found that the magic spells were very basic-looking. I felt that the spells should have looked better graphically with each new level, as this would have given more incentive to improving your magic.CAMEOS: Santa and Rudolph make a brief appearance in this game. Cool points if you get the Kilroy reference when fighting the robot boss.MULTI-PLAYER: This game is known for the fact that if you have an adapter and 3 SNES controllers, each player can control one character. I've never seen anybody play the game this way. I can see how it could be frustrating if one person continually uses magic, meaning the other characters have to wait until the spell has subsided before they can move again.SUGGESTIONS: I think the lesser-known TERRANIGMA is an equally good game with many similarities but fewer annoyances.OVERALL: 4/5I think it's fairly obvious that this was Square's first effort at Real-Time combat in an RPG. The graphics, story and music make up for the moments where the gameplay is a bit lacking or nonsensical.No Rabite's were harmed in the writing of this review.
This is a fun RPG with a different style of battle. You control one character while the other two act on their own, which frees you up a bit, and you can also change between all of them at your convenience. The story itself is fun, and the plotline goes along fairly smoothly. The graphics are pleasing to the eye, and I liked the elemental creatures that would join me during my quest. Some of the dungeons and palaces were beautiful.However, the repetition required for leveling up magic spells took away from the game. Much like Final Fantasy 2, you can only build up your magic through repeated use, which gets annoying and frustrating after a while. Having magic level-ups contigent on use is one feature that has never worked for me. I also didn't like the seemingly random opportunities to power up my weapons. Weapons upgrades coming with level ups would work just fine, but it got harder to upgrade weapons later on in the game, since the higher-level upgrades became increasingly difficult to find because they were dropped at random. I actually ended up using a cheat (Game Genie) to unlock all the weapons upgrades near the end of the game.If not for the magic/weapon upgrade hoo-ha here, this game would have gotten five stars from me. Still, it's overall a fun game to play, and I enjoyed it.
Although this game isn't as good as its N64 successor, this sci-fi adventure is still among the best in gaming. While the 3D graphics look horrendous, it's interesting to see how it worked back in the 16-bit era. In some ways I like the level designs better than Starfox 64's because they feel more creative and more interesting. For example, one part of the game is like a space version of the ocean with whales, stingrays, and more sea creatures in this interesting environment. I like how the villain Andross is designed as well, in fact it's kinda creepy(And he's a fighter in the upcoming Super Smash Brothers Brawl). The missions are still exciting and wierd to this day and it is a very rewarding experience. Though time has done some damage to this game it doesn't feel very worn. Oh, and by the way, Slippy is still an incompetent pilot as he was in Starfox 64, and Falco is still an ungrateful d*** as he was in Starfox 64.
Star Fox wasn't a bad game at all. In fact it was pretty good. I don;t think it was a 5 star game but it was definitely a good game.You are the trick-fighter pilot Star Fox and you are accompanied by a Frog and a Rabbit (sorry the names aren't coming back to me) and with their help, you destory evil enemies and their warships in an attempt to bring peace back to the galaxy.O.k. first off the game play was very easy to get used to. All you had to do was aim, shoot, dodge and occasionally, pull off the barrel roll shooting which was fun to do. Anyone could get this game and get good at it and for a lot of people, that's a great part about a game.One of the things that I truly didn't like about Star Fox was that is was a 1P only game. Honestly, why give you a couple of guys that help you through out the game if you can't have a couple of your friends come over and take control of those characters. I think if this would have been a multi link game, a lot more people (than already established) would have been all over this game.The other thing that bothered the pants off me was that your 2 buddies never help you when you need them. I was getting grilled by a dozen enemies and all those 2 could do was hang out and watch me get beat up. Again, what's the point of having extra characters to help you when they don't do anything to help you. All they did (at least when I played) was get beat up and I'd have to save them everytime but whenever I'd have someone on my tail... "oh watch out Fox". Thanks for nothing!Even though those were 2 really annoying parts of this game, it was still fun to play and again, any level gamer could get really good at this game. I'd get this one and also Star Fox 64 because it was even a great improvement to Satr Fox.
You all remember playing that bloody, graphic game Mortal Kombat on your SNES or SEGA. It was gory and fun as hell. If you missed it because you were too young, you should definitely try this one out on the PS3 on PSN.Mortal Kombat II upped the character amount, the gory fatalities and all of the game's ruthlessness. Old favorites such as Raiden, Lui Kang, Scorpion, Sub-Zero and Johnny Cage make their return here while newcomers like Mileena, Kitana, Jax and Baraka made the game much cooler than its predecessor. The graphics were crisper and made more colorful, the sounds more varied and the settings much more detailed/eerie. The game was just an all-around delight to experience.Not everything was perfect, however. The main thing I'd like to say about this game that brings the score down  is the difficulty. Playing through on Normal was somewhat tolerable, but any higher and the game gets damn ruthless. You would find yourself dying over and over again even if you were just facing the second person up the totem pole. To this day, I still haven't completed this game in all of its difficulties and I have no desire to. The game just gets too cheap too soon. But that's what 2-player mode is for!All in all, still one of the best fighting games you could ever ask for. It had nice graphics for its time, contains my two favorites characters (Sub-Zero and Kitana), introduced Babalities and just made the series that much harder to live up to itself later on. III was solid, but it wasn't II. Deadly Alliance was great but it (as well as some of the characters) didn't have the same "umph". When in doubt, II it is!A near classic!Overall score ------> 4.25/5(This review can also be found at gamespot. com under the name darksongbird)
Mortal Kombat 1 was a bit weak on its own since it was the first in the series, but made a good setup for this sequel, which had more characters, more of a storyline, and better features. Definitely a classic in the MK line.
if you like the sega genesis, or liked playing mario on the nes, youll love the snes(or super nintendo) it has video games for every type of gamer, some of my favortites are zelda, adventures of kid kleets, yoshis island and illusions of gaia.the consoles are a fair price, but replacement controllers can go up to $15 so make sure it comes with controllers.
I dont like this one as much as the nes but i still like allot of the games on it and i still play it now. Yes i know that the nes has 8-bit and this has 16-bit and the sound is much better but most of the games for the snes r kind of weird. I have a whole bunch of games but i do not like have of them and the reason i have them is because this was my uncles. The only games that i like for it is mario, zelda, metroid, battle toads, and kirby. And i love each and every one of them. Other than the weird games this is an excellent system.
First off, my SNES is currently about 20 years old and still works like new.  So it's a well-built little machine.  Second of all, it may be old, but it has great games.  And the graphics and sound are all right, too.  It's such a fun console, even after all these years.  (I would seriously recommend the three Donkey Kong Country games, Zelda: A Link to the Past, and Illusion of Gaia.)  There's not really much else to say.  I just really like this console, so I think you'll enjoy it, too.
Street Fighter II made such a huge impact in the arcade scene and video games in general. The first game in the series made a little bit of noise and had a cult following leading up to the release of the second game to the arcades. Who knew that history was being made as SF II gave birth to the fighting game genre and revolutionized video games at the same time. Everyone went crazy as soon as they played this game to death while mastering all of the characters' moves, combos & strategies; players were sharing what they knew or found out between each other. No other arcade game had such a deep and devoted following and created tournament style gaming like Street Fighter II. Then, Capcom shocked everyone by announcing a port of Street Fighter II was coming to the SNES and it was released in 1992. This port was revolutionary for its time because while Capcom made changes to the game, the core essence remained and it was still as fun to play as it was in the arcades.Street Fighter II is a fighting game where you face off against the computer in a series of matches that lead up to the game's main villain, M. Bison. You choose from one of eight characters, face off against the other 7 characters, then you go up against 4 boss characters (including M. Bison.) Each character has his/her own storyline and ending so you find out their specific reasons for wanting to fight M. Bison. After every third match, you enter a bonus stage where you get to earn additional points before the timer runs out (there are 3 bonus stages in total.) The game features a 2 player vs. mode so you can take on another human player but you can only choose from the 8 characters and not the additional boss characters. Finally, there is an option screen where you can change the buttons on your controller, play audio tracks from the game and adjust the difficulty level of the game. As an added bonus, there's a code you can use where both players can use the same character in a match.The PROS: This was revolutionary because they took an arcade game that was 58 megabits in size and shrunk it down into a 16 mega-bit cartridge. While changes were made, it looked and sounded close to what the arcade game was. On top of that, the controls were perfect. The game used every button on the SNES controller so Capcom did not have to compromise the button scheme at all. The rules of the arcade game were the same as the SNES port so you weren't missing out at all as far as how your character moves or what strategies to use against the computer or another human player. The same character code was such a sweet bonus as it was NOT featured in the Street Fighter II arcade game.The CONS: Like I said before, this is not a perfect port. In order for the game to retain the same feel, Capcom had to make changes across the board for this game to fit and work properly. There are too many to list but it doesn't hurt the overall experience too much as there were people who never got the chance to play it in the arcades. For them, buying this game for the SNES was a perfect way to find out what the hype was all about. What is surprising is that when you put the difficulty level to its highest point, it is 100 times harder than the arcade game so only the most skilled SF players were able to defeat M. Bison at the highest difficulty level.It was a great time to have the SNES as Capcom would release a port of Street Fighter II: Champion Edition for the Sega Genesis more than a year after Street Fighter II was released for the SNES. Not only did fighting games become popular, but the gap between the quality of arcade games and their ports to home consoles became smaller and it was starting to become common to see popular arcade games ported to SNES, Genesis, etc. If by chance, you have never played any of the earlier Street Fighter II games, you can either pick up a used SNES copy, look for the numerous Street Fighter anthology collections that are out there or download this title for the Wii via their Virtual Console service for 800 points (US $8.) I recommend you try it out if you haven't done so yet.
Excellent classic fighting game, brings back the old days just playing it again.  Of course, in my opinion SF2 Turbo was a little more fun having all the characters and smoother action.  Still, great game.
Christmas of 1992 is when I started to get hooked on Street Fighter II.  Executing the special moves were a bit of a challenge for me at first , but I relied on that instruction book 100% of the time and I learned to master the ha-do-kens, dragon punches, sonic booms, whirl wind kicks, and yoga fires in no time.  I've acutally first played Street Fighter II in the arcades, but I had no idea on what I was doing and didn't have too many quarters to be waisting on figuring out the moves.  This was one of the first fighting games ported on a 16 bit (or any) console and the graphics were true to the arcades.  My favorites characters to use were of course Ryu and Ken and both have amazing endings, however you must finish the game on normal or hard in order to achieve an individual ending for each of the eight characters.  The harder the difficulty level, the better the game.  Chung Li, Blanka, and Guile were great choices too (as fast, agile, powerful, and easy to use as Ryu and Ken).  Since there are unlimited continues on Street Fighter II, you have the option to practice on defeating your challengers from around the world, plus take on the bosses Saget, Vega, Balrog, and M. Bison (the main villian/antagonist of the game who happened to murder Chung Li's dad and Guile's best friend, Charlie).  I would only recommend purchasing this game for true old school gamers.  Street Fighter II Turbo and Super Street Fighter II are definitley worth your money and more superior.  The Champion Edition on Sega Genesis has a better soundtrack, but I gave it a bad review due to a missing pause button and limited contol buttons.  Because of that, I consider the Super NES version the better out of the Original Street Fighter II console releases.
Square began to experement with cinema style RPGs with Parasite Eve, based upon the book of the same name. As far as I am aware it seems that this game is a sequel of sorts to that novel, and alothough I do not believe the novel has been translated to English there is a movie based upon it that has been released state side by ADV films. The film is subtitled and not very good but does help to add more depth to the "universe" of Parasite Eve.I won't write much about the story, it is sufficent to say that the story is the driving force of this game which is a lot of fun, but like with other "experimental games" not without its flaws.The first flaw that this game has is that is controls seem a bit un responsive, and Aya moves very stifly. This game could have benifited from the motion capture techneques that were later used on Final Fantasy VIII. The next flaw is that the random encounters simmer down and eventually stop. You can "wip out" all enimes in a particular area making it hard to level up to riduculous levels of speed an power. Random encounters are a pain as it is, but if you're going to have them let me have enough of them to get up to level 99 and wipe the floor with the end guy.However the weapon mods are interesting, the overall gamplay is very innovative and over all this game was great. It is just a shame it was so short and impossible to make Aya an all powerful unstopable juggarnaut like you can with other RPGs.
If you are a fan of both survival horror/adventure and Role Playing, then pick up a copy of this interesting video game. If not, don't even bother. It's a fantastic experience that almost everyone can enjoy.
Parasite Eve is a game that blends both the survival-horror and RPG genres together, keeping the best of both worlds.  Ultimately, this makes this a unique game the likes of which I've never seen successfully repeated (yes, the sequel is quite bad).  That being said, I really enjoyed this game, and I'm sure you will too!Graphics (score 7/10): The graphics look a bit dated by today's standards, and weren't even the absolute best for their time.  However, they look good enough, and are not too displeasing to the eye.  The CG cutscenes still look excellent, in my opinion, and do a good job of showcasing the freaky creatures that the game features.Music (score 8/10): I really love the music for this game; I even went and got the soundtrack because I enjoyed it so much.  My only complaint is that the opera scene in the game uses a synthesized vocal track which sounds absolutely hideous compared to the regular opera singer's voice on the soundtrack.  Why they didn't just use the un-synthesized song is beyond me.  Also of note is the excellent exploration-related sound effects.  I don't think I've ever heard squeakier, creepier door sounds in my life.  Yes, these sounds are a bit unnaturally loud, but they are well-suited to this type of game, and add to the creepiness factor.  Unfortunately, in battle sounds like gunshots are oddly muted--eve the rocket launcher is quiet.  One more thing--even though the music itself is great, there are times when it is strangely absent.  At times I can tell that the silence is used for dramatic effect, at other times it just seems random.  For instance, the Weapons Department of the police station (where I store my excess crap) almost always has no music, but the rest of the station does.  This makes no sense at all.  Oh well.  Rest assured that the negative points to the music really don't detract much from the overall fine experience.Characters (score 8/10): Aya is the main character, and the only character which you will get to control.  That being said, I really liked her and think she is more than capable of carrying the game alone.  Being a survival-horror sort of game, only having one character helps add to the feeling of loneliness and fear since you are on your own.  One thing I really like about Aya is that she is not treated like a stereotypical girly-girl nor as a blatant sex-object.  This unfortunately seems to happen a lot in games where the main character is female.  She is very much a believable no-nonsense cop.  After seeing too many games where the female characters fight while wearing mini-skirts and heels (who fights monsters in a mini-skirt?!), I've really started to appreciate the fact that the designers opted for realism in Parasite Eve and put Aya in jeans, sneakers, and a jacket.  It's really unusual to see such a believable female lead character, and I'm very pleased.  As for the other, supporting characters (and even Aya herself), they do not get a lot of background information or dialogue, and do not really get a lot of character development.  The other characters are really more archetypal characters, such as the workaholic cop who doesn't spend enough time with his family, or the nerdy, socially inept scientist.  Even though their personalities aren't deeply developed, you can still understand and relate to them as characters because you're familiar with the archetypes.  This lack of deeper characters normally wouldn't work in a traditional RPG, but the game pulls it off well because it is more story-driven.Story (score 9/10): The story takes place in a fairly short amount of time (6 days), but it's very engaging.  True, the premise of sentient mitochondria is a bit far-fetched, but if you suspend your disbelief, the story is incredibly enjoyable.  Square did a good job of crafting a creepy tale full of hideous monsters that'll keep you on the edge of your seat.  The main storyline is great, but one thing I must point out (without spoiling anything) is that the bonus ending (for going through the Chrysler Building in the EX Game) is a real bust.  I felt so cheated after seeing that ending--it is way not worth the effort to get.  However if you stick to the main game, you're likely to have a great time.Battle System (score 10/10): The game designers did a great job of blending action elements and turn-based gameplay to give us an enjoyable hybrid.  You can move Aya freely around during battle to dodge enemy attacks while waiting for your time bar to fill.  Once it's full, you hit the X button to bring up an attack menu and a grid.  The grid shows you the range of you're weapon.  Simple, yes?  Also, you can opt to open up your menu when you get your turn and use an item instead of attacking.  The game features many guns and armor which can be customized by using a "tool" to add features from one weapon/armor onto another.  You also get bonus points when you level up which can be used to increase your inventory size, the speed of your time bar, or weapon/armor stats.  Overall, I found the customization feature to be very enjoyable.Gameplay (score 7/10): This is a bit of a catch-all category for me.  One thing that I found annoying was Aya's running speed; it's like her feet are sticky or something because she runs really slowly.  Another thing that was a bit annoying is that the game has random battles, but they aren't exactly random.  There are "hot spots" on the floor that can trigger random battles if you happen to step in that area.  Unfortunately, these are somewhat few and far between, and the more they are triggered, the lower your chances of getting that spot to trigger again.  While this is good because you have fewer random battles than a normal RPG, it would've been easier to level-raise if the game featured just regular old random battles that trigger every few steps or so.  Other than that, the gameplay is mostly positive.  I really enjoy how you can return to previous locations to level-raise or get items (can't leave the final area at the end of the game, unfortunately).  I also like the fact that they kept the survival-horror feel of having limited inventory space but also gave you a convenient place you can store extra items (in the Weapons Department of the Police Station).  Overall, I think the game designers did a very good job of combining the best elements of survival-horror and RPG gameplay.Overall (score 9/10): NOTE this score is not an average; it's my subjective overall score.  If you're a fan of RPG's and always wanted to play a survival-horror game but really hate the gameplay element of the latter, then Parasite Eve is for you!  It's really quite sad that Parasite Eve is the only game I've found that successfully pulls off this blending of genres; I really wish there were some more (Parasite Eve 2, unfortunately, was quite awful).  I strongly urge you to add this game to your collection; you won't be disappointed!
Parasite Eve - Circa 1998GOOD:- Different and interesting story- Customizable weapons and itemsBAD:- Graphics looked dated, to today video game players- Tough game, some dungeons are tediousIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- A Sci-fi urban RPG set in NYC- Not turn based but action based, with turn based elements- Multiple endings- Customizable items and weaponsGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Resident Evil 2- Parasite Eve 2ADDITIONAL NOTES:- This game uses real sites and places from NYC
This game is definately interesting.  The story is very scientific and supernatural.  The battle system was cool as well.  You must let your parasite energy charge to do special attacks.  (Like MP.)  The games very short but has a replay mode so you will play it again, giving it 20 hours of gameplay.  If you can pick it up cheap, then pick it up.
Xenogears is one of those premier titles that for some reason you can't attack. Unlike Final Fantasy VII which has just as much naysayers as it as fanatics, Xenogears is one of those kind of games where any attempt to label it less than a masterpiece is met with "you just didn't get it" or "you don't know good videogames then". So allow me to be one of the few that will say the game is in the "gray area": it's a good, even great game but it's just shy from the awesomeness everyone says it is.Story: Fei lives in Lahan, a quiet pastoral-like village. One night, massive robots called Gears(similar to Evangelion's EVA's) land and Fei jumps in an unoccupied Gear to fight them off. Something is awakened however inside him and he unleashes, which doesn't bode well for his village. Shunned by the villagers, he leaves and finds himself in a massive plot with serious religious overtones.Graphics: It's the Playstation so it does look a bit outdated. However the graphics at times are nice to look at during the cities/locations. The overworld looks awful while battles look pretty decent, especially the Gear battles. The only problem is the camera sometimes. It's 3D so you can rotate the camera but sometimes the camera won't go higher or lower so sometimes it's pretty much guesswork how high something is.Sound/Music: Funny how both opposites these are. First off, the VA during the anime cutscenes are fine but the lip-sync is even worse than old kung fu movie dubs. The music however is excellent and you should definately track down the soundtrack.Gameplay: The battle system is slightly different than that "tap X" stuff but not by much. You get 3 moves, Weak, Mid and Strong. Weak takes 1 AP, Mid 2 and Strong takes 3. You have a certain limit of AP that you can use. However, you can decide to "save" it and add it to a meter. Save up enough and you can unleash one Deathblow move after another. The only problem is that I couldn't find any indication on what your Deathblow moves were. It's pretty much trial and error trying to figure out what the combos are, or simply research on the internet. I went through a good 5 hours before I realized how to get a Deathblow cause there was no way of knowing what they were, let alone how to get one.The Gear battles are somewhat the same, except each move costs Fuel and you have a preset limit. You can Charge to replenish your Fuel or you can Booster which costs Fuel but your attacking is better. Your Deathblows as a human are important because they carry over to your Gears as well. And they're quite important too. One early battle in my gear I was doing all my best attacks against one boss and I didn't know how to heal Gears yet so he completely beat me before he even got close to dying. Learning deathblows, I quickly beat him afterwards.How's the story? Well it's well-written sure with a lot of religious references and elements. However, the game's so serious that the characters in a way feel like ways to advance the plot without being fleshed out. Also what I call the teaser happens too often. That's the "wait, this happened, could it be he's...?" parts and you find out 2 hours later what that is. Questions upon questions get piled up leaving you quite confused until later.It's certainly a recommendable game, it's just not one of those "best RPG ever" ones, it's merely one of their better ones.
I absolutely love this game.  People always review games and movies saying "This is the best ever!"  Well, I will not hesitate to say that this is the third best game i've ever played.  In rank: Tied for first place is Final Fantasy 7 and ICO, third place is Xeno.  FF7 and Ico are just far to supurb to rank lower but to different in styles to say which is better.  Xeno follows up so closely... here's the Lowdown.Genre: RPG, Sci-fi.  Mecha styled with Anime as it's foundation for themes and artstyle.Graphics: PSOne level, entry level graphics.  Uses 3d environments for moving around in with 360 view.  Characters and such are depicted with 2D sprites with many many frames.  3 member party follows behind main player.RPG/Square Elements: ATB.  3 member battle party.  4 euipment, 1 weapon 3 accessories (same for Gear).  Support and Elemental Magic.  Save Points.  XP, EP(MP).  CG and Anime cutscenes.Battle System:  The battle system is unique (one would think that this game was a beta test for Chrono Cross.  There are two combat modes, walking or Gear.  Walking of course is person to person fighting (sprite graphics).  You have several options but what drives the entire walking combat system are death blows.  At the beginning of the turn you have a full attack bar, anywhere from 3 to 7 points can be spent.  Three attacks Easy, medium and heavy cost 1, 2, and 3 points respectively.  After a certain combination is inputed, the character will execute a deathblow, given that it is learned.  This is a major part of the walking combat system.  If you do not spend these points in the attack bar, they go to an AP meter.  After enough AP is acquired if can be spent for a chain of death blows.  AP resets after the battle.  The gear combat is similar except only one attack can be made.  After every attack the characters gains an Attack Level up to 3 levels.  At any level ther can be a combo pulled off for more damage that will reset the Attack level.  Now Gear combat is also driven with fuel and it is used for every action except an ether attack (magic).  Items help to add do the damage, quickness and other stats.  DeathBlower items add the deadliest combos to the gear battles.  Booster mode spends more fuel but hightens speed.--A very neat thing that Square did with this game was to make the HP's of the gears and the players relative.  Players have a 999HP max while gears have a 99,999 HP max.  While palyers level up with XP, gears only level up with parts.  There is no part on a gear that makes it 99,999 though (scene once in a storyline battle).  A character may cuase 200 poins of damage to a gear, usually a killing blow to many walking enemies, but a mere scratch to the gear.Square really tried to make a great game here, and they have.  I believe they made a great game... but that's becuase i can see its potential and really judge RPG's more from a storyline basis and a character basis than anything else.  What really happened here?  Square made a game that exceeded the PSOne's capabilities.  Simple.  What happened then?  Square sacrificed so many things to make the game playable on the PS1 and thus almost ruined it.  It lacks so many things that we now find standard.  The controls are easy to get but there is no customization menu... no text speed control, just options for sound (Mono, stereo, wide stereo).  The menu is easy to maneuver and the Save Menu allows you to copy games and delete games, even Non-Xeno games, which is a plus.  What else... well they sacrificed the cutscenes too... for the legnth of the game they kept the wonderful Anime to only the most important scenes... and the CG only covers what seems to be just what is most cool looking.  I found many moments when i was yelling at it saying "And you didn't Animate that scene?  God, that was one of the most important scenes."  After having beaten the game i can see that the truly vital scenes are what is animated.There is a neat little battleling between gears.  It's tekken like... kinda.  Not really.  It has 2 attack buttons, a jump, ether missile, dash and block.  It's a neat little minigame that will let you acquire two of the greatest items in the game... DeathBlower 3 and the GNSR(summ'n-or-other)50 which increases the Gear attack by 50%.  The strength of your gear does not effect the gears performance in the battle arena though.What really bothered me was the text storyline sequence in the second disk...  Just about all the second disk is key battle to key battle.  I would assume that this was to save room in the story, maybe it would have been too long any other way, but it just seems less fun... more movie-ish-like in the second disk.And about that storyline... it's really good.  I liked it.  But the way it is expalined and handed to you is so confusing... even when they go to explain it to you, you're confused.  I'm pretty quick and got it, but boy my roommate mind boggled.  It's kinda good in a way... gives you a reason to play it a second time.It is essentially a good game.  But it seems that it could have had more to it... though it was long i would have liked to see the rest of it first hand instead of through the words of the characters invovled.  It is really twisted plot that holds many mysteries and ultimately will make sense.  But just as you think you understand you really don't.  I would highly recommend this game to those with patience.  Power gamers would like this game too.  I would also highly recommend this game to Square's Re-release board... for a remake, adding more to it now with up to 7 times more space on the PS2 dvd... and better graphics... such and such.  It is a good game.  Has a little anime blood in it, but nothing really big.  A common violence package that Final fantasy games are used to seeing.  Has a religious context, but really isn't.If you know Chrono Trigger, Lucca makes a Cameo appearance.Happy Gaming.
It's a shame to know that such a wonderful concept of a game had to go through budget cuts due to other Final Fantasy games coming out.  Xenogears is a pure RPG classic.  However, I only recommend this to those who are in love with the RPG genre and also whom don't mind to read for long periods of time.  This brought a great gaming experience, but some times frustrating.  Often the mazes the characters were forced to find their way through brought on a lot of aggravation when there were a lot of random encounters.  By the time the battle was through one could almost have forgotten where they came from.The Pros: Excellent story with strong, believable characters.Beautifully done animated cutscenes with voice-oversFun battle system with learned combos and magic.Quite a lengthy game, (took me 63 hours to complete)A gorgeous musical score, (get the soundtrack too!)The Cons: Often times frustrating areas to explore.Graphics can be quite pixilatedThe battle sounds are quite repetitiveOverall, Xenogears is one of those hidden, "treasures" in my oppinion. However, if you are not an avid RPG player, young into the genre, and lack patience for lots of reading, Xenogears may not be the game for you.  Though the game is hard to find, (which may change, since it may soon become a Greatest Hit) Although if you can't wait, and believe your game collection is not complete with out it, (which is what I believe), run and get it now, it is worth a great cost. If the gameplay doesn't capture you, then at least the heartwarming, yet complex story will...and vice versa.  There's enough to love about this game!
When I first played Xenogears, I thought it was absolutely awesome.  Its been awhile, and after thinking about it this game is pretty messed up.  It has some good qualities, but isn't as incredible as I thought it was.First to mind is the characters.  They are really cool, and somewhat unique, like Billy the gun-toting priest, or Rico the arena battling green thing.  What could be better?  I did have some problems with the main character Fei though.  I have never been able to forgive games for having characters which refuse to fight "because fighting is bad, and it kills people".  Especially when their own and other's lives are on the line.  I can't stand that.  Anyway, Fei gets over it, and I got over it, but that is cliched, and quite frankly, lame.Xenogears has an excellent turn-based combat system.  It uses varying levels of attacks (you can do 4 or 5 light attacks, or 1 or 2 heavy ones), combines those with combo moves, and the ability to build up combo chains, to create a fun, challenging battle system.  There are magic attacks, of course, but they are almost always worthless (useless magic is another feature which annoys me).  The addition of Gear (giant robot) battles adds a lot more to the game.  Gear combat is essentially the same as normal combat, but they are tougher, have different moves, and tend to fight cooler bosses.  I don't think there were too many gear battles, but the second disk definitely could have used more unarmed combat (like I said, the characters are cool).The soundtrack is good, better than a lot of video game music, but I don't really remember anything spectacular about it.  The graphics are just okay, but Xenogears is old, and it is an RPG.  All in all, I didn't mind them.  They weren't good or bad enough to ever pay attention to.  The Xenogears jewel case claims that there are 10 minutes of Anime cut scenes.  There are about 30 seconds through most of the game, and 9 minutes at the end.  Although, Anime cut scenes fail to thrill me, in nearly every situation.Now, on to the story.  The plot line of Xenogears is potentially excellent, involving a nice mix of commentary on religion and ethics, and it was gratifying to have a change from "Hero goes on a quest, saves the day, repeat".  However, the story was flawed.  It was difficult to comprehend, and almost ruined, if not by its complexity, then by its poor translation.  The words the people say don't make any sense (especially towards the end).  In addition, most of the philosophical/religion/science/whatever stuff turns out to be sort of pointless (in a sort of "lets have a cross somewhere, and maybe something about the purpose of life or something" sort of way).  It is also full of the classic cut scenes that won't make sense until 25 hours later (or ever).  They add some ambiance, but several of them never do come back up again.  There were issues that left me scratching my head that were never resolved.  The ending itself was difficult and awesome.  It is worth it (at least, as worth it as any 60 hour game's ending will ever be).All in all, Xenogears is probably one of the best Playstation RPG's out there.  It might be somewhat overwhelming to younger players or those new to the RPG genre (although, it was only the third non-Genesis RPG I ever beat, and I was 14 at the time).  Xenogears is a classic that should be played by every RPG fan.  I highly recommend it.
There are games that we play once and never touch again. These games fade into history with little thought or attention. Then there are games like Xenogears which fall into another category: classics. A type of game that people will still be playing for years to come. Legions of fans exist for games like Xenogears that keep interest alive and well in internet forums and chat rooms and even Amazon review pages. So after 10 years I decided to revisit Xenogears, the classic PS1 RPG.The most striking thing about Xenogears is how well the game has withstood the test of time. For being over 10 years old the graphics are still competent and actually quite good. The CG sequences show Squaresoft's flair for jaw-dropping sequences. A chill ran up my spine reading the introduction to the game: "I am the Alpha and the Omega", "The beginning and the end". Truly epic words that mark the beginning of an epic game. The game itself is a composite of sprite based characters and polygon based backgrounds. Everything is colorful and well rendered considering the age of the source material. The biggest feat in my opinion is that the environments are completely 3D, you can freely rotate the camera for a better perspective. Contrast that with Final Fantasy titles that features mainly static environments and cameras.The storyline is as complex and mature as Square games get. You'll start with the main chracter Fei Wong, who lives in a small village and remembers nothing of his past short of small flashbacks. What unfolds is a world changing storyline that's a cross between A Brave New World and the Christian Bible. A game like Xenogears makes you wonder whether what you know as fact is really just that. I don't want to spoil anything by going too much deeper so I'll stop there but anyone interested in a deep story will absolutely love Xenogears.Gameplay is centered around traditional Japanese RPG turn-based mechanics. Though your characters control more like a fighting game than a RPG. Characters can execute combos that require inputs of button presses. The combos are initially hidden and the more you fight the more combos you can unlock for each character. Magic is of course present in the game and the various characters have their own specialty, whether attack magic or healing. By far one of the coolest features is the extensive use of 'Gears' in the game. Gears are in essence giant walking mechs a la Mechwarrior. Gears are combat multipliers that make absolutely devastating attacks. Throughout the game characters will use gears at an increasing rate and the gears play a central role in the title.The in game musical score is in my opinion one of the best of any Squaresoft game including the heralded Final Fantasy series. The musical tracks can at times be haunting when a particularly poignant scene is taking place or riveting when in the midst of combat.So why then only 4-stars for Xenogears? Well there are a few problems with the game. First, Xenogears features various platforming sections throughout the game. None of these sections control very well and can be frustrating when repeated missing jumps and having to trudge your way back only to miss the jump again - all while constantly battling off enemies. Second, Xenogears is a 2-disc game though the entire contents of the 2nd disc feel rushed. It's almost like Squaresoft rushed the development process along of Xenogears halfway through. You'll go from playing the game and experiencing the set pieces first hand to reading about battles and story elements via in-game dialogue. It's a dramatic turn in the game that isn't wholly welcome. This shift doesn't ruin the game but it's disappointing because of what could have been had the game been fully developed.As of this writing Xenogears has not yet made it to the PlayStation Network Store. Though hopefully that will change soon so more players can have access to this incredible game!
You've probably heard/read from many magazines and reviewers that the Nintendo 64 is comparable to the House of Usher: fallen. But the truth is that Nintendo 64 has a lot to offer. She doesn't have as many games her cousin, the Sony Playstation, but the N64 can hold her own in the console wars with exlcusive hits like Super Mario 64, Perfect Dark, and Wave Race 64 to name a few. Nintendo 64's main weakness has been that she uses cartridges instead of CDs: cartridges are more expensive and would cost billions to hold as much memory as CDs.Should you decide to purchase this system (if you haven't already), here is a list of my recommended games:Super Mario 64Perfect DarkBanjo-KazooieBanjo-TooieMischief MakersWave Race 64Goemon's Great AdventureDiddy Kong RacingThese are just a few games. Experiment a bit and see what suits you.
Pokemon Stadium is a great game that allows trainers to battle with the pokemon that they spent sooo much time training on their GameBoy pokemon red, blue, & yellow games! Note: You cannot use pokemon from the gold, silver, crystal, ruby, and sappire games, not to mention FR/LG versions of the game. I used to love playing this game back in 1999, but during the time that I used to play this game, I started to realize strange coincidences that always seemed to work in the enemy's favor! For some strange reason, moves with low accuracy, such as FISSURE, that also terminates one pokemon in a single hit! Would strike my pokemon WAY to often! Just to clarify, this is how it works, FISSURE only has a 30% chance of hitting an opponent, yet it seemed to strike my pokemon every time without fail! I have been know to refer to these coincidences as "Cheat-detectors" Because they only seem to happen if you are literally dominating your opponent! FISSURE is only an example, these "Cheat-detectors" can pop up at any time and effect any attack, you may find your attacks continueously missing you opponents pokemon for no appearent reason!!! These Cheat-detectors also exist in PokeMon Stadium 2, but I am not sure if they exist in Pokemon Colosseum for the GameCube, but I'll bet that they are! This is not so much of a set-back as it is an annoyance, Cheat-detectors dont make the game impossible to win, but they do get in the way of winning as well as annoy you to no end. Pokemon Stadium & Pokemon Stadium 2 are worth the money and are entertaining to play! I recommend buying them, but be ready for lots of strange coincidences that effect overall game play.Note: If you want to use your Game Boy trained pokemon from Red, Blue, or Yellow version in Pokemon Stadium... You will also need to buy a N64 Transfer Pak!written by,Shadowmage (the game maniac)
Crazy Taxi is something I would've recommended being ported to a portable. Maybe it was, but that's not why I got it. This was one of the Dreamcast's launch titles back when it launched in ol' 99. I would have to say any Dreamcast fan should have this in their collection. It represents the time when console games were become identical if not superior to the arcade versions.In the game you pick a taxi driver and zoom from one spot to the next picking up customers and taking them to a location within a time limit. It's definitely arcade quality as you'll probably only be spending a few minutes before time is up. This is also accompanied by a few select tracks from the Offspring band, something that was more recognizable back then and probably won't shine as much now. It gets old listening to the same songs so I would recommend to anyone looking to spend a lot of time with this game to pick up the Xbox Live or PSN versions as they probably have options to customize the soundtrack. This version however would be great for someone to play in short bursts which is why it would make a great portable. All in all, it makes a great addition to the Dreamcast library.
Crazy taxi is a great game, with great graphics, sound, and gameplay.  But of course the game has some, well.... alot of flaws.  The game was designed from the very popalare aracde game called, &quot;Crazy Taxi.&quot;(Of course)  The game does feature this aracade verison along with a new verison for dreamcast.  The game clevery mixed in humor, a some what different type of gameplay, and of course good plain fun.  Before I go into the basics I must clear up something, this is not a racing game.I'll start with the gameplay.  In Crazy Taxi you must pick-up persons and bring them to different areas.(Like the airport)  This is were the fun factor comes in.  There is 2 courses and a mini game area called crazy box.  The game also has 4 different drives, each with there own car and strenghts.  I must say Crazy Taxi does hold impressive gameplay.Next is the sound and the graphics.  The graphics are good, they are very smooth, clean, ect.  Yes, there is a small flaw in the graphics, a very unstable framerate.  In very dense areas of the game it feels like time stops, cause' of how slow it gets.  The sound is crisp, lots of different voice samples.  But in the sound comes another flaw, it's the soundtrack.  The soundtrack features; offspring and bad reiligon. This wouldn't be a problem if they had a bigger selection, there's only like four songs of the game.(This is the biggest drawback)Overall the game is worth ten bucks.  To be perfectly honest it's the perfect game to kick of your shoes and play.
Crazy Taxi gives you a simple goal: pick up the people, drive them to their destination, and then make money and earn extra time. What isn't included in that description is that the people are often grumpy and fat, and that to get to their destinations in time you'll have to break a few traffic laws. This makes the game an absolute must have. It is very hilarious to hear the customer's insults blare through the speakers, as well as to "accidently" drive off a building, into the river, or through the subway while you are supposed to be taking a lady to KFC. Yet, as funny as NOT playing the game right can be, playing it correctly is also very addictive. Trying to keep the time up is a very difficult task, and when it ends you get your rank based on how much money you made. I've only gotten up to rank #27. Seriously, if you don't like Taxi driving madness, there is something wrong with you. I do admit that it can get repetitive, after all it is a direct arcade port, but it is great fun when bored, upset, or when you are just wanting to play Dreamcast.
This game was good back in the day when I was younger. But now I wouldnt be as interested in playing it. But the game has pretty good graphics. The city scenes are pretty nice. The gameplay isnt bad, has pretty good control over the Taxi you drive and stopping etc. Its fun picking up people then afterwards dropping them off at their certain destination within a certain amount of time. And you have to drive through heavy traffic etc. Fun game but VERY repetitive. The WHOLE game is this. You cant really unlock anything. There isnt much to do in this game. Theres some Mini Games, that are easy and dont take long to beat at all. So what do to after that? No idea, play original mode. But its a decent game for a certain amount of time.
If you like good, American-style D&D; RPG's with tons of fast battles, then Icewind Dale (based on Bioware's Infinity Engine--also used in BG1) is for you!  The overall pace of the game is much faster and less tedious than BG1 and Tales of the Swordcoast.  The price is great, there's a lot to see and do and plenty of monsters to kill!  You'll definitely use the save function a lot in this game, but you won't find yourself getting frustrated as the difficulty seems pretty well balanced out.At this price...you can't go wrong by buying this title if you missed out on it or if Baldurs Gate II is a little out of your price range.  Lots of great gaming for a low price!!
A band of adventurers arrive at Easthaven, a town in the Icewind Dale region of Faerun, far to the north of most civilised lands on the far side of the Spine of the World. The town's mayor asks the adventurers to travel to Kuldahar, a village of druids in the foothills of the mountains, where they have reported strange goings-on. The adventurers agree, but are cut off in the foothills by an avalanche. Proceeding to Kuldahar on foot through an area inhabited by hostile creatures, the adventurers learn of a threat to all of Faerun that is developing in the mountains and the caverns under them, and they must defeat this threat before it's too late.Originally released in 2000, Icewind Dale was the third of the Dungeons and Dragons games using the Infinity Engine, developed by BioWare and Black Isle (now Obsidian). These three games were effectively an attempt to corner three distinct types of fantasy: Planescape: Torment was the 'arty', literary and philosophical game, essentially a video game equivalent to Gene Wolfe, whilst Baldur's Gate was the more traditional large-scale, long, broad-based and well-characterised epic, following in the trail of Tolkien. Icewind Dale, on the other hand, was the much more combat-oriented, sword and sorcery adventure, much more of a romp than the other two. This led it to getting somewhat mixed reviews at the time, though viewed in isolation from its forebears, its positive aspects become much more apparent.Starting off, Icewind Dale has you creating all six characters in the party, giving them names and deciding on their races and character classes. This is unlike Baldur's Gate, where you only created the leading character and then picked from a range of pre-existing companions, and also unlike Planescape: Torment, where you had a pre-generated character (though you could change his stats). This is the biggest change from the other games, since your party is totally user-generated there is little to none of the party interplay seen elsewhere. There is no possibility of romances or rivalries erupting between party-members, which removes some of the flavour and unpredictability of the earlier games, but also makes Icewind Dale a lot more old-school and traditional, which is not entirely a bad thing.Once you've created your party, it's RPG business as usual. You can explore the opening town, solve a few puzzles (usually through item quests or combat, though you can resolve a few quests through dialogue alone) and so on before you're given the main quest. You have to fight your way through the mountains to Kuldahar (a town built in and around a colossal tree), which becomes your base of operations as you range out on various missions for the denizens of the town. These involve a lot of dungeon explorations and assaults on temples and castles held by various enemies, so a combat-focused party is a must, though the prevalence of traps and sorcerous opponents means you want to bring a thief and at least a couple of magic-users along as well.The game is well-written, but compared to the other Infinity Engine games straightforward (indeed, somewhat refreshingly so at times). There's a few nice twists but generally what you see is what you get, and what you get is a metric ton of combat. You fight dozens of different types of enemies, from orcs to powerful enemy wizards, and amass vast quantities of loot. You also level up at a rate of knots compared to other D&D-based; games. Generally speaking, if more than ten minutes go by without a ferocious combat sequence, something's gone wrong somewhere.Luckily, Icewind Dale uses a later iteration of the Infinity Engine, with stronger graphics (including the heaven-sent ability to change the graphics resolution to something bearable on a modern PC), a friendlier interface and more options for character classes and combat (not to mention being able to carry lots more loot). In fact, if you ignore the simple fact that the game is 2D and sprite-based (there are 3D options for spell effects, but these tend to be hit and miss with modern graphics cards), it's aged very well indeed. The hand-painted environments are gorgeous, the sound and music is of a very high quality and the combat is fast and furious (though, as usual, you can hit space to pause the game at any time to issue fresh orders). The pace is only let down by the traditional D&D; problem of having to rest every couple of fights to replenish spells, or having to quick-travel back to Kuldahar to unload the frankly ludicrous amounts of loot you amass on your quests at regular intervals. The game also ties in nicely (and unexpectedly) with the Icewind Dale trilogy of novels by R.A. Salvatore, despite taking place almost a century earlier (and fifteen years before Drizzt Do'Urden arrives in the area). This tie-in is very logical and satisfying, compared to the more obvious (and cheesy) cameos in the Baldur's Gate series.The minuses are, for the most part, the obvious side-effects of the positives. Almost every situation in the game is solved by you hacking your way through it (though there are a few more original and interesting puzzles along the way), and overall the game lacks subtlety. The writing and moody black-and-white cut scenes are great, but given you spend a lot of time in combat-focused dungeons, some time can go by between plot-related events happening, which occasionally threatens to reduce the game to a hard grind. And, as great as the graphics are, the harsh snow backdrops and the very large creatures show up some issues with the engine, leading to some pixellation. The combat focus of the game also means it's pretty unforgiving and total party kills are not uncommon. As with all Infinity Engine games, but moreso here, you need to have a finger hovering over the quicksave button at almost all times and remember to save between combats, before resting, after resting, before tackling a complex trap (especially the ones which can backfire and blow up your entire party if you fail a roll) and at least every five minutes regardless of anything else.That said, the game's not quite a brainless hack 'em up. The story, which it kicks in every now and then, is intriguing and the writing, when it does appear, is generally pretty good (as you'd expect from some of the same team behind Planescape: Torment). These elements give the game a bit more depth than its reputation suggests. In fact, if the game does suffer in departments, it's usually through comparisons to its contemporaries. Taken on its own merits and in isolation, a rewarding and impressive CRPG emerges.Icewind Dale (****) is a fun, furious and enjoyable roleplaying game which has aged excellently, and is let down only in comparison to more story and roleplaying-focused RPGs. For those looking into a great dungeon-exploring or more action-based RPG, Icewind Dale more than satisfies.Due to the game's age, there are a variety of ways of getting it. The Good Old Games edition may be preferable since it has been optimised to run on Windows 7 and Vista with no problems, and also includes the free expansion Trials of the Luremaster (which needs to be downloaded separately for the other editions). You can also get it as part of a triple-pack with the paid-for expansion, Heart of Winter, and Icewind Dale II (UK, USA) or as a boxed copy with just the expansion (UK, USA).
This game is one of the funnest games out there, but the length and levels are what need improvement. The graphics and sound are slightly above average. What really makes this game fun is that you can now combine 2 Kirby abilities to make one very powerful ability. The boss battles aren't as good as some of the other kirby games, but they are still fun overall. The level design is usually great, but a few levels are boring. I rate this game 86/100.
Kirby is a great game but it was a bit too easy.  The graphics are good on this game, they are not exactly Perfect Dark but thats what we dont want, we want a game thats okay in graphics and great in gameplay and thats whats delivered through Kirby.  The levels are plentyfull the appeal is for all ages and it is a game that you will go back to, so i recommend making the investment.
Kirby 64 is the game which tells the story of everyone's favorite cream puff.  This is a classic for anyone below the age of 13, and a good game to get started with, but if you are an older person, the game isn't much of a challenge.  This game is a classic sidescroller which is a welcome change.  The entire point is to find all of the crystal shards, but this is not a hard task.  You can combine moves from enemy's which represent war elements, ( fire, Rock, Ice, Sharp, bomb, and shot).  This is the most observable change in the fantastic Kirby formula.  I'd reccommend this game as a rental for older people, but you should definitely buy it if you are a beginner or if you want a game that you can just sit back and relax with.
This is most definetely a great game. It nails originality, and the graphics are very good for when the game was released. However, if fans of Hitman 2 are going to backtrack, they will run into some problems. The sequel (on PS2) allowed you to switch between first and trird-person perpectives, this one is all third person. Because of that, camera problems do arise. Second of all, Hitman 2 was on 3 major consoles, so it reached out to a different audience. Those who prefer console gaming, or are used to playing Hitman on PS2 will notice that a keyboard and mouse does not help the controls, but actually hurts them. It is a great game, but you will probably enjoy it more if you haven't been spoiled by Hitman 2.
One of the best stealth oriented games ever created. They incorporate missions in which you can choose stealth or straight violence. Filled with real weapons, all kinds of ways to kill people. One of the best stress relievers ever!. I highly recommend playing this before the sequels so you can appreciate them more. The whole series is amazing. Only reason I docked a star on the overall rating was that it was 3rd person only whereas the sequels all let you choose 1st or 3rd. I much rather prefer 1st for a game of this type.
The seller was analog1980, and I paid 4 bucks for the game (used). It's a classic. It reminds me of the Bourne Identity movie. The game graphics are decent, the sounds are well done, the controls are fine, and an interesting story unfolds. The latest patch is 1.92 (also known as SP1). It runs fine on my PC with Windows XP Home SP3. It's the kind of game that I would replay in the future.Visit my Amazon Collections to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:http://www.amazon.com/gp/customers/A12LH2100CKQO/collections
This game has a simply cool premise that needed some more game design than it got.  The only real faw is that the missions are very hard with out more information at hand BEFORE you luanch the mission. The map you are given is only a over head view with nothing important marked. You would think an assasin would look over the area before jumping in.  As such the only way you will learn is by replaying the missions- A LOT. With out in-game saves this get old fast, the fun goes down the toilet.But the game does offer some good graphics and an interesting story. The guns are well done and the AI is good enough. This is a must have if you like thinking shooters, but if you do not have the time or patients. You get to do a lot of cool stuff, like car bombs and sneeking around dressed as a enemy. This alone is fun and almost makes up for the lack of information you need to pull it off in a few tries.
The Hitman (code name 47) was cloned by a scientist for the purpose of assassinating worldwide terrorists, gunrunners, and drug lords. Mr. 47 works under cover of a mysterious agency that assigns him on missions around the world to takeout the most wanted criminals, and is rewarded with large sums of money per hit that can exceed thirty thousand dollars. But this is no takeoff of any James Bond movie. 47 is much too inhuman to thrill-ride all the ladies, and was designed to feel no emotion, or desire in an underground laboratory.Now some details on game play itself. Expenses at times are taken out of your income if you accidentally-or purposely-kill unnecessary targets such as police officers or civilians that often stand in your way (can't buy all the best guns if you blow all your money on just killing people, which includes sniper rifles, and an assortment of automatics, some of which come with silencer attachments to further improve your performance as a professional killer). The game encourages you to find alternate ways that are not always so obvious to make your hit. Encouraging stealth and perfection. Hence, the game's primary challenge. Besides, if you just open fire on anything that moves in this game (like what we see with too many other games) you'll maybe live 10 or 15 seconds after the first shot. Stealth is the key. Every mission can be beaten without you ever getting shot, or spotted (I know people don't believe that, but believe it or not I can make those Columbian levels look as easy as the very first mission). Ways to avoid detection include hiding the bodies of the people you kill, dressing as the enemy (gangs and terrorist groups alike often have certain dress-code and you can take the clothes of any person you kill in this game) poisoning, waiting for certain patrolmen guarding your main target to separate and taking them out one by one with a silenced pistol. And many other ways, depending on the situation.The AI of all moving people in this game is superb. You can literally hide behind any given object (dresser, tree, bookshelf) after you have been discovered, and the enemies won't know where you are until they see you, even when they are in the same room. In most games they just come right to you. If their backs are turned you can sneak up on them to either slit their throat or strangulate them, which I've seen in a few other games, but not to this astounding degree. If you sniper someone from afar, people will gather around the body (which could be helpful if the congregated group of people are all people you prefer dead). Your un-silenced weapons will be heard if fired and frighten civilians or alert the enemy. People turn their heads to look at you if you walk by. If one yelps too loud in the instant it takes you to pull out your gun and shoot him, others will come. The thing is, they REACT! They are not just mindless, close-knitted colored pixels on the screen. They react to sound, to your presence, and to the things you do.  In fact, the AI is too good. There have been incidents where I was following someone too close and the draw of my weapon was actually HEARD, causing the person I pursued to turn around, to see the gun in my hand, and to draw a weapon of his own in the second it took me to shoot him smack-dead in the face.Close one. Amazing how many miles per hour your heart can accelerate in a matter of seconds...This game can be sick, challenging, exciting, and most of all, engrossing. You can just kiss all the hours of a whole weekend away playing this beautiful game. The only drawback is that there is no in-game save. It saves automatically after you complete each mission. Hitman 2 is just as good, if not better (some of the quirks in the AI in Hitman 1 was corrected in Hitman 2, the graphics are ten times better and there is in-game save in Silent Assassin). Hitman 3 is out this Spring. Don't neglect this series. Buy it now. Hitman 1 is available for PC only. I would have never played it if it were not for playing Hitman 2 on playstation, the best game console ever.
Despite mixed reviews, i was intent on picking this title up.  And i was very pleased with it.The concept is exactly that: You are the Hitman.  Your Codename is 47.  You start by escaping a mental institution.  How did you get there?  Who is helping you get out?  Questions that are answered later as you make your way out.  Afterwards, the fun begins!Know this before you play:  This is a thinking man's game.  It requires intelligent thought and rational planning.  Don't go running in with your guns blazing.  You will need to use covert tactics.There are many different weapons to pick up, and you can change into the uniforms and clothing of most of the people you 'take-out'.  Many times, the success of the mission will depend on dressing up as a member of an organization or a bodyguard to get as close as possible to your target.  And remember, there is ALWAYS more than one way to success.Many complain of the complexity of missions and having to know everything by playing the level several times.  That simply is not true.  It is very easy to beat the level on your first time through.  You just have to be able to use your brain.  Its as simple as following instincts.  You are given enough information in your pre-mission briefing, and the map is clearly marked for you on where you are supposed to go.  After that, you go and wait for your opportunity.  There is always more than one way to complete a mission, which adds to the gameplay.  Complaints about the game moving slow are nothing more but impatience.  You MUST be patient in this game.  If you are not in the mood to think and act, then you will NOT enjoy it.Missions definitely do get more complex later on, but again, their is always information available to help you through, and once you get the feel for being the Hitman, it is easy enough.  As far as story goes, there really isnt much.  Your first few missions are pretty straightforward: You are Hitman.  Go and Kill.  But soon Hitman starts having flashbacks in between missions that evolve the story.  Overall, the concept is very good, and the last mission finally brings sense to the story.  However, as with most games these days, the ending leaves alot to be desired.  Lets hope for a sequel, because this game was alot of fun.There are quite a few problems i discovered.  Namely, the 3rd person angle gets quirky.  The camera has a habit of going in all directions at times, making control very difficult.  Sometimes you will end up getting stuck on objects in the level, requiring either mass button mashing to get yourself out, or a restart of the level.  There is no mid-level save, which is very annoying, because if you die, you can continue only twice, and once you continue, the target will most likely be aware of your presence, making the rest of the mission difficult.  However, if you are very skilled, you won't die too often.  There are also many graphical problems unless you are using a Voodoo 4 or higher.  Anything less, you will experience many graphical problems.  I recommend going with a GeForce 2, or possibly a GeForce 3.  Although the game seems to be optimized for Voodoo graphics cards, the company went out of business, so now Nvidia would be the optimal choice with their GeForce chipsets.All in all, a great game with a great concept.  If you are buying a new computer and are looking for a few games to start out with, i strongly recommend picking up Hitman.  IF you are patient and willing to put your mind into a game, rather than run in with guns blazing, then this is the game for you!
I like this game, it supports eax, opengl, directx3d, 3dfx/glide, realstic game, good gameplay, and is not the best out there but defnitley brings back the true spirit of fps!I reccomend this for any fps fan!I ran it on my p4 1.7, geforce2, 256mbram, 40ghz hdspace, directx8.1, and sb live!digital 1024v soundcard, AND winxp home edition! IT ran incredible!Buy it fps fans! I reccomend it! ps.(Sortove a little 2 voilent)
Yet another game that shows the talent that Sega has over Sony. PS2 has no games like this, rather rehashes of yester-generation games. AM2's Shenmue represents another new change in 3-D gaming, just like the change The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time had over previous adventure games. It also shows that Sega is just as creative in making new kinds of games as Nintendo.Shenmue is the brainchild of Yu Suzuki, who has created the most expensive game ever and a new type of gameplay he calls FREE. Of course, it follows a storyline, but the world of Shenmue is to explore the city of Yokosuka to get to where you want and when you need to. It's a complete living world. It has days and nights and the city is complete with your everyday usual stuff. Not since Super Mario 64 have I played a game that gives a new experience.The reason why I gave this game four stars is because the game is not one game, it's only the beginning, therefore once you beat it, you'll have to wait (and wonder) what's going to be in Chapter 2. Also, the game is too realistic here and there; for example, to call someone you'll have to individually press the digits on the phone pad, and as for the day and night feaure, the time is always consistant. You can't skip to the next day when you want to.Though with these flaws, there is no way Shenmue can be overlooked. It's a new type of game, and the majority of gamers won't care about its flaws too much because of all the possible things to do (when Super Mario 64 debuted, no one cared about its flaws like the annoying camera control, because, as stated, it was a new type of game and experience). Get a copy and enjoy.
Shenmue is simply a test of patience ....meaning that if you give it some time you will adjust and start to love it ...but if you don't then you will miss out on a great game... but it ain't pefect.Shenmue's graphics are the best I've seen on any console ..nuff said.The control is a little frustrating at first but you will get used to it.The sound is good/bad. The music and sound effects are top notch but the voice acting is horrible (most of the time).The gameplay consists of walking, running, talking, fighting, quick time events, finding stuff, etc. etc.  The gameplay has a slow pace ...and can be frustrating at times finding this person ...finding this store ...finding that store, etc. But like I said, if you just give the game some time you will like it a lot.So overall, I liked the game a lot. It has it's bad parts and it's got it's good parts. This is the most realistic game ever made, period. And it is definently revolutionary. So what are you waiting for, go out and get the game.Graphics: 10/10 Control: 8/10 Sound 7/10 Gameplay: 8/10 Replay Value: 9/10  Frustration: Medium Fun Factor: 9/10
Shenmue is one of the best graphics games ive ever played on dreamcast. You get to go and fight a group of angels that are mad (lol). I think this should be one of the best games for dreamcast except one thing made it so incredibly stuped. DUH! The game is way too short. 3 discs should be alot but they are not. This game is about Ryo Hazuki from the Hazuki Dojo in Yamanose. His father was murdered by the secret man Lan di sama. He is Ryo's main target for revenge so he tries to kill him. (And for people who want to fight him you dont get too). Lan Di will not fight you until a girl named SHENHUA Jona meets you and you destroy him. There are 16 Shenmues if im correct. This game is great but its too short. And the weather and time are very accurate.
Shenmue is a very strange and unique game. It was the most expensive game ever made at the time and is praised by many as a 10 out of 10 game and the best Dreamcast game. I enjoyed playing Shenmue a lot but I just don't think it's as good as its fan's say.The game is about Ryu who is on a hunt for the man who killed his father. Its an RPG, the combat is like an arcade style fighting game and it has investigation part similar to an old school L.A. Noire. In the game you have to go around and find clues, usually by talking to the right people at the right time, then as you make progress at certain times you get in fights with people, either thought quick time events or by arcade style fighting. This gives Shunmue alot of variety in game play. The open world was very impressive at the time. Shenmue Is completely unpredictable one minute you're fighting a group of thugs, the next minute you're driving a fork lift moving crates. Shenmue has a lot of attention to detail, the town completely changes depending on the time of day, weather or time of year. It has the best graphics I've seen on the Dreamcast. There are a lot of extras too, you can go play an arcade game, collect sonic toys, or practice your moves.This all sounds great but Shenmue has its fair share of problems that its fans sometime ignore being:The game's story is extremely generic, some fans say that it makes up for this by being well told but I disagree. It could have been well told if it actually made you care about the characters. The problem is that the game just drops you in Ryu shoes without any back-story and most of the characters don't talk about themselves that often and if they do it's not anything important. How can I care about the characters if I don't know them? Also parts of the game are too slow. There's a time system but there is no way to skip time. So at some parts someone might tell you to meet them somewhere tomorrow and often there's nothing fun to do till then.These other complaints may sound like nitpicking but they add up: the voice acting is terrible, quick time events are overused, the fork life segments where funny the first day but where extremely boring all the other days.To summarize I like Shenmue, it's fun, unique and unpredictable but the generic story, all the long boring segment's and the lack of any reason to care about the characters prevent Shenmue from being the 10 out of 10 its fan's say it is. I give it 8.5 out of 10.
Shenmue is graphics, voice, music, and a totally original gameplay experience. Imagine being able to literally pickup, manipulate, or view almost every inch of your gaming world. You can even pick up pictures off the wall for no reason at all in most cases. Or play games at the local arcade, real 80's games like HangOn. Then go get a job at the harbor driving a forklift for a company and getting paid. Then add it the character interaction and motorcycle driving and all the little mini adventures that paint this world full of different genres from racing to fighting to rpg this game has it all. Such a compelling storyline driven by the murder of your father by a Chinese martial arts guru that wears fine silk clothes with a dragon design. The game is exceptional. It covers 3 GD ROMs but the game comes with 4, the fourth disc is a biography and character info as well as alot of other extra stuff that really is icing on the cake for a great game.
If you like good music, good fun, and a good challenge, it's hard to go wrong with Jet Grind Radio. It's fast paced, unique and very hard to put down. The first thing that will grab you is the style of the game. The graphics are very nicely cel shaded and the music will keep you jamming along nodding your head. The music isn't all golden, but for the most part, it's wonderful.The gameplay is rather simple but very fun. Skate around, find red arrows, spray paint your tag. All the while avoid cops, tear gas, dogs, even missile launching helicopters. It's hard and frustrating at times, but it's oh so worth it. You'll keep coming back for more and more.The game stands up to repeat plays, and the style never wears thin. The story is entertaining and well told by DJ K. Unlike so many games where the story between levels is the dull part, you'll be jamming along with DJ K all the way through. It's quite hard not to be brought into the Jet Set Radio universe. It's very well done.If you still have your Dreamcast around and you never gave this one a shot, try it. You may be quite surprised.- Rirath_com
this game is lots of fun i mean whats better than going around town spray painting walls and cars and getting the cops and other people upset with you.One thing i found that i was very impressed with was the animation is beutifal to look at.One other thing i was afraid there was not gonna be enough characters but alas i was wrong there are plenty of characters you can use to help spraypaint town.
I wanted this game for at least 2 years, and after just getting it, I gotta say, the graphics & soundtrack get a perfect 10, but control wise & camera, its a 6/10IGN wasnt lying (BIG suprise) when they said it takes weeks to get used to the controls, theyre kinda unresponsove in some areas, especially while grinding on walls. as is the camera control, it is a pretty frustrating game to me, but the music & Cel shading almost make up for it.its kinda hard to recommend it, and kinda easy. Im a gamer who needs tight controls in order to get the most, graphics arent a huge issue, but this game has a certain charm that I love, like the japanese symbols and tokyo vibe to it. like worthwhile collectibles and art galleries, if youre lucky enough to get the internet working on it, im sure its awesome
Jet Grind Radio is a really unique game. There has never been a game like this (as far as I know).The graphics are amazing. It goes perfect with the game and it's cool looking. You gotta see it to belive it.The gameplay is good and packs a lot of fun but the main problem is the sloppy control. Half the time you will be screwing up because of those ... controls.The sound is very good. There are so many songs in the game and the sound effects are sweet. But the cops get annoying though.Overall, this game was great and it's worth experiencing at least once. I recommend renting this first and making your decision on buying it or not.Graphics: 10/10 Gameplay: 8/10 Control: 7/10 Sound: 10/10 Replay Value: 5/10 (gets boring fast) Frustration: High  Fun Factor: 10/10
This game is all based around the element of fun.  The game cannot be taken seriously.  This game seems to be a cross between tony hawks and crazy taxi, which i think is a good thing as i have like both of those games.  This game has a high novelty factor at first but it soons wears out as does your tolerance towards the gaming controls.  Overall its worth buying if you just wanna have a bit of fun.
Good product if your favorite games support it. The PS1 rumble feature is better implemented, though.
&quot;Legend of Dragoon&quot; is similar to Final Fantasy games in that the battles are turn-based; involve weapons, items, and spells; and players get the option to levil up their characters for stronger attacks and more HP. On  it's own, it is a fun, satisfying, and worthwile game. But it definitely doesn't hold a candle to the FF games.Though the battle system is familiar to any RPG fan, it is the graphics that really give this game the edge. Boasting &quot;3 years in the making, with a design team of over 100&quot;, their efforts were well spent. The battles are challenging enough, while the enemies are challenging and diverse. In terms of control, it is similar to most of the FF games, so it doesn't take long to master battles and manouvering. As the game progresses, the characters get stronger, allowing them to inflict even more damage. Overall, this is a challenging and rewarding game.But sadly, this game is tainted by a few minor flaws. The cliched &quot;Unlock the mysteries of the past&quot; plot is nothing we haven't seen before, add to this the paper thin characters that we couldn't care less about.  There are some technical flaws that need addressing. First, the number is items that can be carried. Why is it that you can carry 256 &quot;Armed&quot; items (weapons and armor) but you can only cary 32 standard items (like healing potions and cure potions, which is what you most often need)? Another flaw is that, unlike the free roaming of FF games, you are confined to the dotted lines on the world map. So there is little room for exploration. One thing that particularly bugged me about this game is that the plot is so linear, meaning that the side quests that we enjoyed with Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 3 are not prevelant here.But these are minor flaws, considering that the point of the game is to fight until the end to save innocent people from bloodshed.  This is not a deeply involved RPG, but rather more like an action  game with RPG undertones. Not bad at all.
This game has a certain charm that can appeal to younger folks. I do think seasoned RPGers will be disappointed though. Customization is pretty weak. Story is not bad but there's certainly been better. Graphics and cutscenes are beautiful. Battle system is kinda fun. Leveling up takes forever.First disc was yawner for me. Almost gave up on the game. 2nd and 3rd disc however was worth the wait.It's not a bad game at all. There was effort here. Seasoned RPGers expecting complexed strategies and menus like Final Fantasy or the Chrono series should probably avoid this. I can understand why people like this game. But I can understand others that don't.
Legend of dragoon is the closest thing you can get to final fantasy without actually having final fantasy.  The characters are interesting and the plot is immensely creative.  The combat system needs a little work, though (it relies on well timed button taps and if you don't get them just right, you wind up doing virtually no damage) and some bosses are just a little too hard, even by normal boss standards.  This game has countless hours of gameplay, though and once you get into it, i gaurantee your family will be seeing very little of you for quite a while.  have fun!
Legend of Dragoon was a good RPG. The battle system consisted of the traditional turn-based battles. Each charcter had 3 to 5 unique combos that you had to learn. Yes had to, without the combos fights are pretty futile. The boss fights are very fun to play and watch, as your charcters {as well as bosses} do flashy exagerated moves. That alone makes battles funner than your average RPG. The storyline is pretty original with its share of twists. All is not well however, for the game takes a serious downfall in character design. You'd find yourself thinking &quot;haven't I seen him in another RPG?&quot; To make matters worse, due to the characters wearing obvious colors, &quot;via - Power Rangers&quot; you'll know your future party members before they even join. This game kept me occupied for a good while. Characters didn't interest me, but the combo learning and flashy boss fights saved it.
Legend of Dragoon was said to be one of the PSone RPG game that could be compared with the Final Fantasy series. This game does have a very good story with twist of plots. The in game movies are really good and with good sound effects and voice over. The environments in the game are also very well done and detailed made, which is a huge credit for the game. This game also adopt both types of battle encounters - random and touch base, which feels like utilising both ways to attract gamers to play it. The battle system is very Final Fantasy indeed. Turn based menu with different commands. The biggest feature is the Addition which requires skillful timing to get the biggest damage on the enemies. Nonetheless, it will be frustrating if you are in a boss fight and just missed one button that your can't finish the addition. The upside is you can purchase item (but at high cost) to ask the computer to finish the additions perfectly for you. Also the enemies will counter attack you if additions are done manually, which adds the difficult in physical attacks. Magic attacks are limited to using magical items, which lacks flexibility. At the same time, you can only hold 32 items at one time further limits your flexibility as some useful items are reuseable and must be kept to get your through the games; that leaves limited space for magical items considering you will need to use a lot of healing items if you characters levels are not high enough. The most annoying part of the game is the SNAIL PACE levelling up. Since all the experience points are shared by all members in the battle, this largely reduces the points each character can get in a single battle. Considering at a certain level, you need more than 10 thousand points to level up and every battle just earns you 200 points! This might be the reason that many people just finish the game with great effort at level 35-50 ....The highest level you can get for your characters is 60 but it will take you more than 400 hours to get most of your characters to that level. After level 60, the character will continue to receive experience points but without levelling up ...Another annoying part is sometimes the character selection screen just pop up without a reason and you will find that your original party was moved and substitute by other characters, which will then require you to choose again without a reason. Also good items are very difficult to find and some of them cost you a huge fortune to get. The development of the characters are also not as flexible as those in Final Fantasy for you can only equip them with certain stuff and some of those stuff are really useless. Anyway, the game does have a good story and some good graphics, considering it is a PSone game. Just need to bear with those pretty annoying characteristics of the game.
This game is not perfect as the Famitsu review would lead you to believe. Famitsu has only given like 5 games a perfect score... this being one of them.The characters, design, music, story, atmosphere, and presentation are all top notch and beautiful. The story is sursprisingly mature and the characters are all memorable, especially that mystery man Sydney.So if all of those things are so good and put together, why did this game 'ultimately' fail when it was released? Because of its gameplay.The gameplay 'could have' been fun and classic but the makers decided to bog it down with a tremendously confusing, tedious, and unintuitive menu and weapon system.The base of this game, its weapon system, is beyond complicated. Each weapon can be either piercing, blunt, or edged like a edged sword or a blunt hammer. Then each weapon has about 20 'affinities' such as light, water, physical, undead, etc. Then throw in the fact that each weapon must be made from seperate parts such as a blade, a grip or hilt, plus 1-3 gems. Lost yet? You should be.But thats not all. Each weapon has damage points, kind of like health for weapons, and phantom points which inscrease special attacks. Throw in the fact that the longer you fight the more tired or excited your character gets, which leads you to miss more often and take more damage as the battle goes on.This game does have an awesome quick menu that can be used with the L2 button. This menu lets you do anything from find items to use magic with one push of a button. However, for some reason there is no weapon quick menu in a game almost totally based around your weapons! To change weapons, and you will often, you have to make about 5 clicks through slow menus which can take anywhere from 10 secs to a minute.This games difficult learning curve has turned away so many players without the patience to learn this games ridiculous systems. After all, hitting a boss for 1 damage, when he has 500 health, can be very frustrating, and i dont blame them.In the end, this game is both brilliant and ridiculous. It has been voted one of the greatest games of all time and for good reason. But it also failed on a commercial and gameplay level by not selling enough copies. And thats for a good reason too...
This game is about to get a lot of attention, more attention than it's had in the years since its Spring 2000 US release. Final Fantasy XII looms on the horizon, and it's the creative vision of Yasumi Matsuno. Vagrant Story is another of Matsuno's brainchildren. Once FFXII has been out for a couple of weeks and everybody's beaten it, a lot of those people are going to find out about Vagrant Story for the first time and go scrambling over to eBay to get a copy. This review is for them.Almost everything about Vagrant Story is par excellance. The story, the script, the characters, the graphics, the soundtrack... The English translation is especially spectacular, due to its masterful coloring with "Olde English" which adds so much flavor to the tone and atmosphere. This is one of the ultra rare cases where the English translation is arguably far superior to the original Japanese script. Unfortunately, all of these shining examples of fine craft and "video game design as true art" is all for naught because of one single fatal flaw: The game simply isn't fun to play.Where the game ultimately fails is in the game play. First of all, the game is extremely focused. It's all dungeon crawling and fighting. There are no towns to explore and shop in, no NPCs to talk to, no minigames. Once you enter the dungeon, that's it. You will progress through different areas and get a change in scenery from time to time, but there is almost no variety in the gameplay. You move from room to room, you solve the occasional crate puzzle, and you fight enemies. End of story.The battle system in and of itself is fine. It's an interesting hybrid cross between standard real time action combat and traditional RPG turn based combat. The problem is, at the very heart of the battle system is an abysmally UN-fun weapon and armor system. There are several (eight?) classes of enemies in the game- Beast, Human, Dragon, Undead, Phantom, etc. The enemy classes are paired off into diametric oppositions. e.g. Using your weapon against a human enemy will make it stronger against humans, but weaker against phantoms. (sic) On top of that, there are specific weakness ratings. An enemy might be weak against blunt weapons, but almost totally impervious to edged weapons or piercing weapons. And then there are the usual elementals as well- fire, ice, earth and so on. Finally, each of your weapons has its own "wear" rating. The lower the rating, the more worn out the weapon, the less damage it does. You must repair your weapons in workshops, which are few and far between in the game. Another thing you can do in workshops is disassemble your weapons and reassemble the parts to make new weapons. Whether the new weapon will be better or worse than the weapons you sacrificed to make them involves much trial and error. The end effect of all of this is that as you play the game, you are literally constantly changing weapons. Yet the creators of the game didn't bother to implement any sort of quick menu for weapon switching, a la Secret of Mana. You have no choice but to spend 45% of your game time opening the main menu, opening the weapon menu, finding the right weapon, opening the accessory menu, changing the elemental jewels on the weapon, etc. etc. etc. All they had to do was come up with some sort of quick menu for changing weapons, as Seiken Densetsu 2 did seven years earlier. As it stands, Vagrant Story is a micro-management nightmare. To call the game tedious is an understatement of epic proportions. There are those who insist that a viable alternative is simply slogging your way through the game using whatever weapons you happen to have, whether they're effective or not. It can be done, but it makes the game even less fun. Why anyone would want to take on a boss with several thousand HP by doing only 1-3 points of damage per hit is beyond me.As is always the case, no matter how flawed a game may be, there will be a small niche group of vocal supporters who insist that it's the greatest game ever created, and that people who don't like it just don't "get it." Beware of misguided fanatics. But hey, then again you just might end up being part of the 5% of people who play this game and come away thinking it's the bee's knees.EDIT- Apparently the star ratings aren't displayed exactly as they were input. I gave Vagrant Story ** (2/5) for "Fun" and **** (4/5) "Overall."
To me, this current generation of games has remained one of the most unique, and dynamic eras of all time, especially for companies like Nintendo with their compact and convient Gamecube, Microsoft, with the surrealistic experience with the Xbox, and the newly released Xbox 360, and as well for Sony. Sony definitely catapulted their way nearly a decade ago with the successful Playstation system. It really became the very first system to really push the limits of the CD-ROM technology, where other systems like Sega CD, Saturn and Dreamcast have failed. Now what was then, still remains as now.The Sony Playstation 2, is a much more powerful video game system that really delivers. This smaller, thinner edition of the PS2, absolutely delivers to where other CD-ROM systems have fizzled. The video game system doubles up very nicely as a DVD Player, for all your movie watching need for films of all kinds. The game library remains absolutely endless for so many video gamers of all kinds that you can play here like Jax II, the reved up Gran Turismo 4, Madden '06, the highly acclaimed Reseident Evil 4, and many others. You also can play games on this system with the backwards compatability from the earlier PS1 pr PSX.  The control of the system is also as unique and similar to the previous edition, but it is very simple to respond, and easy to use for all gamers.All in all, with all the hype for the next generation consoles like the Xbox 360, and the Nintendo Revolution, the Playstation 2 by Sony is a absolute delight for all gamers of all kinds. Even though I actually don't own a PS2, I've played it enough from friends and relatives to know that this game system is a really big bundle of fun. I absolutely recommend this video game system.Price: B+Convience: A-Graphics: A-Sound: B+DVD capability: B+Control: A 1/2-Fun & Enjoyment: B+Backwards compatability on PS1: AOverall: B 1/2+
Comparing the Xbox and the PS2, PS2 has the graphics and a good amount of good, worth your time, games. Such titles such as the Ace Combat and Final Fantasy series make it a good balance between performance and games, but it only has two controller slots and you have to BUY the multi-tap adapter for four controllers(I think that was a wrong move by Sony).There aren't that many multiplayer games that are fun enough to give your opponent that "IN YOUR FACE" attitude. There are still not enough games to appeal to people with different interests. Most of the Playstation-only games are quite the same. Some concerns are that there have been complaints that the wires may fray and can be a danger, and the CD tray might freeze or get jammed. If you treat your PS2 carefully, you shouldn't have a problem. At least it can play DVDs.Look at AMAZONs average rating(as of 8-11-05 and has been like this for a while).The Xbox--------avg customer rating = 4 starsThe PS2---------avg customer rating = 4 starsThe Gamecube---avg customer rating = 4 and a half stars.KEEP IN MIND THAT THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF REVIEWS FOR EACH OF THE THREE. It looks like the people are more satisfied with the Gamecube.
The nice thing about the new slimmer PS2 is that it's smaller so it's easier to carry around. It also has a built-in Network Adapter so you won't have to spend extra money on one. The only downfalls are that it's more fragile than the original model, it can't play blue-discs very well, it has a tendency of getting warm way too fast, and you can't connect an HDD to it. But that's ok, because it has a built in online adapter.
I use this console when I play ps2 games and also ps1 games. Sometimes I have to push the power button several times before the power goes off. That can be a little annoying. I prefer the Playstation1 game console. It is so much easier to operate, but it doesn't play ps2 games. To bad!
The New designed PS2 is just under 9in Long, about 6in Wide, and barely over 1 in Thick. It's just a little bigger than a VHS tape. It has a top loading system,the door pops up . The hole in your game disk clicks into place.Just like a portable CD walkman.It's much ,much ,smaller than the first design. I love the small design. The only negative is no memory card is supplied. The main reason to own a PS2 is ,simply , There's just more games than other consoles. I also own an Xbox . Which of course is the best of all consoles graphics wise ,plus its internal hard-drive. But you need to buy a dvd remote to play dvd's on the xbox.The PS2 plays dvd's  right out of the box.So both consoles,have there little trick to squeeze a little more cash out of your pocket . If you wanna improve graphics on your PS2 ,I strongly suggest you get either an "S" cable, Or a component cable. First look at the back your TV ,if you have a black input that's kinda funky looking,thats an "S" video input and underneath will be red and white for audio input. If you see any blue input than that means you have also component input which is the best video input for graphics. There mostly on expensive tv's. But most TV'S have an "S" cable input which is better graphics than the supplied RCA plugs ,red,white,yellow ,that come with the PS2. You'll notice a difference in clearer graphics with the " S" cable ,or even better the "component" cable. Sony makes a good "S" cable,about $29.00. Ive tried the monster cable's ,but I had some problems with my cable. I'd stick to the SONY brand "S"cable.But Iv'e heard that madcatz "S"cable at walmart for $10.00 is just as good.With so many good games coming out on the XBOX . It's hard for me to say the new PS2 is a good buy ,not because of quality,but because of price,But $149.99 aint bad and I got a memory card for $19.99 at Circuit City. The PS2 has tons of games .Much more than the XBOX. Maybe wait until there's a good ps2 bundle .But the the new PS2 design rocks.It's highly portable.I have both systems xbox,and ps2. I like PS2 cause it has more games. I like the Xbox because it has better quality graphics,almost computer quality. If I was forced to own just one system. I'd probably go with PS2 ,because there's more games for that console,and it's very small now,and portable,It would easily fit in a backpack. But with HALO2 coming out I must keep my Xbox which is my personal "favourite" console system. But the PS2 "controller" is the best designed. All in all the new designed PS2 gets my thumbs up for quality and design.Get it if you can afford it. All three consoles have there pro's and cons. I'll leave it up to you to make your choice.
4.5/5 stars.The Men were all pretty cool. Some were even original.There's Heat Man, Bubble Man, Metal Man, Wood Man, Air Man, Crash Man, Flash Man and Quick Man.Difficulties are as follows:Heat Man - 6Bubble Man - 3Metal Man - 2.5Wood Man - 5Air Man - 7Crash Man -7.5Flash Man - 3Quick Man - 8.5Then you go to Wily's Castle, which is of medium difficulty and interesting to say the least.You get a chance to beat the pants off of some Dragon thing, that's annoying to say the least, but easy.You fight Dr. Wily twice, in a contraption he has concocted and out of it. He is mildly difficult the first time, and hardest the second time around.Graphics - 3.5/5Sound/Music - 4.25/5Controls - 6/5Game Play - 4/5Overall Difficulty - 3.5/5Overall Grade - 4.5/5
If it wasn't for the underground buzz that Mega Man received, Capcom would had most likely not released the 1989 sequel for the NES outside of Japan. If anything, it set itself up for Mega Man 2 to be a success. But not even Capcom expected how much of a success it would turn out to be: millions of copies were sold across the world and Mega Man would be quickly recognized as much as Nintendo's mascot, Mario. And when Mega Man 2 was released, the Blue Bomber returned in the breakout NES sequel that had gamers in a frenzy. I never bought it because I borrowed it from my best friend numerous times and it was worth it.Mega Man 2 had Mega Man return to save his world. Dr. Wily was really upset that he lost to Mega Man before and he vowed to get his revenge. To show he was better than Dr. Light and to crush Mega Man, Dr. Wily invented eight Robot Masters and challenged Mega Man to beat them and to fight him again. You picked one of eight stages to play through and beat the Robot Master to gain its special weapon. In addition to the special weapons, you were able to acquire three adapters that helped you cross gaps, climb walls or reach platforms out of reach. Once you beat all eight stages, you were whisked off to Dr. Wily's castle. There you had to play through six more stages, filled with more enemies, boss characters, the same eight Robot Masters from before and finally, Dr. Wily and his new robot contraptions. The game provided passwords so you could save your progress and come back later to finish your game.The PROS: Capcom responded to those gamers who felt the first game was too hard to beat by offering easy and hard modes. Because of that move, Mega Man 2 was accessible to every gamer and that helped it gain popularity. You had new Robot Masters, new weapons and more stages to play through. Everything here was better: the graphics, music, stage layouts, enemies and boss characters. The sound effects were mostly the same from the first game but were still good and so were the controls. The new weapon adapters were pretty cool and helped out in certain sections of the game. Since the game was longer, the password system was a nice addition so that you could play for a bit, copy the password and then use it later on to finish the game. Mega Man 2 was the first game to introduce "energy tanks": a health power up that filled up your energy bar when you needed it (the only catch was that you could carry up to four at a time.)The CONS: Mega Man 2 went down in the franchise's history as the easiest game in the series to beat. If you played it through the easy mode, it was an absolute but enjoyable walk in the park. But if you played it through the hard mode, the game gave you a mild challenge but nowhere near what you saw in Mega Man. Some players wanted more of a challenge besides those two modes but Capcom wanted everyone to enjoy the game so that's why it wasn't as hard as the first game. When you use the passwords, they saved your progress as far as how many robots you beat. If you used it during one of the stages in Dr. Wily's castle, the game always brought you back to the first stage of the castle. Also, the passwords never let you kept the energy tanks or extra lives you collected; you started without any energy tanks and three lives.Mega Man 2 was and still is regarded as one of the best in the NES series. To this date, it stirs the debate as to which NES Mega Man game reigns supreme and it's always been between Mega Man 2 and Mega Man 3. No matter which game was your favorite, this one had a lot of fans and brought a lot of good memories to those gamers who were fortunate enough. If you're a Mega Man fan, you have this game in some form: the actual NES cartridge, the Mega Man Anniversary Collection released for the PS2 and Gamecube consoles, or downloaded it to your Wii from the Virtual Console Service (500 points.) This was a game that anyone could have enjoyed and millions of gamers can attest to it.
This game is a definite step above the first game, but one could say that MM1 was more of a prototype. MM1 is missing many of the features that was introduced in Megaman 2 - namely the power to gain different weapons from the vanquished Robot Masters along with the assistance of the robotic dog Rush.The points/score system has been eliminated, which is good since it didn't really serve a function in MM1. This game would actually set the tone for the rest of the series - cans of Energy, the help of Rush, and the fact that the number of Robot Masters were upped to 8 as opposed to the original 6. The graphics are also a step ahead, since MM1 had fairly simpler graphics - but then, comparing MM1 to the rest of the series is like comparing the first Legend of Zelda or the first Super Mario Brothers game to the rest of their respective series. Megaman 2 is a solid title and set a good note for the rest of the series, and a definite must-play for any Megaman fan.
Mega Man 4 might go down as one of the hardest Mega Man games I've EVER played.  Don't get me wrong, there's several difficult moment in X5 and X6, and Mega Man 5 isn't exactly a walk through the colorful cherry orchard park either, but overall MM4 might take the cake for the most consistently difficult Mega Man game I've ever put inside one of my video game consoles.  I remember my mother renting this game for me at the video game store uptown back in 1990-1991, and of course, I was the foolish one who picked it out assuming it'd be loads of fun and... well yeah, the game *is* loads of fun, but the constant relentless assault from the many enemies you encounter in nearly every single stage is nearly enough to make me wish I hadn't asked for this game so many times during my childhood.The music is REALLY good though.  Who knows, the music itself may be the biggest reason I used to rent this game so many times back then.  Skull Man in particular has a theme that's really melodic.  On the negative, the first Wily stage has terrible music.  This game moreso than all the other Mega Man games reminds me of that robot movie from the mid 80's called Short Circuit.  That movie used to excite me like no other.  The levels are all packed with several obstacles.  You have spikes which we've pretty much grown accustomed to in the Mega Man series by this point, moving block platforms that can be an absolutely *nightmare* if you don't handle your jumping patterns correctly (and when I was a kid- surprise surprise, missing and falling these particular platforms is how I ended up losing the most lives).At least Mega Man has a sliding move that's really effective when the situation ever gets TOO intense.  Quite often you can simply slide beyond the danger and make it to a temporary safe area.  Thank goodness for this feature!  Where the difficulty REALLY increases in during the Wily stages.  Trust me, you don't even want to know how hard some of these stages are.  The one stage with spikes on the block platforms that actually *rotate* to a different spot... MY goodness!!  You're in for more than a rude awakening, that's for sure!  This is the one Mega Man game I'm always reluctant to play due to the high challenge it brings time and time again.  It does get easier with practice, but let's be honest here- if you wake up on the wrong side of the bed and experience an off day, your timing will be off too.  You cannot have one of those days and expect to blow through a game like this without any trouble.  You've been warned.The boss fights are hard too mainly because if you happen to come unprepared such as say, your weapon meter is nearly empty when you arrive to the fight or you simply don't have the right weapon in your possession, the bosses will make you pay for that, and the regular arm cannon might not be good enough to get the job done either.  Another benefit is that Rush the dog makes an appearance and he helps with some of the harder to reach areas by climbing on top of him and sailing across (or up) the screen.Overall, Mega Man's fourth adventure offers a significantly increased challenge in comparison to the previous three, so please PLEASE keep this in mind if you so much as dare to play this game.
After the excellent Mega Man 3, Capcom kept with the gamers' demand for more of the Blue Bomber. In 1992, they released Mega Man 4 for the NES. While it was more of the same, they kept the game fresh with more variety in the stages and a difficulty level that was tougher than what gamers saw in the previous game. It was worth it and everyone was happy that Mega Man kept on going.The story is short and sweet: A new scientist, Dr. Cossack challenged Mega Man to defeat his batch of Robot Masters and then to see him in his castle. Of course, Mega Man does what he has to do. No one was surprised to see that Dr. Wily put him up to up since he kidnapped his daughter. In the end, you face Dr. Wily in his own castle for the final showdown. The setup was the same like the other Mega Man games: choose one stage out of 8 stages, defeat the Robot Master and use the weapon to defeat the next robot and so on and so on. You'd reach Dr. Cossack's castle comprised of 4 stages, then you had to fight in Dr. Wily's castle for the final 4 stages, beating the eight Robot Masters again and finally defeating Dr. Wily. A password system was available to use so you can continue your game later.The PROS: The only way that gamers would have kept playing Mega Man was if there was enough variety in the stages and new game play mechanics were introduced. Fortunately, Capcom delivered in these areas. The graphics and music were good. The controls were the same as it always been so no problems there. It was this game where Capcom first gave Mega Man the ability to power up a shot before you release it to make it stronger and do more damage. His trademark slide returned and so did Rush, his faithful robot dog. A new ally, Eddie, made his first appearance here; he brought a random power up to help Mega Man whenever he was summoned. Gamers also welcomed back the tougher difficult level that was absent in Mega Man 2 and 3.The CONS: At this point, if you have played any of the previous three games, then Mega Man 4 is no different. It won't change your mind if you weren't a fan of the classic NES series.Mega Man 4 was more of the same but fans of the series weren't tired yet. Thanks to the new ideas in the stage layouts, original Robot Masters, new music and adding a new ability to Mega Man, it was a hit and sold very well. It guaranteed that part five was on its way. If you were a fan of Mega Man, then you bought it for the NES. But in case you missed out, it was part of the Mega Man Anniversary Collection for the PS2 and Gamecube or you can download this game for the Wii from their Virtual Console service for 500 points ($5.00.)
Mega Man IV is basically the same as the other games except for a few exceptions.These exceptions are:This time you can charge your BusterEddie appears and gives you items.There are two fortresses.The levels and bosses are knew.If you love Mega Man, I suggest that you get this game now.
If you've played previous Megaman titles, this one is basically lather, rinse, repeat. Not that that's a bad thing. All the features that make up a classic Megaman game are here - 8 robot bosses, weapons gained from each, a Rush with a couple of adaptations (jet, coil, submarine) along with a couple of other things (Balloon and Wire adapter, which must be found/searched for as opposed to being rewarded after defeating a Master) and a final confrontation with several different giant robots. My personal favorites are Pharaoh Man and Skull Man.A couple of new features are introduced here - Flip Top Eddie who appears at certain points in some levels yo give you random energy boosts, and the fact that you could turbo-charge Megaman's shots by holding down the fire button. These features definitely add to the gameplay.The bad guy in this one is Dr. Cossack, and his castle looks distinctly Russian (very reminiscent of the gorgeous palace at Red Square in Russia with its minarets and domed roofs) but the near-ending of this game reveals a surprise twist. Okay - to some, it isn't much of a surprise, but I shan't spoil it for you.
Mega Man 2 and 3. Both great games but a tad too easy. Now, a new enemy, Dr. Cossack, is present, filling Wily's shoes as chief villain (or is he?) Cossack's robot leaders are, for the most part, far superior to Wily's. The stages leading to them are far more difficult as well. But you won't be without help on this adventure. Your plasma cannon can now be charged to blast shots 3X as powerful as standard ones! There's also Balloon and Wire adaptors! The Rush Jet is back here, but it loses the precision control it had in 3 =( Dr. Cossack's fortress is no laughing matter either, whipping out tough levels with tough bosses and limited restart points. Once you defeat the Doc's machine, you'll discover an eviler villain has been controlling him! This newer, darker villain confronts Mega Man, taunting him with an extremely funny insult. He then leads Mega Man to a new fortress. Who's the REAL villain here? Take a guess, and there's about a 99% chance it'll be a right one. Not the best Mega Man for the NES, but still worth trying.
4/5 stars.The Men were all pretty cool in 2. But they got even better in 3!There were the following Men: Magnet, Hard, Top, Shadow, Spark, Snake, Gemini and Needle.Difficulties are as follows:Magnet Man - 7Hard Man - 5Top Man - 6Shadow Man - 8Spark Man - 5Snake Man - 7Gemini Man - 8Needle Man - 5.5Graphics - 3.5/5Sound/Music - 4/5Controls - 6/5Game Play - 4/5Overall Difficulty - 4/5Overall Grade - 4.5/5*Bonus Information*Magnet Man is weak to Arm Cannon, Shadow Blade and Spark Shock. He'll be at your knees if you bestow these weapons upon him!Hard Man can't take Magnet Missles. And if you can somehow beat him before you meet him, LOL, he's weak to Hard Knuckles too!Top Man is terrified of Hard Knuckles, Top Spin and Needle Cannon.Shadow Man can't stand the heat if you douse him with a hit of Top Spin, Hard Knuckles and *yawn* Shadow Blade. He is definitely the trickiest to beat otherwise....Spark Man stays away from Shadow Blade, Needle Cannon and Hard Knuckle like a fish despises scolding water! Give it to him! Take no prisoners!!Snake Man will leave you alone if you bust a cap! Use your Arm Cannon, Hard Knuckle, Needle Cannon, Spark Blade and Search Snakes.Gemini Man hits the streets when he sees Snake Man's Search Snakes!! If you haven't taken him down yet, stick with the Arm Cannon, Magnet Missles, Hard Knuckle and the Shadow Blade.Lastly, Needle Man heads for the hills if he sees Gemini's Gemini Laser, Shadow's Shadow Blade or his own Needle Cannon!From GameFAQs, posted with permission:(This section is the in-between, between the defeat of the eight robot mastersin the game, and Dr. Wily's castle. Here, you revisit four stages in the game(different then they were, and segmented into two parts now), the stages ofShadow Man, Gemini Man, Needle Man, and Spark Man. In each stage, there are twoRobot Masters from the previous Mega Man game, Mega Man 2... but they aren'tliterally there. Instead, a robot called Dark Master encompasses the powers ofeach particular robot master from the previous game and uses those powersagainst you with great skill.)This game, among 100 others deserve the recognition it happens to garner!!Some of the guys in 4 are awesome too, such as Pharoah Man and Toad Man, but they don't compare to the guys in 1, 2 and Part 3.Graphics - 3.5/5Sound/Music - 4/5Controls - 6/5Game Play - 4/5Overall Difficulty - 4/5Overall Grade - 4.5/5
If you liked Megaman 1 and 2, you should like this. Megaman 3 is not really much different from Megaman 2. You fight eight Robot Masters, gain their weapons, use the assistance of your dog Rush, and fight Dr. Wily. There's not really much I can say for this installment that I haven't said for Megaman 2, since both games are so similar in gameplay and the like. The only real major difference is that you fight a different set of eight bosses so you get a completely different set of weapons, though you also fight a Doc-Bot that has these eight weapons too. Overall it's a pretty decent installment to the Megaman series.
After saving the world from Dr. Wily's evil intentions, Mega Man returns home... only to find that robotmasters are causing chaos and Dr. Light's been kidnapped! The culprit? Mega Man's brother, Proto Man. But why has he turned evil? Actually, you soon find out that it's an elaborate [plan] to frame the horribly underrated "older" brother of the blue bomber, and so here begins my review of Mega Man's fifth adventure on the NES.THE GOODThe storyline is actually among the best in the series and it allows a refreshing change to the normal "Dr. Wily's at it again, let's get him!" storyline. Proto Man actually has a substantial role in the plot and I believe him to be a very underused character (Capcom, MAKE HIM HIS OWN GAME.). Beat is also introduced in this game and he's quite useful. This game is the only game that allows him to attack bosses (and makes Wily at the end seem like a walk in the park!). The game is thankfully a bit more difficult than 2,3, and 4 with the evil "Darkman" stages. The graphics are also better and the backgrounds even have parallax to them.THE BADThis game has a more powerful "Mega Buster," but every time you get hit, you have to start the charge over again. This wasn't that huge of a deal, but I wish they would've kept it more like MM4's Mega Buster. Also, the music is mostly mediocre with only a handful of tunes that are really memorable.OVERALLWhile not a bad game, I find it hard to rank it above the first four games. It doesn't -quite- touch the first four in terms of charm and the good, old fashioned "Mega Man feel." I really can't explain it, and perhaps if it had better music, it would've been better. The game doesn't connect well with the others at all, which is quite a shame. My feelings on this game are very mixed, but I still recommend at least playing it through. It is, after all, essential to your Mega Man library.
Mega Man 5 is really amazing but probably not *quite* at the level of awesomeness that MM 2, 3 and 4 provides.  MM5 has plenty of really cool features and mainly focuses on an outer space-type level design.  This is one thing that caught my attention immediately back in the day.I remember 20 years ago when my mom would rent this game for me.  I did poorly back then.  I was able to complete exactly ONE stage, and now I can't even remember which stage it was!  Ah, a trip down memory lane when video games meant the absolute world to me.  Back then I considered Mega Man games *enormously* difficult.  This was a couple years before the X series came out.  I was totally confused and needed help to figure out which stages/bosses I was supposed to battle first.  For some reason I had trouble figuring this out and didn't have a Nintendo Power in my possession to help me.  Even though I was subscribing back then, I never had the issues that would help me through these Mega Man games.  The good news is that the challenge seems more understandable and less intimidating as an adult, however.Anyway, yeah, these levels are really colorful for an NES game.  A graphical and background-filled upgrade in comparison to MM4, but probably only a slight one.  One stage even has the jet ski!  Talk about cool.  I didn't think the NES had the ability to use it without the play control slowing down significantly due to the speed and the amount of enemies going by the screen, but I was wrong- it flows near flawlessly.  One thing's for absolute sure- you HAVE to have the correct weapon in your inventory when entering a boss fight.  Having the right weapon hasn't been this important since the very first Mega Man game (and it was VERY important in that game).  Also make sure you don't accidentally enter the fight without enough weapon energy or you'll pay in the worst way!The music is really good this time around, but probably not quite as memorable as the themes from MM4.  Even though as an adult I find the challenge level more bearable, it doesn't change the fact that the game is still rock hard.  You *will* lose plenty of lives so be prepared for that, and there is a degree of practice required in pushing your way through these stages successfully by experimenting with the right weapons and avoiding all the dangerous traps (of which there's many).  This is what the X games lack, however.  In the MMX games it doesn't really matter how you get through the stages because you'll probably survive no matter what due to the generosity of health energy scattered everywhere and enemies normally being less threatening.  Not so here.  I like MM5 though, because it reminds me of a good old-fashioned arcade experience.  Raw, relentless and sometimes aggravating.  That's what makes the older MM games so splendid.
In 1992, Capcom released Mega Man 5 for the NES and it sold well. At this point, it was more of the same for the Blue Bomber as the concept of defeating robot after robot was starting to wear out its novelty but it was still worth a look to see what Robots were featured and what the story would be this time around.The city is under attack. Robots go on a rampage while Dr. Light ended up being kidnapped by Proto Man. Dr. Cossack warns Mega Man and he soon takes off to get Dr. Light, only to see that Proto Man was set up from the get go and Dr. Wily ultimately emerges to challenge Mega Man: go to his castle and fight him in order to save Dr. Light. Just like the previous four games, you pick a Robot Master's stage, explore it and defeat the Robot Master to acquire his special weapon. Then, repeat the process until all eight Robot Masters are defeated. Go through Proto Man's impostor's castle and finally, play through Dr. Wily's castle to save Dr. Light. In addition to collecting the special weapons, you picked up health and weapons capsules as well as 1ups. Rush returns to help you out, your Mega Buster from Mega Man 4 returns but is more powerful now. And for the first time, you meet Beat, a robotic bird that saved you whenever you fell into a pit. The game gave you a password in case you want to stop and continue your game later.The PROS: It's a Mega Man game so it plays and sounds good. New Robot Masters meant new stage layouts and enemies so the ideas were still fresh. The story is also decent and sheds more light on Proto Man, Mega Man's brother and it was nice to see Dr. Cossack from part four make an appearance. The Mega Buster was more powerful now and Beat proved to be useful so it was an excellent new addition.The CONS: Unfortunately, this was where fans started to see Capcom run out of ideas. Most of the themes here were used in previous games (Star Man, Crystal Man, Wave Man, Gyro Man and Stone Man's stages in particular.) Also, the difficulty level took a slight dive as it was easy compared to other games in the series.It was still a good game to play through back then and Capcom just gave what Mega Man fans wanted: another excuse to run through another Mega Man game. This one is hard to track down brand new so either you settle for a used copy, pick up Mega Man Anniversary Collection for the PS2 and Gamecube or download this title for the Wii through the Virtual Console service for a mere $5 (500 points.)
I have to admit, I was extremely skeptical when I put down the money for a Mega Man 5 cart. In all honesty, I thought it was ludicrous that I was paying more for it than I did for a copy of the 1987 original. Nothing in that respect has changed, but I'll be damned if Mega Man 5 didn't pull the rug out from under me despite partaking of previous, seemingly uneventful play throughs.As the title suggests, Mega Man 5 is an uneven beast when it comes to difficulty. Fun as it still is figuring out the "weakness chain" it takes next to nothing to get through the initial robot master crew and their levels. This and the overall feel of the game changes dramatically once the player enters the fortress levels. There's an abstract sense of maturity that presides over this portion of the game, something that reminds me of the sobering steel and seriousness of a Mega Man X game.Interesting as this can be, the most significant change Mega Man 5 brings to the table is the fact the series has finally cleared that oddball hump that started with Mega Man 3 and continued with Mega Man 4. Even after playing through the NES Mega Man games I still can't explain why these particular titles feel as bizarre as they do. Needless to say, I was glad to see things were back on track despite the fact Mega Man 5 doesn't deviate from the tired and true formula.While I can't say I was exactly thrilled with the price tag it carries, Mega Man 5 is a lot better than a quick glance, or a half-remembered memory would suggest. As one would expect the game doesn't do anything radical yet there are some covert forces within that are devilishly alluring once they're discovered. If you're into Mega Man, I'd definitely suggest digging for them.
Mega Man V is not much different from the other four games before it. If you liked the first four and want more, I would suggest that you get this game. However, the gameplay is has not changed much from the first four and this is the Mega Man game where the gameplay starts to get old.There is not much that I can say about this game other than that if you still want to play another Mega Man game after the 1st three, get this one.Username at Capcom City-oncedead
At this point in the series, there's not much I can say that I haven't said before. 8 robot masters, weapons gained from them, the assistance of Rush, and so on and so forth. Personally, I liked the weapons Star Man, Napalm Man, and Crystal Man left behind. One new thing is the Mega Tank - energy tanks only filled health, but the M-Tank filled the energy for health AND all weapons, which comes handy in a pinch, especially if you're fighting the final bosses.Proto Man is the bad guy here, but like MM4, there's a twist to the ending. If you've played MM4, then it shouldn't surprise you, as the twists are similar, just with a different character. Overall a fairly enjoyable Mega Man title.
Near the end of the NES's reign, Capcom rush-released Mega Man's 6th adventure, which involved a mysterious (actually, NOT-SO, judging by the appearance of the character) businessman that steals the national tournament's champions (a.k.a. the robotmasters) and uses them to take over the world. Mega Man naturally speeds to the rescue, but what may sound like an awesome game turned out to be a mere effort, unfortunately. Read on to see why Mega Man's last adventure on NES was not a &quot;one shot at glory&quot;:THE GOODWe get two new Rush adaptors (Power and Jet) that kick major arse. You'll find that using them is ten times more fun than using the acquired boss weapons! The music is also thankfully better (although it DOESN'T TOUCH the first four... get to that in THE BAD) and we get more robotmasters and more Wily stages to bash through. Some of the robotmasters are quite unique, especially Tomahawkman and Yamatoman.THE BADThe storyline is TOO similar to Mega Man 4's, and this game pulls it off to a lesser extent. The &quot;Mr. X&quot; disguise didn't fool me at all. While the music was definitely better than the 5th game's, a lot of it is really odd; it just didn't sound like Mega Man. The graphics were also a letdown from 5's parallax graphics, and even some of the sprites (ex.: Mega Man climbing up looks really funky) look rather static. It's clear that this is the last NES game released (to my knowledge), but I think Capcom could've done better. Another aspect of the game that really bothered me was the simplicity of the stages (and the game's insanely easy difficulty).OVERALLI really am mixed about this game. For the longest time, I really liked this one over 5 because it seemed to be more fun. Now, after judging the two games from today's standpoint, I liked 5 better overall because it was harder, the gameplay was a bit smoother (not to mention Beat was ten times better), and the storyline is among the best in the series. This game has great ideas like the Rush adaptors, the Energy Equalizer (I think that's what it's called), better music, and interesting bosses. So basically, if you mashed the two together, you'd get all the Mega Man qualities. Seriously, though, I think Capcom really rushed this one and it shows... And, so, with strenous decision-making, I'd have to say that 5 is better by a notch. Oh man, this game comes SOOOO close. With that said, this is still a decent game, but I ONLY recommend it to Mega Man fans.
Mega Man 6 marks the conclusion of the popular series on the NES.  By this point many fans were getting tired of the same old formula, however I'm an exception in that regard- a winning formula *never* gets old in my opinion.  I've always felt this way.  You could release 20 games in this same exact style and if I like the idea, I'll continue to play.However Mega Man 6 does have some minor issues.  The biggest being the emptiness you occasionally encounter in some of the stages.  It's more like large sections that feel like filler to dash through, which is a shame.  It reveals that Capcom was indeed running out of ideas by this point and simply putting MM6 on the market because it's Mega Man and it'd sell on the name alone.  The bosses aren't nearly as threatening as previous games either.  About half of them can be completed with little trouble, while the more aggressives one can be taken down by dashing around like crazy.  Not a problem however.  Easiness is rather encouraging after the struggles I had in, say, Mega Man 4.Pretty catchy music but nothing that blows me away.  The weapons are decent enough, but again, I can take or leave them.  Probably the most noticeable sign that Capcom was running low on ideas is, if you've ever played Mega Man X3, there's a Blast Rhino and Volt Catfish stage.  These two stages have similar enemies and design as a couple from THIS game.  So there you have it- a decent game that I'm being generous with giving it 4 stars when it probably deserves less, and a 5 is totally out of the question.  Fun, but the X series caught on soon after as gamers anticipated the Super NES Mega Man games.
Much like Mega Man 2, I have fond memories of Mega Man 6. While it's hard to deny the series was running out of gas by this point - just take a look at some of the robot masters - there were several things that managed to grab my attention. The most important additions in Mega Man 6 have to be the Rush adapters that grant the player the ability to turn into Jet and Power Mega Man. These forms allow the player to reach previously inaccessible areas and help bring back a little of the exploration that's been slightly siphoned out of the games over the years.Welcome as adapters are, they can also show one how sloppy the game can be. The first eight stages of the game play like a dream and I have no complaints. It's only after the player enters the final two fortresses do we see where how ugly things can get when game's challenges are not tackled the right way. Things are entertaining and a breeze with the right weapons/form in hand, but this slick veneer is quickly peeled away when the player is caught between a rock and a hard place. Even with advance knowledge of what's ahead it's amazing how easy it is for this to occur.Still, like the family pet the fails to do its business outside, it's hard to stay mad at Mega Man 6. This especially holds true when one considers the fact the game almost didn't make it out of Japan. With the arrival of Mega Man X, Capcom decided to forgo publishing the game abroad; it was only after Nintendo decided to pick it up for the fading NES that we actually got the game.Its interesting history and aggravating points aside, Mega Man 6 is an excellent conclusion to the NES library of Mega Man titles. While my memories don't exactly gel with currently realities - the game not being the juggernaut I remember - such is the fate of many of the games we grow up with. That said, the game is easily a worth while investment for fans and newcomers alike.
Mr. X, sponsor of the World Robot tournament, has stolen the eight strongest robots and converted them for his own evil deeds! He then announces he has been controlling Dr. Wily from the day he turned evil! Why would Mr. X be doing this? If you haven't been able to guess he IS Dr. Wily, something's wrong. THREE FAKE BAD GUY PLOTS IN A ROW! GIVE ME A BREAK! What the plot lacks the game makes up for. The Rush Jet is now a jetpack suit, and there's a Rush Power adaptor to break down walls! If you can find Proto Man he'll give you a special item too! There are fake and real robot masters in half the stages. Defeat the four real ones and you get ANOTHER great item! An NES game has never had music as good as this one. Despite shortcomings and predictability, this is still a good game, worthy of being played through at least once.
When people first think of Nintendo, Mario is obviously the first thing that enters most people's minds.  Even being the huge Zelda fan that I am, Mario has still plopped into my head first; Mario, like Sonic is for Sega, is still a pop culture icon that seemingly doesn't age... and it all started because of this game.  Super Mario Brothers.THE GOODOddly enough, this game stands the test of time, even with later games (not all of them, mind you) that have seemingly better graphics and color schemes.  It has this otherworldly fun factor that somehow exceeds most games (kind of like Tetris).  The music may be old, but the soundtrack to this game grabs you by the cojones and forces you to like it.  Everything about this game, in fact, inherently grabs you like no other game could.THE BADPerhaps the only bad thing about it that I can say is probably the fact that I've gone through so many "You found the Princess!  EHHHH! She's in another house, GO AWAY!" scenes that it got annoying (for those of you who are going "You got the phrase wrong," it came from a song).  But oh well... I suppose it adds to the charm of the game.OVERALLA classic game.  This should never be ignored.  In fact, I think game developers should test play this game and use it as a template for how games are made.  Not just as a platform aspect, but its blend of fun and difficulty is uncanny.  It's very saddening to see today's gamers not liking it because "it has bad graphics" or other such drivel.  I don't know what the mentality is, but back in the day, I guess us old gamers appreciated it more for what it was, rather than just a part of the game.  *Sigh*  Anyways, It's pretty common to find in game stores, so it's not like it's going to run out or anything; it's Mario, and he's here to stay.
This is the side scrolling adventure of Mario and his brother Luigi if you have 2 players through the mushroom kingdom. It is a very basic, easy to play yet challenging, fun game to play. A is to jump, holding B is to run, left, right and down are to move and duck. You can jump over pits, jump on enemies to defeat them and collect three powerups. The super mushroom will just make you bigger to take a second hit of damage. The fireflower lets you shoot a bouncing fireball when you press the B button and the starman makes you invincible to plow through enemies.The game is broken up into 8 worlds, each with 4 levels. Everything from a jog to the end, to swimming, castles or a mad dash over a bridge with flying fish. This is a true classic, but I guess the only downside is there is a release with Duckhunt. You can breeze through the game and have fun while doing it. Pick it up and play it to relive the first must have game for the NES.
It's no wonder why Mario became so popular after this game was released. The level design is fantastic, the graphics and sound are great for it's time, and Mario gets a few nice power-ups. I don't like all the really old games that much, but this game is definitely the greatest game of the 80's. It's still pretty fun to play it today. I rate this game 89/100.
Compared to many video games today, this game may be very simplistic, even boring. But 25 years ago, this was the height of videogame technology. You had it all - a bad guy, a princess to save, a hero who can gain additional powers, and the like. There were even shortcuts one could take so as to not have to traverse all eight worlds. It does get a bit repetitive compared to newer games, but it's still a classic.
This particular run of the Super Mario series was probably the most hated because it went in a totally different way than all the others (and notice how after this was released, a year or so later, Super Mario 3 had gone back to that original gameplay and became the new platform for the Mario Series).I admit I liked that this one was different, but I didn't like that it wasn't as interesting as it prequel or the continuing sequels after it. No hopping on enemy after enemy, no fireballs, now we throw things at everything. Getting Super Stars was pretty random. All in all, Mario was on a different tip with this one.But we still love this game, why? Because it's MARIO and let's face it we've all been this loyal for how long?? Me personally, I was a teen when the Nintendo came out and I still play my original NES (Yes it's still in perfect condition somehow after 10+ years). Anyway, if you're looking for nostalgia, you might want to consider this one or Super Mario 3.
After Super Mario bros was a success. Japan was trying to release Super Mario Bros 2 Lost levels but couldn't be sent to America so instead they used a game called Doki Doki Panic and gave it a mario makeover which means well lets just talk about the story the plot is about mario rescuing a dream from the villan called Wart.Game wise you get a run button you can pick up vegetables to throw at enemies also you can pick up enemies as well. Items you only get the Starman you collect 5 cherries in each level to get them. Bowser is not in this game at all. No fire flowers at all. The pow block is in the game from the original mario bros game.For playable characters u can play as Mario, Luigi, Peach, and Toad. Luigi can jump extra high toad can pick up stuff faster, Peach can fly for a limited time, and Mario is just a normal standered character. There is a boss called birdo who shoots eggs out it's mouth and fire balls.
For a game that does not fit into the general Super Mario canon, this game is actually very enjoyable. So what if it's different and not what one expected? The game itself, regardless of story or characters, is entertaining. You get to pick which one out of 4 characters you want to play, each with their own strengths and weaknesses, and you can change them every level, so you don't have to be 'stuck' with one character. The gameplay itself is solid and clean, with some entertaining characters and mini-challenge (like finding the hidden keys and getting away from Phantos before he can attack you, or finding caches of gold coins or mushrooms. It might not be the greatest Mario title, but it certainly is a solid one.
This is my type of game that I can enjoy on the NES. Because I like to cheat on it and go to the end, which that makes me feel better. I like Mario's costume as a raccoon, but I didn't know as a kid that raccoons could fly. What a way to lie to a kid! The last level is the best scene to go to, although, it seems hard than I thought. I like Level 7 because of the pipes, although, it gets confusing but it's fun. I had never got passed Level 8 yet. Darn! I wonder who did. This is my game to keep.
It's not as good as the original Super Mario Bros., but definitely a lot better than Super Mario Bros. 2. There are a lot of great power-ups, and a huge variety of them. However, the game is a bit too easy, Super Mario World is more challenging. The level design is cool, but it couldn't live up to Mario World's level design. The graphics and sound are the second best on it's system. Overall, it's not the all time great it's made out to be, in fact it's not even in my top 20 Mario games! This game does not deserve to be called the best Mario game ever, and it makes me mad! I rate this game 82/100.
The only thing that could have made this game better was a save feature, due to the complexity of the levels and the amount of time it would actually take to go through each and every level of the game. Fortunately, that was an option in 'Mario All-Stars' for the SNES, but this NES version is still classic. It stands out as one of the best Mario titles out there, as well as just being an awesome videogame overall. One of my personal favorite features was the fact that you could save items for later, so you could whip out an Mushroom or Flower if you were faced with an particularly daunting level, and I loved the card games. Whether or not you're a Mario fan, this game is awesome.
Back in the late 80s, Capcom created a series of games that would achieve status as classics including 1942, Strider, Bionic Commando, Commando, Ghosts N Ghouls, among many others.  One of the games didn't stand out much for the fact that not very many copies were sold, but it quickly rose to become a cult classic.  It was among the first of its kind and generated sequels and spin-offs that would please many gamers around the world.  His name: Mega Man.THE GOODThe graphics were ahead of their time and this is one of the few instances where an early game reaches the potential of the system.  The music was also very well written and many of the tunes stood out including Cutman, Elecman, and Fireman.  This was one of the first games to define the "platform" genre (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was around the same time as well).  Of course, it's fun.  I noticed many Mega Man gamers tend to dismiss this one because "it was raw" and/or "it was too hard."  Bah.  I enjoyed the difficulty level and I like this game over Mega Mans 5-8 anyhow (not that they were terrible, mind you).  The ending was also pretty good considering no dialogue is spoken.THE BADIn this game, when you're flashing and you hit spikes, you still die.  This was changed in later entries.  Also, there is no password system to save your game, so you'd have to start from scratch every time.  Oh, and did you remember the game box's cover?  Weird.  Still, this is Mega Man in its raw form and should be reviewed lightly.OVERALLWhat can I say?  The Mega Man series is a great one and this is the one that started the whole thing.  I loved the old school feeling this game has and the fact that it's among the hardest in the series.  This is a hidden gem, folks; it's rare, but I highly suggest you hunting down this game for your NES.
The original Mega Man is probably not a classic truth be told.  The game unfortunately feels lacking in several areas compared to MM2, 3, 4 and 5.  The backgrounds are a little boring and repetitive, the gameplay feels slower than what you've come to expect later on and maybe even choppy at times, the amount of enemies are few and far between, and the music is probably not up to par either.  However I believe it's completely forgiveable for a debut to have these problems, especially since it's Mega Man we're talking about here- the action-packed series that satisfied most of our heart-pumping explosion cravings in the 80's and early 90's.  We also need to realize this game was probably a major influence for all the robotic-themed video game series released several years later.  I can't say this with absolute certainty- only knowing this game was highly praised back in the day allows me to assume it was influential to some extent.Yes, you only have 6 bosses and stages compared to what would quickly become the standard (8), but these stages offer a wonderful challenge and gameplay basically the same as Mega Man 2.  To give an example of the games difficulty, these flippable platforms appear early on in one stage that will SURELY force you to lose in controller-slamming fashion until you figure out how they function.  Losing is quite alright though- this game is part of the rough and tough "expect no mercy" gaming experience from the mid to late 80's.  This period of gaming is exactly what made the NES so awesome.  It wasn't really about completing the game for many of us- it was about how far we'd be able to progress.This game also uses a points system which seems really odd but again, Capcom didn't know at the time that a point system wasn't really necessary so I can't fault it- only ignore it.  Great start.  Please though, make sure you enter these stages with the correct weapon or you probably won't survive.  Why is this, you wonder?  Because the enemies take away a pretty good amount of damage per hit.  For those who don't like this game, please consider that it could have been a lot worse.
When you talk about Capcom, the developer and publisher has a long and celebrated history. They got their start during the 1980's making video games for the NES. In 1987, they released several of them in hopes of showing that their games were fun to play. Little did they knew that a major franchise was born to humble beginnings; Mega Man almost didn't see the light of day outside of Japan. Capcom decided at the last minute to release it in the U.S. and it led to one of the worst box art designs in the history of video games. It didn't matter because the few players who got their hands on this game realized that there was something cool about it. Word of mouth quickly spread out through the gaming community and Mega Man had gathered a cult following. Oh yes....the Blue Bomber's first adventure left quite an impression on gamers everywhere.In Mega Man, you control Mega Man (AKA Rockman in Japan), a human-like robot created by Dr. Wright (later on, Capcom changed his name to Dr. Light.) He sought out the game's main villain, Dr. Wily, who re-programmed Dr. Wright's robots to work for him and wreck havoc in the city of Monsteropolis. As Mega Man, you chose from six stages filled with enemies, traps, pits and a Robot Master. Beat the Robot Master of each stage to acquire his special power. After you clear all six stages, you ran through four more stages filled with more boss characters, the chance to fight all six Robot Masters again and finally, you fought against Dr. Wily. You did not have access to passwords or battery backed saves but you were able to pick up extra lives and had unlimited continues.The PROS: Out of all the games Capcom released, this one stuck out. It was a one of a kind game involving robots, a futuristic setting, the ability to gain enemy robots' powers and interesting stage layouts that put your shooting, jumping and memorization skills to the test. For its time, the graphics were pretty sharp and bright. The sound effects and controls were spot on and easy to appreciate. The music was excellent since each Robot Master's stage got its own theme so it fit the mood perfectly. There was a lot of variety when it came to enemy robots and some were exclusive to certain stages. Mega Man quickly became known as a hard as nails game to play through so if you beat it, you were among an elite group of gamers that managed to pull it off.The CONS: Since it was really hard to beat back then, it also proved to be its biggest fault. At the time, most games were pretty easy to clear compared to Mega Man. The game had been too much for some players which led to most people who attempted to beat it to give up completely. It was a bit demanding to beat the game in one setting even though you had unlimited continues and enemies would randomly drop extra lives though not as often. It was also one of the few games where you didn't earn extra lives through points so it didn't help at all.Despite the steep learning curve and the fact that it demanded high gaming skills, Mega Man earned its place in video game history and gave birth to one of Capcom's most recognized video game characters. They would go on to release five more sequels on the NES, a new spin off series for the SNES and PS1 and multiple portable iterations. If you missed your chance to play this diamond in the rough title, you can search for a used copy or pick up the Mega Man Anniversary Collection for the PS2 or Gamecube consoles. Also, if you own a Wii, you can download this game from their Virtual Console Service for US $5.00 (500 points.)
Mega Man(1987). Part one of a nine game series.For the most part, NES action platform games were very entertaining, but often they lacked variety and ways to reward the player. Most games (with the exception of RPG and Adventure games) had you play as a character who is more or less the same at the end as they were when you started. In 1987, Capcom stepped in and came up with an interesting idea: "What if you could defeat a boss and steal their weapon to use for the rest of the game?" Thus, the Mega Man series was born. Here's the lowdown on the first legendary game:PROS:-While the story isn't exactly incredible, this being the first game, it is actually pulled off well. Two scientists, Dr. Light and Dr. Wily, created six mining robots which specialized in specific environments. However, Dr. Wily became jealous of Dr. Light's praise and so he reprogrammed these six robots to do his own evil bidding. Secretly, Dr. Light had created two household robots, Rock and Roll. Rock decides to have Dr. Light fit him with armor and a plasma gun in order to stop Dr. Wily and the six corrupted Mining bots, thus turning Rock into Mega Man.-Even though there are only six bosses, they are each very unique and offer a variety of weapons. For instance, Cutman throws his scissors out in a boomerang-like fashion, while Gutsman picks up boulders and hurls them. Also, THE BOSSES ARE NICE AND TOUGH. Elecman is particularly nasty.-Mega Man's controls are nice and simple. He may not have a lot of abilities in this game, but the "jump/run/shoot" set of controls are all he really needs here.-POSSIBLY THE MOST DIFFICULT ENTRY IN THE SERIES. Yes, this game will really test your gaming abilities to the limit, as there are no E-tanks and passwords to be found here. I seem to notice that a lot of people complain about the lack of passwords. Please. Mega Man games are generally pretty short, so IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE PATIENCE TO SIT THROUGH AN ENTIRE MEGA MAN GAME, THEN YOU SHOULDN'T EVEN BOTHER PLAYING THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE. I never use passwords.-GREAT VARIETY OF LEVEL DESIGNS AND ENEMIES TO FIGHT. The levels aren't too terribly long, but not brief either. Likewise, the enemies will definitely keep the player busy enough to make it challenging, but not too frustrating (except for maybe the final levels).-The graphics are nice for the era, and there is very little if any slowdown present. The sprites of Mega Man and the bosses are all equal size, not like later entries in which the bosses dwarf the poor blue guy.-This might be cheating, but I LIKE THE PAUSE CHEAT THAT YOU CAN USE TO HELP YOU WITH SOME BOSSES. I won't tell you how to use it. Find out yourselves.-Though the sound effects are good, IT'S THE MUSIC THAT WILL REALLY CATCH YOUR ATTENTION. Most of the tunes are done well, my favorites being Iceman and Elecman's themes in particular.There are no bad tunes to be found here.CONS:-Even though this is the first game, I THOUGHT THAT THE MAGNET BEAM GENERATOR ABILITY WAS LACKING. Whenever you're standing on one and it disappears, you not only fall, but you DIVE STRAIGHT DOWN AS FAST AS A BULLET! It's the only extra ability besides the boss weapons, and it seemed like a good idea, but not quite there in its execution.-THERE ARE NO E-TANKS YET. This isn't that big of a deal because this makes the game more challenging, but there a few areas (the later levels in particular) in which you'll really wish you had them.-SPIKES ARE THE DEVIL IN THIS GAME!! Not because they can kill you in one hit, but because they can kill you while you're recovering from an attack. It might make traversing levels harder, but I find this to be annoying. Thankfully, Capcom fixed this in the next game.-Though the main character is in fact Mega Man, by looking at the box cover, you'd think otherwise.-What's up with the point system? You go around collecting little orange and red balls throughout the levels which are supposed to increase your score at the end of each level, but THE POINTS NEVER EARN YOU LIVES OR ANYTHING. Thankfully, this is the only game to include points.Overall, this is a great game even though there are a few rough spots here and there. Besides, it laid the official groundwork for the rest of the series, and EVERYONE HAS TO AT LEAST APPRECIATE THAT. It's not my favorite MM game, but it is certainly not bad at all. In fact, this was the last of the NES MM games I played. 4 stars overall. If you want a game which has a great old-school feel, but will not let you down on the challenge factor, then the first MM game is the right place to come to. Get equipped with bubble lead and go find a copy!
The first Megaman game I ever played was MM3, and after that I played a couple of later MM games before I finally played the original Mega Man. I immediately noticed several differences, but for a first game, this was pretty good. It's a bit clunky and simplistic compared to its successors (much like Final Fantasy 1 or Super Mario Brothers) but is still a nice, solid game. Definitely not the best of the Mega Man series, (this lacked in a password feature, and replay value is somewhat limited) this game still does deserve a try and to be played once if you're a die-hard Megaman fan.
When Capcom released MEGA MAN (or ROCKMAN in Japan), they could have had little idea that they just launched their biggest franchise, nor would it be possible for the buying public to realise this character would go on to become the most prolific game character ever.His first game, an action platformer from 1987, famously introduced the concept of chosing your own order in which to beat the stages.  Not only that, when you defeat the boss of that level, you get his/her powers, and can use these powers against other robot masters.  While the weaknesses had some logic in them in the first three games, as it is based off the game Paper, Rock, Scissors, the further we got along in the MM series the less that analogy really worked (seriously, why is Tomahawk Man in MM VI weak too ?).  While the game itself is pretty linear, MM still gave the players a rather remarkable sense of freedom in the 1980s.  While the concept has since been beat to death, if you're from that generation of players you can't help but appreciate MM's rather daring game play.  But that doesn't mean it's a perfect game.  Not by a long shot.The game has some of the most notorious cover art in video game history.  The cover art has absolutely nothing to do with the game, and Mega Man looks like a forty five year old man holding a gun in some bizarre futuristic place.Like most franchise that began in the 1980s (Castlevania, Metroid, Kid Icarus, Ninja Gaiden, Mario, The Legend of Zelda, and several others), this first game may seem a little bit rough compared to later installments.  While arguably SMB could be released in today's game market with little or no changes, games like Metroid, the first Zelda, and this title  would never be released without some significant revisions.  Metroid has no automap, and you're left wondering around this labyrinth maze with little or no direction where to go.  Zelda has the same issue, though instead of a maze it's a large overworld, and it's damn near impossible to find all its secrets without referring to some type of map or game guide, which in the 1980s were hard to come by if you didn't have a subscription to Nintendo Power (the essential gaming magazine of the 1980s).  Metroid is a particular favorite of mine, particularly for the lack of auto-map, but for those professional critics who criticize its game play, the original LEGEND OF ZELDA is just as unforgiving and obtuse at times.  Still both are great games.Mega Man is the same way.  There [are undeniably some great parts to the game, but it's a little rough around the edges by today's standards, like most games of that era].  Overall, the game's difficulty is rather high, especially in the last stages.  And, like Zelda II, the game difficulty also has just some plain cheap shots to it.  If it weren't for the Magnetic Beam, I would probably never get past the last half of the Ice Man's stage (which involves jumping from platform to platform, dodging shots).  You can be standing directly on the platform, in the dead center, get shot and get knocked off or fall through to your instant death.  Even with Mega Man's infamous recoil he should be knocked that far back.  Guts Man's roving platforms at the beginning of that stage are also rather notorious.Speaking of the Magnetic Beam, all six NES titles have special items that you must use to further advance in the game.  From MMII on, you would get said item after defeating a particular robot master.  In this game, however, the item is in plain view in the Elec Man stage, though you must have defeated Guts Man and use his weapon to throw away the blocks that keep Mega Man from getting the item.  You may or may not pick it up. But here's the trick.  You must have it to get past a certain area in the opening stage of Dr. Wily's castle.  The game is rather cheap like that.Other difficulties include lack of Energy Tanks as well as no password feature.  That means every time you turn on the game you must start all over.  Now, this problem has since been alleviated with the game's release on the MEGA MAN ANNIVERSARY COLLECTION. But if you're playing on an original NES, well, good luck.Back in 1987, most gamers were still going for high scores, and so MEGA MAN, the only game in the entire (massive) franchise to do so, has points and keeps score.  Anyone who gets a high score on this game I do admire, as when you run out of lives you die, and given the game's difficulty, you will end up losing your accumulated score quite often.  Still, there's no high score keeper, and you don't get anything for high points.  Overall, this feature feels much more like a relic of its time, and very much feels like the high score feature was simply tacked on to an already existing game.  The high score serves no real function, and Capcom wisely disregarded it when they made MEGA MAN II.The game also features different graphics for the health powerup and the weapon powerup.  These items graphically are the same for MM2 to MM6, but in MM1 they appear totally different.  The game also features an exclusive item to the series, a powerup called the Yashichi.  It only appears once in the last stage of the game.  Capcom used the item in other games in that same era.[Throughout the series, if Mega Man is hit by an enemy, he becomes temporarily invincible to further attacks. From Mega Man 2 on, this invincibility would even protect Mega Man if he fell onto spikes. However, in the NES version of Mega Man 1, that is not the case. While the temporary invincibility is featured in this game, it will not prevent Mega Man from perishing if he falls onto spikes. This aspect of the Mega Man 1 play mechanics contributes greatly to the game's overall difficulty.Also, for the six NES games, MM1 is the only one that makes the player fight enemies after reaching the Robot Master's lair. In the other five installments, once Mega Man reaches the Robot Master's room, Mega Man goes into a short passageway into the next room to fight that particular level's boss. There are no enemies in these passageways, and are only one screen long. However, in MM1, the corridors are longer than one screen and there are enemies to contend with when bartering passage to the Robot Masters. These corridors might have been leftovers during development, during which Capcom originally was going to release the game on the Famicom Disk System. The corridors would have been used as "loading tunnels", allowing the disk to be accessed and load up the boss fight without any major pauses in the action. In the end, Capcom switched to cartridges instead, but the tunnels stayed, anyway.Mega Man 1 is also the only NES Mega Man game that makes the player climb up or down once he or she reaches the inner chamber. In Elec Man's stage, the player must climb up a ladder to reach his lair; in Bomb Man's stage, the player climbs down a ladder (or falls) to reach his lair.At the end of every NES Mega Man game, the player must fight the game's Robot Masters a second time before going to the final showdown with Dr. Wily. MM1 is the only game that spreads these fights across two separate levels (Mega Man must fight Cut Man and Elec Man on Wily Stage 2, and then has to fight Bomb Man, Fire Man, Ice Man, and Guts Man on Wily Stage 4). MM1 is also one of the only two games in the Classic series (the other being Mega Man & Bass) that does not allow the player to select the order in which to fight the Robot Masters a second time. In Mega Man 2 through 6, after defeating each Robot Master the second time, a large energy pellet appears. In Mega Man 1, these do not appear, making the last stage considerably difficult.Starting with Mega Man 2, the player is shown a visual representation of Dr. Wily's castle (or, in Mega Man 4, 5, and 6; Dr. Cossack's castle, Proto Man's castle, and Mr. X's castle, respectively, with Dr Wily's castle following each). Each stage is a dot on the map, and when Mega Man beats one stage and goes to the next, this progress is shown on the map. Mega Man 1, however, does not have this feature. In the PSP remake, Mega Man Powered Up, it can be seen as the player loads one of four final levels, and is named "Castle Wily". Mega Man 1 is also the only game where the player selects Dr. Wily's stage and he appears like the Robot Master with the clear points listed next to him.This section in brackets drawn from Wikipedia.  I wrote these sections in that article, however.]I can proudly say that I have beaten this game, but only once.  The last stage on Dr. Wily is absolutely brutal, and the last fight with those four bosses back to back extremely hard.  Without the pause trick I don't know how people do it.  And the Yellow Devil is a nightmare as well.  Still, I beat the game (this one's harder that LOST LEVELS any day).Of all the six NES games, this has the most old-school feel to it.  Other installments to the series feel much more refined and much more polished.  This title, though, feels like it stands along the ranks of Zelda, Metroid, Ninja Gaiden, and Mario for that old-school, mid 1980s gaming goodness.Despite its difficulty, this is easily one of my favorite NES games.  The game has proven to hold up remarkably well, despite the rough edges, and it is only by tinkering with the game engine slightly (by lowering the difficulty and introducting a couple new features) that Capcom introduced the masterpieces MMII and MMIII.  But the foundation for those games was all here.Overall, this is the worst of the original Mega Man trilogy.  Still, a legendary start, and rightly so.This is my order of Mega Man NES titles from best to worst.  II and III are the best, though I give a slight edge to II because this is the game that really redefined the Mega Man formula, but III is just as good, and probably better.  IV and V are about the same as well, though neither approach the sublime quality of the first three.MEGA MAN IIMEGA MAN IIIMEGA MANMEGA MAN VMEGA MAN IVMEGA MAN VI.
Not many people probably remember or have even played this one, but it was the 1st of a fabulous series to come.  The graphics and music were pretty basic, but the gameplay was pretty fun and it was cool that the characters changed their look after you returned the rat's tail to the dragon king.  It was a slow game to start with, but as you played more, it got more interesting.  They possibly could've made it a bit better, but all in all it was a good game.
Compared to the sprawling worlds and storylines of current Final Fantasy games (FF12 and around that), this game is pitifully simple. And let's be honest, in these times, this game really isn't that impressive. The quest is simple, there is NO character development, and the weapons/armor system was very clunky. One thing that really bothered me was that you had to have someone drop their weapon or armor before you could pick up something else and equip it, and once thrown away, these items were irretrievable.If you want to try this game, best to try the Gameboy Advance version of this game, which comes with a better item/weapon(and magic) system along with several bonus dungeons, and many cool items you never had before. Still, back then in the 80's, this game was admittedly one of the best of its kind, and even today, stands as a classic.
I am the biggest Zelda fan ever since I was 6 or 7 years old. So, I like this game because it's a gold cartridge and the gameplay is undetectable. I like adorable Link and he looks more like an ant in the graphics because it's NES. In the Nintendo 64, he looks like a giant, but better to see him. And I bet you that on Nintendo Gamecube, he's going to look better than an ant graphic, which I would love when the graphics are enhanced. As far as the graphics get better to see the backgrounds and other things surrounding in the game, that's far too good. This is a keeper and I wouldn't sell it to anyone. It's a memory from the past.
This honestly isn't a bad game for the game that kicked off the Legend of Zelda franchise. It may be simplistic compared to later games like Ocarina of Time or Twilight Princess, but even now, I still like playing it. There's not much I can say here that other reviewers haven't said. This is a rocking game, and if you're a Legend of Zelda fan, then you seriously need to try this game. It might be around 25 years old, but it's a solid classic with features seen even in today's newest LoZ games.
This started all of the zelda series and it is still going today! I loved zelda ever since i played this game so now i have played mostly all of them. This game is fun and all but the layout is confusing and from this game up to the snes zelda they r all the same type of layout. That is why i like the newer ones with the first person view. But this is the first one i played and it still makes me happy when i play it. I mean it has a good replay value. It has great music and sound for the nes and i played  this game on the nes the most because it has a save feature which is amazing for back in its day. I wish that mario and other games had save too so it would make it much eaiser. But zelda would almost be impossible to beat if it did not have save on it because it would take so long. Mabey thats why it was such a good seller. I love this game but it is very hard when u get far enough into it.
You better have a map handy when playing this game.  Its quite complicated.  But the thing is, if you've already played A Link to the Past, this game hasn't much more to offer.  Perhaps the only thing it has that's not in the SNES version is the feature where you're forced to pay for door repairs if you blow up certain cave walls.Zelda 1 is basically the prototype for A Link to the Past.  That's why I like the 2nd Zelda better.  Because it's actually a different game from the 1st and 3rd Zelda.  Zelda 1 and 3 have pretty much the exact same gameplay except 3 is a massive improvement in terms of characters and graphics.Still, its nice to play this game again 20 years later, see the dragon in the first dungeon, and say, "Hey, I remember that guy."I beat the first quest of the game, but I didn't feel like doing another quest all over again.  Especially when the only difference is in difficulty level and where items are placed.The first 2 Zeldas aren't bad for classic games, but I think I'd only classify A Link to the Past as a must-play.  Zelda 1 is so bland in comparison.8/12/07 - Finally I finished the second quest.  Its quite a bit more difficult than the first quest.  I didn't realize that although the map of Hyrule looks the same, the dungeons are completely different in look as well as item placement.  Throughout the second quest I always seemed short on money, and I kept getting my sword stolen by those orange sparkle things.  Let me emphasize that you REALLY need a map for this second quest because darn near all the dungeons are completely hidden in places you would never guess in a million years.This game was long as heck for a game made in 1986.  Contrary to my earlier remarks, I would definitely recommend going through the second quest after you've beaten the first because the dungeons are much more challenging.  Great replay value.  Definitely an adventure.
Now I am going to review a game that most Zelda fans are divided on some hate some like it & that is The Adventure Of Link Zelda II. I am being honest if I want to play Zelda this wouldn't be the 1st game I'd pop in I would go for the 1st game or my favorite A Link To The Past or Ocarina Of Time, Majora's Mask or Twilight Princess which I finally got around to playing I can say each time I play it I like it more & more. Zelda II was released in January of 1987 in Japan & in December of 1988 in The US. So really it was rushed in Japan & btw The Japanese love hard games The Japanese version of Super Mario Brother 2 is very hard so much so that they took another game & put Mario characters in it. I don't know if it would've worked out if they had done the same thing for Zelda II so it's probably best they didn't. Zelda II is unique cause it's a side scroller & it put in more RPG elements. Both the original Zelda on The NES & A Link To The Past on SNES were both overhead games & were more of an adventure game than an RPG. This game doesn't use rupees you have to to rely on experience points & special skills you get in towns when you talk to the old men or knights or the gear or tool you find in towns. So it does have a novelty of being a full RPG & not just RPG elements. There are your typical easy enemies outside in Hyrule & in the 1st few dungeons & the dungeons aren't too bad. The bosses I think are more unique than the original Zelda. I might as well get into the story Ganon was defeated in The Legend Of Zelda but there are still members of Ganon's clan that still worship him & they have what's left of Ganon & the only attempt to bring Ganon back to his pig like glory is they need to kill Link & use his blood to revive Ganon. Link has came back to Hyrule cause he needs to attain The Triforce Of Courage hidden in The Great Palace so evil couldn't get their hands on it. Impa tells Link a story about when The King Of Hyrule died & left the kingdom to Zelda A Wizard tells The King's Son that his sister knows where the 3rd piece of The Triforce is at The Wizard threatens to put a sleeping spell on her. She won't give the location out so she is put under the spell but The Wizard dies right after. So this Zelda has been asleep for hundreds of years. Impa gives Link these 6 gems to place in 6 dungeons to get to The Great Palace. So the remaining followers of Ganon see this as their time to strike & believe me you they are p  i  s  sed at you. You start off with Moblins & bits & bots going after you but then you have these Tektites that are the hardest they have ever been & you have to have the fire spell that shoots fireballs out of your sword to kill them. Not only that you have to deal with these axe wielding enemies called Daria's annoying enemies like Megmat's & these things called Moa's that fly all over the screen. Bago Bago are very annoying & can get in your way & they can knock you off into a pit or whatever & you lose a lifewhich if you lose all 3 lives then it's game over return of Ganon you lose all your experience points I don't know if you lose all your tools or not. I can forgive the difficulty cause a lot of NES games were hard so no problem with it's difficulty but I can't give the 3 lives & you start over the pass.  Another enemy that is bad news is Iron Knuckles the blue Partetamce, The Wizrobe's & even worse in the 3rd dungeon they look like member of TheK  K  K. You have these things called Ra's that fly across the screen they're in the way. The Bubles steal your magic for no good reason & you need magic & you need as much as possible mainly the shield spell, life spell & later on the thunder spell. The attacks you learn like the down thrust come in real handy especially for The Rebonack boss. I will talk about some fo the magic you get the shield spell lets you take less damage when hit. A jump spell that makes you jump higher. Which that spell is also great in boss battles. The life spell does what it says it regains some of your health again great in boss battles. The fairy spell Link turns into a Fairy no comment here. Reflect Spell it knocks back attacks such as The Wizrobes attacks. The spell spell which turns some enemies into bits & bots. The Thunder spell which makes 1 of the last bosses Thunderbird. This game as I said has better bosses than the 1st game well except for the 1st 2 temple the 1st dungeon's boss is Horse Head & in the 2nd temple you have Helmet Head. The 3rd temple you face Rebonack. The 4th temple you face Carock it's rememberable  cause the way you defeat it is using the reflect spell & it doesn't take much to beat it. Gooma in the 5th dungeon is was sort of difficult but not impossible. Volvagia makes it's 1st appearance as Barba in the 6th dungeon it's not as great as the battle in Ocarina Of Time. In The Great Palace you face Thunderbird which you got to learn the pattern to beat it well. Then when you get The Triforce Of Courage you face Dark Link which is an evil version of Link. He's not much of a problem if you know the special method. I fell The Adventure Of Link Zelda II is worthy of being in the franchise. Shigeru Miyamoto must of enjoyed the mental torture this caused back in the day though. This game is all about preference as I said in my Zelda NES review you'll need some patience but not only patience for Zelda II but a lot of coffee & some kind of tobacco product & I won't fault you if you decide to use a Game Genie for this game. This game also established stuff like The Triforce Of Power, Wisdom & Courage. The towns was used more in future Zelda titles. There isn't much more I can say except I will review my favorite Zelda game The Legend Of Zelda A Link To The Past next.
This game is different from most of the other Zelda game - no hearts for life, just a meter, various magic spells, and a different item system than usually seen, along with leveling up RPG-style. Overall it's a enjoyable game. I really did enjoy this game and enjoyed the different format. Of course, having a shiny gold game cartridge is cool too.
Zelda II: The Adventure of Link* is the black sheep of the Zelda franchise.  One of the most controversial games of that era, players sent a clear message to Nintendo, saying the sequel didn't live up to its predecessor.  People still bought it, but the general consensus was it was not as good as the original "Legend of Zelda".  The biggest controversy of this game was it was a 2D scroller, instead of an overhead game like the original was.  You navigated in an overhead view.  Then the battles and actual dungeons are in the side scrolling format. Another big factor is this game is HARD.  VERY HARD.  It's also the only Zelda where you collect lives.  If you run out of lives and continue, instead of starting back at a particular dungeon's beginning, you begin at the very start of the game.  When we're talking about trying to beat the Great Palace, this turns into a nightmare.  There is also an unwieldy magic and leveling up system.  The magic continued in the Zelda series.  The leveling did not.  But because it was such a radical departure, and not wholly successful, Zelda II is viewed as a flawed, if interesting, game.The Zelda name does great damage here, because people come in expecting overview.  Zelda II tries to be innovative with an uneasy hybrid of side-scrolling and overworld.  Had it been released as just a fantasy game, I think Zelda II would be something of a cult classic.  As it stands, people constantly judge this game on the Zelda name alone, instead of giving the game a chance.  That's what really hurts Zelda II.Zelda II is a misunderstood game.  The true question, which cannot be answered, is this: "What would the public think if this had been released first, instead of The Legend of Zelda?"  Who knows?  No one does.  People expected the wrong things from this game.  People wanted traditional Zelda action, and this game didn't have that.  It's a hybrid of overhead and platform gaming.  This was one of Nintendo's biggest missteps in its history.  They had misread the audience.  All this has forever damaged Zelda II.  It will always be viewed from the perspective it is not as good as the other Zelda games.Without Zelda II, the structure of this seminal series would be drastically different.  In terms of lessons learned, this is by far the most important game in the series.  What if Nintendo hadn't done this game?  It is possible they might have tried the hybrid on SNES version.  Nintendo learned from its mistake, and never tried this again.  In the Zelda context, that is a good thing.Zelda is a great series, and without this under their belt, Nintendo might have put out a disappointing Zelda game at a much more crucial time in the series' evolution.  It's a great game in and of itself, and had it been redesigned in terms of story and not making it Zelda, it would be considered a classic.  But for Zelda it doesn't go with the others, and Nintendo learned what the public wants in a Zelda game.  In terms of sticking to the formula, this is the best thing that ever happened to Zelda.  If they had not released this game on the NES, they might have tried the hybrid experiment on the SNES game, and instead of getting what is arguably the greatest game on the SNES, and in the Zelda series, we would get a game like this.  Then, we wouldn't get a  game for the SNES comparable to Link to the Past.  If Nintendo had not made this game, they would have made this mistake (remember, it's a mistake only in context of the series) at a much worst time.What about Super Maria Brothers 3?  Although Zelda II was viewed as a disappointment, I think it had direct influence on SMB 3.  SMB 3 is the game Zelda II could have been.  SMB 3 successfully combined a type of overview world, but then you moved and played the stages.  Of course, the world in Zelda II was much more expansive.  The SMB series was already a side scroller.  It is hailed as one of the greatest NES games ever released.  And yet, earlier when they tried the same thing with Zelda II, it was viewed as a disappointment because Zelda was not a side scroller to begin with.  Nintendo took the hybrid idea into Mario, of which it was much more suited.  Mario was not an overview game to begin with.  When they did make the hybrid, they stuck with the basically formula of side scrolling, but they had a little overview too.In this view, Zelda II is out of balance.  In the series' context, they should have made more of the action overview, instead of all side-scrolling.  Some main parts of the game should be like that though, but then there should be more old-school Zelda overview.  As it stands in the series, its out of balance.  But without it, we might not have the hybrid of the overview/side scrolling found in SMB 3 and Super Mario World, which both are great games.  Independently, Zelda II stands proud.After all these years, Zelda II still occupies that weird uncle status in the Zelda family tree.  I personally think that it's a great game.  It stands as a failure in the context of the series.  Had it been released without the Zelda moniker, I think history and players would have been much more receptive to this charming (if entirely too difficult) game.*An interesting note about its title.  This is the only Zelda game it incorporate the numerical sequence into its official title.  Its also the only title in the series that does not have "The Legend of Zelda" in it.  Its just "Zelda II: The Adventure of Link."  It sounds better than "The Legend of Zelda: The Adventure of Link."  Too long I guess for those days
Zelda II: the Adventures of Link was a strong contrast to not only The Legend of Zelda, but to all the sequels that were released in the upcoming 24 years (game playwise, format wise, storyline wise and title wise).  Gannon was defeated in the previous game so he's nowhere to be seen, unless its game over (he returns after his minons and guardians feed him blood from a defeated Link).  A now late teenaged Link must awaken Princess Zelda (not the same Princess Zelda we all know, but a decendant from hundreds of years ago) from multi-century long slumber due to a wizard's evil spell.  In order to awaken Zelda, Link must obtain the Triforce of Courage from the Great Palace, but in order to unlock the palace, he must place six crystals on the stone statues of six different palaces that are guarded by six of the late-Gannon's guardians.  Some of Gannon's minor minions like Stalfos, Moblins, and Octoroks return to give Link more trouble but Link faces some of the most annoying minor enemies in video game history like the multi life sucking Dairas (those annoying axe weilding/thowing mutant alligators) and Ironknuckles (a more stubborn upgrade from Darknuts from the previous Zelda game who comes in three different forms).Unlike other Zelda titles, Link does not gain any upgrades on his armor, sword, and shield (according to the instruction manual, Link still uses his magical sword and shield he upgraded to in the first Zelda game), but you gain expeirence points in attack strength, life, and magic (a new feature in the Zelda game that will revisted in A Link To The Past and a few other games).  You do go into an attack mode as you run into a weak or strong enemy images floating around on the overview, but you don't take turns attacking like most traditional role playing games so Zelda II was very innovative for its time. Also another first is Link can go to different Hyrule towns to talk to select people for secrets to progress throughout the game or to learn new magic spells (from a town wizard) and offensive moves (like the upward jump sword thrust and downward stab sword thrust from a local swordsman).  Due to all these added features mentioned, this game acts more of like a role playing game with some minor modfifications.  Due to the success of the game, Castlevania II: Simon's Quest emulated its game play to the fullest with little excitement and more mundane objectives.  Despite of its difficulty, it was a fun game and a timeless classic of which many fans would dissmiss.  Many players complained due to the strong difficulty, but thats why there existed a battery genrated saved feature so you can try again.  The only disadvantage compared to the first game is that if its "Game Over," you go right back from the beginning, literally.  You don't start from the beginning of the palace, unless you loose all your lives at the Great Palace.  I also don't like the fact that you loose all of your expeirence points when you die.  Another minor complaint I have is that you are only confined by your sword for protection.  It would've been nice if Link had more variety of weapons like a boomerang or arrows because these offensive magic spells are too costly and the game is a bit stingy when it comes to refilling his magic meter (full magic bottles are rare).  Other than that, its a pretty good game, yet it is probaly condered the last adventure for Link due to the fact that all future Zelda releases were taken place before the first Zelda game.  Due to the storylines, they were all consired prequels.  Castlevania did the same thing for the third NES installment. Get your gold cartridge today!
I've played harder games than this one, but its certainly no cakewalk in any way, shape, or form.  It will definitely test your ability to inflict and dodge attacks.  Your life preserving strategies will get quite a workout too.  You've got to be on the ball if you want to get through this game.  Even with maxed out stats, you can't just plow through the game and take hits.  Heck, even with max strength I wouldn't mess with those knife-throwing eagles.  I just ran away from them, and still somehow lived.There's no way you can beat this game without a walkthrough.  No freaking way.  Way too many dangerous mazes and unobvious methods to get items.  And you need ALL of the items to get through the game.  You can't just pick and choose.  You need to have the thunder spell to beat the boss, and you need to have all the magic containers to get the spell, see.There are really only two places where you'd get stuck in this game.  Unfortunately one of the places is right at the beginning and the other is right at the end.  At the beginning, Death Mountain really is DEATH mountain.  I can't think of any way to get through it except by building up experience points like crazy and leveling up several times.  Those red alligator cavemen are monstrous.And at the end, well, just walking along the path from the giant spider to the Great Palace is a heck of a challenge.  Dinosaur men throw barrages of rocks at you with the accuracy of snipers, and one-eyed ghosts fly around randomly, knocking you into lava and zapping away whatever lives you have.  Thank goodness if you actually make it to the Great Palace, you can continue from there.What really makes this game so different from the other Zelda games is the jumps.  In Zelda 1 and 3, there aren't really any jumps, and if you miss a jump in Zelda 4, its not really all that big of a deal.  Start where you left off and try again.  But if you miss a jump in Zelda 2, it costs you dearly.  Miss three of those and you're back at the beginning, and believe me, there are plenty of enemies around to help you miss those three.The odd thing though, is that while the combat system and the required jump-dodging are what makes this game hard as heck, they also are what make the game good.  After some practice, you'll be impressed at what you're able to do.  Especially once you figure out how to get past those boomerang guys.  The controls are practically flawless, and my only complaint about them is Link's sword is too short for the upward thrust to be particularly effective.  Half the time I'd use that attack I'd take damage instead of give it.Quite primitive, and definitely not as good as Zelda 3 or 4, but it has some neat items and spells, and its definitely a man's game.  Play it if you dare.
This game is a lot different from the original Zelda. Unlike the first one, which was a top view adventure game, this game shifts genres to an RPG with side scrolling combat and dungeons. For its time it was quite innovative, and in some ways helped lay the foundation for future role playing games. However, as a Zelda game it just wasn't quite the game that a lot of fans were hoping for. It's still a good game though, and it's a must have for any NES collection. And if you're hardcore, you'll get the gold cartridge version!
Metroid is one of Nintendo's most popular franchises in the world today. From 1985, it has appeared on almost every Nintendo console released to the world and continues to evolve in terms of style, art direction, storyline and game play. While you can play the very first installment in this great series on the Wii via the Virtual Console service, most people who had the NES experienced it right here.You take control of Samus Aran, a female bounty hunter, who travels throughout space to help maintain order between the planets. Your mission wass to find and destroy Mother Brain, an evil entity out to take over the world with her army of various aliens. Back in 1985, this game blew the doors of what a contemporary game should be. Much like Super Mario Bros. set the standards for the once popular but now almost non-existent platform game, Metroid set the standards for the adventure genre with its branching paths to different worlds, various power suits and weapons. Without a map to rely on, you basically had to use your memory to find your way around the game. As you acquire these suits and weapons, you become stronger and can access certain rooms and gain entry to certain areas. Some of these are out in the open while others are concealed within the walls themselves so prepare to shoot your weapon everywhere. You eventually get to the last world where Mother Brain resides and fight it out until she's defeated.Just about everything about the game was and still is solid. The graphics, while primitive compared to today's standards, was top of the line as it was one of the launch games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The sound effects and music captured the mood while you're playing. The controls were responsive and do exactly what you wanted. The story was pretty basic but you got over it quickly. The game was pretty long so there was a password system in place. Whenever you die, you were given a password that you can use later to continue where you left off.This game was perfect for those who played it in its original cartridge form. It had been re-released later on with a different box cover, then ported to the Game Boy Advance and was included as an unlockable extra in the Gamecube title, "Metroid Prime." Go play this game if you want to relieve good memories or if you haven't played it to begin with, see how it all started. ******HIGHLY RECOMMENDED******
Metroid(1986). The first Metroid game and only one to appear on the NES.Imagine that it is the year 1986. Nintendo had finally managed to break through the market with Super Mario Brothers the previous year, and it looked to be an uphill climb in greatness for the system. The NES was becoming a household name, and Nintendo was sure to release many more classics which would define the system. Metroid was one of these.Of all the spectacular 2D platform adventure games to be released throughout the last 20 years or so, such as the masterpieces Super Metroid, Castlevania Symphony Of The Night, Rygar, the GBA Castlevanias, Clash At Demonhead, and others, all of them owe their design to the popular original Metroid. While Super Mario Brothers technically invented the 2D action platform genre, and Zelda was a milestone for adventure gaming, up until Metroid there were no games that merged the two genres together. To put it simply, Metroid showed us a large sidescrolling environment with no "levels" so to speak, and combined it with items to collect and upgrade your character. For its day this was unheard of.Now I will go through the Positives, the Negatives, and the other Negatives that I consider to be overblown about Metroid...THE POSITIVES:-WELL DESIGNED GAME LAYOUT. Each area that you traverse is filled with lots of pathways, secrets, enemies, and powerups for you to collect. One thing I'm very impressed with for the game back in its day is that it's designed to prevent you from accessing certain areas without the aid of another ability/weapon. It also leaves you to think of ways to bypass some of these obstacles before you have these abilities. Very clever, Nintendo.-VERY DIVERSE ARRAY OF WEAPONS AND ABILITIES. For weapons, you've got the long beam, ice beam, and wave beam, which isn't a whole lot compared to other games, but enough to suit you for this adventure. Your abilities range from a hi jump, to a morph ball, to a protection suit, and to a damaging screw jump attack. Good enough for exploring the inner sanctums of Planet Zebes.-GOOD RANGE OF ENEMIES. While they tend to repeat themselves in different areas of the game, they do come in a variety of types. Most of them are very challenging, some are enough to make you pull your hair out, and others can be avoided altogether.-GREAT DIFFICULTY. This game is not an easy one, and its steep uphill learning curve will be loved and hated by many.THE NEGATIVES-THE ICEBEAM ACQUIRING LATER ON BECOMES FLAWED. What I mean is that every weapon you acquire replaces the one before it, and because of that, once you have your most powerful weapon, the wave beam, you'll be in trouble when you reach the final lair. You need the icebeam again when approaching the end of the game. Some may get frustrated with this aspect.-YOU CAN'T DUCK AND SHOOT! It becomes really annoying early in the game when you don't have the bomb yet and you need to shoot those spikey creatures on the ground and you can't.-THE BOSSES ARE TOO EASY. Well, Mother Brain is a bit tough because of all the stuff shooting at you, but Kraid and Ridley are both a bit disappointing because all you have to do is come close to both of them and just let loose with the missles.Now I'll address the Negatives that people have about the game that I think are just hot air:-THE GRAPHICS ARE OLD. People often say this about the game, but honestly, can you expect anything more from a game that came out in 1986? It works for the time. Though some of the environments can get a little bland in places, it's not that bad.-NO SAVE GAME FEATURE. Again, keep in mind that the year is 1986, and the only game that would've already had this feature is Zelda, which may or may not have come out before this game. The passwords can be tedious, but they save everything.-VERY LITTLE STORY. Once again, 1986. See a common theme here? If you think about it, the original Zelda really didn't have any bigger of a story to it either but nobody complained there. Same thing with Super Metroid. Plus, let's not forget how adding an in-depth story into the gameplay killed the freedom and pacing of Metroid Fusion.-NO MAP FEATURE. While having a map would help, the game isn't really all that intricate compared to Super Metroid, so by not having the map, the challenge factor bumps up and makes the game FEEL larger.Overall, Metroid is a flawed masterpiece, but a masterpiece nonetheless. If you feel like divulging in a historical yet essential classic of the NES, then Metroid should fill the gap nicely. This game already comes as a bonus to both Metroid Prime and Zero Mission, so you might as well save money and play those. While Zero Mission may be a better rendition of the original game, no one can deny the classic sensibilities of this NES shooter. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Other recommendations:-Any other sidescrolling Metroid title (Fusion, Super Metroid, Zero Mission, Metroid 2)-Any NES Mega Man game-Castlevania Symphony of the Night (PS1) and any of its GBA contemporaries (Circle, Harmony, Aria)-Rygar (NES)-Clash At Demonhead (NES)NOTE: For those who don't know, enter the password:JUSTIN BAILEY------ ------
IDK one person who doesnt like the NES, and I remember at my uncles house a few years ago playing games on it, ever since then, I wanted it, too bad the 1st time I did, the ZIF socket was bent too much and it couldnt play.so if you want one so bad on here, BEWARE!alot of people are saying it looks nice & plays great, but how many times do you need to finick with it and move the cartridge around to make it work?
In the olden days (pre-1985) of video games, the only real enjoyable gaming experience was the grab a sack of quarters, drive to the nearest arcade, and (often) stand in line while the town nerd dominated Donkey Kong or Pac-Man, just waiting to get your crack at it, only to die in mere seconds and see that roll of quarters dwindle faster than your gaming health meter.  The Nintendo Entertainment System changed all of that.Sure, there were other home-based consoles floating around before the NES's debut in 1985, like the Colecovision or the Atari, but they are now remembered more for their nostalgic value than for anything else.  The NES was the first system to really "get" the concept of home gaming by providing (at the time) the very best of every gaming platform in terms of graphics, sound, and gameplay.This system produced a ton of games, most of them admittedly crap in terms of percentages, but some true gems are also in the mix.  Everyone has there favorites, mine being Super Mario Bros., Batman, and Punch-Out!  Unlike today, the games of the NES were surprisingly "simple" (in terms of design), but also ultra-difficult due to the same reason.  Instead of picking up a controller and sifting through a plethora of objectives, most NES had one simple game strategy: you either defeated the level/adversary/boss or you lost, as simple (or mind-numbingly complicated) as that.About the only knock I have on this system is how cheaply made it is.  Once your connector pins wear out, good luck trying to get anything but a blinking green screen.  Luckily, a sort of niche market on Ebay has now developed to replace those troublesome pins and allow you to enjoy your NES for more years to come.Overall, I consider this system to flat-out just be the most pure fun of perhaps any system ever created.  My video game "lineage" also includes the Super Nintendo, Nintendo '64, Nintendo Gamecube, Nintendo Wii, and XBOX 360, but which system is still in my bedroom ready to rock-and-roll when I need it?  Yep, you guessed it...NES.
Yes this game has 56 characters that you can completely control.Unlike part 1 where there were special characters that can only help you, but not fight for you. In this part 2, you can completely control everyone.I am rating this game 4 stars rather than 5, because there is one very annoying factor: In order to unlock the secret fighters, you have to play the game for MANY, MANY hours in order to earn points. You use the points as money to unlock the secret fighters.
Even though this is the direct sequel to the Rare 1998 classic Banjo-Kazooie, and features much of the same gameplay and similar characters, I think that it just feels like a different game. It seems almost as different from Banjo-Kazooie as Donkey Kong 64 or Conker's Bad Fur Day does. The game just emanates a completely different atmosphere. I guess it's a combination of very different music, different moves, and new characters. Kudos to Rareware on that. People usually like a game that play the same as another game but feels different. I mean, it's a different game, isn't it? Who likes a game that plays AND feels the same?Ah well. Banjo and Kazooie's final N64 adventure takes them to the world beyond the valley in which they live in. It's a large world, larger than the cavern that Gruntilda calls her lair. The levels really aren't that much larger than the mammoth world featured in Banjo-Kazooie or even Donkey Kong 64, but it's amazing how Rare has fresh ideas even after creating over a dozen massive levels for the two aforementioned games. Ah well. The difficulty level of Banjo-Tooie seems to be tougher. It's sometimes harder to figure out what the heck to do for certain Jiggies, and there are so much more stuff to find this time around. Not only are there jiggies, but there are also: Jinjos, Cheato pages, honeycombs, and everybody's favorite notes! The massive amount of extra moves can also get overwhelming. Boss fights, which were MIA in Banjo-Kazooie are now here, and in every stage. The extra modes of play are a nice change to the typical Banjo-Kazooie formula. I haven't had a chance to play as Kazooie without Banjo, but I did get to control Mumbo. It wasn't really as I had expected, but fun nonetheless. The 1st-person shooter mode was obviously a chance to cash in on the successes of GoldenEye and Perfect Dark, but they were actually well done. The 1st-person shooter level in Mayahem Temple freaked me out, but hey. It's all about atmosphere.Rare has always been good at having distinct "tastes" to their games. I suppose what helps them are their awesome musical staff. Although the music in Blast Corps got on the nerves of some people, it definitely added to the feel for it. The somewhat-like-variations of the Bond theme in GoldenEye gave that game a unique feel. So on and so forth. Banjo-Tooie had good music that adds to its different mood, but it just didn't feel as excellent as Rare's fantastic score for Banjo-Kazooie. Maybe that's a good thing. Having the Gobi's Desert tune stuck in your head for hours is not exactly a pleasant experience. As far as sound effects go, Banjo's deep utterance for every jump is JUST NOT RIGHT! Argh! I can't stand it. Oh well. It's a good game nonetheless.
I'm going to give four stars instead of five.I just didn't find the same enjoyment with this game as I did with the original Banjo game.Bigger isn't always better.As others have pointed out, every time I stepped foot in a new world I felt so overwhelmed by the sheer size of it that I almost didn't even want to play.By the end of the game I was literally wiped out.Some jiggies took FOREVER and a day to find because they were spaced out so far.Ok, the good?Excellent graphics and pretty much everything else from the first game is back.The bad?This game along with Donkey Kong 64 took the whole collect a thon thing a LITTLE too far.Even with a game guide I had a hard time finding everything you're supposed to.It took the enjoyment from the first game and bogged this one with so many fetch quests that by the end of the game I was playing out of, what felt like obligation instead of enjoyment.And I still never found a way to get Banjo Kazooie to work with Tooie as far as the secrets from the first game are concerned.Lame.Don't get me wrong....years later the game is still fun but to play it from start to finish is really more of a labor of love than anything.If you think you can sit down for a few minutes and crank out a level or two, forget it.Sadly this was the last Banjo game for Nintendo as Rare took the leap to Microsoft.Not a huge deal as Rare was once Nintendo's golden child but then quickly dissolved into nothingness.Final thoughts.Big, bad, time consuming.A great game but be expected to invest a lot of time if you want to beat it.Recommended.
Innovative.  That is the single thing I can say but I won't.  LOM is one of SquareSoft's more original games, which are usually bad, that si somewhat good.  You are a hero that goes around completing events while trying to awaken the Mana Tree.  The game the most non-linear game I have ever seen on the Playstation.  That gives it it's strong points.  Some people, like my brother, don't have the time to sit and play though a RPG like Final Fantasy (pick one).  He simply has no time.  He plays a little and then can't pick up the controller for several months.  Soon he ends up forgeting the storyline.  Not with this game.  It's design allows the player to start and event and finish it and then choose another and finish that.  Usually you do them one at a time.  Very rarely does more than one event occur at the same time unless the player causes that to happen.  The battles are real-time, much like Parasite Eve 2.  The charge bar has been removed allowing you to whack the enemies to your hearts content without worrying about doing only 2 damage.  The music is very nice as well though it could have been better.  The graphics are beautiul and will make you feel like you are playing a painting.  The only problem I had started when I had no clue how to start up another event and I couldn't win yet.  Like some RPGs, the second you get the Sword of Mana artifact you can win the game, because you will be strong enough.  Others force you to do other things to get to the point where you can get to the final place and win.  My advice, if you like an original game go ahead and get it.  If you don't but want to try, rent it.  This game is a good idea and executing very well.
I got this game as a birthday present, and I was extremely happy that I did. It has a lot of depth to it. Starting from character creation, you first pick either boy or girl, second you choose one of (I think it's 10) 10 weapons to start with, and then choose the area of the world you want to live in. THEN you place your house somewhere in that area. Already things are interesting. The game world is shaped by the player's imagination, as you recieve artifacts containing dungeons, roads, towns, towers, forests etc. Once the artifact is used, that place appears. At the character's home, there is a garden that grows fruits and vegitables to feed the monsters at your, monster ranch, where you raise monsters to come with you and help you fight. Lastly there are workshops that allow you to create weapons/armor and musical instruments (which give you magical powers). It's actually a lot of fun. Game play and control are good too. The reason it's only 4 stars is that it has very little to do with the original secret of mana. Which is sort of a let down, other than that, a great game!
Squaresoft was having quite a time in the year 2000.  They released a lot of good fun and classics games.  Among them were Vagrant Story, Chrono Cross, Final Fantasy IX and Threads of Fate to name a few.  Legend of Mana came around and was a well liked game by quite a few who were quite taken with Secret of Mana years prior.  That being said, Legend of Mana was a great game that holds up well today that is mostly troubled by strange problems more so than big ones.There's no overall plot to Legend of Mana.  In fact, the game in and of itself has a storybook like feel.  You'll choose a character (boy or girl) and give him or her a weapon (it doesn't matter which).  After that you'll pick a spot in the world to occupy and start building.  The system at work here is a pretty complex but can be quite nice at times.  You build on a world map by taking artifacts and placing them. Once you do a new area on the map will spring up for you to venture to.  Legend of Mana is very much a dungeon crawler by every respect.  By going to new locations or speaking to people in towns you've built from your artifacts you'll be able to start missions, which are usually stories in and of themselves.  Each has a beginning and end.  Usually ending with you defeating a boss and often collecting an artifact.  There are a lot of missions.  Some are as simple as finding the right person and speaking to them.  Others are more complex, having you crawling through dungeons to defeat bosses and to return certain items to other characters.  They're varied in structure.  You might get an action heavy story that has you in several battles only to later help someone by simply running about a town and talking to various citizens.  There might not be a single battle in this instance.  It gives a nice varied pace to Legend of Mana.You'll also help out some who may later open up various secrets.  For instance, after completing one mission I unlocked a workshop that allowed me to create and temper weapons.  And to get the best of the best requires a lot of work and grinding to do.Just because Legend of Mana doesn't have an OVERALL plot doesn't mean there aren't plot threads within it.  Many missions you undergo lead to other missions to continue a particular narrative at work.  It may seem like Niccolo is nothing special from his first mission, but stick with him and it becomes quite an interesting story arc.  There are many minor characters who have big involved stories.  There are three different story arcs in particular that you can view that will get you to the endgame itself.  And they are by far the three most involving, heartbreaking and well told stories of the lot.  The first involves a mysterious girl named Pearl and her partner Elazul from the dying race of Jumi.  A jewel thief named Sandra steals their jewel which kills them.  Your role in this quest is to stop her and save the Jumi race from dying out entirely.  The second involves two Dragoons, Larc and Sierra and a lord named Drakonis who must be stopped from taking over the world.  The last story arc involves Escad, Matilda, Irwin and Deana as their friendshps cripple and war between humans and faeries seems inevitable.All three of those arcs are extremely good stories.  That being said, it's a shame that none of these subplots and stories ever come together to form a main storyline.  For quite some time the main objective of the game is fairly unclear.  And without a walkthrough of some sort you'll find it particularly hard to get to the endgame as the path to get there isn't exactly straightforward.  And the lack of an overall plot means there are very few hints on how to get there or even what exactly you're searching for to get there.  At the very least most of the stories are fairly good in and of themselves.Gameplay wise, Legend of Mana is a lot more straightforward than most games.  For gamers who were quite impressed with Secret of Mana's action oriented battle system they'll be surprised to know the approach here is a lot different.  Legend of Mana plays more like a beat 'em up at times than an actual RPG.  By that I mean that before battle your characters run around quite normally.  When enemies are encountered you'll enter battle mode and pull out your weapons.  You'll have to beat up the baddies before you can press on.  The screen will also no longer scroll at that time.  Your HP is shown in percentages as opposed to a numerical value as in other RPGs.  In battle mode you'll be able to use abilities and techniques.  This may, in fact be the most overlooked (and important part) of Legend of Mana.  The abilities you equip start as things like only being able to jump and crouch, but later you get more of them.  And these play a role in helping you learn battle techniques.  As you battle and deal damage a gauge under you HP gauge fills up.  When full you can initiate special attacks.  The only way to learn these special techniques, however, is if you are willing to mix and match your abilities.  Likewise, special techniques are also based on weapons.  So a sword will learn a whole different set of special techniques than a dagger.  This gives A LOT of variety to Legend of Mana's battle system.You'll sometimes run around on your own, but on occasion you'll be joined by a partner that you can recruit.  Most partners only stick around for a brief amount of time or until they're dismissed.  It's possible to run around all of Legend of Mana will two partners at all times.  It's a good thing too, because Legend of Mana supports multiplayer.  While you control the main hero your ally will control the other.  And if you both have Legend of Mana data on your memory cards you can import your partners character or jump into his game with yours.The battles themselves are fine, but Legend of Mana can certainly be repetitive to play after a while.  When getting into battles with your enemies there is no way to simply skip them should you be tired of battling.  You can't &#34;run&#34; from battle.  They must always be fought 'til the end.  In some instances this will be extremely annoying.  Especially because enemies respond the moment you leave the area and return.  In some dungeons this can make battling feel like a chore.  In others it can just feel downright exhausting.  At least you always start a battle at full HP.  Likewise your HP will also regenerate if you're not taking too much damage in battle (or you use the crouch ability).  That being said, Legend of Mana is not a difficult game at all.  If you fall in battle you can start it over right on the spot.  If something should go wrong in a battle it's fairly easy to recover.  You can also get a lot of experience in some areas by constantly running in and out of the same rooms.On the other hand, your AI controlled allies are not smart at all.  At least you don't have to babysit them.  For two reasons.  The first is that if they die in battle after a little while they'll be automatically revived.  The second is that most encounters won't last too long for them to be a problem anyway.  It's impossible for them to deplete their reserves of MP.  They also have special attacks of their own.  Everything they do is independent of you, but you needn't restore them to full power ever.  They can be fairly good at soaking up damage at least, but for the most part they're not too useful in battle.Legend of Mana isn't a hard game to get through.  Depending on how many quest you can do it can be very short (around five or six hours) or really long, but you're not likely to spend much more than 20-30 hours.  And that's upon choosing do to every quest.  There are some things to extend the time, but not much.  There's a lot of tempering with your weapons and armor, but given the nature of how Legend of Mana is there isn't really such a thing as a &#34;sidequest&#34; and there aren't really any mini-games to play through.  In the way of extra content, Legend of Mana only offers a New Game+ where you'll carry over all your equipment and you'll have a chance to increase the difficulty level of the game.  Aside from that, Legend of Mana isn't a game that's filled with an untold number of secrets or sidequests.  There is already a lot in the way of quests as it is.  And since not all of them need to be done to complete the game everything within it can be tackled at your leisure.Graphically, Legend of Mana may be the best example of what it means for a game to be aesthetically pleasing.  A lot of gamers don't seem to realize that graphics are really nothing more than pixels.  The aesthetics is what gives the game the visual characteristics you associate with it.  Legend of Mana is not a graphically powerful game, but it sure does have a lot of great aesthetic quality.  There are few Playstation games that have aged as well as Legend of Mana.  The game looks absolutely gorgeous in every way.  There are no blocky pixels.  Everything in it is handrawn and hand crafted with sprites and artistic backgrounds.  This makes Legend of Mana look better than many of its contemporaries of the day.  It might not be as powerful as Chrono Cross, Final Fantasy IX or Vagrant Story, but it most certainly is a lot easier on the eyes fourteen years later than those particular games.  The art style is simply an assault on the senses.  To put it one way, many Playstation games had an artists rendition of a character that you saw (the way they were supposed to look) but given the power of the Playstation couldn't exactly make them look like that.  Since Legend of Mana utilizes sprites as opposed to polygons every character actually DOES look like the artist rendition.  And this makes the game look extremely good.  The artstyle doesn't just stop with character sprites.  The scenery, spells, special techniques and special movies are all illustrated this way.  Legend of Mana is simply gorgeous.  Complimenting the fantastic art style is a near perfect soundtrack.  From a presentation standpoint it's hard to find fault with Legend of Mana.All that being said, Legend of Mana is a good game.  The gripes I have with it aren't big, they're just strange.  It's hard to criticize the overall plot when the game doesn't present one to us to begin with.  Likewise, with battling, there's nothing inherently &#34;wrong&#34; with the battle system, it just happens to get more repetitive than other games.  Overall Legend of Mana is a good game, but it might not necessarily be the greatest to come out of the Mana franchise.
SquareSoft makes two types of games.  The very bad and the very good.  Usually there is little gray area.  Well this game is in the gray area.  A nice idea and a good game.  It doesn't quite do it's predecessor justice but it holds it's own.  The music is captivating to say the least.  The opening song will reel you into the game with it's almost sad yet happy sound.  The magic system works like materia but on different levels.  You equip it like materia however in battle you have to build up the ability to cast that spell, and after that you can't use it anymore until the next battle.  It is a very interesting idea that is executed well.  The battle system could be better though.  I am not, nor have I ever been a fan of turn-based battles where you choose everyone's action then watch the battle round unfold.  There is no strategy in it and it can quickly aggravate you because you can't heal that turn and that can end up killing the character in the end because you can't heal immediately.  The battles also move much too slowly, even for this type of battle system.  I got bored playing this game and left it mid-game to collect dust for almost a year when I got the nerve to finally finish it.  The story is interesting but executed in a less than great manner.  The writing (what's woth SquareSoft games and it's writing) is not all that good and it can lead to button mashing to get to the more interesting parts.  The animations are beautiful, simply beautiful.  I found myself going back to past saves just to watch them again.  The having to get minerals and items to create weapons and armors is bad too.  The only reason why it is bad is because it is almost impossible to find enough of these minerals to keep your party, of 40 people if you want, fully equipped.  That and money isn't exactly the easiest thing to come across either.  Buy the game if you want to, I won't hold it against you.  You will either like the game or hate it.  Or you may be like me and indifferent to it.  This is a very difficult game to get a confident feeling with as to whether you will like it or not, but in light of the failure of Final Fantasy VII it is a welcome breeze on a hot, humid day.
Chrono Cross, which is a semi sequel to 1995's Chrono Trigger, cant even come close to its former games plateua. Chrono Trigger is arguably the greatest RPG ever created. So while Chrono Cross is 'not as good' it still does a whole heck of a lot of things right.The gameplay, story, and battles in this game are all top notch.Its fun to get a handle over the numerous tough boss battles in this game because of the elemental magics strategic system. Black beats white and red beats blue, etc.Its always fun and interesting to see what the next dungeon or boss has to offer. The gameplay is never sluggish and will always keep you on your toes.Also, when you beat the game you have an option to replay the entire game again with all of your beefed up characters from before. And if things are going slow you can speed them up with a fast forward button on your second play through the game. Truly brilliant!So why does this game get 4 out of 5 if it is so darn good?Because of its confusing/tedious magic system and over abundance of characters.Most of the magics and summons in this game are a joy to watch and to behold their might. But in this game there are no magic points and you must 'equip' every single magic spell you have. That could mean 50+ spells to equip per character! Setting up each character late in the game can take upwards of 5-10 minutes easily. And each spell can only be cast once per battle unless you buy multiples of that spell.And probably the games worst point is its ridiculous amount of characters. Chrono Trigger had something like 7 recruitable characters that you can play as, each with their own terrific and unforgettable personalities.Chrono Cross has 44 recruitable characters.95% of your 40+ characters have the personality of a wood stool. Some characters will literally say 'Can i join your party' than join and NEVER say anything else EVER again!Having 44 playable characters instead of 7 spreads each one way too thin and makes them all lose individuality.In the end this game is still one of the greatest rpgs ever made for the first Playstation. While its few flaws keep it from being a true classic, it is still one of the greatest rpg experiences to be had in the past 5 years.
Basically, this game takes place 20 years after the events of Chrono Trigger, and you can travel between alternate worlds, as opposed to time in its predecessor. The graphics are very top-notch and the environments are beautifully detailed with a great soundtrack. I have only one complaint though. The leveling system is quite awkward. Instead of simply leveling up, you gain stats, and I have a hard time telling if my characters are ready to defeat a certain boss because of this, but this doesn't mean that I dislike the game, in fact, this is one of the better RPGs I have played, it would just have been nice to be able to level up normally. The character development is quite incredible, and unique as opposed to your typical RPGs, but it is easy to get lost in this game, so always have a walkthrough in handy.
Some masterpieces/classics seem to be called that because of the massive attention/hype it got. Or people call them successes despite the many flaws(witness Matrix Reloaded, big money maker but totally lousy sequel). Chrono Cross got big marks in magazines on initial release yet people now look at it as a far inferior sequel to Chrono Trigger and just an good game overall but not great. I think it's good but way too hyped and dropped the ball syndrome all over the place.Story: You play as Serge, another silent protaganist, who, on an errand for a childhood friend is swept into another dimension, one where people talk about him in the past tense and soldiers seem to be after him. Like any other game, it's about finding out about one thing but realizing it's far bigger than that.Graphics: Back when the game came out, these were great. Today, they're still colorful and vibrant. Your home village, Arni Village, for example is lush and beautiful that you want it to be actually real since it looks like the perfect vacation spot. Battle graphics are great as well but just like in Trigger, the overworld graphics are poor but that's alright.Sound/Music: Whenever people mention the music, they always mention the opening track as a good "tester" for the soundtrack. It's a great track with the others being as memorable as well. A very lighthearted and "bouncy" soundtrack. No voice acting though, which is ok since the characters speak in accents/dialects at times so you kind of fill it in in your mind.Gameplay: Like in Chrono Trigger, enemies are on screen before you fight them so you can avoid them but as always, it helps to beef up. Fighting is a bit different where, like in Xenogears, you get 3 actions: high, medium, low. Basically you got 7 stamina to work with and each attack takes away some of it(so you can have a combination of low(which is 1), medium(2) and high(3). Any combination that combines to 7 works but you can defend which'll raise it better for next time.Instead of magic, you got colored techs. Basically every magic attack has a certain color attached to it and characters have an innate color like their own personal color. So if you're a white innate, your enemy is black, red is blue and green is yellow. If there's been 3 colors in a row cast by anyone, a summon can be called. It's easy enough to follow but one event extremely late in the game requires specific order of them and it's oh-so-irritating.Instead of Chrono Trigger's 6 or so characters, you have 40(!) to deal with which makes it awful since many of them don't even have backstory, they just talk in funny accents and that's it. It's very unfortunate since CT had such lovable characters, even Magus was likable, here it's basically favorites. "She's cute, he looks cool" etc. In CT, I had to debate who to bring, here it's just whoever looks the best.For best results play CT...then play it again, then play Chrono Cross. That way if you're disappointed, you can just go to Chrono Trigger again.
If you liked the Chrono Trigger, you'll like this game. On the other hand, if you liked Chrono Trigger, don't expect this game to live up to the standard Chrono Trigger set. The game as a whole falls short of it's SNES brother, but is still worth a play.
If you played Chono Trigger then you will need this because it is the sequel.  The story was good and the gameplay was also good.
If you've ever played the card game UNO then you already have a small insight into the game that is CHRONO CROSS (CC), a pseudo-sequel to the legendary SNES game CHRONO TRIGGER.COMBAT: 3/5The combat in CC reminded me alot of FINAL FANTASY 8--both games have really original, complicated battle systems that allow for great depth at the price of user-friendliness. Unlike FF8 where magic is "drawn", the magic in CC revolves around colors and playing them at the right times--like a crazy game of UNO. Unfortunately, the game doesn't explain the combat system very well. In addition, despite the huge cast of characters, there are almost no double or triple techs--something that would have encouraged mixing your parties up to try different combinations. Even worse, the game PUNISHES you for using your characters in battle--if a character dies, everyone else (to include the guys sitting it out on the sidelines) gets to gain status upgrades except the dead ones. Finally, although almost all enemy encounters can be avoided, one is whisked away to a "combat screen" to duke things out. It would have been nice if they had somehow kept the battles on the game screen itself.CHARACTERS: 3/5This time around, it looks like Squaresoft went the way of "Quantity, not Quality". There are LOTS of characters you can enlist in your party, but most of them aren't very well developed or very interesting. Serge/Lynx tries hard to be a Magus, but doesn't quite cut it. Also, was Squaresoft so short on ideas that they had to give nearly every character some Earthly dialect? For this being a fantasy video game, there sure are alot of French, Germans, Blonde Californians, Scots, and others running about.STORY: 3/5For me, the first part of the game was really slow and didn't pick up until after the psychedelic "Pastel-Color" World. After that, the game really started to pick up pace as better spells and techs were acquired and more characters joined up.On the down side, most of the "revelations" don't occur until almost the very end, which seems to indicate to me that the plot was not as developed as it could have been. There are also many times where you will be visiting and revisiting the same areas, resulting in a disappointing feeling of deja vu. A little more variety and difference between the parallel worlds/multiverses would have been most welcome.SOUND: 4/5This is where the game really shines. CHRONO CROSS definitely carries the torch forward with its excellent soundtrack, even despite the fact that some of the better "tracks" are only heard once or twice. There are also some GREAT Youtube videos of piano covers of some of the songs.GRAPHICS: 4/5For the Playstation, the graphics are certainly up to par for that era. There are quite a few FMV's and in keeping with the UNOish color-theme, there are TONS of colors used in this game. Sometimes I felt that there were too many colors on screen, making it sometimes difficult to distinguish between objects and characters. There are often objects/secrets one can interact with, but finding them can be a real challenge as they blend in with the environment so well.OVERALL . . .As a stand-alone game, CHRONO CROSS is actually one of the better RPGs one could have bought for the Playstation. As a sequel to CHRONO TRIGGER it is less satisfying, but still draws enough parallels that one can see how the two games are related. In a way, CHRONO CROSS suffered the same fate as FINAL FANTASY 8. After the deafening shouts of approval for FINAL FANTASY 7, it was inevitable that the sequel would fall short, and I feel that this is also what happened to this game. It's not that FINAL FANTASY 8 and CHRONO CROSS are bad games, they just had ungodly expectations to live up to and in the case of CHRONO CROSS, sometimes even met the challenge.
Like my title says, I had alot of fun playing this game.  If you really enjoyed Chrono Trigger and are expecting a sequel, you may be dissapointed with Chrono Cross.  I have a really hard time envisioning this as a sequel-it just seems so far removed from the original Chrono Trigger (the original cast of Chrono Trigger's appearance is rather cameo).  However, if you don't think of this game as a sequel, then you may enjoy it just as much as I did.  Well, here's a more in-depth look at this game:Graphics (9/10): Obviously, this is a Playstation 1 game, it's going to have PS1 graphics.  I thought the graphics were very nice looking.  There really wasn't anywhere in the game that made me exclaim "those lazy graphical designers! How dare they!".  Although not as good as other PS1 games in terms of graphics (especially later games, for obvious reasons), most everything was pleasing to the eye and I have no complaints.Music (9/10): Music was pretty good.  Songs fit the emotional content of scenes pretty well, and many are pleasant enough to listen to outside of the game ("Time's Scar" comes to mind).  The music may not be that memorable, but it's still pretty nice to listen to.Characters (7/10): They really go for quantity over quality here.  There are at least 30 characters available.  Obviously, this high character volume means that no one particularly gets well-developed (except Serge of course).  Normally this would bother me, but the characters were all so unique and colorful in appearance and attitude that I didn't mind as much.  I sort of fell into the collector's mindset, in that I had alot of fun just trying to get people to join the party.  Gotta catch 'em all!Story (7/10):  The story is very enjoyable until the last 1/8 of the game.  Then it just sort of degenerates into an incomprehensible convoluted mess.  I felt like the last part of the plot had been sucked into some kind of demensional void and distorted beyond reason.  However, as I said earlier, the story is very enjoyable and understandable before that point; definitely enough to make the game worthy of playing.Battle System (8/10): Nothing really wrong with the battle system.  It is basically turn-based.  Each character has a certain number of slots (which increase as you get stronger) that magic (called Elements) is assigned to.  The system is fairly easy to get used to.  My only complaint here is that switching elements from one character to another can be rather tedious.Gameplay (9/10): This is my catch-all category.  Some people (like me) will enjoy the ability to travel between dimensions to the two worlds (although it can be confusing at times). Others will find this constant back-and-forth travel to be rather annoying.  I have no complaints with other gameplay elements like the controls or menus.  Overall, everything's pretty good.Overall (8/10): NOTE this score is not an average, it's my subjective overall score. Despite the lack of any real character depth, and the somewhat convoluted story towards the end, I really enjoyed this game.  Considering it's current price (it's rather cheap, at least for now), I recommend picking it up.
It seems like many people loved Chrono Cross.  I must be in the minority when I say that this game isn't nearly as good as Chrono Trigger.  In any case, CC was still a well-made game, but it doesn't have the staying power than CT had, and still has.CC is, simply put, a beautiful game.  The graphical and artistic craftsmanship is incredible, and the music is some of Square's best.  The diversity of places you visit is incredible.  However, the story was somewhat lacking, and the gameplay, while novel, ultimately is worse than that used in CT.  And, perhaps the most obvious flaw as a successor to CT was the character design.The story was incredible halfway through the game - I really wanted to know how everything would end up.  But what happened at the end was terrible, because everything before it was so good.  In addition, the characters from CT weren't really tied into the story - only Lucca had a significant role, and even her role was not used as well as it could have been.  And, if you played CT, you know that Magus goes looking for his sister - well, they don't talk about that at all in the game!  That was by far the most disappointing part of CC.The character design also suffered greatly.  Some people felt that 40 characters was a great idea, but I felt it was superficial.  True, they all have unique graphical designs, and each one has his or her own miniquest, but almost all of them give nothing to the story or the world of CC.  The story centers around Serge and Kid, which is a good thing, so it may have been wise to eliminate maybe 30 of the 40 characters as playable people.  It would have been better to focus on a few characters, like in CT, where every character was fully developed and relevant to the story.The gameplay was also new.  There are no random battles in this game, although at points you don't really have a choice to fight - instead of being random, the battles are forced upon you.  In any case, there are no levels, and instead you get slightly stronger with each fight.  But this system basically degenerates into you getting a lot stronger after beating a boss, and then staying at the same strength after fighting normal people.  Many people thought that the three levels of attack (weak, medium, strong) and the power bar were novel developments, but they're not - look at Xenogears (the same team designed Xenogears and CC).  The battle system was pulled off better in Xenogears than CC, in my opinion.So most of my review has been a slam of this game.  I don't want to leave you with the impression that this was a bad game - by all means, it was good.  I recommend that you buy it, especially if you like RPGs.  But don't necessarily expect this game to have the instant feeling of a classic, much like its predecessor, Chrono Trigger.
This in my opinion is the best game that Square Soft has made to date and possibly one of the best games to have ever been made.  The game play is incredible graphics are incredible and the story is awesome.  Another thing the more times that you play the more different endings you can get.  Let me break it down in terms of overall gameplay.Grqaphics 10/10Replay value 10/10Sound 10/10Gameplay 10/10Bottom line this is one hell of a game I think it is proably better than any game to date.  Buy it.
When Pokemon first came out, it became a huge phenomenon like the next Furby or Tickle Me Elmo. Like many of them, a lot of people didn't understand why was it so popular? I still don't but I like playing the games so that must be something. So far there have been 3 "tiers" to Pokemon. There will be a set of 3 games, followed by a new set and so on. So you had Red, Blue and Yellow, now we have Gold, Silver and Crystal. This is for the Silver version(which could also be the Gold one too).Story: What little story you can actually come up with. Basic plot in one sentence: kid from small town wants to be Pokemon Master and collect gym badges and be the best ever. There might be small plot elements throughout the game but this isn't really something that takes you on a wild ride.Graphics: It's Game Boy Color so it's not as impressive. Looks more like a colored Game Boy version. We do get Pokemon in color and their details are a little more refined but nothing big graphically and they usually are never.Sound/Music: Sound pretty much comes from sound effects from battle moves and a Pokemon's cry. Music is okay, nothing instantly hummable but nothing chalkboard-like.Gameplay: The big draw of the Pokemon games are the fact that there's so damn many of them. There's 251 of the creatures and that's not even before getting into the GBA ones which add another 100 or so. You collect them and train them so if you want all 250(the last one like last tier's Mew, Celebi this time, requires either a Gameshark or going to a Nintendo event).The other draw, or setback depending on your circle of friends, is the fact that some Pokemon are only available in the version you bought and have to trade with someone who owns the other. So for example, in the one I bought, Silver, I have Weedle but I want a Caterpie but Silver doesn't have it, Gold has it. Why do I want a Caterpie? It evolves into Butterfly, to me more useful than Weedle's final form Beedrill. Ooh, speaking of which...Certain Pokemon have evolutions. The most common way to get them is if you level them up to a certain level. Another is using a stone. Example being if you use a Leaf Stone on a Gloom it turns into a Vileplume, but using new Sun Stone turns it into new species Bellossom. There's even pre-evolved forms of favorites from last tier. Pokemon mascot Pikachu for example is form 2, his first being sickengly cute Pichu. Other Pokemon evolve when you trade with someone else, others need a special item and versatile Eevee gets 2 new forms.Sounds like a lot of stuff already and I haven't even mentioned time specific Pokemon like nocturnal Hoot-Hoot who can only be caught at night. Or breeding your Pokemon with others to get different forms like Pichu. There's so much stuff in the game it takes a more fuller review to hit everything.In a way it wouldn't make sense to recommend this since we have the next tier, Ruby, Sapphire and Emerald out but it's still good game nonetheless, regardless of the cuteness factor.
Personally I thought that Pok&eacute;mon Red and Blue were the best games ever created for Game Boy Color, but Gold and Silver were pretty good games too. There were some things I didn't like, for example, I think some of the new Pok&eacute;mon look too much like ordinary objects with faces (Pineco???), and I liked the original 151 Pok&eacute;mon better. Some of the old areas in Kanto, such as the Safari Zone, are now closed off. However, this game had a lot of advantages too.-Now there are two worlds to explore: Kanto and Johto!-More trainers allows for more battle experience.-The keeping time idea was very clever. When it's nighttime in the real world, it's nighttime in the Pok&eacute;mon world too! There are certain Pok&eacute;mon you can only catch during the day, as well as ones you can only catch at night. It even keeps track of Daylight Savings Time and the day! Certain events only happen and certain Pok&eacute;mon only come out on certain days of the week.-Apricorns. Bring them to Kurt for new types of Pok&eacute;balls!-More Pok&eacute;mon to catch presents more of a challenge.-New attacks.-Dark and Steel Pok&eacute;mon!-Trade Pok&eacute;mon with all previous versions of the game, as well as Crystal version.-Breed Pok&eacute;mon! Carry around eggs to hatch into baby Pok&eacute;mon!Play this game Pok&eacute;mon Masters, if you liked the other ones and want a new one. If you're a new trainer, I would recommend playing Red and Blue first, they are the best ones anyway.
Let me just state at the outset here that I am a 32-year old engineer who has been playing and loving electronic video games since he stuck a quarter into a Galaxian machine in 1981.  I first kinda got interested in Pokemon after my young kids fell in love with the TV series.  After watching umpteen episodes with them, I got interested in the different types of Pokemon and how they compared to each other.  I decided to give the Silver version a shot, having never played any of the previous Red, Blue, or Yellow versions.I was hooked immediately!  The plot is easy to follow without getting boring, and there are plenty of little side quests to make things interesting.  You can start out with your choice of Totodile (my pick), Cyndaquil, or Chikorita.  The level of difficulty of the game will be determined by your starting choice.  The game has two basic goals: (1) Acquire all gym badges and defeat the Pokemon League while fighting off your rival and Team Rocket, and (2) collect all 251 Pokemon.  Most of the pokemon are fairly easy to find and catch, some are pretty hard, and there are a few that are almost impossible to catch.  But, they can all be caught with a little time and patience.  Some are only available by trading with other versions of the game, and some are &quot;baby&quot; pokemon that can only be obtained by breeding two adult pokemon together.  And, of course, there are the two &quot;super-rare&quot; Pokemon Mew and Celebi, which can realistically only be obtained through a Game Shark or other similar device.That leads me to my one and only gripe about the game.  If it were possible to obtain all 251 Pokemon, no matter how difficult, without having to resort to things like the Game Shark, I would have happily given this review 5 stars.  I also have kind of a problem with the fact that you have to have access to more than one version of the game to get all the Pokemon.  I know Nintendo talks about how much fun trading is and all, but to me, it just seems like a gimmick to sell more copies of the game.  I know several kids who have purchased both Silver and Gold versions becuase of this.  Not everyone has easy access to trading partners.Since I bought Silver, I have also played through a copy of Pokemon Red.  If you have only played Red, Blue, or Yellow, let me assure you that Silver (and Gold) is a major improvement.  The new versions eliminate many of the more irritating deficiencies of the old version with an improved backpack for item storage and a new device that lets you tell instantly where you are without having to carry a Town Map in the backpack.  Backpack space will definitely be at a premium, so anything that clears up space is a positive feature.After having played through Silver and collected all 251 Pokemon (yes, I actually purchased a Game Shark), I have not played it again.  Why?  Because after all the time and trouble I went through to collect all the Pokemon, I just can't bring myself to erase them all.  (A great improvement for the next Pokemon would be to allow multiple saves on the cartridge.)  For those who are interested, my &quot;dream team&quot; that I used to beat the game were:  Feraligatr, Pidgeot, Magneton, Kadabra, Magmar, and Dragonite.Overall, this is an AWESOME game.  If you enjoy RPG games such as Final Fantasy, then you will enjoy this and the other titles in the Pokemon series.  Enjoy!
Pokemon gold and silver are great new expansions to the world of Pokemon, the hit television show, trading card game, and nintendo game! Customers, note to look at Pokemon Crystal as well, since there are more features there (such as the famous female character).You no longer play Ash, but a new character by your name. You journey through Johto to become a Pokemon master, as usual. You also get to go to another continent, which is basically the same as where Red, Blue, and Yellow took place on.This makes a great gift, or a great addition to your Game Boy collection, especially if you are a pokemon fan.Pros:1) A whole new world2) New character3) Bank, Day/Night effects, Time, and Day of the Week effects4) Pokemon coming out during day/night5) More advanced than Pokemon Red and Blue.Cons:1) Pokemon Crystal is more worth getting than Gold or Silver2) Not much has changed (graphic wise---except color)Recommended guide: Versus Adventure Guide for Pokemon Gold + Silver
Well this was my 1st FPS game that I ever played. Man was this game addicting. I remembering playing it for 8+ hours a day and I still couldn't stop playing it. There wasn't any real goal to do, it was just for fun and to see how many times you can kill or get killed. Usually, I get killed more often than kill others; so my ratio was way off! lolThis game had so many maps, but I would only play certain maps because they were the most popular and easiest to move around. Dust, dust2, etc.The guns had plenty of selections to choose from but people had their favs as I did to use. I would love to pick the MP3 or AWP.The music was so, so. No one really cared for the music as many times, I wouldn't listen to it and plug on headphones to listen to my own music. But, it was a disadvantage as I loss the audio clues if someone was close to me or what not.Back then I didn't have a powerful computer. I had a piece of crap actually. lol But later, I got a little bit more powerful one for processor, but it still ran this game like crap. I remember updating my ram, video card, and anything I could just to make this game run better. I changed out the costumes for the characters, guns, and anything I could just to make it smooth. Man, this game was a hassle to deal with! Also, if you're on Dial Up connection forget about it! But, today we don't need to worry about that, but back then, DSL/Cable wasn't that in and it was so expensive too. Not like today.The only reason why I give this 4 stars instead of 5 stars was because of the damn hackers. This game had sooo many of them that cheated their way to high kill level. The only way to fight a hacker is you hacked yourself too. I had to get him before he got me. Man, that was terrible way of playing but I remember it and hated it. So, this game was in no way perfect from the start. Also, so the FOREVER UPDATES!
This game is the best multiplayer tactical fps of all time...very realsitic, but dont lisiten to the people who say you cant use a 56kmodem for performance, it runs fine just a LITTLE jerky.So....I reccomend a pentium450mhrz geforce2.....3d highquality sound card..........cable or dsl..........128mbram....aboutit that is.And for pentium2300mhrz I reccomend geforce3,4or radeon8500.I reccomend this game.
The Good: Excellent graphics, great new characters and story, fun mission variety,  a lot of great abilities to purchase, sandbox style makes the game feel more openThe Bad: Navigating the hubs is a real pain, starts to feel repetitive towards the end, camera still needs work, no extrasSly, Bentley, and Murray return in an attempt to obtain the stolen Clockwerk parts from the Klaww Gang. After defeating Clockwerk in the first game they were obtained illegally and the gang must get them back to destroy them. Along the way Carmelita Fox is still trying to capture them while a few new faces show up. The game is the same at the core, but everything around that has completely changed. This really feels like a whole new game.For starters you will notice there are no individual levels anymore. The game is more sandbox with various missions you can take on when you want. You can play as all three characters this time around, and each one has their own specific missions. Each character feels different, Murray is a huge lumbering hippo who can't use stealth and instead whacks away enemies in just a couple of hits. Bentley is equipped with a sleeping dart crossbow and has various gadgets he can use to get around. In fact, they all have gadgets and abilities you can purchase with those coins that were useless in the first game. 100 no longer gives you a life because that whole system is gone. Instead you now have a life bar and when you die you restart at the last checkpoint. This games playing a whole lot easier and relieves a lot of the frustrations from the first game.Additionally, the interior areas of the game are mission specific so you won't be going back. I honestly preferred the individual levels because navigating these hub worlds can be a pain. Getting to certain places requires climbing around certain areas to get to. Some areas are a real pain and you have to figure out how to get there. Just to get to a main mission, this is pretty lame. I don't want to spend 5 minutes climbing around a confusing level just to start a mission. It doesn't help that enemies respawn all the time when you kill them and they are everywhere. It gets really frustrating when you just want to get to a mission and you have to keep killing the same enemies all the time. Thankfully some abilities like smoke screen, shock cane, and the paraglider help Sly get around easier, but the other two have to find their way completely via the ground which means long round about ways to get to a mission marker.When you start a mission you will notice they are varied and pretty fun. Bentley has a new hacking mini-game that is a dual stick shooter, Murray punches things a lot, and Sly has a new pickpocketing ability which he can use to get coins and loot from guards to sell for abilities and to get those keys. A lot of the gauntlet style levels are really fun and require quick reflexes. There are 8 episodes and the game is just as tough as the last one. Boss fights now have meters and don't go down in a few hits anymore. You have to slowly chip away their health to beat them and it requires patience. Overall, the game feels mostly the same with missions just varying from hacking mini-games, beat this or that up, or pickpocket X amount of keys. It starts to feel old towards the end, plus the navigation of hub worlds will just drive you nuts after a while.There are still clue bottles and vaults to be found, but they just have extra abilities in them and really aren't worth searching for. The clue bottles will take over an hour to find in each level because the hubs are so difficult to navigate. There are 30 in each hub, but good luck finding them all without throwing the controller. Besides this there are no extras in the game like the last one which is disappointing. Despite all this, I think the large open hubs are what hurt the game the most because of how annoying they are to navigate. The mission variety is really nice, but by the end they just repeat themselves.The graphics are upgraded greatly with better physics, better looking textures, and higher resolution models. The controls are a little tighter and the camera was fixed a little, but it can still get stuck or lost some times. Overall, Sly 2 is an excellent game, but just feels too similar to the last game. With the whole sandbox idea I feel they are hard to navigate and get in the way of the getting around to different missions.
Yeah, you could play Grand Theft Auto, or you could play Jak and Daxter. And you could play Assassin's Creed, or you could play Sly Cooper. Basically the ideas are the same, just one is drenched in blood and the other's drenched in cartoon fun. The choice is up to you. When Sucker Punch created Sly Cooper and the Thievious Racoonus, as when Naughty Dog created Jak and Daxter, it was a great platformer, but then, like Jak II, Sly Cooper and the Band of Thieves became something more. You can argue about which game came first or which did it better, but one thing I know for sure: there are no other games like these that combine stealth action, sandbox overworlds, and fun cartoon gameplay that won't offend the parentals (although if you want a cleaner cartoon crazy action shooter without the violence of one of those "adult action titles" you can go with Ratchet and Clank 3).The plot this time around is quite similar to the first: retrieve the pieces and take on the bosses who have them one at a time. Only instead of somewhat frustrating platformer gameplay we have the aforementioned sandbox gameplay, and like Jak and Daxter, way more mini-games the second time around. For the stealth action you have Sly, for some techno-demolition work you have Bentley, and for smashing things to smithereens you have Murray. The switch-ups and mini-games go a long way to increase the variety of the gameplay, and after the extremes of Sly's two companions make you exercise crazy caution and bust loose when played through any of the overworlds (each one a fortress swarming with guards).The cartoon graphics are pretty much perfect, with no draw-in or other noticeable glitches. The cut-scenes are largely in-game engine (and you might wonder why there are any pre-recorded ones at all). The music is typical caper-film type stuff and perfectly appropriate. The controls are about as good as you can get with the Dual Shock controller.If this game has a flaw, it's probably the at-times ridiculous difficulty. If it has a shining star, it's the way that you can often get around that extremely high difficulty by learning all the shortcuts. You will find as you play that very often the key to solving a puzzle is to scope ahead and "case the joint" rather than running straight into a situation (unless you're playing as "The Murray"). And of course the environments at times make those "leap from a great height to your seeming death" moments possible. It may be a cartoon, but it's still fun.My favorite moments include Bentley's quest to save his captured friends (the cinematic made me laugh out loud), and the leap from the top of the second world with Rajaan (Assassin's What?). That and chasing Neela and running from and dancing with Carmelita (why does she remind me of Catherine Zeta Jones?).If you liked the first game you need to give this one a try. If you love cartoon-type games like the Jak series and don't mind some forgiving stealth action (and a generous dose of humor), you need to buy this one pronto.
The multitap is great, it hooks into one memory card slot and a controller slot, and  lets you have 4 extra players playing, and if you get a second one, you can have up to eight! This however means you have to buy extra controllers, but the fact that the Psone controllers are compatible comes in handy. You may complain that for the other systems there are 4 controller slots, and you dont have to buy anything extra, but you can't have up to 8 players with other systems. It's a little expsensive, but your still getting a good deal, if you own a PS2,get one of these.
As all Playstation 2 owners know, we have a system that was for some reason built with only 2 controller ports. Why in the lords name would a next generation system have only 2 controller ports? I personnally feel that Sony did it to make more money. Less Controller Ports=Cheaper to make system. Less Controller Ports=The need to spend more money on extra periphials. Anyhow, if you want to enjoy multiplayer games with your family and/or friends than you are agoing to need to buy this item. Only buy Sony products, because they are much more durable and they alaways look better that the third party ones. So buy this and 3 other Dual Shock 2 Sony controllers and you will have a blast!
Putting aside the debate as to whether or not the PS2 SHOULD have included more controller ports, one needs to accept the fact that it only comes with 2.I like the MultiTap in that it is made by SONY itself, and is both reliable and durable.  I only give it 4 stars because the short cord makes it difficult for those of us who prefer to have our PS2 stored on the second shelf of a cabinet (I have to put a small table underneath to keep the weight of the MultiTap from damaging the input slot).I would have preferred either a plug in piece that adheres to the front of the PS2 (perhaps uding both controller ports for support) or a much longer cord.  As it stands now, I may have to buy a controller extension cord to correct this design flaw, which is irritating when I already paid for the MultiTap.It works, it's first party, and it's reliable.  Hopefully the PS3 will take advantage of the wireless revolution and the cord issue will be a thing of the past!
I was kind of unsure about buying Neverwinter Nights because of the mixed reviews about the single player campaign.  I decided to buy it to tide me over until Icewind Dale 2 comes out.  I have to say, I got a lot of enjoyment out of it.  It was better than I expected it to be.  It could have been better, but it is worth buying.  I, like a large and increasingly neglected group of gamers, have no interest whatsoever in the multiplayer aspect, or in the dungeon creation toolset.  Therefore, if you want a review of these parts of the game, then you'll have to skip to the next one.  If you want to learn about the single-player campaign, read on.The best part of this game is the new engine, and the interface.  It looks nice, and it's very slick.  The graphics don't deserve the criticism that they are getting.  The only shortcomings of the graphics show up if you have the camera zoomed in, which will probably be rare, since you need it zoomed out to get a wide view.  The faces are kind of featureless and blocky, but if you zoom out, you won't notice.The game is full of candy for the eyes and the ears.  The spell effects are great, and so are the fighting animations.  The battle cries and the taunts are great.  The ambient sounds in the city, like the moans of plague victims and the sounds of fighting in the distance, are great at setting the atmosphere.  The music, composed by Jeremy Soule (a guy who makes one great role-playing soundtrack after another) is wonderful.The interface is very easy to learn, and it's very flexible.  This keeps the game play moving along swiftly.  A teleportation stone lets you return instantly to town to sell your stuff or get healed.  If you are a D&D; purist, you might not like this addition, but if you aren't, then you will probably like the way that it keeps the game flowing.  It's nice to be able to get back to town and pawn your stuff without trudging out of the dungeon.This campaign, however, is definitely not the stuff that legends are made of.  It's pretty uncreative and uninspired.  The storyline is a typical "move up the food chain and kill the bosses lackeys" story with the usual shortfalls.  A no-name Level 1 character starts off the game having to save the whole city.  The Big Boss deals with you by sending progressively stronger, yet dumb henchmen, 1 by 1, to kill you.  Duh.  This is the weakest D&D; storyline yet.This problem applies for the magic items too.  There aren't many interesting items.  Lots of cookie-cutter items repeat themselves frequently, like in Diablo.  In chapter 1, you might find 3 pairs of "Gloves of Swordplay".  Then, in chapter 2, you find 3 pairs of "Greater Gloves of Swordplay".  The scenery is also "blah" and repetitive.  There are no memorable areas in this game, like Kuldahar in Icewind Dale, or Athlakta in Baldurs Gate 2.The biggest flaw of this game is the HORRIBLE decision to eliminate the party and replace it with a single, dumb-AI henchman that can only follow simple orders.  You can only give your henchman potions in combat.  You can't control their moves.  You can't give them items that they could use.  You can't choose their spells for them.  You can't control when they cast spells.  This is a huge step BACKWARDS, not forwards.  What were these people thinking?  D&D; is at it's best on the computer when you have a diverse party, and you can use all of their strengths to your advantage.  You won't get that in this game.  That is why I eagerly await Icewind Dale 2, which is a full-party 3rd Edition game.  Perhaps someone this new engine to create a party-based D&D; game someday.Still, despite my complaints, I enjoyed this game, and I would recommend it for RPG fans.  It has a great pace, and it is a fun game.  If you don't buy it now, at least pick it up in the bargain bin someday.
If you're into Forgotten Relams/Baldur's Gate RPGs, or you are into RPGs in general, then you must try this game out. A great combat system with beautiful graphics. You can also create your own adventure with the Aurora Toolset. However, if you don't know how to do script codes for this game real well, it'll be discouraging (trust me, I know firsthand). But, like I said the game itself is a great game!
NWN was a fine gaming experience.  The story was good (not great; sometimes it seemed contrived), as well as the sound, graphics and playability.  There were some glitches with the pathfinding functions of the game, however; I often found my character getting stuck on a small obsticle that in other Black Isle games (Baldur's Gate series and Torment, in particular), your character(s) would simply walk around it and keep going.  While the over all story was decent, you had to go a long period of time between parts where the plot progressed.  Having only henchman has ups and downs.  I agree with all the other people who miss the  banter between party members in previous games.  That was very fun, and it would have been a welcome addition to NWN.  There was a bonus to this "deficiency," however.  Being able to carry only one henchman with you makes the replay value much better.  The game's dynamics change drastically.  For example, I played through and finished as  a paladin.  Since most of the oponents are undead, the battles were relatively easy.  I took the rogue henchman through and he was able to handle most of the locks and traps.  Another time I played through about half way as a rogue and took the cleric henchman with me.  It was way harder (but very fun).  I couldn't just lung into battles.  I'd have to sneak around them, lure a few away from the crowd and finish them off before attacking the others.
It was hard for me to pin down what I didn't like about this game at first, then it hit me: I expected something different.  I'm a big fan of the Baldur's Gate series, and by extension: Icewind dale and Torment.  Neverwinter Nights really only has one thing in common with those games: they're based on D&D.;  After there the similarities pretty much end.After abandoning this game for the far less time consuming Warcraft 3, I've come back to it with a renewed interest.  Havign given it a second chance I must admit that while it's not the game I expected, it's still a pretty great game and can potentially have one of the biggest impacts on gaming ever.  Unfortunately, I still find a lot of my complaints to be valid.One of my biggest complaints in the single player game is the lack of henchmen.  One of the best things about the Black Isle games, especially Baldur's Gate 2, was how your Henchmen had minds of their own, would fight amongst each other, even kill each other.  I always thoght this was the feature that made the experience as close to a "real" RPG as possible.  In Neverwinter, you only get one Henchman, and there's little communication.  Since you can only make one player, you usually have to find a henchman that can pick locks or heal.  I've tried a lot of them with a couple of different characters, and they always seem to haev a high mortality rate.  I always seem to have to go back to the temple as they seem to die an awful lot.  In my opinion, they shoudl have limited the henchmen, but allowed extra henchmen for characters with a hgih charisma, that way the henchmen don't drive the story, or steal the show, but you at least haev a better tactical dynamic.One of my overall complaints is how tiny all the writing, inventory items, and maps are at a respectable resolution.  I find myself squinting at my 19" monitor until it feels like my eyeballs are going to pop out.  "Elder Scrolls 3: Morrowind" had this same problem.  Inventory management can get really tedious.  This is a pretty small complaint though.  I got over it quickly.The rest of the single player experience warms up slowly, but does eventually hook you.  I think most peopel give up early and make rash judgements of the game.  I know I was pretty disappointed at first that I wasn't playing one of those other games I loved so much.  This isn't Baldur's Gate 3 however and once I realized that, I kind of backed off and started enjoying myself.  The single player story really is pretty good, and the deeper you get into it the better it gets.  It does haev a relatively linear story, but you can stray really far from the tracks and there are side quets aplenty hidden around every corner.  I like the ability to zoom out for navigation, then zoom in for the action so I can watch the fight, which are entertaining thanks to some excellent character animation. The sound is also excellent and really adds to the overall tone of the game.  Of the three recent RPG releases that everyone's raving about, including Morrowind and Dungeon Seige, this is definitely the best single player game out there for hardcore gamers or even dungeon crawlers.The biggest reason to buy this game, and what will make it endure beyond the relatively flawed single player experience is one of the most ambitious editors ever made.  The community of wannabe game makers out there is respectable and growing bigger every day.  I've tooled around with the editor and must say it's oen of the easiest I've ever used for a RPG.  You can whip up a map in no time, opulate it with all manner of critters and NPC's, and then navigate through it with a charater to see how it works.  The scripting is where most people who've never had nay C++ experience, like me, will start running into some problems.  The scripting process is what keeps the editor from being completely user friendly.  If you haev a vision of a cool adventure that isn't a dungeon crawl, you're going to have to leqarn scripting.  I guess they couldn't come up with a wizard that was versatile enough to handle all the various jobs that scripting covers.It's the scripting that I think has made most of the player made dungeons on the net fairly mediocre.  People like me are still learning the process and perfecting what they want to get done.  Patient and thorough dungeon builders will find lots of helpful communities and forums on the net even if you can't find a really definitive set of instructions at this writing. The longer this game stays on the market, however, the better those player made levels get.  With patches, add-ons and a very enthusiastic community, I think this game is going to blossom into the experience we were promised.  If I didn't think that, I would have given up on this game a long time ago.
A long time ago, Neverwinter Nights (NWN) was the official Dungeons &  Dragons game for America Online. At least, I think it was America Online. It was some subscription service. Whatever.Anyway, it was a limited game engine of sorts that used the wacky Dungeons & Dragons rules to allow people to play together online. It was revolutionary in its day.With the arrival of this latest version of Neverwinter Nights, D&D; gets a steroid boost of immense proportions in the form of a real time 3-D game engine. Sort of.NWN is both a module creation tool and an adventure. You can download other adventures or make adventures and host them just like a "real" Dungeon Master. It's the closest thing to creating your own MUD -- and you could conceivably make one bigger than most MUDs, with up to 64 players on simultaneously at one time.I have created an adventure but never really hosted it. The time it takes is simply too much -- it's like all the effort of writing an adventure, plus difficulties of design. Worse, the first version I got of NWN kept crashing my machine. Since the patches, it's considerably better. In fact, NWN is made to be patched as opposed to game companies pretending everything's perfect (even though they know it isn't) on release. You just hit "update" and NWN updates itself.NWN is made for a wide range of computers, so it scales the effects. This is definitely apparent when Maleficent and I play -- by looking over at her (slower) computer, you can see a world of difference. I have particle effects from waterfalls, shadows thrown from a dozen light sources, and glittering reflections in polished surfaces. Mal...well, doesn't.In fact, for a long time we couldn't get the game to work at all on her computer, which drove us both nuts. It turned out that the only problem was actually the graphics card -- it had a particular flaw with the FEMALE MODEL TYPE. That's right, even though the graphics card had worked in my computer previously, because Mal was playing a female sorceress (who else?), it crashed over and over. It took a lot of work, but we finally got NWN to work on both our machines.The adventure itself is compelling and massive. The box says over 60 hours of gameplay and they're not kidding. Since Mal and I tend to scour everything bare, we really did take up the 60 hours if not more. Additionally, there was easily room for both of us to play in the universe without feeling claustrophobic. We completed separate quests and then would link back together later. Mal's meaner than I am, so her character was more neutral. I played Talien as a paladin (you're surprised by this, right?). There's no satyrs in NWN however.That said, there is a lot of flexibility. The third-edition rules are amazingly implemented in the game engine, which is a compliment to the developers as well as the creators of the third-edition rules. The choice of races and classes are balanced well. And NWN goes further -- there are rules that enhance the game, such as level-dependent items that players can't use until they're high enough level.The combat system works exceptionally well and even the trade system works smoothly. Characters are more or less likely to be helpful depending on how high or low your PC's Charisma stat is. If your character is really stupid, he talks funny ("Me am strong!"). And there's always the nasty and the good choice. Maleficent had the opportunity to constantly ask for more cash, whereas I tried to always do the right thing. True to form, our alignments matched our actions.The monsters are beautifully rendered in three dimensional form, taking the static artwork from the Monster Manual to new levels. Umber Hulks never looked so terrifying. And when a dragon gets up on its hind legs and walks over to swat you like a fly, it's positively nerve wracking. Still, not all the monsters are to scale -- the dragons and giants should have been larger. There are also quite a few monsters missing. But that's okay, because there's so much to explore that you don't miss it.Mal and I beat the game at 15th level even though there were items for 16th level characters. I suspect two people playing the game (which is meant to be played solo) ultimately end up dividing the spoils and thus advance slower. I've spoken to other people who played NWN and felt that the game's difficulty plateaued too quickly. I played NWN as a paladin along with Mal and as a elven evoker -- in both cases I died quite a lot. It may be that fighter types have an easier time of it.There were two major problems in gameplay that cropped up, however. Like all good (and bad!) MUDs, NWN has not perfected pet code. By pet code I mean the code that allows a player to control a monster or NPC. Henchmen are available in the game, a requirement for some particularly difficult areas. Every other chapter of the adventure, henchmen would bug -- they wouldn't listen to our commands, they would repeat the same phrase over and over, they would attack friendlies (!) or they would simply not recognize the PC as their employer anymore. Given that some NPCs are critical to survive, this became a big problem when we had to permanently dump the thief in favor of a cleric we didn't need. The problem always fixed itself when we entered a new chapter of the game, because the NPCs are essentially recreated at higher levels. Still, it's extremely annoying.Much worse were the quest bugs, another feature that often hampers text MUDs. Sure enough, many of the quests simply did not work -- NPCs who were required to finish the quests disappeared or wouldn't recognize the item given to them. Unlike the henchmen code problem, the quest bugs I was able to manually fix by going into the code with the area creator and tweaking it. So that was a surmountable, but still annoying bug.The campaign adventure series itself is surprisingly mature for its type, involving plagues, bad choices, murdered lovers, and vengeance. While the end battle is quite climactic (it took Mal and I several days to figure out how to beat the bad guy), the narrative summary is far too brief and without any accolades. It's sort of a "yay, you won, bye" rather than a true feeling of accomplishment.Since I don't get to play much D&D; these days, this is the closest thing to it. I haven't figured out how to play with my friends over the Internet yet, but we intend to and are planning to buy the expansion adventures (all of them!).Is NWN perfect? No. But it is a fantastic world-building tool that manages to provide a really fun gaming experience that takes me back to the old days around a table with my friends.
OK...I am a true 1st person shooter game addict. I used to play the D&D; style games on Sega and Nintendo in the way back time!!!This game was my first return to that genre. I have to say I am enjoying this game. I am not blown away by it, but I do like it. I have read in some forums that Bioware took some of the best things D&D; had to offer and threw it all out. I cannot comment since I am not into these games that much.I like that this game cost me $30 and has kept me busy for days on end resolving puzzles while exploring the Neverwinter world.I paid $50 for Max Payne 2 and Jedi Academy, yet finished them in 6 to 7 hours of pay time!!! RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!NWN is a steep learning curve, the potions, spells, charms, and rules were utterly confusing to me and still are! I find the in game descriptions of items to be utterly useless! So I am a bit PO'd about that. The manual does nothing to help you. There should be a wizard to recommend character classes and help newbies pick character based on our game play style. Instead you get a menu of pre-created characters. You are better off reading a good walkthrough, using a trainer program at a cheat site so you can play and learn....THEN go back and do it for real.Overall, I am enjoying NWN. I think the graphics are just fine. Not breath taking, but not bad either. Just remember this game is a STEEP learning curve...I am near the end and I canot figure out what somethings do or what some items are good for!
Neverwinter Nights is almost a dream come true for all of us D&D; players. You can create your own adventures or play other people's premade adventures either solo or with an adventuring party filled with players or NPC's.My main complaint is the level limit. Twentieth level is the maximum you can reach. There was absolutely no reason for this limitation other than using it for future expansion sales. I understand that even the expansion has the same level limit, though! The reason I say there was no reason for it is because on the editor you can raise the monster's levels beyond that, so the game engine knows what to do if you're 23rd or 56th level. This game would have been SO MUCH BETTER if that limitation were not there. For people like myself, who have been playing this game for over 20 years, low level characters just aren't all that fun.Despite this serious drawback, the game has an amazing array of spells, feats, skills, classes, races, magical items, and monsters included. The monsters are so customizeable that you can give them the stats of a completely different monster, in effect changing something like a lizard man into a kua toa (something I actually did in the editor. It worked quite well).Another thing which could have added a lot to the game is enabling spellcasters to use hot keys (such as F1, etc) to cast favorite spells quickly instead of having to go through a series of mouse clicks during a real-time combat.The editor is so flexible and user friendly that within a few days I was copying my old modules, such as Vault of the Drow and Against the Giants into it. They work great! I did find out that you are limited to about 150 creatures per level. Go higher than that and the monsters just stand there and let you pound on them.So if you enjoy the low level game, break out the Doritos and have fun!
Perhaps the best that can be said about Neverwinter Nights is that it comes very close to fulfilling all the hype that lead up to its release. It isn't, however, going to put Wizards of the Coast out of business. Here is why.The Aurora toolset is powerful- very powerful. Probably too powerful, as it is difficult to learn and slow to use. I'm a computer programmer that has also acted as a pen and paper Dungeon Master, yet I still haven't quite worked up the urge to delve into all those tutorials and menus. The main problem with building your own modules is that you have to pick and place everything, which takes literally forever. Also, the editor has some odd quirks and limitations, and if you use hacks or scripts can screw up the game very easily. You are well advised to backup everything before you do anything.The single play campaign is very long and quite challenging. The plot is good, and the characters have more than one dimension. Unfortunately, it shares some of the elements of the only other 3rd edition D&D; CRPG- Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor. That is to say, there are way too many dumb 'Fed Ex quests,' and the graphics seem squarish and get very repetitive. It is still a good deal better than that game, however, as combat is actually fun and the NPCs do more than just tell you to go somewhere and find something.As for stability issues, if you don't hack there probably won't be too many. However, once in a while you might encounter inexplicable and often serious bugs. For example, sometimes items vanish or stop working for no apparent reason. I've also seen savegames get corrupted, which is bad but not impossibly so, since you can export and restart a chapter. It's advisable you keep several saves and update them at intervals in case something breaks.Aside from its flaws, NWN has a great look and 3rd Edition feel. The rules aren't nearly as faked as they are in Pool of Radiance, though some spells and feats are modified to be workable with the real-time system. That said, not all of the rules are implemented, but quite a few are. I have to admit I was astonished at how thorough a job BioWare did... although my opinion might be skewed due to having played through the entire Pool of Radiance game (still can't believe I did that). As is to be expected, the spells look fantastic, and combat is generally exciting and fun. You'll encounter scores of different monsters, and they each look unique and well done.The interface is easy to learn, especially for veterans of Baldur's Gate or similar games. As with its 2-D predecessor, you can pause the game to issue commands. You do not control a party any longer, however, and can have at most three followers (a henchman, familiar/animal companion, and summoned creature). The followers' artificial intelligence is passing, but not too great. Perhaps the community or BioWare will improve on it with future patches. If there's one thing at all that hasn't changed in the makeover from Infinity engine to Aurora, it has to be the path-finding. It's still horrible, and despite the fact that I like NWN in general, I can't think of an excuse for this. It's as if BioWare has been deaf to player's comments for the last few years... I hope they remedy it somehow.Despite its pitfalls, Neverwinter Nights goes a long way to addressing the need for a customizable computer D&D; experience. It is definitely a revolutionary step up from Baldur's Gate in terms of this aspect, and it has a great deal of potential. I am looking forward to seeing what BioWare is going to do with this proprietary engine in the future. For now, all those who enjoyed the Infinity engine games or wish to try out a D&D; CRPG are heartily encouraged to get a copy of Neverwinter Nights.
It takes a normal tennis game and adds mini games and mario characters. What a ' bang up job ' they ( nintendo ) did on this game.
When Nintendo stopped making games for their Nintendo 64, many people seemed to balme it on the Playstation 2. Ironically there are many video games that were still worth the price. For the good games, like Mario Tennis, it does suit that field just fine. The game features 14 different characters to serve up your life, including Mario and his brother Luigi, Yoshi, Bowser and Peach, Princess Toadstool for those die hard Mario Brothers fans. The game also features amazing details of games including skilled ring games, and tournaments and hidden courses with zany Mario themes.Although many people still don't give sanction to cartridge games anymore, unless they are on Game Boy Advance, Mario Tennis is dull for a one-player game, but a smash for four.
This is a side story in the Zelda series. It is strange, and nowhere near as good as Ocarina of Time, but it is oddly amusing. It is a lot of fun to collect the masks and figure out what you're supposed to do with them. Get all the masks before you go to the moon to reveal a very cool mask that is useful in the final Boss battle! It is also fun to roll around as a Goron, Fly in the air as a Deku sprout, and play the guitar and swim as a Zora. Your fairy, Belle(or Tatl in the English version) can get a bit annoying however, even more so than Navi was. The time limit is also annoying - you can't take more than an hour to beat each dungeon or you have to start all over. Definitely get this game if you like weird stuff or just Zelda in general. I must warn you, however - Princess Zelda is not a part of this at all, and it doesn't really have much to do with the vague but existent Zelda storyline. If you have a choice between this and Ocarina of Time - get Ocarina of Time.
This sequel-of-sorts takes up after Link's last adventure, and drops him into a town where he only has 3 days to save the town from certain doom. In this world an hour goes by in about a minute real time, so this gives you barely over an hour real time to do the job. Sound stressful?Luckily, Link can use his Ocarina to go back in time whenever he wishes, in essence resetting that 3 day countdown. This can be helpful at times, and REALLY annoying at other times. Reset in time and you lose all cash on you, as well as any quest items, but somehow the bank still has your money and you still have your masks. You lose your maps, you keep your sword. Does this make sense? No, but it's the way the game works.The first section of the game is perhaps the worst designed, and unfortunately this might turn players off before they give the game a chance to shine. It is relatively difficult to get to the ocarina in the first place - meaning you have to play over and over again without ANY ability to save! You can't leave the town either, or do much of anything, so the frustration can get high. Just work through it, or refer to a walkthrough, because the game gets MUCH better once you get the ocarina.Once you've got it, you can save, become Link or many other creatures with the neat masks. The characters in the game react to you differently based on what mask you are wearing, and you even get different skills based on the mask.There are a wide variety of interesting quests going on. Meet one character, and they are looking for another character. Ask around, and arrange to meet someone at a certain time for more information. You start carrying parcels around to various people, and in the end, you've made a group of people happy! A notebook you carry helps you keep track of who you talked to when, and who you still need to help out.The time changes are great. Dawn becomes slowly rosy, and night descends with gentle dusk. Thieves only come out at night, characters go around on their business rounds, and depending on the time of day or day of the week characters are doing completely different things. Start back at Day 1 and you can see it all happen again.The game tries to help out players with the time, too. You can slow time down so it goes as slow as molasses, or you can jump ahead to the next day if you're finished with your tasks for a day. You can jump back to Day 1 at any time as long as you have the Ocarina, and owl statues let you save the game exactly where you are, just in case you have to do something boring like eat dinner.I find, once you get past the initial stage of the game, that it is greatly challenging and fun. It might be stressful for younger gamers, because everything is extremely deadline based. Instead of the old Zelda, where you could wander around and enjoy the journey as much as you wished, in this game you have to race from point to point to get your current quest in before the 3 day cycle begins again.If you enjoy time-based challenges and lots of jump-exactly-here-and-then-there kinds of action, along with a bit of RP puzzling added in, then you will love this newest member of the Zelda family!
I played the Legend of zelda ocarina of time in 1997,WHAT A YEAR THAT WAS!!!I had so much fun!then in gameinformer magazine the new preveiws page said that there was going to be a new game called 'the legend of zelda:majora's mask'it was about link going to a new land where the moon is falling and he has only 3 days to live and on the third day link has to play the song of time so that he can go back to the first day,I HAD TO HAVE IT!but then half a year later when it came out,I was very upset because when I played it,it was too easy and I beat it in almost a week!when I played'Ocarina of time'it took me almost two YEARS!but other then that it was a fun game,Very fun in fact.I really liked that you can upgrade your sword,when in 'ocarina of time'the master sword is what you see what you get!  PROS TO MAJORAS MASK:There are lots of masks that you can get and they give powers(like fast running),you can upgrade your sword twice,there are new songs for link to play on his ocarina and there is a bank so link can have alot of money!  CONS:you have to play 'the song of time'way to often because the moon is falling for some reason and you have only 3 days to live,finding more then half of the masks are very hard to find,the game has only four temples and they are all very hard way too short.but all in all this game is worth around $15.00,so if you like the other Zelda games try this one too!
I really enjoyed this game. It's similar to Ocarina of Time in combat and style, for those of you who tried it. That is, it has action combat where you can use various items, techniques, and attacks. It's easy to learn how to fight.The story follows Link, or whatever you decide to call him, a boy who is looking for a lost friend. He was travelling through the woods when a skullkid (a child-like forest dwelling creature) with a magical mask and two fairies ambushes him and steals his horse and his ocarina. Link follows the skullkid into a cave where he is transformed into a deku scrub (a little wooden guy). The skullkid runs away and leaves one of his fairies behind. The fairy, in order to reunite with her brother, joins Link. The two continue through the cave and get to Clock Town, in the land of Termina. Clock Town has a problem, however: the scary-looking moon is falling on top of it. Link has three days to catch the skullkid, who is using the mask to bring down the moon, or the town is destroyed. It's kind of tough to manage your time sometimes, especially if you're new to Zelda games and you have no help. But you'll get used to it.The music is very nice. It matches the area and the situation, like music for battle, senimental moments, or in the desert or at sea. I wouldn't mind having the soundtrack. The sound effects are realistic and the voices are decent. The graphics are good for N64.A feature unique to this game is the use of special masks that give you certain abilities. A few examples are the bomb mask (blows up), the faerie mask (glows when fairies are around), and my favorite, the bunny mask, which makes you run faster and look adorable. There are a good number of masks to collect, and you get them through interesting quests. There are three major masks that don't just give you abilities, but transform your body. They are the deku scrub mask, the zora mask, and the goron mask. Each form has it's own powers and you'll need them in certain areas.This is one of my top ten favorite games. It is almost, though not quite, as good as Ocarina of Time, which is probably the best Zelda game ever. There are few, if any, problems. I definitely recommend it.
Majora's Mask takes pretty much everything founded in Ocarina of Time and throws it the dumpster. Forget well constructed plot lines, you will won't know what is going on for half the game. Once I did piece together the story though, it is quite deep with a very sad message to it. Basically a creature named Skull Kid had been picked on and abandoned his whole life and decides to gets revenge by crashing the moon into Clock Town using a powerful and dangerous magic mask. I felt bad for him even if he did turn Link into a Deku. The gameplay is also different from the beloved Ocarina of Time. You only have 3 days before Skull Kid destroys the town, and by 3 days Nintendo means 1 hour. I personally find my myself better at playing it if I know a moon will fall on my head if I don't get things done in time. Along with the ominous time limit you also have a ton of masks at your disposal. Need to get into a palace filled with Deku people? Put on the Deku mask and you will literary become a Deku. Want to explode? Just put on the dangerous bomb mask, press the button, and watch as Link blows up. The masks a new level to gameplay. Majora's Mask isn't as serious a game as Ocarina of Time, but with the surprisingly deep (and weird) plot, unique gameplay, and creepy outdated cutscenes (the clip of Link being eaten by a Deku gave me nightmares), why not give it a try?
Way back when this game came out the hype was unreal.A mature game for adult gamers...on Nintendo?Yup.And from the companies then golden child Rare to top things off.Ok...So besides a dirty, drunken, foul mouthed squirrel what do we get?Spot on control.Excellent graphic.Interesting moments of game play.And of course a dirty, drunken, foul mouthed squirrel.The game play was what Rare did best, mainly hop around and collect things.Either you like the platformer collect a thons or you don't.Granted, by this time the formula was getting a tad stale after Mario, Banjo Kazooie and countless other collect a thons by various companies.Still...an interesting game that was WAY ahead of its time in terms of adult content.Conker is worth checking out for the sheer vulgar over kill alone.Recommended.
It took me forever to beat this game...but boy was it so worth it. :)Near the end of the Nintendo 64's life span, fans of that great console realized that the Playstation dominated it in almost every way possible. Not only did it get some of the best games from some of the world's best developers, they were churning out the hits as fast as they announced them. Nintendo's "quality over quantity" policy clearly didn't win over most gamers so fans of the Nintendo 64 learned to be patient and to be humble. Still, the N64 was home of some of the best games that didn't get released on Sony's console. And you can thank Rare for keeping us fans busy with their excellent games. Conker's Bad Fur Day, released in 2001,was Rare's last game for the Nintendo 64. What started out as a cutesy, Mario style platform game featuring squirrels, bears and flowers turned into the most sinister and foul mouthed platform game that anyone has ever seen. So take away the toilet humor, perverted jokes, the bleeped out cursing, blood, gore & suggestive sexual themes and you STILL have a great game worth playing through.You control a squirrel named Conker who just celebrated his 21st birthday by hanging out and drinking with his friends. He drinks way too much and sports a major hangover to the point that he can't find his way home. And this is where you come in. You help him sober up and find his way home but then he gets sidetracked and goes on a mission where he explores his world, helping people along the way with their errands all the way until he goes toe to toe with the main bad guy who wants to take over his world. I don't want to give too much story away but Rare borrowed elements from some popular movies of the time and blended it in here along with hilarious and outrageous moments that happen to Conker. Your character does not have any special powers or abilities; you progress by helping out people you meet and through "context sensitive events": basically, hit a specific button when prompted. The game saves your progress and when you are done with the single player mode (or need to take a break from it), you can try out one of several multi-player modes (by yourself or with 3 other players.)The PROS: The graphics, music, controls and sound effects are top notch here and bring Conker's world to life. The story is hilarious and while it makes fun of movies from the late 90's, it still brings a chuckle or two out of you. It's a long game so it will keep you busy and sometimes a little challenging. I haven't played too much of the multi-player modes but they are fun and are a good excuse to have your friends play along or against you.The CONS: The graphics can get a little choppy when the action gets intense but that's what to be expected. Surprisingly, this game doesn't require the expansion pack like other titles so Rare could have taken advantage of it to prevent the choppy graphics or lessen the effect. Also, sometimes it is hard to figure out where to go next and a few of the puzzles really require you to think and observe your surroundings.This game was a great example of how good gaming on the Nintendo 64 got and while it arrived near the end of the console's lifespan, it still sold a decent amount of copies. It will be hard to get a copy of this game so it probably is best to get it used since a new copy would cost a lot of money. If you missed out on playing this game back or thought this was "too kiddy" to play, then make the effort to find it. This is NOT for kids and only for the grown ups. I recommend it to all N64 fans and to those who never played it before.
don't let this cute squirrel fool you, and his cool shoes, Conker is one funny character. first a little background for those of you that don't know:Conker's Bad Fur Day was the final product of the late great Rareware (this was before Microsoft bought them and pretty much ruin them). as part of their "cuteness" and cartoon charm, we knew they would come out with something cool. if you play the two Banjo titles then you know what i'm talking about, if you don't then i highly recommend playing those games. now this game took a 180 in content, it still has that cartoony charm and cuteness, but added parodies of popular movies (Saving Private Ryan, The Matrix, and Aliens the most notable one). the content is well, in a nut shell toilet humor, but only for like the first half of the game. also the violence and gore was added as well, and also new was GOOD voice acting, lip syncing, and facial expression, this was unheard of at the time, and its cool to see the expression's conker makes. however, with the toilet humor, gore, some sexual content, and swearing, this game got an M rating, in which it failed in sells in the US due to that rating, but those who were fortunate to play it got a treat and one hell of an adventure. also this game had some polarizing opinions as well, some say its the best platformer on the N64 while others say its a sorry excuse of a game, using the toilet humor as a crutch to keep it afloat.now, on to game play, in terms of the game play its your basic platformer, but since it was developed for adults however, they made it easier so adults have a good understanding of playing the game which means less buttons to worry about. enter context sensitive, basically you stand in a B pad and it'll automatically do what needs to be done for the situation, how your introduced to the idea is well... interesting and funny at the same time. the cut scenes are pretty good for N64 title, and the story is a wacky adventure that happens in a day's time.now i gave the game a 5 star for fun, but 4 stars for overall rating, this is game is multiplicative in the beginning. its easy at first, then just when you're cruising along you got a zombie stage, you turn into a bat, then the War. the war stage although short is TOUGH! oh my god i don't how many times i've died because i kept getting killed or didn't know where to go. the zombie stage was tough because you have to aim and shoot their head of course, but the tedizs shoots you and you don't recover that quick, you'll lose all your health within seconds. the final boss isn't very clear on how to beat it, but the computer tells you how so that was cool and funny.ok, so is this game worth your money? well for one its a Rareware game, so it's fun, also it has multiplayer which i won't touch on because i don't play it. i will say this: this game commands high prices, ranging from 90s to the 100s. its a highly sought after game and not many copies were many either due to the low sales with the game. its also not for everyone, but trust me you'll like this game and its charm, so give it a shot first via emulator and see for your self before making this purchase but i highly recommend it if you take my word for it.
Conker's Bad Fur Day is the kid's game that browsed the adult section and then loaded itself on Daddy's private stash. BFD has its crosshairs directly aimed at the college audience, and it works perfectly for the peeps who've grown up with Mario and are now looking for someone less dorky. That is, in between frat parties and other immoral activities.Looking past the hype surrounding the first truly 'adult' Nintendo game, BFD makes you chuckle and drives you to keep playing. I would have liked some deeper action or at least a longer experience, but this is still certainly worth the investment. Now where did I put that Bloody Mary mix?
No.  "Mario 64" is still the king of the Nintendo 64 crop, however this comes close enough to be second or third.  First anounched as "Twelve Tales: Conker 64," Conker was supposed to be about Conker trying to save his girlfriend Berri from an evil cake and/or acorn (???)!  You would romp through a "Banjo-Kazooi" world, with "Banjo-Kazooi" style gameplay, and final there were many resemblences to "Banjo-Kazooi!"  For instence you collected golden acorns to unlock new levels, which much resembled the idea of the gold puzzle pieces you collected in, you gussed it, "Banjo-Kazooi!"However game sites deemed it way too cute, so Rare went back to the drawing board and came up with "Conker's Bad Fur Day" one year later.  Now the once cute squirle Conker cusses, vomits, swims in peoples (...) and (...), and spoofs every movie he can think of (Star Wars, Saving Private Ryan, JAWS, Terminater 2, The Matrix, and Mission Impossable to name a few)!  While most of the game is vugar as heck (And is very well deserved of the M rating), it's also funny as heck!Another good thing about the game is the different approch in the gameplay department.  Instead of the normal gameplay found in most Rare games, Conker now has to do more puzzle solving, jumping, swimming, and even shooting to keep the mature gamers intrest!  You honestly are never sure how your going to play the game next!  One minute I was herding cheese around, the next I was trying to make cows (...) out as much, well (...), out of their bodies as I possably could!  Oh and then I was in a warfield being attacked by Tediez (Don't ask), and then being...Dracula!?!CBFD is by no means perfect.  For thing the main game is too short, while the muti-player modes are pretty boring!  Plus there's only so much I can take of a cussing squirle before I get sick of playing this thing!  As long as your over 17 I highly recomend this game...as a rental!  But if you find it for [price] or less, then I gusse you can't go wrong.
My only complaints are the $60 used price tag, which is very unreasonable considering you can have just as much fun with other platform games on N64 (Banjo Kazooie and Mario 64 of course). Only difference is this game is adult themed, which is unique in it's own. Also it suffers from the same thing most games in this genre do, bad camera angles. Can't express how frustrating it can be having to wrestle with the camera just to correctly jump to certain ropes, ledges, etc. Although these aren't enough to make Conker's Bad Fur Day fall apart, because it really is a great game. This being my first playthrough it has a hysterical and well thought up story. The difficulty like everyone else has mentioned is well..... INTENSE... This game can make someone rage quit, just a heads up. Though it's just that more satisfying upon completion. I liked the challenge personally and I don't usually play hard games.The positives are well known. Especially the graphics and voice acting. Extremely well done, props to former RARE. I'm actually shocked that this title as well as 007 and Killer Instinct didn't save their company. Anywho off topic. Overall this is a pretty fun game and not an easily forgettable experience. Despite the price tag there is a way to play this on the computer... I'll stop there. Highly recommend for any genre of gamer. You've got to play this game at least once.
Since I am a super huge Mario fan, I was more than happy when I heard he was finally making a return to the N64.  I am also a super huge fan of Mario RPG for the Super NES, and I was ready for Mario to really make a splash with this game.  I am a little disappointed.  The game is very nicely done and is very cute, but a little too cute.  Mario isn't as fiesty as he once was.  One of my biggest issues with the game is the selection of characters.  I didn't like how you could only have Mario and another character.  And the characters you have to choose from are pretty lame. I would have like to see Peach(the whole captured thing is getting old), Luigi, Toad, and a whole mess of other Mario characters.  The low amount of damage and hit points also really ticked me off.On the bright side, the gameplay and graphics were very well done.  The flat story book thing was neat, but I hope it doesn't make an encore performance.  The storyline(although Peach needs to learn some self-defense) is good, and you do get to travel to some interesting places.  PAPER MARIO is a good game.  It is unfortunately geared towards younger players and that may turn some old schoolers away.  But in the end, like any Mario game, this one is worth a try.
After playing many hardcore RPG's on my computer, I had decided to purchase a more light-hearted and simplistic game for my Nintendo.  One that I could start playing right out of the box without reading a 100 page manual like many PC games in this genre.What did I find?  A highly addicting game in the form of Paper Mario.  I'll admit this is my 1st (yes, 1st) ever Mario game and so far I really enjoy it.  The most noticeable gimmick for this game is its unique take on teh graffics.  You see, Mario, his pals and his enemies all look like construction paper 2D figures and place them in a very rich and colored 3D environment.  You never get tired of viewing this game from this perspective, and in my travels around the mythical land in which the game takes place, there are many locals to visit.  I've heard the game is a 325MB cartridge, which I can believe after just viewing a portion of the game.The Interface is done nicely and many of the controls are self explanatory.  What the manual doesn't cover is easily explained on-screen in (for lack of a better term) some tutorials explaining new button features.  Some 'actions' are highly depended on your reflexes so certain moves may be hard for those with slow reflexes.  There is also a save feature throughout the game which helps the player as are many power-ups and hidden items of Mario lore.Okay, the story is a tad cliche.  Bowser is back and kidnapped Princess Peach along with the Star Rod.  Your job as Mario is to explore the land, level by level, thus opening new chapters in this unfolding story until you are strong enough to face Bowser.  However, this is my biggest beef with the game....the story is a little too in depth, too long and too cute.  When you first turn on teh gaem, you lieterally have to spend 15-20 minutes going through a back-story that sets up the game itself.  The cutscenes between chapters are nice too look at, but can get tedious in all this cute banter between NPC's.  I found myself just hitting the 'A' button to get past the contstant dialouge that serves no purpose other than drive the story on.  Oh, and when any character talks, get used to a constant 'chirping' noise from them.  Yes, all the characters have the same voice and it is just an annoying chirp.The puzzles so far are pretty easy, perhaps they will get harder further into the game....I hope so anyway.  But the turn based battles are strategy driven.  Yes, you need to know what moves and in what order you should perform them as to save stamina, Flower Points and Hit Points.  And again, reflexes help.  It is the difference here that you score extra damage against opponents, or defend succesfully.The stats screen is very informative.  Here is the heart of your character.  From here you can see all the badges Mario wears (badges are like special items that do different things...pay attention to them, for different combinations make for interesting side effects), his health, points to the next level, coins earned, star points earned, members in your party (yup, you'll meet characters who will join your party...and they have special abilities too that enhance what Mario does in battles), and more.There is a bit of good natured humor in the game too.  some refernces may be over the head of some children, but no harm done if they don't get the inside joke.All in all, a very fun game in the RPG genre without all the bllod and gore of it's PC counterparts.  A good starting point for younger kids, but adults alike.  I'm 30 years old, and my whole afternoon was sucked up by this last weekend.
Anything with the name Mario on it tends to have the golden touch. Just look at Mario 64, one of the classics on the N64 and still an incredibly playable game. Super Smash Brothers was another Mario game that was amazingly fun.Mario Paper is more like an RPG/arcade combination. It lets Mario take on other characters to join his team, and rotate between them to choose his current companion. He picks up different weapons and items, each altering his combat techniques.Like Final Fantasy and other RPG games, it also gives you some degree of customization over Mario as he gains level in combat. You can increase his 'magic' (flower power) or his 'constition' (heart power). You can collect badges as you go, each giving you different strengths. You can manage which badge combinations you activate, giving you interesting pairings of power.Gameplay is much like any other N64 RPG. You go from town to town, killing bad guys as you go and talking to every friendly person that you meet. People give you clues about where to go and what to do.On the downside, for a RPG it's extremely linear - you can't go through X door until you talk to Y person and get your hands on Z object. You have to do things in a certain order even if logically that wouldn't be true.Also, the Peach character bugs me a lot.  She could try to resist when she's captured, but instead she sits and whines that SOMEONE has to come rescue her. No thought about doing anything for herself ...Fighting is both good and bad. The first fight is exceptionally annoying, because you get thrown into it with only one ability. Even if you do that the best that you can, you still get beaten and look like you've &quot;died&quot;. This will probably be really frustrating to first time players, especially younger ones.In general though it works reasonably well. It's turn based, so slower players won't feel rushed in making their choices. It's pretty straightforward - the options are all laid out right in front of you. You have to learn which things work on which characters, and the complexity builds slowly as you go.Definitely a game we'll play through at this house, and one I'd buy for my gaming friends, but it's a shame they didn't put just a bit more effort into player-testing it before releasing it.
It's funny how things work out. I was one of the lucky few to acquire a Sony PS2 on time and yet all of my latest game purchases are for the dying Nintendo 64. Paper Mario is the latest in the N64 line up, and one of Nintendo's better iterations staring Mario and his gang. Naturally I'm disappointed in the absence of ALL of the characters. But that is a minor complaint since very few of the characters in the Mario world have a part big enough to justify playing themMario's flattened appearance in a 3D world takes an open mind to appreciate. Initially, I really didn't like the game since it seemed a bit haphazard. When I saw the first commercials on television, I was expecting the characters to appear and behave much like the Um Jammy Lammy (for the PSX) characters. Where characters would fold and bend much like real pieces of paper. Paper Mario kind of falls flat here (literally) the characters are more like pieces of cardboard, inflexible with the same image on both sides. The game's battles occur on a sort of stage complete with hanging props in the background (look for the guy wires), I sincerely wish the rest of the game occurred on a sort of stage as well (In a more obvious manner). Kind of disappointing really.Getting past the &quot;faked&quot; paper, the game is actually kind of fun. The storyline is the usual &quot;Save the Princess&quot; kind of thing that Nintendo used since day one. But the actual game play is sufficient enough to keep a player amused for around thirty-six hours. After that, it's another few hours to squeeze every last secret out of the game. The addition of the &quot;helper&quot; characters and their families play a crucial part in adding the extra time to the game. I spent a lot of time running around, doing useless errands for various characters for who knows what kind of useless thing. I never once traded anything for the star pieces I collected, I never had the need to. Once a player has discovered everything there is to know about the game, the game's replay value diminishes rapidly. It's a safe bet that we're going to see this game on the Amazon.com marketplace.The game's lack of appeal to older players and the late appearance on a dying game may be what kills this title. This is a better title for the younger players since the controls and camera work will not frustrate all but the absolute worst players. Or for players who insist on owning every game that Mario ever appears in. I know this is a weird thing to say but the $49.99 price tag (as of this writing) is worth the admission, despite the less than forty hours of game play. Nintendo is heading in the right direction with the paper look of Mario. This sort of game will bring Nintendo back to ground zero after the disappointment of Mario 64 and the other games involving Mario (and lack thereof of Luigi). Are you listening Nintendo? How about more games like this with the smooth camera work and responsive controls?
Out of the 3 Spyro games (not including the new one for the PS2) Year of the Dragon is the best one.  Just like the previous versions, your mission is to collect gems and this time, dinosaur eggs.  The more eggs Spyro collects, the more &quot;worlds&quot; are open to him.  Some eggsd are hidden in the levels, but a lot of them need to be earned by completing challenges such as skateboarding.Year of the Dragon lets you take control of four characters besides Spyro. Sheila the Kangaroo can perform a high jump as well as kick enemies with her feet. Sergeant Bird has a rocket launchers and can fly forever. There's also a Yeti and a monkey named Agent 9.The controls are easy, the graphics are nice and the sound is not bad.. you can't go wrong with this one.
Positive:+ gameplay is still solid+ controls are still excellent+ tons of eggs to collect+ speedway levels are great fun+ extra characters are a smart additionNegative:- wait... haven't I seen some of those positives before?- some graphical issues are less forgivable the second time around- the levels get a little boring after the first areaSpyro the Dragon was one of the defining characters of his genre back in the day. He had three great games: a great start, an even stronger sequel, and now the third one: Year of the Dragon. Does it live up to the expectations generated by its predecessors or does it fail to live up to the other two?When an evil Sorceress from another world sends in a bunch of goons to kidnap the eggs in the world of the dragons, you know who to send back to retrieve them. Hunter the cheetah! ...Oh, and Spyro of course! Basically you go on a journey to get back the eggs through four big worlds each with a lot of levels, and each of which has a lot of stuff to do for completionists.The core gameplay of YOTD is pretty much exactly the same as it was back in Ripto's Rage: you charge, you glide, you breath fire, and you get power ups through gates every once in a while. Thankfully all the abilities you learned in the previous game are available to you right off the bat. The downside to this is that you don't learn any new abilities as the game goes on, which makes the Spyro gameplay hardly vary at all.Fortunately, there are four other characters that come into play every once in a while to change things up a bit. Sheila the Kangaroo can jump really high and kick enemies to kingdom come, Sgt. Byrd can fly and shoot the crud out of baddies with his shoulder cannons, Bentley the Yeti can smash guys with his giant club (my personal favorite), and Agent 9's levels are kind of like third-person shooters. These guys each have their own level and also have a few areas throughout the game within other levels in which you can get eggs. All the characters are really fun to play as and offer some great diversity.The game has four huge home worlds, each of which has many levels. The first world is home to a handful of great, fun levels, and then you go to the second world and find that you're suddenly not having as much fun. Could it be that the levels are just... not so great? I can't put my finger on it, but there's something about the later levels that I just don't like. Maybe it's the slight lack of creativity, I don't know.Although many of the regular levels aren't much fun, there are four speedway levels in the game as well, and these are surprisingly entertaining. They each have a time attack mode where you have to fly through rings, torch cows, and the like within a time limit, but there is also a race on each of these levels as well as a Hunter challenge, usually involving you playing as the cheetah flying around in a plane shooting down sheep in flying saucers. Good times...Collecting eggs is the main goal of the game, but there are many ways that you get them. Of course there are some lying around on the ground every once in a while but there are also times when you have to do certain tasks to get them or play a minigame kind of thing. There are also a ton of gems, but these are more annoying to collect as they are all over the place and if you want them all you'll have to do a lot of backtracking. Still, the combination of eggs and gems makes for a great game to try to complete.The visuals of YOTD are exactly the same as they were in Ripto's Rage. Nothing has changed. Yes, Spyro's eyebrows still detach from his head every once in a while. Yes, everything still looks a little polygonal. They weren't so bad the first time, but when there is zero improvement in a game that came out a year later, polygonal and occasionally glitched graphics are a bit less forgivable. Not to say they look horrible for the time, but I definitely would have liked to see some kind of improvement in this area.The sound effects are no different than they were back in Ripto's Rage, but there wasn't really anything that needed changing. There are still nice, sometimes silly effects that fit well with the game. The music is great as usual and is, like the sound effects, fitting to the environments. Some of the tracks are reused a few times but it's really not a big deal.Overall, Spyro: Year of the Dragon is still a great game. It may be exactly the same as its predecessor except for a few fun variations in the gameplay, but that's not to say it's a bad game by any means. The Spyro formula had already proven itself twice, so why change it for the last game of the generation? Still, a few new abilities and graphical improvements would have been welcome and the levels could have been much more enjoyable. Despite these few flaws, though, YOTD is great for anyone who liked the other two games or someone looking for a game simply made to be completed, and I would also recommend it to just about anyone who likes 3-D platformers.Gameplay: 9Grahpics: 7Sound: 8Value: 9FINAL SCORE: 8.4/10
As most of you are aware, the video and PC gaming industry loves to hype games.  In the last six years or so the games that got a LOT of attention prior to release include Unreal, Unreal Tournament 2003, Unreal 2, Black and White, and of course, Doom 3.  As you can see from this list, not all of these games lived up to expectations.  Considering the tremendous amount of hype that heralded the return of Wolfenstein, does Return to Castle Wolfenstein live up to expectations?Mostly yes.  The graphics in this game are definitely good, and they seem to approach photo-realism in some ways.  It helps to run this game with a good video card, and I can tell you that although Return to Castle Wolfenstein was released in 2001, my Radeon 9800 graphics card still strains a bit if I turn all the settings up.  The sound, level design, weapons, and enemy AI all are very good too.Nevertheless, most gamers would agree that this shooter was not the milestone it was expected to be.  Some complained that the single-player adventure is mediocre, but I thought it was quite good.  I guess there's only so much you can do with a first-person action game, and if the previews in the PC gaming press get too exciting, one should expect a let down.So should you buy Return to Castle Wolfenstein?  If you like playing action games on your PC, then by all means get a copy.  At the price, you'll get a really good value because this game is as good or better than many of the newer, more expensive shooters.  Moreover, playing Return to Castle Wolfenstein can lend you an idea of how games evolve and how gamers react to them.
I'll be the first to admit that I bought in to the pregame hype surrounding Return to Castle Wolfenstein's release.  When the developers released their &quot;Storm the Beaches of Normandy&quot; level as a free multiplayer demo, they released what was probably one of the funnest online action multiplayer levels ever.  While the new multiplayer levels included in the full version do not disappoint, after playing them for some time, they don't seem to have the same replay value as the beach demo that was released.Return to Castle Wolfenstein surrounds a WWII theme of Nazis and the occult.  It comes with two versions: single player and multiplayer.  The singler player version is an adventure in the mold of Indiana Jones and your solo American G.I. must battle Nazis, zombies and witches.  The single player version has various missions with different objectives.  In one mission, you must eliminate a specific person, in the next you must infiltrate a Nazi compound while not being detected and in another you can find yourself searching for a lost archaelogical relic that will prevent the Nazis from obtaining power.  The single player missions are great fun and there are many weapons that are aquired throughout the levels with more lethal weapons available in the later levels.  Impressive weapons such as several sniper rifles, flamethrowers and a few others either invented by the programmers or in theme with the WWII atmosphere.  Return to Castle Wolfenstein allows fun gameplay elements such as sneaking up on Nazis in the middle of top secret conversations or fighting your way through levels with a knife to avoid making noises that will alert other guards.  Probably the biggest complaint I have about the single player levels is that there aren't many included on the CD and it's over before you know it.The second version available in Return to Castle Wolfenstein is the multiplayer mode and it comes with eight maps that you can play via the internet with other gamers.  The best thing about Return to Castle Wolfenstein's multiplayer mode is the teamwork required.  Most team formats in FPS games have the same type of soldiers with the same weapons available for all players. Not so in Return to Castle Wolfenstein. You must pick a class of soldier to play (soldier, lieutenant, medic and engineer) which reflects the weapons you are permitted and the special abilities you can use. Some classes start with more ammunition. Each class has a specific function in the multiplayer map you pick and must be used in unison with other players and their chosen classes to complete the team's objectives. While medics might be reviving fallen comrades, lieutenants can call airstrikes on enemy positions, soldiers can use flamethrowers to sniff out enemy bunkers, engineers arm dynamite to blow up strategic walls, etc...If the price of Return to Castle Wolfenstein was lower, I'd give it five stars in a heartbeat.  Unfortunately, the price was set by the game's developers to reflect the instant demand for a game hyped such as this.  Amazon.Com is actually one of the cheaper sources for Wolfenstein as I've seen retail stores that charge as high as sixty dollars for this long awaited sequel.The price shouldn't be an issue though if the game's developers follow through with some of their promises to release many more multiplayer maps and an official map editor that will allow gamers to create their own maps.  Already, websites have started releasing utilities for this game and it looks like it will have a healthy amount of mods (Modifications that either create or change new levels and gameplay elements.), new mulitplayer maps and other creative programs developed by fans around the world.Not a poor game by any means but I think PC gamers were expecting a little bit more for the price.  If you haven't done it already, download the free multiplayer demo available on the internet to see how fun the gameplay can be.  A game that is fun and entertaining and promises to be much more after the developers and fans have created many more new features for it.
You have probably heard this before, but the multiplayer part of this game ROCKS. It focuses on team-based action, with several character class that are used to support one-another. The multiplayer will make this game live on in imfamy and is alone enough to purchase it. The single player, however, falls short of a few elements that while don't bring it down entirely, they prevent it from being excellent.One thing is for sure: this game looks wonderful. Every detail is wonderfully captured with the quake 3 engine, and the flame effects are some of the best you have ever seen on your 16 inch monitor. It is ashame the developers didn't make the single-player game as wonderful as the graphicsThe most serious thing I think is the fact that the main character, B.J., doesn't say a frickin word in the whole thing. I didn't mind Gordon not saying a word, nor Lt. Powell, but that to let to immerse yourself in the game. B.J. has an attitude, but you rarely see it. It also seems that the developers did things to avoid him talking. Like instead of Rosevelt briefing him, he would tell some guy named Jack what he told B.J. to do. Why doesn't Jack do the frickin missions instead.The story is fine, but some of the cutscenes may make you fall asleep. This is cause of the fact that B.J. isn't in ANY of the briefings. They are just president Rosevelt talking to jack and 2 other guys, who wants to see that. This game is sopposed to borrow elements from &quot;No One Lives Forever&quot;, but I could watch a 6 minute cutscene from that game and listen to every bit of it. In this game a 1 minute cutscene seems to long.Everything else about the single player game is good (the mission design is exceptional) It still can only be considered a bonus for this game.
This is really Tekken 3.5 with a tag option making it the only Tekken tag option or any tag fight option outside of a WWF game for that matter. That is why one of the very first games ever made for the PS2 is still a gem to play today ...however Tekken is not what is used to be.To be honest Namco's Tekken entries since the initial release of the PS2 have done nothing but knock this fighter flat on its face, but before we get to the cons lets talk a little about the pros. Tekken Tag boasts 30 players, numerous fight settings and so the possible tag combinations between characters is almost unlimited making for plenty of variations in game play. This is why TAG is so good. Tekken provides about 50 moves for each character however some of the moves become frequently observed in other characters meaning that you start to see half of one's characters moves spread between three other characters. So if you are looking for more unique moves then really you should be looking towards Tekken 4, however TAG wins Tekken 4 in terms of its lifespan (even if you own Tekken 4 friends will still ask you to put this disc in), so the tag game play makes this game. Basically you must balance between the two characters health as you fight (the man-out regains health) meaning that on infinite time settings good players can really battle it out, however Tekken Tag does suffer from the old `this character is better than that character' syndrome, which to be honest, has never changed in any game series as some character moves are simply impossible to pull-off with years playing with them. TAG's graphics let it down badly. The background is visibly disconnected with the fighting platform (you can see the bad anti-aliasing moving out of sync with the background creating a dizzy fighting experience that is unpleasant on the eye. The fighters only look a little notch up from the PS1 Tekken 3 and their moves are not a whole pile changed. Although appearing fluid at first that illusion subsides very quickly, but you keep playing because the TAG option rulez it. Quite simply, you and your friends are going to be spending some time on this game even though it is not even remotely close to the kind of quality that Namco could deliver on... and believe it or not, Tekken 4 isn't a whole pile better either. This was made in 2000. It is now nearly 2005 and the PS2 has not had the good Tekken gamer it deserves which is sham because Tekken is only available on the PS2!Pros:- Tag!- 30 Characters and lots of fighting combinations.- Game with a very long lifespan.- Nothing else like it.Cons:- Not much better than PS1 graphics.- Terrible backgrounds.- Character strength mismatches.- Multiple moves shared with many characters.
Is Tekken Tag Tournament the end-all be-all fighting game?  No.  But it is an unqualified success as a game.  It takes much of what preceded it in the Tekken series and elevates it with eye-popping graphics and hip new sound.Now let me speak to all those who are griping.  Here is a fact: This game is DEEP.  Not a little, a LOT.  If you're complaining because you can only pull off a simple move, then you simply haven't spent enough time on the game to learn to love the intricacy of it.  It saddens me to think that the potential of this game is so huge that most gamers will only scratch the surface before their simple minds get frustrated and they go back to Barney-o, excuse me... Mario and suck their thumbs.  Tekken demands a lot from the player, and if you aren't willing to excel, then go buy Fuzzy Bunnies 5 for N64.  Only gamers need apply.And anyone who recommends Soul Caliber or DOA2 over 3T, I will say this.  If you need cartoon T&amp;A to get you to play a fighting game, you are a sad and pathetic human being.  DOA2's engine is a decent foundation, but any credibility gets thrown right out the window with the constant jiggle factor thrown in so the pre-teens can dream about handling the merchandise.And as for Soul Calibur (a great game, no argument there) I will say this: Weapon-based fighters are inherently inferior.  Great, one person stands on one side of the room, the other person stands on the other, and you both pull off cheesy moves without ever getting into striking distance.  And inevitably in weapon-based fighters, both players have &quot;special moves&quot; (Soul Calibur is guilty of this) that all but cripple your opponent's life-bar.  If you want to fight, hand-to-hand combat is the only way to go.  If you want to flail around with a sword twice as big as your body (Toshinden anyone?) while remaining out of range of the other guy, why bother?  It turns into a game of keep-away, not a strike-counterstrike effort.Yes, Tekken takes much of its gameplay from its predecessors.  It's called &quot;If it ain't broke, don't fix it.&quot;  The move-base is expanded though, and it is possible to use multiple styles with the same person, which rewards the user that cares to explore those possibilities.  So, long story short, Tekken Tag is as good as you want to make it.  The best fighting games are like that, merely a vehicle through which the skilled gamer builds their craft.And if anyone needs a hint, the most important thing to remember about the Tekken series is that the game is all about opportunity.  Try the practice mode to see what I mean.  Tekken is all about that split-second pause that occurs when your opponent is recovering from an offensive strike that he/she initiated.  THAT is the time to strike.  If you're approaching it fists up and flailing, you're going about it all wrong.  You've got to pick your spots, and seizing that split-second moment of weakness is the key to victory.Class dismissed.
Tekken has always been the social butterfly of the Fighting Genre.  This game offers a good time without the long term commitment.  You will likely love it and spend as much time with it as you can, but in the end you'll find it just lacks substance.Tekken Tag has a very small learning curve and it won't take very long to learn how to wield at least one character well.  That being said, many of the characters are similar, and the techniques you'll use against you're opponents don't vary much between fighters.  This makes it very easy to go in and slug away at opponents regardless of who you're using.  This of course comes at the cost of the likely outcome that you'll get tired of an opponent who falls for the same tactics every time.This game truly shines in PvP however, especially in multi-tap 4 person tag mayhem.  This truly is fun, and ranks this game as my favorite way to waste a night with a handful of friends.  The PvP is better than Namco's more recent Tekken 4.In general, if you're looking for a great, relatively inexpensive game that you can share with your roomates and have a great time with, look no further than the "Add to Shopping Cart" button above.  If you're looking for a great single player fighting experience, I'd recommend Tekken 4 or, even better, Virtua Fighter 4 (which is beyond amazing).  For [$] bucks however, you won't do much better than this.
Tekken Tag is the best out of the series, which you expect with it being on Playstation 2.  there are over 30 characters to choose from all with loads of new moves.  The appeal for twoplayers is immense as the two player mode is fantastic.  My friends and myself havent stopped playing this game for ages which im sure most of you wont be able to as well.
The newest member of the Tekken family debuts as one of the premier fighting games for the PS2. Tekken Tag Tournament's attention to visual detail and fun gameplay even outperforms its coin-op counterpart, making it a must-have title for fortunate PS2 owners. The cast of TTT is a who's who of the Tekken family. A total of 34 characters, including your favorite brawlers from Tekken 2 and Tekken 3, plus an original end boss. But this isn't just a Tekken family reunion; instead, TTT brings a new strategy to the ring with a &quot;tag&quot; system that lets you tag in a partner at any time during a heated round. Fighter duos can do major damage, alternating on the fly without interrupting the action, teaming up for insane multi-hit partner-swap air juggles, and delivering serious hard-hitting standing combos. Players will instantly notice the game's sharp graphics. Each area looks more polished than the arcade version's, with separate animations in the background; enhanced, well-drawn environments; and, of course, beautiful computer-graphic full-motion videos to tell the story. The character detail is also astonishing. From their diverse outfits to each of their unique animations, fighters are vivid and move smoothly without any slowdown. As for the audio, the sounds of TTT have been faithfully retained from the arcade. Crisp audio effects keep the action alive, while the cool techno tunes in each level are in harmony with the overall feel of the game. Fans of this ferocious fighter franchise, of either the arcade or home version, will immediately feel at home with the controls. Using just the top-four buttons, directional pad, and a shoulder button to switch between fighters, bruisers can execute devastating 10 hit-combos and bone-crunching linking moves. Even if you're a Tekken newbie, the Practice mode will quickly get you in shape, as it lists every special move, which the computer will demonstrate how to do if you're unsure what the move is supposed to look like. The only drawback is that you'll have to learn the big-hit combos on your own. Besides the Practice option, TTT also has special modes that you won't find in the arcade version. There are one-on-one vs., Team Battle, Time Attack, and Survival modes, along with an area where you can view the various Tekken cinemas, an art gallery, and a mini-game: Tekken Bowl. Namco has always been strong in the fighting genre, and Tekken Tag Tournament is no exception. While the game may be old in the arcades, it certainly looks and feels new for the home console, effectively exploiting the power of the PS2 with outstanding graphics, sound, and controls. This is a perfect addition to the PS2's burgeoning library.
for all you people who lost in tekkens before, you have a chance. you can control two people. if your about to die you can switch to someone else. you can choose all the people from the games before. i like this game alot but i still lose.
This game was a lot of fun.  It was a huge improvement from the days it was on the original Nintendo.  There's a bit of a challenge to this game, but not much.  I rented it first and I'm thankful that I did.  The game is fun, but it gets to be repetative after a while.  While your character gets stronger the game seems to get easier, a lot easier.  Personally, I like a game with a challege and this wasn't it.
I've played previous incarnations of Gauntlet and, I'll be the first to admit, you do see alot of Diablo and Baldurs Gate:Dark Alliance in it. Even so, you got to remember that Gauntlet has been around longer than all of them. Unlike those games, Gauntlet doesn't take itself too seriously and that is what makes it such a blast to play. Going from level to level hacking and slashing, figuring out puzzles, and trying to collect everthing you need to progress in the game is way cool. If I had any gripes, it'd have to be with the graphics. Although they were better than any previous Gauntlet released, I still don't think they harnessed the true power of the Playstation2. I think they coulda been alot better than they were. One thing is for sure, though, the graphics didn't look like N64 graphics. They were better than that but they coulda been better. Other than that, Gauntlet:Dark Legacy was awesome. Even better with friends, too. Definitely worth recommending to everyone. This game is fun, fun, fun.
First of all, you have to play this game with others.  It just isn't fun by yourself.  Some of the highlights are the voices (which are absolutely comical) and the physical transformation of the characters as they increase in levels.  The action is intense at times, and with all of the hidden extras, the replay value is very high.  The only downsides are that the characters can be hard to control at times, and when you play with too many people, the screen gets very cramped and it is almost impossible get anywhere.  But all in all, this is a great game to play with a bunch of friends.
Gauntlet DL plays just like the revamped Gauntlet Legends. It's a very cool action game to play with a couple friends and now you get to pick some of the better characters that were hidden in Legends (ex the Knight, Jester and Dwarf). It's still a very long game so you have to have a lot of committment for it. If you need just a quick little fix, then I would suggest a different title because this one is rather long.The graphics look just as good as Legends and the game plays almost to a T like it as well. For some people, that might be a bad thing because beyond that, you are pretty much playing Legends with different boards and more detailed scenary. It's still a great game, but for those of you looking for an UPGRADED installment of the Gauntlet series, it's unfortunately not in Dark Legacy because of the fact that it's still way too much like the original.Even so, check it out because you may like it. And of course, like I said, it's great with a few friends because that always shakes things up a little.
Guantlet, Dark Legacy is colorful and character operation is easy. There is a lot of fighting in real time, with nasty monsters throughout the game.  A wide variety of spells may be used by sorceress',  executed with ease by assigned buttons.  Slashing in the case of ... knights depending on your choice of characters.  There area wide variety to choose from.  I chose the yellow Sorceress.  A dynamite character with tons of power and the Blue Knight the second time through (not so strong but cute)The graphics in this game were fantastic.  Locations are huge and varied.  The main bosses for each world are challenging but not impossible.If I were to improve this very nice game I would add some movement abilities for the characters.  Maybe jumping and climbing.
This has to be one of the best strategy type multi player games that I have every played.  The graphics are pretty good and there is a action every place has enemys that are easy to beat and they all come at you at once, all you have to do is use magic or swing your weapon.  I would not recomend this game for a single player multi player is way better.
While the game is definately not bad, it just gets old too quick.  Even with more than one person it still ages.  Good try though Midway.
Gauntlet: Dark Legacy is Midway's update to Gauntlet: Legends. For those unfamiliar with Gauntlet, it's an overhead view, 3D hack and slash action game with a medievil theme. New features include 4 new realms, 4 new main characters, plus repolished graphics and gameplay. Rest assured, this PS2 version is a perfect translation of the arcade game. The designers have made some good decisions in adding helpful hints and tweaks to every aspect of the game. Each character can now perform a more powerful version of their standard attack to ward off stronger enemies, clues to find secret areas are littered across the playing field, and food items added to the shop all make this version of Gauntlet a more enjoyable experience. Even though the gameplay can still become monotonous after a while, there are more incentives than ever included to keep you playing. Lots of secret characters/items are available to search for, and certainly help add replay value. There are still a few graphical and hit detection glitches that could use fixing, but most are minor and don't detract from the gameplay. Dark Legacy isn't quite a true sequel, but I believe enough new features are included to make it worth buying even if you already own Legends.
This is a good game, and graphiclly it is pretty amazing. The hero looks too western to be a samurai though. Yes it is a resident evil clone. And for that it is a little sad. Capcom are showing that they have the talent to do excellent games. But they are having a tendency to do the same style of survival horror.  The graphics are great, but the characters are weak overall. Just that little bit two dimentional. But hopefully that will improve with an Onimusha II.  I don't like the distances between some save points and I don't like the way you can't skip movies. There are 3 trap/puzzel rooms in a row in one area and you have to view the movie each time.  The monsters go from being very cool, to just average and that is a bit of a pity. I would have liked to have seen more ninja based villans. The samurai villains are easy but cool.  I would have liked to have been able to play the girl ninja. She for most of the game takes a different route and that would have added alot to the lasting appeal.  The extra costumes are cool, although I was told there is a panda bear costume or something similar. Capcom for god's sake why? Give us another interesting costume rather than something just ridiculas.  I bought the game I am happy I bought it. It is worth buying and the PS2 has already had some nice Japanese samurai games. They are rapidly becoming my favourite type of game. I hope to see more of these cinematic style games.
Onimusha is very good, but let me say this:  I saw everything this game has to offer in 1 five day rental.  I actually played through it TWICE.  I had fun, was blown away by the graphics, but after I returned the game I never thought of it again.Onimusha can be compared to Resident Evil because it basically that same game only set in medival Japan.  Anyone who has played the RE series will certainly feel some deja vu.  You play a samuri warrior who must rescue a princess from a castle over run by zombies.  The graphics are beautiful but are still the same static shots.  However, the player models and little touches of smoke and such really make everything blend in together and seem more alive.  Combat is simple yet strategic and very fun, although it gets old after the second run thru.  Still, I enjoyed myself better than shooting zombies.  There are a few puzzles in the game, but nothing too hard.  The story, though, is very very simple, and a bit of a letdown.  You can tell they cut parts of the game to release it on time.I consider Onimusha a part of the Resident Evil series because it is SO similiar to those games.  Definitely rent it if you own a PS2, but I think you money is better saved for RE:Code Veronica...
Granted, we all thought this game lacked because it was only about 5 hours long. But, when you set down the controller after beating the final boss, you'd have thought you went through at least 10(most likely because you'll be playing it on and off). There's just so much story packed into those 5 hours.Another great quality is the graphics. Most of the time, you'll see a pre-rendered backdrop behind your character, something not too unusual if you've played alot of PC games in the 90's. It also leads you to pressing X to go up ladders, stairs, or opening anything interactive-fading to black, then reappearing with the object affected appropriately. Aside from that, later on in the game, backgrounds begin to move in a strangely beautiful animation, such as in the Dark Realm or out on a lake at night with a moon reflecting in the water. But what makes it beautiful is that it actually seems to be moving dynamically, rahter than some obvious loop. So it's not as painful as you think it is to not have the background move with the character. In most games, alot of developers screw that part up anyway.One final note on the graphics is that with Playstation 2's new engine, the character model looks almost exactly as detailed as a model in an FMV. And indeed, the game doesn't seem to find much use for an FMV transition, as the models look realistic anyhow.So, now that I've sold you on the graphics, let's talk gameplay. I felt that this was the only obvious feature that I had trouble with. Basically, you don't even need a Dual-Shock controller to play this game. It's all done with arrows, buttons, and the L R buttons for blocking and such. Well, that's not too bad. Except that left and right turns you left and right, while forward and backward makes you go, well, forward and backward. So, it's something to get used to, especially in battle. After playing the game for a few minutes, you get the feel for things.And finally, difficulty. This game can be one sick little monkey as you get farther in the game. The whole game runs off of the Resident Evil engine, which makes health and ammo hard to recover. You'll have to stick it out by using alot of your blocking and dodging skills, not to mention making the right attack at the right time. So, I guess it's good in that there is some skill required to beat it. But some bosses, and even just getting from place to place can be difficult without getting sliced or shot with arrows.I give this game 4 out 5 because it's everything I wanted in a good, involving story(as well as some side plots by reading pieces of a journal that you have to collect as you play), a steady theme, an excellent soundtrack, and a perfect legacy for the other sequels. It's not my favorite game, so it doesn't get a 5, but it's definitely something to look back on.
The fist game in a long time to have me drooling over it's graphics. The first of a small handful of PS2 games that genuinely look good. The voice acting is a bit too quiet though, and if you're dumb like me and turn the subtitles off you miss a lot of the dialogue. The overall story, however, is great. I rather enjoyed the way the story tried to tie into real Japanese history the way that White Wolf games try to tie the World of Darkness into our own creating a somewhat believeable horror story. The best part of this game, however, is it's fully orchistrated sound track, simply put it's one of the most amazing soundtracks ever written for a game.The puzzels and fetch quests are managable and you will not likely need a strategy guide for this game, not that it's easy, but if you take a few minutes to stop and think about what you're doing you can figure it all out on your own, which is nice. You feel so much smarter when you figure a game like this out on your own.For it's merrits, there are however some major flaws. The control scheme, once again Capcom refused to abandon the archaic Resident Evil style controls, which makes combat a little more difficult than it needed to be, but thankfully once you adjust to the agonizing control mechanics and build up your weapons and learn the magic spells and special moves it becomes easier, plus you can block and perry which is helpful. Devil May Cry is much better, but this was a good prelude. The game was also the first in what seems to be a trend in hotly anticipated titles that present a strong story, great graphics, great sound, but can be beaten in less than six hours, and is just flat out too short, way too short. I clocked in at about 2 and a half hours. I'd like developers to start making longer games again. Here's hoping for a longer sequel, and one that will play less like Resident Evil, and more like Devil May Cry.
This is a fun game that lets you play as a samurai (Samanosuke Akechi) and a ninja (Kaede) battling demons in feudal Japan. The premise alone is enough to draw in any lover of anime or beat-em up game fans. The game's story is straightforward, but keeps you interested with its endearing main characters and hideous villains (some of the dialogue can be cheesy at times, but one normally expects such a thing from a Capcom game). The warlord Nobunaga Oda has returned after seemingly being killed during a battle by a stray arrow that pierced his throat. He allies himself with demons and wishes to gain their power by offering Samanosuke's cousin, Princess Yuki, to the demons as a sacrifice. Samanosuke ofcourse, embarks on a quest to save her. The controls in this game were a little dated for its time, but they worked. You could only move the characters around with the D-Pad like the original Resident Evil games, but considering the game has fixed camera positions that look at you from all directions, using the analog stick would have made navigating the characters more confusing. Unlike the Resident Evil games, the combat is more fast-paced and actually lets you go toe to toe with the many demonic enemies you face by blocking or dodging their attacks and then slicing them up with one of several awesomely crafted mortal or magical blades. The main character Samanosuke Akechi is a mighty samurai who is given a powerful gauntlet that lets him absorb the souls of defeated demons, which in turn allow him to upgrade his magic weapons with more powerful elemental attacks (namely lightning, fire, and wind). He could also upgrade the magic orbs that provide him with his weapons to open sealed doors leading to new areas. He can even use a bow and arrow and a rifle, but both weapons have limited ammunition. The other controllable character, Kaede the ninja, isn't as strong or resilient as Samanosuke, but she's much quicker and more agile. She acquires one magical blade, but still possesses no elemental attacks. She also has only one ranged weapon, throwing knives/kunai. Playing as Kaede will make you feel more vulnerable when you face some of the tougher enemies, making you miss being Samanosuke, while at the same time giving the ninja's scenarios a slightly more tense feeling to them.Regardless of which character you're playing as, this game offers plenty of challenging yet fair battles, especially the boss battles (except the first one, which was quite easy). Another similarity this game has to the Resident Evil ones is the use of puzzles, which you'll spend at least half the game working on. None of them are too challenging, except for one intense puzzle sequence where you constantly switch between Samanosuke and Kaede to make it through a room with spike-filled trap doors; this is immediately followed up by a heart pounding race against time to free Samanosuke from a sealed hallway filling up with water by moving a collection of metal plates around in the right order until you put two specific pieces together to form a symbol which unlocks the seal. The game's music matches the current situations and locations nicely, whether you're in a dark and gloomy basement with creepy horror music in the background, or outside rescuing other (rather cowardly) samurai from demons with orchestral scores empowering you with a "saving the day" feel. The in-game graphics are quite good and give the characters (human or otherwise) a believable sense of weight and style. The CGI cutscenes are simply beautiful and combine with the awesome music to give you an enjoyable and memorable cinematic experience. The scene that plays after Samanosuke defeats the final boss is a personal favorite of mine and will most certainly give you goosebumps. This game is a perfect blend of survival horror and beat-em up action and while it is very linear and quite short (even first time players should beat it in no more than six hours), it's fun and memorable.
I really had no idea what to expect going in, with this one. On one hand it was produced by Capcom, one of my all-time favorite publishers, and even they had seen enough potential in it to immediately produce a sequel. On the other, if just due to the period in which the game was set, I was immediately confusing it with Nobunaga's Ambition, a military simulation game that's had about 1500 sequels and dozens of imitations in the decade or so since it was first released. I'm not a fan of military simulation. But within the first minute of play my suspicions and fears were whisked away. Onimusha had taken hold of me, and however hard I tried, I just couldn't put it down for long.As Samanosuke, you've returned from a horrifying battlefield to discover the princess you've spent your life protecting has been abducted. Naturally, you embark on a simple quest to rescue the princess from her captors. However, instead of battling enemy soldiers, Samanosuke finds himself mixed up in the middle of a fight between demons and humans, the undead and the living. It's like Resident Evil on a grander scale.However, the similarities to Capcom's original "survival horror" series extend well beyond the mere involvement of the living dead and related monsters. Truly, the bulk of the game itself may have been ported directly from the RE series. Onimusha is not a true 3-D platform title, your surroundings aren't totally navigable. You watch from an overhead view, as Samanosuke runs from one pre-rendered background to the next. As you run off the screen, the camera angle changes and a new background fills the screen.Much like The Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, your ultimate quest is to defeat enemies and use their very souls to enhance your own performance. The story explains this away as such; on their way to conquering the Earth, the demons made mortal enemies of ogres. Enraged, the ogres have chosen Samanosuke to represent them in halting the demons' plans, a sort of sweet scheme for revenge. They grant you a bulky attachment for your right arm, used to capture enemy souls, and send you on your way. If that sounds a little bit "out of left field", that's because it is... the storyline on the whole is overly confusing, generally silly and even occasionally ignored.In keeping with that trend, the voice acting takes poorly written dialogue and brutally drags it along the coals. These guys didn't even ATTEMPT to match what they were saying with their character's lips, and it's not an uncommon thing to see your character's gums flapping for a couple seconds after he's quit speaking. Despite their ability to pronounce all the characters' names correctly, the voice talent just isn't getting the job done here. I'd rather read subtitles than endure this.Fortunately enough, the graphics almost completely make up for the lack of compelling audio just by themselves. As a first wave title for the PS2, there were most certainly lofty expectations for this disc, and I'd wager it's exceeded even those. Onimusha is a brilliant visual treat, taking full advantage of what the new system had to offer. Even live-rendered scenes look exceptional, with blur effects, trailers following various light sources on the screen, and a well-designed rogue's gallery to hack your way through.Likewise, the FMV scenes in Onimusha, infrequent as they may be, are stunning. Though they haven't quite reached the level of perfection that Squaresoft seems to demand in their cinema scenes, Capcom's crew is giving the masters a stern run for their money. While the story may be a little on the light side, the real emphasis in these scenes is on dynamic poses and memorable moments. As the back story is explained, hundreds upon hundreds of soldiers march in slow motion, illuminated only by the moonlight, their spears extending a good six feet above their heads. It's an ominous visual, one that sticks with you long after the power button has been turned off.As a standard hack-n-slash affair, the gameplay doesn't exactly light the world on fire. If you've played Final Fight, you basically know what the deal is here, though battles do occasionally require a bit more strategy than that old Capcom standby. You're granted a limited amount of magic special attacks, which are best saved for major battles, and the rest of the game is comprised of madly smashing the square button, retreating before the enemy can attack you, and repeating. Interspersed throughout the land are a series of rudimentary puzzles, which range from "not entirely challenging" to "simple." You'll find a special item, hold onto it for a couple minutes, and then find the doorway or puzzle requiring its use. Again, nothing to write home about, but something that'll keep you occupied.My one major complaint about the game is its length. Perhaps I've grown a bit too used to RPGs that span upwards of ten, twenty, sixty hours before completion. I defeated Onimusha in four and a half, with relative ease. The end boss was a pushover, and I was never really concerned about being killed in that final battle. Though I did fall on three or four occasions, it was always due to my own stubbornness (I refuse to use potions and recovery items unless ABSOLUTELY necessary) and not any real difficulty built into the game itself. If you know how to press the "square" button and have retained any sort of knowledge from elementary school, you shouldn't have much problem defeating this one.Though it's heavily reliant on one battle system, things never seem to become monotonous. The scenery changes often, new enemies are introduced at just the right times, and there's a real epic, cinematic feel to this that can't be put into words. For all my words about what this game could have been, I think it's silly to overlook what it is. A solid, entertaining little package.
This game has really nice pre rendered backrounds and the best graphics for it's time. The moving around is easy because the camera angles don't effect how you angle yourself to move. Foward is always forward, nomatter how the camera has shifted. The puzzles aren't immpossible and the powering up system is awsome. Best survival horror game. More action. The voices aren't very good. The music makes up for it. Short, it only takes 4 and a half hours to beat. The plot is good and the levels are really cool. Extremely fun game and it is only $20.
"Onimusha: Warlords" must've blown people away back in 2001, but time has reared its ugly face on this first entry in a series that has spawned 3 sequels and 1 spinoff fighting game.  In many ways, this action title reminds me of "ICO" --- throughly engaging and never dull, but it's over before you know it.The gameplay is actually very easy to describe if you've played any of the "Resident Evil" games (besides "RE 4").  The player will use the D-Pad to navigate, while using 2 attack buttons to combat enemies.  There are even some "RE"-type puzzles and presentation (fixed camera, each room has its own loadtime, documents, etc.).  However, unlike Capcom's survival horror franchise, the controls ARE NOT clunky at all.  This game is faster-paced, and instantly grabs your attention.  There are very few stupid puzzles, and the weapons upgrades & item management is very simple.  Even when the game switches characters, or if you're lost...you know that you're supposed to be stuck.  "Onimusha" is a very user-friendly title."Onimusha" offers the choice of Japanese or Engligh language AND subtitles (a terrific feature).  The story is either too simple or too vague, but what I gather is this: As Samanosuke, you once fought along with General Nobunaga until he is killed in combat.  Then Nobunaga is soon resurrected by demons to take over the world, and it's up to you to kill him while rescuing a princess.  Sadly, the story doesn't get much more detailed than that.  This is almost like a Mario story with bloody hack-and-slash in Middle Age Japan.The story is ultimately what brings "Onimusha: Warlords" down a notch, even though there's a lot to like about it.  The combat is easy to master and never gets too complicated.  The graphics still hold up well.  The music is excellent, and the voice acting is equally strong.  But gamers don't get a chance understand the world they're playing in.  For a game involving civil war and the supernatural, "Onimusha" is very simple and feels very isolated.In first paragraph, I compared this game to "ICO".  It was deliberately vague about the story, and depended entirely on its gameplay.  It featured a massive world and 2 characters you wanted to spend time with, even if you had no idea who they were.  "ICO" remains an art-house indie title, and can be forgiven for its 6-hour length.But "Onimusha" feels like a sucker-punch.  We meet several characters who seem important, but are never fully explained.  We're thrust into a story we learn only by reading journals.  We battle supernatural forces who seem only to exist within the confines of a castle keep.  We have much to excited about, but experience very little after only 5 hours.  I don't mind games ending with loose ends.  "God of War II", "Metal Gear Solid", and "Halo 2" are masterpieces.  We didn't mind the ambiguous ending because we knew that an individual entry was a part of a larger universe.I have yet to play the sequels to this game, and I do intend on purchasing them.  But I urge gamers to be careful with this first installment.  I paid $4 & Tax at a GameStop store, and I still felt a little jipped.  "Onimusha: Warlords" is a solid action game with outstanding presentation.  It's never boring and always fun.  Just don't expect much after a few hours.Back in 2001, I would've given "Onimusha: Warlords" (8.75 / 10)But now it's 2008, and games have evolved.  I say (8.25 / 10)
Well, seems like price has lowered for this game after the X-box version has come out. At this new pricepoint, it's definitely worth picking up. Graphics are good as is the special effects. Controls might take some getting used to for some. It's pretty much a Resident Evil type of control except now you have swords instead of heavy guns. You have your choice of Japanese or English language with subtitles. The dubbing is actually pretty well done here. Doesn't seem like the typical bad martial arts dubbing. My one gripe for this game is the inability to skip past certain fmv scenes that you already viewed. It becomes kinda cumbersome if you repeatedly die at one point only to have to repeat certain scenes and puzzles again just to get back to the last puzzle you died on.
When I saw this, it looked like a Resident Evil-type game, only instead of zombies, there's demons and instead of guns, you use swords. I picked this up the other day and now I'm ready to give you, my loyal fans(if I have any), my opinion of Onimusha:Warlords. Now to start off, the graphics are a thing of beauty, even if the game's about 2 or 3 years old. Backgrounds are highly detailed, character models are stunning, and the CG intro is just nothing short of jaw-dropping. Music is pretty darn good too, but the English voice-acting is horrendous. I've set it to the Japanese acting instead of the English. Controls will take some getting used to unless you're a Resident Evil veteran. Once you get the control scheme down pat, it's all gravy from there. Only other complaint is game length, camera issues(like every single Capcom survival horror game) and English acting. I will mention that Onimusha does do a few things better than most games of this particular genre do(save for Devil May Cry). One is you can block attacks, death stab an enemy once it's down, and the swords are fun to use. I know this is a reletively short review, but it's a reletively short game. Overall, I still give it a 4 out of 5. This is Sean David, signing off.Until next time,Semper Fi, Carry On.
Onimusha Warlords is a decent hack n slash type of game,with some rpg elements to it.Even though this is an older game,the graphics are actually pretty good.The characters are cool and so is the setting along with the music.They all fit in perfectly for a game like this.The monsters look pretty cool too.My only little gripe with the game,is the controls.The controls can be a bit sluggish at times,and not being able to use the analog stick,just the d-pad makes it a little bit worse...but once you get used to it,it gets a little easier.Overall,Onimusha is a pretty cool game for anybody who likes hack n slash,action, and/or rpg types of video games.
when you had one of those hard days at work this the kind of game you come home too and just relieve stress,i know the puzzles sucks , but the game play is awesome yeaaaah!!! what can i say the graphics is beautiful and i will not comment on the character bad lip sync hey!!!!!!! i don't care , this game is fun violence plain and simple and i like that, sorry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and some of the boss characters are great all in all this deserve a 4 stars laterzzzzzz...........
Mafia is a good game very similiar to Grand Theft Auto games. It has a decent story to it you work for the mafia as a hitman and whatever else they want you to do (mostly their dirty work). It is a fun game and can be very enjoyable at times  My big problem with the game is it involves a lot of trial and error which can be extremely frustrating. Some of the missions in the game are pretty damn hard and you can get stuck on for hours some for days and the fact that you have to repeat them over and over til you complete them right can be very boring and annoying after a while. The game does not have a quick save but to its benefit it has autosaves(checkpoints basically) at certain points during missions. The price of this game is $10 nowadays making it well worth it to buy and check out.
Mafia is one of those games that allow you to explore every inch of the environment you're in. It is a 3rd person perspective player and the city you're in has virtually no limits. You can go anywhere you would like, pick up any car you would like.The story takes place back in the twenties if I remember correctly. You are a simple man, a cab driver that is trying to make ends meet when suddenly, one day opportunity knocks at your door. You help a mafia figure escape a shooting by a rival mob family and in return, you're offered a chance to do a few favors here and there.From there on, the story unravels. You become increasingly more trusted within the mob family, are being given more important and confidential missions and goals to complete.Great gameplay, great action, great storytelling and overall plot.By today's standards the game doesn't require much computing power, however, if your system is not relatively new, I would encourage you to read the system requirements on the box before you pick up this title. I remember last year when I played it it was a bit heavy on my then-6-months-old system.Also keep in mind this game has no multiplayer.
I have played this game a LOT since I got it, and I'm still not sure what to make of it.  One thing is certain - Black &amp; White is more of an experiment than a game.  The backbone of B&amp;W is a god RTS - you have little villages on tropical islands which you watch over as their guardian deity.  You can play either as Good or Evil or anywhere in between - anything you want to do is allowed.  To top it off, you have a gigantic creature (like a 50 foot monkey) acting as your pupil/pet in the world, which you can train to do your bidding.Your creature is definitely the highlight of the game - the Artifical Intelligence is revolutionary and absolutely amazing.  They watch watch you, imitate you, and learn from you.  You can teach them things like go find food when the village store is empty and poop in the fields instead of on people's houses.  Eventually I've heard you can teach them really complex tasks like planting and growing forests.  However, it takes hours of dedication to get your creature beyond the simplest of things.  To me, the pace of creature learning is just too slow.  Casual gamers will not get much from the game with only a few hours of playtime.  Also, the methods which the game expects you to communicate with your creature are usually hidden from you and often subtle.  Often my advisors would comment that my creature had learned something completely different from what I was trying to teaching him.Take away your creature (which actually happens on one level) and you have a generic, shallow RTS game, with limited options.  The hyped ability to play as either Good or Evil is also very shallow and limited.  Both sides have to impress villagers into worshiping them - Good gods do so by casting Good miracles, Evil gods cast evil miracles.  That's all there is to it.  There is no strategy except to train your creature to do your work, so that you are effectively 2 places at once.  Supposedly the land would change to reflect your alienment, but the only thing I have witnessed is my temple growing horns when I'm evil, and doves circle the temple when I'm good.  Many promised features of the game obviously did not make it into the final release.The single player story mode in Black and White is very good yet riddled with bugs and uncertain goals.  Constantly you are presented with moral challenges that push you to do good while testing your patience.  For example, 3 lazy sailors need help getting their boat afloat, but they are so annoying in their songs that you will certainly be tempted to chuck the little twerps out to sea without their boat.  Then there are quests which are so vague you don't know what to do, or at least logical solutions do nothing.  Plus, many many bugs seem to halt your progress as well.  One quest with some stolen cattle I completely on my first play thru, but on my second time around the same actions did nothing. ???In the end, I'd recommend you buy the game after the patch comes out, just to see what the fuss is about.
This is one of those games, like the sims, that is very much a non-game and that tends to divide people into two groups.  What does it have going for it?  Great graphics and music, a great mood; awesome AI, novel idea, engrossing (at first).  What's not to like?  Controls (especially the idiotic fighting mode and the use of leashes) are clumsy, villager AI is set on sub-cretin mode, and it focuses too much on micro-management of your people, which undermines the whole &quot;god&quot; concept, turning the game into a variant of simcity or civilization, and not in a good way.  This game was amazing for the first few hours, then got tedious and repetitive.
The initial concern I had with this game is the potential controversy this title could generate.  On the cover you're seeing a bloodstained little girl wielding a knife and lately the game companies have been churning out FPS games that rely more on excessive gore and satanic references than anything else.  Fortunately, I can say this game is a creepy enough to deserve the &quot;M&quot; rating (definitely not for small children), but the emphasis is on the surreal and the violence is not terribly overdone.  Other reviewers report bugs.  Visual glitches?  Haven't seen any.  I have a P266 with 128MB RAM and a Voodoo3. With the settings down to a minimum the game runs fine with the exception of some of the fight scenes where the framerates get choppy. I may have to break down (finally) and upgrade.  I think the system requirements Amazon listed are incorrect.  I wouldn't suggest getting it unless you have at least a P350, 128MB RAM and a fast video card (3DFX or NVidia).Visually, this game is chock full of eye candy.  Clocks sway back and forth, steam churns out of the chimneys of mushroom houses, and Alice makes her journeys through giant gardens, castles, outer space, and swirling tunnels and passageways reminiscent of the Twilight Zone.  Lots of color and lighting effects - I'm going to go out on a limb by saying it's the most beautiful game I've seen yet.The gang's all here - from the white rabbit to the cheshire cat to humpty dumpty, everyone's been rendered and animated in painstaking detail.  Most of the game's characters (and maybe their programmers) have spent less time eating and more of their time in the clubs, tattoo parlors or on drugs as hinted at by the game's L-oad S-ave D-elete screen.  The voice acting is well done and the music, infused with a combination of bells, xylophones, and children's wind-up toys, is especially atmospheric.  Another nice feature is the super-quick quicksave which easily allows you to return to where you last left off.The gameplay, on the other hand, is remarkably normal.  I spent the first part of the game jumping around on all these places I wasn't supposed to be and tried hacking my way into mushroom houses or into caves and passages I thought I could fit in.  Eventually I realized the game plays like your basic linear FPS.  The only difference?  There's a madness meter that drops based on how much she uses her weapons.  If she whacks too many people and it drops to zero, Alice is reduced to just using her knife for reasons I'm still unclear about.  There's a sprinkling of puzzles here and there, mostly platform jumping or switch flipping, but nothing too difficult (good!)  Overall, I'd have to say the gameplay is probably the weakest point of the game.  There just isn't much to do.  Quake or Unreal players wanting fast action are going to be disappointed.  Instead, you more or less wander from place to place, checking out the scenery, defeating whoever is in the room, then figuring out where to go next.That's not to say it's not fun to play - at the time of this review it is still one of my top picks and good enough to deserve 4 stars.  It's just not one of those games that's going to keep you up all night like Half Life, Civilization or Command and Conquer.  Perhaps that's a good thing?If you want the eye candy, get this game.  If you're more into gameplay, check out No One Lives Forever.  Hope my review helped!
McGee's Alice is a unique recasting of the Alice in Wonderland mythos into a game context.  I'm sure the reader is already aware that this Alice, and this Wonderland, is horribly twisted by Alice's inability to deal with the tragic deaths of her parents.  Alice follows the white rabbit once again and finds herself faced which the terrible task of cleansing and healing the world of Wonderland.The task is made harder because, in order to heal Wonderland, she must heal herself.  To do that she must conquer fear, guilt and anger.  In Wonderland's terms she must slay the Red Queen, who is really the reflection of Alice's own pain.The game interface is smooth and transparent.  The disturbing artwork is truly superb.  All the characters have lost their innocence and appear as distorted caricatures of their originals.  The world itself is incredibly fantastic, rich in imagination and detail.  The game may be worth its cost simply as eye candy.To me, the game's really serious flaw is that it's story and action is on a very adult level, but the level of challenge it offers is low.  Now, I am not a regular hack and slash player, so the ease and linearity of Alice's challenges were really welcome and allowed me to enjoy the visual and narrative parts of the game.  But experts used to Deus Ex and Quake Tournament will find the game too simple.  Levels are completely linear, and the weapon set is limited in features and utility.  The only challenge is keeping a big enough supply of 'will' (the game's equivalent of ammo) to keep shooting.  Despite the violence and traumatic plot, the game would work best for a 7 to 9 year old.  Actually the violence the game offers is really only moderately graphic.  I'm not sure that the mature player warning is completely justified.Still, most collectors will want to own this game.  And most players will find it enjoyable.  The storyline itself is very touching, with a strong, positive ending.  As American McGee's first solo effort it promises much for his continued career.  I'd recommend buying it even with its flaws.
I've beaten American McGee's Alice more times than I can remember.  For a time there, it was incompatible, but for those of you looking to blow the dust off those old discs, I have good news:  it works in Windows 7.  No Compatibility Mode tweaking or other fiddling necessary:  I just stuck in the disc, ran the installer, and was good to go.  You won't find a stunning max resolution, but you can force newer tweaks through the nVidia Control Panel using the "Application-specific" settings.To that end, I've gone back down the rabbit-hole, and now I'm going to take you along with me.  American McGee's "Alice" was designed to tell a newer story from Lewis Carroll's classic:  Alice's family perished in a terrible fire.  Alice has gone mad with grief and survivor's guilt.  You are Alice, returned to a weeping Wonderland that begs for her to set it right.This third-person shooter uses a variety of clever weapons, from croquet mallets that bludgeon one way, alt-fire an electrified croquet ball another...to the very magical Blunderbuss if you can find it in its secret location.  The many creatures that menace Alice are a combination of folklore (fiery imps, a witch who would eagerly eat you) to book-lore (the Jabberwock, the Mad Hatter), and unique creations in between (creepy dollface spiders, a centipede with a German soldier's helmet and flaming eyes).The environments are interesting, and the voicework is for the most part ahead of its time (which puts it close to the professional-polish we get in newer games today).  There are some problems you would expect from an older game, such as a difficult jumping mechanic and occasional button-lag, but otherwise the slow climb through the many interesting levels make it all worth the effort.If you have (or are considering purchasing) this title, you will find an enjoyable dark gothic tale with color and imagination.  Graphics only get so good, but gameplay makes up for it.
This game has a great solo campain but the multi-player is where it is at in my opinon. There is a lot of weapons to choose from as well as characters and unlockables.Gameplay: Pretty straight foreward. I have found something cheap in it with the AI. They are cheap when with fully automatic weapons you hear a bang and you are dead. Well that is how it is for me.Sound: Pretty real... not much more to say..Story: Not to complex.Overall: A great buy for the multi-player. The single player is fine but no where near as fun as the multi-player.
Rare couldn't hold onto the James Bond licensing rights forever and when it expired, EA Games jumped at the chance to be the next company to make the next James Bond game. They enlisted the help of Eurocom to develop The World is Not Enough and it was released to the Nintendo 64 in 2000. Based on the movie of the same name, James Bond is out to stop a terrorist who has nothing to lose from causing destruction. Choose from the main story mode (14 stages all based from the movie locations) or the multi-player mode (up to 4 players play against each other or in teams with customizable match options to boot.) Completing missions in the main story mode unlocks its equivalent in the multi-player mode and beating missions under a certain time limit and difficulty level unlocks multi-player characters and modifiers. After each mission is complete, you have the option to save your progress on a memory pack (if you don't, you'll lose any progress once you turn the game off.)The PROS: The fact that there are similarities between this game and Goldeneye 007 is not a coincidence: High production values, spot on controls, the way you unlock bonus content and 4 player support are what you'll find here that you saw first hand in Goldeneye 007. Like Rare, Eurocom took its time in making this game and that's one of the main reasons this game turned out good. Add in digitized speech from all of the main characters, expansion pak support (higher resolution & smoother graphics) and A.I. controlled bots for multi-player matches (a la Perfect Dark) and it makes it an even more enjoyable game to play. When you are done with the story mode, grab some friends for 4 player matches against each other or in teams. There are enough options to customize each match to your liking and it will keep you and your friends busy and it's fun too.The CONS: TWINE comes real close to duplicating the fun times players had with multi-player matches on Goldeneye. It just feels different this time around and there's an odd quirk thrown into the mix: every match cannot have all players use "good" characters; one person must pick an "evil" character before the game allows you to play. Why Eurocom programmed this stipulation into the multi-player mode is anyone's guess and shouldn't be there to begin with.While The World is Not Enough is not Goldeneye, it's a good James Bond game that surprised everyone. It's based on a good movie and follows it closely while packing in unlockable bonus content and a 4 player multi-player mode that makes it a worthwhile title for the N64. This one is worth owning and if you choose to get it, make sure you have a memory pack and an expansion pak (they will come in handy, no doubt.)