If Mario 64 was good than Banjo was Mario perfected.Amazing game.Another gem from years ago that I played start to finish multiple times.Amazing levels.Perfect control.Great but hokey music.Some people were annoyed by the "voices".I thought they were hilarious.The camera does get a little crazy here and there but this was 3D platforming in it's beginning and really, the camera is about as perfect as a 3D platforming camera can be.To summarize...Great gameplay.Awesome graphics for the time.An ending riddle that had me looking for a way in for weeks on end.(A real bummer that the two games DIDN'T link after all).That's probably the biggest disappointment that all those mystery areas were never revealed by the N64.Otherwise....another great platformer from the golden age of platforming, collect a thons.Highly recommended.
This is one game that will test your skills, on how to figure things out, but if you want to take the easy way out you can always get bottles the neer sighted mole's help. One thing i like about this game is that when Bottle & Kazooie confront each other they always throw smack at each other which makes the storyline more funnier. This is a pretty cool game, it's worth buying. I had fun playing it, i will buy it.If you liked this game check out all of the other Banjo & Kazooie games.
Goldeneye 007, Killer Instint, The Donkey Kong Country series, Conker, Diddy Kong Racing....those were the good ol' days when Rare was still relevant.  Before they sold their souls to Microsoft and lost all credibility.  And in my opinion, the peak of Rare was with the Banjo games (kazooie & tooie) on Nintendo 64.  Kazooie, to me, defines the N64 3-D platformer.  While many will say Mario 64, which is a near perfect game.  I think the Nostalgia sometimes forgets how much BETTER Banjo Kazooie was.  Back in '98 rare was on a roll.  This game was yet another grandslam.  A brand new franchise, cut from scratch.  And it's absolutely amazing.  I won't go into all the details and story as my fellow reviewers have already made clear.  All I can add is this game is easily one of the best games of the late 90's.  It was a game I picked up and loved immediately.  My only question is WHAT the **** happened to rare?!!  They were so amazing with Nintendo, then dropped bomb after bomb for the X-Box consoles.  I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, so don't even go there.  But Rare took a big dookie all over this series with the newer games on Microsoft consoles.  The 1998 game will always be the best.  And I hope someday the brothers who originally ran Rare will comeback to bring the infamous "Banjo Threeie" to life on any console!!
Positive:+ gameplay is very deep with new elements added all the time+ worlds are very diverse and have a lot of content+ music tracks are great and change in style when you're in different spots+ sharp controls that work well for the most partNegative:- you have to start your note count every time you re-enter a world- camera doesn't always give you the best view you needSuper Mario 64 revolutionized the 3-D platformer; and the amount of people who would deny that are probably fewer than the words in this sentence. But when a revolution comes, what's the point of it being so revolutionary unless something comes of it later on? In video games, a game is a revolution indeed when other games take the basic model and take it to a whole new level, and possibly delivering a game that's even better than the root. Whether it really is a beneficiary of the beloved Mario 64 or Rare is just really, really good at making games, that is where we find Banjo-Kazooie.Games of the platforming genre aren't exactly known for their amazing stories, and Banjo fares no different. Banjo's little sister Tooty is kidnapped by the stereotypical green witch Gruntilda. She has some sort of weird machine that will supposedly transfer Tooty's beauty to herself, and this will leave Banjo's poor sister ugly in the process! So Banjo and his grumpy bird friend Kazooie (who for some reason lives in Banjo's backpack) set out to Gruntilda's lair to save Tooty. The story doesn't take itself very seriously at all but there's a great, humorous tone to it that more than makes up for the lack of depth.The game doesn't move from place to place at all; the whole thing takes place in Gruntilda's huge lair, key word being 'huge.' This one location is just so big but perfectly balanced with the ease of traversing that it makes the perfect setting for a platforming game. There is a whole lot of variety within the mountain lair, with a sewer, swamp, graveyard, and many other spots. The areas of different theme will almost always take you to one of the game's nine worlds, which are all big, diverse, and have a lot of stuff to find. You'll find yourself at a mountain to begin the game, then moving on to a beach, and later a snow area and haunted mansion-like world, and so on. The game never really runs out of new material to throw at you, which is really nice, even if most of the themes are found in many other games of the genre, too.Another way Banjo always keeps itself fresh is with the moves you can learn. In most of the levels you can find a mole named Bottles who will teach you a new move if you can find him. These moves are sometimes confined to certain spots or items you can put on, and they all work together perfectly to make the game progress logically. You have to unlock some of these abilities, such as flight and invincibility, to get deeper into Gruntilda's lair, and also to accomplish more in the worlds. The game controls very well too, even with all the added moves, and it doesn't get too complicated. One issue though is with the camera, which you can control the angle of but you still sometimes can't get the viewpoint that's just right for a room or area.But the core of the game stays the same, no matter how many moves you learn or different worlds you visit. The main objects to collect are jiggies, which are basically pieces of jigsaw puzzles that, when put together, open the door to a new world. Ten of these can be found in each level along with 100 notes, which open up doors to new areas of the lair. Unfortunately the game's note total is merely a combined high score of how many notes you collect in each level; each time you re-enter a world the note count restarts. This is pretty annoying sometimes, and it would have been nice to just keep all the notes so you don't have to recollect all of them again to advance your total note count. Thankfully the jiggies are extremely well-balanced as far as how hard they are to get; in the first world most of them are sitting on the ground like Easter eggs, but as you progress through the game you have to work much harder to earn your way to more worlds.Graphically Banjo kept up to date well enough. The visuals are just a tad choppy, but they still look good enough, and that sort of thing happened all the time in the N64 era. Sometimes objects that are a little ways away won't appear on screen until you get closer, which thankfully doesn't prove to be too annoying but still would be good if fixed. Despite these few flaws, though, the graphics look great considering the times.One of Banjo's shining areas aside from gameplay is the sound. The characters speak in a gibberish sort of language (with text shown on the bottom of the screen) and this might annoy some but it's still good to add personality to each character. The sound effects are all good too, no complaints there. The really cool part of the sound, though, is the music. The tracks are cool enough as they are, but when you're standing on a different spot or in a different area, like if you're under water or at the entrance to a different world, the music style and sound totally changes while keeping the same song. Then as you exit the spot the music transitions back to the normal style, and this effect may sound small without actually hearing it but trust me when I say it's really, really cool.Mario 64 may have been the revolution, but some of the games that derived bits and pieces from it were possibly even better, in my opinion. Banjo-Kazooie is one such game, adding a lot of depth and value to an already proven formula. It may not be the game everyone looked to for inspiration in the game-making world, but Banjo-Kazooie is a real gem from Rare's glory days on the N64, and it makes me want to play the sequel even if it is ten years old.Gameplay: 9.5Graphics: 8.5Sound: 9.5Camera & Control: 8.5Value: 9.5FINAL SCORE: 9.2/10
All in all, this is the best platform game that I have played in a long time. Of course, it follows the basic formula of a platformer - kidnapped female, evil castle, jump on enemies, etc. But the reason the formula still exists is due to the fact that, occasionally, it works really well. Banjo-Kazooie is a case where the cliche works to perfection. Although we question Nintendo's blatant violation of the genetic cloning ban put in place by the president, they did so for a good cause, and a damn good game.
Like Super Mario and Donkey Kong this game is a classic. The good gameplay and graphics pay off.  This is worth the money.
This is one of the best games out there, it's a classic. Banjo-Kazooie is one of the rarest and hard to find games ever, The story is really good. A witch kidnaps a beautiful girl and wants to be the prettiest of them all. Her brother and his pal Kazooie have to save her. While its a relatively easy it can still be hard in some places and there are cheat codes to help you along the way with things like Gold feathers, Red feathers and Eggs. However if you quit and save your game then the cheat has to be reentered. While the game does have it's flaws its still really fun to play. The game essentially is very easy next to its sequel game, Banjo Tooie. The levels all relatively easy, however it is very easy to die in this game, on top of that like other reviewers on Amazon have said about dying and losing notes and recollecting them is toldly true. Clarkers Cavern was the worst because you only have 6 things of air and have to get extra air, from a fish blowing bubbles. The level that is the most challenging of them all was Click Clock Wood. Because of going from the changing seasons and having to grab notes from all seasons that was tough for me. However the most challenging and difficult part of this game, is beating Grunty herself. That is the most challenging part of this game. because you have to hit her with eggs and unfortunately its a huge flaw on Rare's part for not putting a homing shooter like they do in the sequel game. Overall despite it's many flaws Nintendo and Rare have done an excellent job making a game that is graphically pleasing, and the gameplay is awesome. Buy it you won't regret it.
This is one of my all time favorite games. The characters are likeable, with hilarious dialogue and an intriguing story. Also the music is some of the best I've ever heard in a video game. Also, the graphics and sound are great for N64. The controls are CRAZY precise for N64, and MAN is this game challenging! There are lots of secrets to uncover and special power ups to unlock. If only Microsoft hadn't ruined Rare...
Now that Banjo & Kazooie is over five years old a sequel now exist and there is likely another game coming. HOPEFULLY! The game only for the N64 is one of the most amazing platformers ever. In fact it's one of the most amazing games in any genre period. It took a while to beat the game, but it was well worth it. If your not familiar with B & K, let me explain.. Banjo is a bear with a handy backpack. Kazooie is a bird who hangs out in Banjo's backpack. With the many special moves Kazooie pops out of the pack quite a bit. Together they work through many HUGE levels collecting items like puzzle pieces (100 hidden through out the entire game), musical notes (100 on each level), little Jinjo people (5 on each level), there are also Mumbo skulls to find, they allow you (once you have the required amount) to change form, you must visit the mumbo skull guy quite often. Changing form is mandatory, for instance B & K cannot fit into some smaller places. Turning into an ant allows you to go into a small hole where prizes are not reachable otherwise. Vast and adventurous, B & K is impossible to dislike even if your not a fan of platformers. Even if your just watching, it's entertaining. I'll give you an idea of how effective the story is. BANJO & KAZOOIE is THE WIZARD OF OZ of vidoe games.
I have never played anything like this since. Everything from Sly  Racoon, to Ratchet and Clank, owe it to this.Wicked witch Gruntilda takes Banjo's sister to hey layer, miles away in a realistic 3D cartoon world.Banjo is a bear with Kazooie a bird in his backpack that can help him jump and fly and basically you learn to do lots of things with it. You solve puzzles via action and collect tolkens across lovely maps. Mumbo Jumbo transforms Banjo into some other creatures along the way. You can fly. It was amazing. A full adventure all the way to end. We played it for months and I have NEVER played anything like it again. The makers of Donkey Kong released it at the best time. It is now up to the future generations to make adventure concepts better than this one. This is one of the best N64 games ever.
Banjo-Kazooie is an action adventure game in the style of Super Mario 64. However, it is similar, yet also quite different. Rather than having most of the skills you need at the beginning of the game, you learn a few in the very beginning, and then learn the remaining skills throughout the first six worlds (there are nine, but they are much larger than the fifteen in Mario 64). Notes are like coins, and jiggies are like stars. However, rather than six stars in each world, there are 10 jiggies to find in each world, and 10 in the witch's castle (much like the castle secret stars). Also, you can transform in five of the nine massive levels with the help of the crazy witch doctor Mumbo-Jumbo. Generally, it will help you get at least 1 Jiggy in the world, and they can do things that Banjo and Kazooie can't on their own. Throughout the game, you get to transform into a termite (level 1), an alligator (level 4), a walrus (level 5), a pumpkin (level 7), and a bee (level 9).The nine massive worlds are each very different from eachother. But how fun are they? Well, they're all very fun to play in, mainly because the tunes in each world really match the mood, from eerie funeral dirges to peppy shipyard music, this game has that and then some. Overall, I highly recommend it. If you read my previous review of the game Banjo-Tooie, you'd see why I enjoyed the sound effects so much. Once more, I highly recommend this game.
This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter but since she was home for the holiday week-end I had her check it out.  Everything works great.
After Rareware turned GoldenEye into a system-seller for the Nintendo 64, it broke out again with the action-platformer Banjo-Kazooie. An ugly old witch named Gruntilda has taken Banjo's sister Tootie and plans to suck the beauty out of her. Banjo and Kazooie (the bird that lives in his backpack) must brave Gruntilda's fortress to get Tootie back.The plot is a little sugary and kiddie, but it's really just an excuse to send gamers on a Mario 64-style adventure, where completing tasks and puzzles in worlds will open up new worlds to explore. Yes it's pretty much a clone of Mario, but at the same time it refines and enhances the Mario formula. Players have more unique special moves at their disposal, and these are much more essential to navigating the environment and solving puzzles. Worlds are beautiful, creative, and expansive, tossing you into a room with a giant shark, a huge snowman, or a forest where you can actively move between the seasons. It's all topped by memorable music that changes to fit the environment, fades, or grows louder depending on where you are in the stage.This is a game that has aged gracefully. Yes it's on an old system, but the art design and music still hold up well like the classic Mario titles, and gameplay is solid. A masterful experience thats supplemented quite well by its sequel, Banjo Tooie.
First off I've only owned two Crash Games. The first Crash Bandicoot and Wrath of Cortex for the PS1. I played a demo for Warped on my Spyro the dragon game and wanted it ever since. I bought it on Amazon and its safe for me to say that...THIS IS THE CRASH I KNOW AND LOVE!^_^For those who don't know Crash Bandicoot first came out in the 90's as a standard, straight-forward platformer. You're a mutated Bandicoot named Crash who escapes from the evil mad scientist Dr.Neo Cortex and must go back to save your girlfriend. In Warped Dr. Cortex now works for Uka Uka (The brother of Aku Aku) an evil mask that wants to destroy crash and take over the world. He instructs Cortex to go through time and collect Crystals and Gems that hold extreme power. Crash has to literally race through time and jump, spin, and dance his way through time to retrieve them before Cortex gets ahold of them.This game is just as fun as the first one. It brought me back to a time where video games concentrated more on gameplay and content rather than graphics which games today seem to concentrate almost too much on. The controls are spot on. You can build momentum for jumps, move in any direction, and really I never had problems with the controls even in the first Crash. One thing I REALLY love about this one is that I don't feel bad when I die! This game has some really interesting death scenes rather you're forcibly kissed by a frog that changes into a prince, eaten by lions, thrown into the screen by a two-headed fat person, or so on. When I finish the game I plan on seeing how many ways I can die:) Some worlds replicate each other but are harder and take more and more skill to get through. The boss battles are really diverse and take strategy, timing, and skill to get rid of. I must confess I found the first boss and 2 worlds extremely easy. Its not until the 3 that the game just goes "F*** this! I'm gonna make your time a living hell"! Its still way easy so far compared to the first game though which really did what I said above. I also noticed something that first caught my attention in Wrath of Cortex. The game seems extremely open when it comes to lives. Seriously I'm not even half way through the game and all ready up to 50 almost. I guess I'm that good at playing. Im definately buying the second one.I admit I'm disappointed at the way the turn the series have made. I wish they kept it as a patformer and just added maybe some adventure elelments to it like they did Twinsanity (even though its glitchy as hell). Naughty Dog where did you go? Crash Bandicoot Warped is just what I expected it to be. Its funny, addicting, challenging and overall just shows graphics don't make the game, but its content and gameplay.
This is one of my favorite games of all time.  In this game, there are 30 different levels that are mostly composed of the same 3D Crash levels that we're used to. Some levels, however, you get to use a biplane, motorcycle, or Jet Ski. Like the previous versions of Crash, you have to collect crystals and gems.  Now, you can also collect a relic for having the best time.  The music is fun, the controls are easy and it's just an overall great game for any age.
I can't even begin to explain how much I love this game as well as the second Crash Bandicoot game(I haven't played the first game yet) because they are so much fun with lots and lots of humorous levels and disasters.Bandicoot is a marsupial on a muey dangerouso quest to collect 25 crystals and 25 relics in a quest to stop Dr. Neo Cortex and Aku Akus evil twin Uka Uka's quest to take over the world.There are so many things that make this game so addictive,.1. The music. It's so hilarious2. The complex levels3. The graphics are so awesome4. The way Crash dies (I.E. falling off screen and his shoes fly up and fall back down, being sucked into a giant spinning vase and the lid closes on top of it)By God to really even explain how great this game really is is difficult for me.Like Sonic the Hedgehog was for Sega, and Mario was for Nintendo, Crash is for the Playstation.In this day and age of excessively bloody and violent video games the Crash Bandicoot series is a great sigh of relief. I tend to enjoy sillier cartoonish games like this. I will never tire of this game.
Graphics: 10/10 - The best visuals of the series! The colours shine fantastically and it all looks stunningly beautiful. The characters are clear and the game has backgrounds I could feast on.Sound: 9/10 - Great uses of evil voicing and fantastic sound editing detail makes Crash 3's sound get a notch up.Value: 10/10 - You'll be begging for more!Overall: 10/10 - Fantastically detailed game that mixes genres and characters into a big story that erupts with fabulous enjoyment. In short: buy it.
Well let&#8217;s end the Crash Bandicoot trilogy on PlayStation with Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. This game was released in 1998 and was once again, developed by Naughty Dog, published by Sony Computer Entertainment and distributed by Universal Interactive Studios. It was originally a PlayStation exclusive but was later re-released as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation Store.The game&#8217;s story takes place immediately after the events of the second game in which the ruins of the Cortex Vortex come crashing down to Earth and lands on a temple unleashing an evil entity known as Uka Uka who is Aku Aku&#8217;s evil twin brother; Aku Aku is the mask that helped Crash out in the first two games. Uka Uka joins with Doctor Neo Cortex and Doctor Nefarious Tropy as they plan to gather Crystals in their original places in time and use their energy to enslave the Earth.The game is once again a platformer with pretty much the same kind of controls as the second game. You can not only play as Crash but also as his sister Coco who was a supporting character in the second game. You travel back and forward in time to gather the 25 Crystals from the previous game in their original places in time before the enemy does; but don&#8217;t worry, the levels are completely different from each the second game. The game takes place in the Time-Twisting Machine which acts as the hub area of the game. The machine is split into five chambers with only the first chamber being available at the start. Each chamber has five buttons that open portals to different levels. The goal is the same as the second game; obtain the crystal hidden in the area. Some crystals can be obtained in the middle of the level or by completing a certain task such as winning a race. The gems are also back and can only be obtained by destroying all the boxes, or completing a hidden level or task. Once you obtain the five crystals in a chamber, a sixth button will appear that warps you to a boss who will fight you in order to get the crystals back. By defeating the boss, the next chamber will become available to play. By defeating a boss you unlock a new power, there&#8217;s the Super Slam which makes your body slam more powerful, the double jump, a tornado twister which lets you glide for a short period, a bazooka launcher which can be used to destroy crates or enemies or collect fruit and one ups and the running shoes which allow you to sprint.The newest main feature in the game is the &#8220;Relics&#8221; which can only be retrieved in a time trail mode for every level in the game. After you obtain a level&#8217;s crystal, you can go back to the level and collect the yellow clock at the beginning to start a time trail. The goal is to reach the end as fast as you can, but there are some differences: There are yellow time boxes that when destroyed will stop the clock for a short period of time, there are no checkpoint boxes so if you die, you have to start the level from the beginning; but there are plenty of Aku Aku masks to help you and that&#8217;s pretty much it. It proves to be very challenging and getting the Platinum relics is insanely difficult and even I never managed to get all of them.This game proves to be the best one in the entire series and one of my favorite games overall, period. I would highly recommend getting this game off the PlayStation Store for $6, this is a MUST PLAY. It really is one of the best.FINAL RATING:  10 out of 10
This game takes months to get 100% completion. The new feature in this is getting time rellicks(by doing level fast)and swimming. In Crash 1 you get Balders after you sometimes, in Crash 3 you get a dinosaur, I prefered being chased by a balder and when it squashed Crash it went into the screen but you don't get it in this.BUY this if you want a platformer(after Crash 1 and 2).
Even though this game is so good,I think you should get Spyro 1 first.Spyro the Dragon gets you to a demo that leads to this.I know you'll like it.If you have Spyro 1 then try the demo!That is what I did.
I got this game when I was like..6 years old, and I still play it(I'm 14 now.)I think all the Crash Bandicoots were a new cahnge for psx, and I hope that they continue to stick with psx.
Golden Eye 007 is still one of the best action titles ever created, along with the best licensed product ever released. The action is still superb and well-polished even since its release 10 years ago. The enemies are still smart, even with competitors like F.E.A.R. which have incredibly intelligent artificial intellignce. There are a couple of issues unfortunately; some targeting problems and odd save layouts. Other than those, this game is still one of the best shooters ever made. The missions are excellent, the enemies are cool, the weapons are cool, and virtually everything else about this game is superb and well-executed. Too bad Nintendo handed the rights of James Bond to EA.
with this game you play through each level in the movie.  this is when James Bond was James Bond.  you can choose from a whole list of players to choose from to play as.  you can get any kind of weapon just about through the whole game.  and you can even play with some friends on missions.  if you have never played a n64 what are you waiting for.  5 out of 5.  super fun.
With the Nintendo 64 beginning to slowly...okay, quickly drop off the gaming radar, it's time for gamers who bought the last of the Big N's cartridge systems to see if their investment was a good one. Is there even a reason to keep this system around anymore? Is there one game to give you an excuse to say to Playstation2 and X-Box and Gamecube owners, "I know it's an old system, but this game is the reason I still own it"? Yes, and that game is called "Golden Eye 007".It's hard to believe that a game based off the best of the Pierce Brosnan "Bond" movies would become an undeniable classic. But that's exactly what "Golden Eye" is. Many first-person shooters try to overwhelm gamers with unbelievable graphics while offering no depth in gameplay, while others try to create complex game engines with passable graphics and end up only frustrating players. Thankfully, "Golden Eye" is the diamond in the rough. It takes a remarkably simple control scheme and graphics that were good for its time and combines them in an unbeatable combination. Moving Bond, James Bond is as easy as breathing, and the shooting system is just as simple. Even with the horrible N64 controller, a player can learn how to play "Golden Eye" on the first or second try. And its gameplay is so addictive because of the stunning level designs and adequate AI. Of course, because of the N64's difficult-to-program cartridge format, some things had to be sacrificed, like detailed textures and realistic AI responses to being shot. But the overall experience is enough to overlook such trivial matters.Graphically, "Golden Eye 007" was a marvel to look at...when it was first released. Nowadays, when compared to games like "Metal Gear Solid 2" for the PS2 and "Dead or Alive 3" for the X-Box, "Golden Eye" looks like a SNES game. Because cartridges are limited in space, textures can be bland, character models look blocky, and detail is kept to a passable minimum. But anyone who doesn't care about graphics, as long as they are good enough and the gameplay is excellent, shouldn't have any trouble with "Golden Eye".Soundwise, it's not the biggest strength of the game, but it's still good. Sounds like gunshots are remarkably well done - a player can tell what kind of gun he or an enemy is firing just by listening to it, at least to a certain extent. And voices, while limited to overdone grunts and questionable laughs, suit the game well. It would've been nice to hear full voiceovers for important characters, but the limitations of the cartridge format doesn't help this area much.All in all, "Golden Eye" is undoubtedly a classic of modern gaming. While the N64 is arguably one of the worst Nintendo consoles to be released (alongside the horrendous Virtua Boy), it still had some incredible games that managed to sustain it until the Gamecube was announced. "Golden Eye" is not only the game that many FPS fans point to as their favorite game, but many non-FPS gamers also found it very enjoyable. While later great first-person shooters like the N64's "Perfect Dark" and the recent X-Box million-seller "Halo" presented excellet FPS action with updated graphics to boot, "Golden Eye" will forever be remembered as the first-person shoot for the masses.If you need a reason to keep your N64, this is it!
Goldeneye 007 is the best game for the Nintendo 64. Its an amazing game, and its still fun to play today. There was a game called Perfect Dark that was similar to this and came out later, but this is the far better game. Tons of great guns and gadgets are here, and the gameplay is awesome. Its not the best first person shooter ever(Halo for Xbox is), but its still one of the best. The graphics arent the best ever right now, but at the time, in 1997 or so, they were real great. The music is good. It has a mysterious sound to it for some reason. This game has some of the best levels in any game, and it controls great. Multiplayer in this game is some of the most addictive ever. At the time it had the best multiplayer around. It might not now, since there are games like Halo and Diablo II, but like I said, it was the best at the time. There arent really any negatives. All hail to the best game on N64, and one of the best games ever.
"Goldeneye 007", at first glance, looks like yet another installment into the tired and outdated "First-Person" shooter game genre. The big suprise is that it is so much more than a standard shooter or a bog standard movie translation.In a word, "Goldeneye" is amazing. It takes full advantage of the 64 bit technology and delivers a smooth, fun, and challenging adventure. You assume the role of James Bond, the secret agent who needs no introduction. You run through various missions, which tie into the movie, and solve various problems and perform various tasks. What complicates things is the number of guards who are ready to kill you on sight. As expected, you have a number of weapons at your disposal, from the silenced pistol and machine gun, to the grenade launchers and high-powered explosives. The first-person perspective adds amazing realism to this game, with action and controls that are as smooth as James Bond's charm.The graphics are phenominal, with smooth movements and amazing scenery. This game really makes you feel like you are living the adventures. The music is right out of a Bond movie, and adds a nice edge to the action. The controls, usually quite clunky on that horrible N64 controller, are easy to manage here. After a while it becomes like second nature.For parents considering this game for their children, they should be aware of the violence. Much of the game is spent killing people, and the realism is striking. It is up to you, but this is an excellent game that can be quite addictive.
In the year 1997, Goldeneye was released for the Nintendo 64 by Rare, an unknown company and new 2nd party developer. Rare had already made several games for the NES and enters the Nintendo 64 market with this release based on the classic James Bond movie of the same title. You can ask anyone who had a Nintendo 64 if they ever played this game and why it was so popular. You're guaranteed to hear 2 reasons in particular why this game is so revered.REASON #1: This game is a prime example of how a developer took its time to make this game. It was more than 2 years since the movie it was based on came out and Rare had access to everything concerning the movie from the original orchestral music, likeness of the main characters and locations to the bonus villains of other James Bond movies such as Oddjob and Mayday. They didn't rush this out the door like some developers do when they wanted their games released alongside the films it was based on and it always guaranteed to be a huge mistake. This game was a huge success and is still played by many video gamers.REASON #2: Nintendo had no idea that the multi-player section of this game would be just as popular to play in or more popular than the single player mode. Rare admitted in an interview after the game was released that they had no intentions of putting together a multi-player mode until later in its development stages. Though it may be limited by today's standards, you had the basics: several stages based on the single player mode, all of the weapons were available, all of the main characters plus the enemy soldiers and classic Bond villains and several game modes such as free for all death match, team death match, you only live twice (2 lives) etc. and you can select the weapons in group categories along with time limits per match. This added a lot of re-playability after you finished the single player mode.If you don't have a Nintendo 64, this game is reason enough to get it. This game helped Nintendo sell so many systems and it is a title I highly recommend getting if you can find it. It's a great game to play by yourself and an absolute blast to play with 3 of your friends. Peace. :)
Even for a Gamecube and PS2 owner, for me this is the game that started it all. And while old, Goldeneye is still exhilerating. I was stupid enough to trade in my Goldeneye copy for a nwer but NOT better game. Don't make the same mistake that I did, please! It is hard to get your hands on a good copy of Goldeneye these days. Protect your Goldeneye games! This game lives up perfectly to the movie, and for a 1997 game, the graphics and sound are excellent! Sure, Nightfire's fun, but it never revolutionized the gaming world like Goldeneye did. Goldeneye shoots TWINE and Agent Under Fire out of the sky. Nightfire can't even hold its ground against this solid and superb N64 title. In Goldeneye, you will encounter all of the characters and locations from the Goldeneye film, and the single player campaign holds its ground. But multiplayer is where the game really shines, and it is so much better than Timesplitters or Timesplitters 2 even. I have not played Goldeneye for over a year, but the music rings in my head and I have the levels memorized perfectly. Even if you worship your Perfect Dark copy, I believe that Goldeneye is better, and I have a strong debate on that. The bottom line is that Goldeneye is the BEST FPS EVER CREATED!! It boils down to this:if you own an N64, please play your Goldeneye copy or if you don't even know what this wonderful game is about, buy it now! Hey, all X-Box owners, Goldeneye is even better than Halo! There's no debate on that. Buy the game that started it all!My Rating:9.9!!
I LOVE THIS GAME. It is so funny and a bit hard to beat. The hardest level is in the temple where a shuttle is launching and you have to collect data, kill Jaws, get launch tape and launch the shuttle. My favorite level is the Facility Level. That level is so funny and you can shoot the scientists, but it will fail the mission if they were killed. My cousin and I love to blow up the enemies and scientists. My favorite is shooting the scientists and enemies in their butts and they would jump up and down rubbing their butts and then they will fight back and the scientists will threw grenades at you. The controls are easy and this game is better and funnier than the movie. BUY THIS GAME.
Awesome controls, greta levels, killer music, loads of cool guns and awesome James Bond.  The perfect shooter!  Played this one a lot.
I still get this game out. Everything is ideal, if they can't recreate this it will be a shame. N64 ruled in the old days, this and Mario were so amazingly fun, it was constant, you could play for months on end and still love it to death while finding something entirely new and exciting.
This game is a keeper to have and I wouldn't mind playing another James Bond game, which I'm getting From Russia with Love. And that means there will be more fights to the end. I just keep playing this game over again.
Though Wolfenstein 3-D and the Doom franchise had come and gone long before its time, Goldeneye for the Nintendo 64 grabbed the First Person Shooter genre and ran with it for what seemed like miles and miles. Forget a touchdown, this game ran the ball for fifteen hundred yards, with three interceptions and a dozen field goals. Nothing on a home console was even close to its league. And even today, in the afterglow of behemoths like Halo, Metroid Prime and a limitless roster of PC shooters, the game holds up surprisingly well considering its limitations.It's difficult to call any game "perfect." No matter how original, how exciting, how breathtaking it may look, sound, play or feel, there remain a couple frustratingly overlooked areas, and Goldeneye is no exception. Most notably poor are the one or two levels which feature a limitless stockpile of enemy soldiers. No lie, I've memorized the layout of a base from start to finish, known there's nowhere these soldiers could be coming from, and watched as dozens and dozens miraculously appear from thin air to resume their fallen brothers' attack. It makes strategy an impossibility and frustrates the player to their wits' end. In addition, there's the small matter of dead or dying enemy soldiers who stand in the way. Every once in a while, an armed adversary will take a head shot and then stand, blankly staring, for several moments before slowly dropping to the floor. This wouldn't be such a bad thing if the other soldiers' bullets couldn't pass right through him. So you'll often find yourself firing into the chest of a dead man, a futile attempt to get at the soldiers behind him, all the while taking fire from those still breathing on the other side of his body. Despite my small misgivings however, 99% of this game plays flawlessly. The progression of difficulty is astounding, moving from the relatively easy early levels to a series of seemingly impassible stages near the cart's conclusion. And it's all done while walking that razor's edge between being excessively cheap and being overly giving. The player realises these missions are possible, even as he's watching Bond die for the twelfth time in as many minutes.Add to all that three difficulty levels, cheats that must be unlocked with speed, precision and overall know-how, hidden stages and hidden characters. Not only do you have a legendary FPS, you've also found nearly limitless replay value. Goldeneye is more than just a very good game, it's the stuff legends are made of. It's a game you'll want to play with your grandkids years from now.Hands down, the most attractive part about Bond's N64 debut, even today, is its controls. The Nintendo 64 controller was seemingly created exclusively for use with 007's repertoire, as every button is in precisely the right place for its function. It truly is the kind of thing that takes five minutes to learn and a lifetime to master. The center grip of the N64 controller seems to BECOME the handle of a silenced PP7, Bond's revolver of choice. The "Z" button is a perfect trigger, and if you've purchased a Rumble Pack you can even feel the weapon kick back when you fire. Strafing is done effortlessly with the right hand, as is crouching and adjusting the zoom of a sniper rifle. No control system has ever felt so immersive, so right. After the first level, you hardly recognize the controller is there, it's already become such an extension of your own body. I can't sing any higher a praise than that.If you've seen the feature film of the same name, you'll notice some eerie similarities. Everything, from the writing on a wall in the city to the placement of the soldiers deep within a Russian bunker is precisely as it was seen on the silver screen. It's honestly unsettling, how well the level designers did their jobs. Ever wondered what was behind that last bathroom stall in the film? You'll get your chance to find the answer on the N64. It's an experience I can't really put into words, something I'd never seen before and haven't seen since. It's a level of perfectionism that has yet to be matched in a video game adaption.Finally, there's the multiplayer aspect of 007. While the single-player mode is challenging, unique and groundbreaking, multiplayer is absolutely unreal. I had the good fortune of living in a large college dorm complex at the time this game was first released, and thus experienced more multiplayer Bond than I'd wish on anyone. There were literally lines leading into my room, just for the chance to grab one of our four controllers and get into the action. It was an addictive community event, whenever that little red light on the front of our N64 lit up. Truly something special. With multiple modes of play, a handful of playable levels, some hidden surprises and dozens of options, you were guaranteed to never play the same match twice, and it didn't take much for the lighthearted action to become a cold-hearted war. In a time and place where four player deathmatches are a no-brainer, it's hard to imagine a game that pioneered the field. Goldeneye blazed that path, and did so in style. It cleared out the weeds, flattened the hills, and paved the roads that Halo drives its way across today. Truly, the game was revolutionary and it still plays as such.In short, Goldeneye is almost reason alone to own a Nintendo 64, even today. There's a charm about it that can't be described, a realism and authenticity that goes beyond the aging graphics and occasionally slow gameplay. It's got the look and feel of a legend, and that's exactly the word I'd use to describe it. While there are certainly flaws, this is a game you'll kick yourself for never owning in a few years, when it becomes increasingly difficult to track down.
GoldenEye became the steeple for how the Bond series was going to be and I'm glad that it was because for me, I could never get tired of this game because of it's awesome challenges, graphics, gameplay and of course the gore factor (very bloody game. Maybe a no for younger gamers, but for those of us older gamers, a definite).Level after level, this game played almost to a T like the movie and you got to use all of Bond's weapons from his magnum to a bazooka, to grenades and plastic explosives and of course, the one hit kill Golden Gun.This also had the perfect multi player vs mode in the history of the 64 system. Where else could you blow up 3 of your friends with a bazooka at the same time (if you were lucky enough to stumble upon them shooting it out with each other).GoldenEye has never left my 64 rotation and again, I still love to play the multi player when my friends come over. I will again stress to those of us who are parents (like myself) that you should maybe think otherwise if you have some young gamers because it is very violent and very bloody. For those of you without that restriction, go wild and get this game. You won't be disappointed.
GoldenEye 007 was simply the greatest game ever made. No if, ands or buts. This game stood out from the rest giving itself the title of the almighty master of the game world.My Uncle Steve was the first person to tell me about the game in 1997 and told me I had to get Goldeneye and told me Its the best game he ever played and he only had a Playstaion at the time. I played this game when it first game out I was 11 years old and I'm now 24 and still love it to the death.GoldenEye set the standards for every FPS that has followed.
I got this game when it first came out which was a couple years ago, but I'm just now writing the review, strange isn't it?  This game is what makes having an N64 so great!  The graphics are just sweet.  The story pretty much follows the movie, and alters a little things to make it more enjoyable for us gamers.  This game is very easy to control.  That's one of the best things about it. The controls are placed if logical places, and it's better than the Turok controls.  The best part of this game is the multiplayer.  It's what made the game so famous.  Killing your friends has never been this much fun.  I'll never get tired of one of my friends walking in a hallway, unsuspecting that a proximity mine is waiting there to take his digital life.  The best multiplayer level has got to be the facility.  But I'll let you, the buyer, decide for yourself.  Another game I recommend, and that's probebly better is Perfect Dark.
One of the games that made n64 so great, had graphics for the time, multiplayer all around fun and in my opinion one of the best games of it's time
Another Rareware CLASSIC!  The game that defines 1st person shooter!! Like the title says, Rare did it Best.  I love the PC shooters like Doom, Quake & Duke Nukem.  But 007 did it 1000%!  The first of it's kind...perfect 3-d graphics & 360 control.  And the first game to do stealth right.  You can sneak through levels stealth with your silenced pistol, or go all out nuts with the AK.  This model of game would go on to influence ALL future fps.  PS3 & xbox fanboys take notice!  If rare hadn't come up with this formula, Modern Warfare & Halo wouldn't exist as they are!
...for it's timeGoing back and replaying this game is weird and fun. it's fun to see how bad the graphics were, and how you didn't see it that way back in the day.considering how easy it is to buy old games, this is a must buy!
Golden Eye on the Nintendo 64 needs no introduction it redefined the FPS genere it had great controlls for it's day stuck as close as it could with the movie it was a major killer app for the 64 around  97-98. The music was good the graphics were decent enough there dated now but this game was & still is the $**t. Golden Eye never has failed on any level I still play it from time to time & the multiplayer back in the summer of 98 me my friends or my brother or his friends or my cousin we all played the multiplayer to death. Should you get this game well it's been out since the late 90's & & if you never played it your missing out it warrants a purchase of a N 64 for this game alone. Golden Eye for the 64 is as good if not better than movie.
I thought that I'd review some James Bond 007 video games the games that I own. You know it's going to be The 50th Anniversary this year which I might see Skyfall but I'm here to review the best 007 game by far Golden Eye on The Nintendo 64 which was a game that was only exclusive to The N64 meaning back in 97 it was like hey you need to go out & buy a Nintendo 64. I remember playing this game a lot in 1998 it's an amazing game all around of course the multiplayer is what stands out I played it a lot with my brother, my friends & cousin a lot. The single player mode is well done the game play is great & the weapon selection is the best of all The 007 games. For what it is it does a good job of following the movie Golden Eye going through the 1st 3 levels it deals with the beginning of the movie. Where you think 006 Alec Treyvelyn was kill & where Bond escapes in the plane. There is a level you saw in the movie Servenya that you go to. You have to go there twice the 2nd time is where you meet Natalya who in the movie you meet in the helicopter explosion. Of course you meet Janus at The Statue Park who turns out to be Treyvelyn. You get to use a tank just like in the movie you get to go through the train depot which isn't in the movie the train level is pretty good & there are lines that Alec Treyvelyn says in the movie on this level. The last 4 levels is pretty much the movie towards the end. This game is 1 of the best 1st person shooters out there it changed the genre. If you never played Golden Eye on The N64 I can't reccommend it enough & I'm not talking about the new 1 which I have yet to play.
The level's are great and there is a lot to do to save the world in the nick of time before some bad happen's. YOU as bond. As you go into the game they are other bad guy's are trying to kill you as you try to save the world. HEY, buy this game, you will have a time of you life and trying to stay alive. Hey, it true it is a good game to play by yourself or two people, Hey go buy the game and find out what I'am talking about OK. I play it over TEN time because it GREAT to get into. By the away they are FOUR bad guy's are after you so run, run, RUN for your life well, just in the game, are you lucky. Don't spoil yourself over this game I have. KEEP YOUR COOL IN THE GAME SO GOOD LUCKY. PS, Your going to need it. There are easy levels and hard levels and there are very hard level's. Get ready for a big adventure to save the world. There are Characters in the game just like the movie is that cool or what??
This is one of my favorite FPS's of all time. It stands right alongside Halo, and Battlefield 1942. The single player missions are done wonderfully, the enviroments are great, and the multiplayer is the best I have ever played.BUY THIS!
This is the best shoot em up on the N64. I was very impressed with the game play, the graphics, the action, the multi player fun, everything.... the only downfall about the game is I wanted more, more, more. The cheats are great when you unlock them and the best thing is you dont need a memory card, everything saves on the cartridge. RARE actualy managed to compress a game that was too big for the N64 into this game somehow, and it suprises me that it does not even use the N64 Expansion pack to do that!!! This game is not just hoursand hours of fun, but days, weeks, years . i still play this cool game even today!
Golden eye, games that are coming out now owe their controls to golden eye. Based on the movie, the game is truly hard hiting gameplay action that is super fun. This game is a very great shooting game. One of the best shooting game of all time, golden eye has a great story, and goes along with the new 007 games that are coming out. Redifine the origin by playing this game if you haven't. Sure the graphics aren't that great but dude, its nitendo 64. They should remake this game and other classic 64 games for nitendo gamecube. If you still play 64 (god have mercy) you will also love perfect dark.If your buying this game, for some reason you should add perfect dark. Same game play action, but for some reason I love &quot;Perfect Dark&quot; better. But thats me.....
Yeah this is one of the classics that blew away everyone (N64 MAGAZINES got better because of it!!!) and bonded friends and family for years on end. There was no other game like it. Empire magazine started writing better games reviews because of it. This was a mental good multiplayer in 1997. We all played this side by side for years. I can't say I have played anything quite like it since. Golden Eye N64. Yeah, those where the days!!! I remember this left Playstation 1 owners in awe.
My N64, it acts like a rock sitting right there under my tv. I bought a total of 8 count em 8 games on this pathetic system (I have what about 60 for my computer). But this game made me believe that a good shooter could be made on consoles (although very few of the ports from pc to consoles are, usually the original games for the consoles are good.)Of those 8 games I have, this one is worth about 10. The makers of this game are geniuses and have spread that on to other games like the timesplitters series (if there is any game that will make me buy a gamecube, besides metroid prime, it IS timesplitters 2. It is a master peace that will be lived on in my memories and it will remain stuck in my damn cartrage slot of my forgotten n64, or it would be forgotten, if not for this game
Goldeneye set the standards for every FPS that has followed. It is the best of the best. The levels are action packed and extremely memorable. I can do the levels in my head I've played them so many times. The graphics are dull now, but back in the day these visuals were top notch. The music involves some of the best techno I've ever heard. The game is also surprisingly difficult. I took me ten years to beat all the difficulty levels. The multiplayer is ahead of it's time with four player large arena style deathmatches. This game should be missed by no one, pick up a copy today and first hand see the best.Presentation- This game captures what it is to be James Bond. There are a great deal of weapons, cool menus, and music that still rocks to this day. All around a great feeling game the blood rolling down the screen after you die is epic. 5/5Story- The game follows the story of Goldeneye pretty closely, and there are two bonus levels that follow other Bond movies. Including one of the hardest levels of all time the Aztec based on the movie Moonraker. 5/5Graphics- This game looked amazing for it's day, now it may be unimpressing but remember what the world of N64 looked liked. 5/5/Game play- This is the part that could be helped by a remake. The N64 controller only has one joystick. This is awkward sometimes, but the use of the c-pad to strafe helps. Nintendo please remake this amazing gem. 4.5/5Sound- Some of the best music in a video game ever made. Catchy music that I even have on my Ipod to this day. 5/5Lasting Appeal- I still play this game regularly when the current generation games anger me. I can play levels in my head, need I say more. This game will never be forgotten or equaled. 5/5Rating 4.9/5
This game was awesome when I was little and owned my original N64, and it's still awesome to this day. You just can't outdo a good thing, and this game proves it.
This game may not have a lot of flashy features like sound, or simulant multiplayer, but who cares? I bought this game in 1998 and I still play it. I recommend it to anyone who likes first-person-shooters, or a James Bond fan.
GoldenEye 007 is not only the best movie tie-in game of all time, but it is perhaps the most influential first-person shooter ever to hit the gaming-console market.  If you aren't aware of the plot of this game that's not a problem, because essential it is the same as the popular James Bond movie, GoldenEye, which was released in 1995- two years prior to this game's release.This is a game that is filled with techniques and styles that would be mimicked in many future games to come, and it gives the player a wide variety of objectives, and difficult challenges.  The A.I. is smart (especially on higher difficulty settings) and the environments are complex enough to provide entertainment, as well as difficulty to any gamer.The introduction of logical hit-points on your enemies is a great feature.  Even bosses in this game can be taken down with a well-aimed shot to the head.  It is this type of realism that really makes you feel like your James Bond and that you can sneak in, sneak out, covertly taking out henchmen as you go, or springing alarms and having to go through massive shootouts.  Because of this there are many ways to beat the game, and limitless possibilities for how you accomplish your tasks.  AKA: You can take easy ways or hard ways of beating levels...and if you don't have a strategy guide you'll have to find out those paths by yourself (which, I might add, is incredibly fun if you want to waste a day away).This is one of those games that the more you play it the more you're able to value its contributions to the gaming industry.  Each time I play it I notice aspects that have been replicated in many following FPS games.  So if you have a Nintendo 64 go ahead and dust that sucker and order a used copy of GoldenEye 007, because trust me, as a Bond fan, and a casual gamer I can say that this game is highly recommended for all those who want to step into the shoes of James Bond, or just have an awesome, intense gaming experience.(Also make sure to look out for its sister game, Perfect Dark, which is also on the N64, following the same controls, and very similar weapon uses.)
Hands-down the best N64 game.  Goldeneye is very similar to the movie, like the Siberian dam mission, the satellite control facility, etc.. The graphics are the best I've seen for the N64, except for Zelda 64 (the first one).  The auto-aim feature and 4-person multiplayer make the game perfect for the common area of a dorm room.
Goldeneye lookes like just another shootem up game, but it is more than that. Goldeneye takes James Bond to the next level.Pros: graphics are great4 player is funlots of cheats to make the game even betteralot of characters to choose fromCons: a little to easy to beatno voices during game playnot alot of multiplayer levelsIn the end Goldeneye is a great game and I recommend it to anyone.
This was the first real game I ever played along with the first I ever owned. Despite the fact that I've grown out of many kids games and spend my time focused on M-rated games with a lot of violence or sexual themes, this is one of those games I most definitely have not grown out of. I love the tracks, the weapons, the characters(Yoshi's my favorite), and simplely how much fun this game still delivers to this very day. The replay value is endless, and multiplayer is still very engaging(It's always fun to humiliate your friends at this game). This game is what got me started on games and it will continue to be one of my most memorable games in my life as a gamer.
It has spawned such classic levels (as I recall) such as Luigi's Circuit, Moo Moo Farm, Frappe's Snowland, Toad's Turnpike, Koopa Troopa Beach, Banshee Highway, Bowser's (infamous) Castle, Wario's Stadium and the ridiculously long and bright track, Rainbow Road, which has spawned at LEAST 5 different versions throughout the series!My all-time favorite level in the game is actually Sherbet Land. It's filled with ice and is just fun to cruise through! And the penguins that you can run into are so cute!The playable characters are your basic eight: Mario (balance), Luigi (balanced), Princess Peach (lightweight), Toad (lightweight), Yoshi (advanced), Donkey Kong (heavyweight), Wario (heavyweight) and Bowser (the heavi"est"weight).This game is very, VERY easy to just pick up and play with friends. The controls are simple as all get out and the characters look pretty cool, for a N64 game. The sounds they make are cool too!If you want something that 4 guys (and/or girls) can enjoy, this is the right move!* PROS *-Bright, colorful boards.-Addicting sound effects.-Semi-interesting characters.-Fun tracks.-4-Way BATTLE. Nuff said.-8 Semi-unique characters* CONS *-Sound comes through in 1-player or 2-player mode, but fails to when playing with 2 or 3 friends-16 levels just isn't enough to satisfy the average gamer's thirst-The music can be annoying/nauseating to some-When you're in 1st, you get crappy items. When you're last, you get the best ones, usually landing you in 1st/2nd/3rdCons aside, I spent countless hours with friends that I cherished playing this game. It will bring smiles to your faces for months to come. If you like this and own a Nintendo DS or a DS Lite (shame on ALL of you who don't!), then I totally recommend Mario Kart DS also. More levels and more mayhem. Did I mention even more characters?!4.5 stars.
even with all the improvements in systems, games, graphics, etc., this one remains a classic in all sense of the word.
People say GoldenEye was a much multiplayer than this game, but I've spent more happy hours racing my friends in Mario Kart 64 than blowing people up with proximity mines in the Complex in GoldenEye.Lots of people extol the graphics in GoldenEye, but graphics in Mario Kart 64 is better. First of all, it has a lower polygon count and the characters look much better. The gameplay is simple, but that only means it's easier to learn. The card that comes with the game tells you everything you need to know so all you have to do is plop the game inside the console and start playing.So the characters don't say much. It's mainly just a simple &quot;Yippee!&quot; or &quot;I'm-a Wario and I'm-a gonna win!,&quot; but there's much more in-game speech than GoldenEye. Sound effects are fine too. The soundtrack is excellent. It ranges from coutry to smooth jazz. Even some major critics of video game music I know have said that the music here is great. You know Koji Kondo's doing something right hearing that.Mario Kart 64 is addicting with four players, and it can be addicting with one player too. The Time Trials may be a little disappointing, but the Mario GP had me coming back for more.The game is one of the best racing games on the N64. It's better than WaveRace, Diddy Kong Racing, F-Zero X, and even Excitebike 64. Heck it's one of the best games on the N64! If you haven't played this game, then you don't know what you're missing.
This was the first 'Kart' game quite like this.. there isn't any 'Kart' game like this either outside of the Mario franchise. If you think you can find a better Karting game out there, I'd like to see you find it and show me, because from my finds and plays, this is the only game that is worth playing. From DK to Bowser, Peach to Toad, this game has most of the characters that have been involved with Mario in some way. The graphics are great for its time, the sound is fun, the worlds are colorful, the idea is great. Who wouldn't like this game- at ANY age? I'm not sure, but if you don't, you amy need to see a doctor. This is the best Kart game ever, and the best Mario Kart game ever.
Excellent game all around except one thing....The game CHEATS.You can be in first place and magically all the computer controlled racers somehow manage to catch up to you anyway.Now, if you're in last place you literally have no chance of catching up.Not fair.Not cool.That aside....if you develop your skills you'll still win.After much practice I still managed to beat the game even though it blatantly cheats.Great graphics.Every character you love from the Mario universe.I think Toad is my favorite, when he gets hit LOL. The noise he (it?) makes is hilarious.The courses are inventive and enjoyable.The music fits in perfectly.Did I mention it cheats?That's my only complaint.Otherwise another five star winner from Nintendo.Highly recommended.
This is the best racing game i've ever played and the most funest. The game has a cool unique to a racing game. it is tons of fun, and you can play either Mario, Luigi, Peach (The Princess), Toad, Yoshi, Bowser(King Koopa) & Donkey Kong. There are three types of trophies you can recieve, either the Mushroom trophy, Flower Trophy, Star Trophy and A Special Trophy. Cool Hu. Well this game was tons of fun i recomend it to everyone. Peace OutIf you liked this game then check out all of the Mario Games.
Mario Kart 64, the sequel to the first Mario Kart game on the SNES is great. Nintendo got rid of some of the things that made the SNES title so much fun, but added a lot too. The gameplay is much more enhanced, the characters look much better and the individual go-karts are very realistic.Like the SNES version, this game includes 3 modes of play: GP (Grand Prix), Battle, and Time Trial. In GP you choose one of 8 characters: Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Wario, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, and Bowser in a large variety of courses in the Mushroom Cup, Flower Cup Star Cup, or Special Cup (which you unlike by getting gold trophies in each of the 3 basic courses) in 50cc, 100cc, or 150cc mode. 50cc is the easiest, but in 100cc and 150cc the computer gets much faster and more challenging. There are several items you can collect by driving through the question mark boxes which help you during each race. Lightning bolts (the rarest item to get) makes all of the other opponents small, mushrooms give you a speed burst, banana peels make one of your opponents crash if they slip on it, red shells are used to shoot directly at an opponent to get them off course, and green shells keep bouncing off the walls until it hits one of the racers. Unlike the SNES Mairo Kart game, there are several objects you need to avoid to stay on course. In different races there are trucks and cars that will make you crash if you hit them, snowmen that will blow up if you hit them, and many other obstacles in different courses.In Battle mode you and up to 3 others choose one of the 8 characters. You drive around a course trying to pop each other's 3 balloons. You can pop their balloons by shooting red or green shells at them or throwing banana peels at them to make them slip. You can also use the other items to avoid being hit by them. Once all of your balloons are popped you become a bomb which you can drive around the course trying to run in to the other players. This mode is a lot of fun, especially if you get tired of continually playing Grand Prix mode.In Time Trial mode you race in any of 15+ courses and try to set records for each lap and/or race.The controls for Mario Kart 64 are very simple and easy to master, and the music and sound effects are great as well.If you want a great racing game for your N64, I highly recommend that you check out Mario Kart 64.
It's a classic, anyone that has a N64 should have this game.
Classic racing game. If you love racing games you should consider getting this game. You race around tracks throwing random stuff so that you can win. The graphics are great-- I mean during that time the graphics are great, you can't really argue about that.
I love all the Mario Kart games, this one has some of the coolest tracks.  Yoshi Valley is the best track I've ever played and the graphics are pretty good too.  Small selection of characters (if you've got the one for Gamecube) but still a blast.  Awesome 1 player or multiplayer game, a must have for parties!  Good anytime and that's hard to find.
This game I grew up with and enjoy very much. I have been playing this game since I was 6 or 7 years old and games like these are very hard to come by right now and they cost a pretty penny brand new. What I have is a like new version but unforutantely I lost the manuel and the box is long gone to mine but maybe I will find it one day while I shop around the internet. I love this game and recommend this game to old school video game players and the like.
The original Mario Kart for the SNES was fun, and a good effort for the limited capabilities of the SNES platform. Mario Kart 64 made full use of the N64's 3-D capabilities, making for a very fun and successful game. Up to four players can engage in the game, and the racecourses are as colorful and rich as they are varied. Each character has their own racecourse (Peach's castle, Bowser's castle, Yoshi's canyons, Donkey Kong's jungle, and so on and so forth) plus more that are just fun and varied, like a beach, the desert, snowfields, and the Rainbow Road.You can play against the computer and compete for various cups, and each set of courses has various levels of difficulty. You get cool items to aid your progress on the track (or hinder the progress of others) There is also a VS mode where two to four players can battle against one another. Overall this is a really great game for the Nintendo 64.
This is one of the best games out for the N64.  The races and tournaments themselves are challenging and extremely fun.  The many characters that you can unlock all have their own abilities and everything else to set them aside.  The tracks are not repetitive and give each race a fresh new layer of fun.Multi-player is an even better experience...Who could imagine that battles with cars and turtle shells would actually be fun?  Well it is fun and will keep you playing for hours on end.  This game will make your friends ask if they can come over and play.  A sure hit with a gamer of any age.
For Nintendo, some of their most popular games have been revised over and over again. In the case of the Nintendo 64, the case has happened to itself too. The 1997 Mario Kart 64 game is no acception. The starting flag proves that the light is worth checking out.In this game, you play any of eight characters in 16 traditional courses and 4 battle zones. Choose from Mario, Yoshi, Wario, Peach, Luigi, Toad, Donkey Kong, and Bowser. The graphics are a bit more intact than the other racing games that came later for the system. Although it might try to drown you out a little bit at a time, when you complete the four racing cups quickly. Luckily, the game truly makes up for it in the Vs. mode, where you are head-to-head n a battle with up to four players in the race.Mario Kart is absolutely worth checking out for the Nintendo 64, despite the fact the Nintendo 64 has no more new games for the system. If you buy it only for yourself, your better off bringing in a partner for the ride.
Like many other people, I absolutely adore racing games and the Mario games.  Then I saw this come out.  It was perfect!  It was a racing game with the characters from the Super Mario series!  I was so excited to play it.  My friends and I played it all night.  It was so addicting.  In fact, I still play this game today.
Mario Kart 64 is, without a doubt, one of the best games ever made for the Nintendo 64 (or any other system). Even today, 8 years after its original release, Mario Kart 64 is still amazingly fun. The controls are PERFECT- and I do mean perfect. The first time you go power sliding around a sharp turn, you'll see what I mean. The game is perfectly balanced- each character has strengths and weaknesses. Your skill determines if you come in first- not because you picked the best character. Oh, and I haven't even spoken about the brilliant course design. Every course has shortcuts, and special features, making them truely unique. The placement of the powerups is wonderful. And the multiplayer... Oh the multiplayer! One word: brilliant. Playing with your friends is exciting, competetive, and will have you laughing like crazy. This is what multiplayer gaming is all about. If the game does have one weakness, it is the graphics; being 8 years old, Mario Kart 64 doesn't stack up well against today's crop of games in terms of visuals. But when you're having this much fun with a game, do the graphics matter? No way!! Even if you own the Gamecube version of Mario Kart, you still owe it to yourself to pick up a copy of this timeless classic.
Mario Kart 64 is the true 3D Nintendo 64 sequel to Super Mario Kart. Since the characters wouldn't look so great on karts in 3D on the N64, the sprites are in 2D, which explains how they are fully detailed.There are 16 courses you can race in, along with 4 courses for your average Battle Mode.Now that there are 4 players, the 2-4 Player modes can be pretty fun, especially 2-Player since it has all the options from 1-Player Mode.The item roster is slightly different from Super Mario Kart, but it's fun to use them all.Overall, Mario Kart 64 is another game that defines 3D gaming on the Nintendo 64.
This game is pretty darn easy.  I beat most of the tracks with only a rental.  It's not near as tough as the SNES version.  Heck, the SNES version of Rainbow Road had no walls around the track and the track was thin to boot.  Rainbow Road is a cakewalk on this one.  Wide the whole way with walls all around.  Too darn easy.  However, there is a monster shortcut that's very dangerous to go for if you want to make things interesting.Even though it was too easy, I bought the game anyway.  It's fun to beat the heck out of these computer controlled suckers.  Plus I really like the game's ending.There is one hard level, the one with all of the traffic in the extra mode.  It can be very frustrating if you make a mistake, because you get run over again and again and again.  It usually takes away any hope of recovery.The most significant improvement over the SNES version is the time trial mode.  You can race a ghost of yourself after you've already completed the course.  The ghost is only a recording of your previous performance, but it gives you a lot more motivation to beat your old time, I assure you.I've never been into multiplayer modes, but if you're into that kind of thing, you'll REALLY love this game.  Some multiplayer matches can go on for a LONG time, since the levels are so well-designed.
I picked this up in a pack of two other N64 games for five dollars at a used game store. Now usually, those bundle deals have all of the mediocre N64 games in them that no one wants to buy individually. However, Star Wars: Rogue Squadron is easily one of the best N64 games I've ever played.Story: The game appears to take place between A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back in the Star Wars universe. You're Luke Skywalker, the original trilogy's protagonist and a fighter pilot for the Rebel Alliance. You'll help people with vital intelligence defect from the Empire, protect Rebel-allied cities, and of course fight the Empire!Gameplay: Unfortunately, you never get to wield a light saber or anything. That's not what this game is about. It's a space-shooter. You travel to different planets in your X-wing or  one of the other Rebel spaceships and do missions.Sound: There may be an N64 game with more audio than Rogue Squadron, but I've never played it, if so (and I've played entirely too many of them :P). There's so much voice-acting. There's lengthy descriptions of every ship in the Rebel Fleet, backstories for Rogue Squadron's fighter pilots, and of course in-level communication between the pilots.Graphics: It's a very nice job by Factor 5, here. Of course it looks dated by now, but in the grand scheme of things, I'd say it's aged pretty gracefully. Make sure you have an expansion pack for your system to get the full effect.Replay Value: You get medals for doing well enough in every stage. I'm told that if you get medals in every stage, you can unlock secret missions like the Battle of Hoth from Empire Strikes back and the Death Star run. If that's not incentive to beat this game 100%, what is?It's clearly a classic N64 game, worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Goldeneye64 and Ocarina of Time. I'd only that having a decent N64 analog helps.. a lot. If your controller's analog is dying due to wear and tear, you'll have a hard time towards the end of the game.
Originally playing Rogue Leader (Star Wars: Rogue Squadron 2), it's great to get back to the keystone that started the whole franchise. While not allowing for some of the more advanced gameplay from future games, this product is and was fantastic for the age of N64 era gaming. A much needed classic to add to the collection for sure.
For the N64 this game is really fun, graphics are amazing, sound quality is alright. If you love flight simulation games then this is definitely for you. You are Luke Skywalker flying around on various fun missions. There are tons of unlockable cheats that can be added for a better fun-filled experience. Get the expansion pack-- which is cheap nowadays.
star wars rogue squadron is hands down the best n64 game ever made get this game even if you're not a star wars fan you wont regret it
I loved this game when I first played it (I still play it even today) the graphics where awsome, the sound was cool, the levels where all kinds of stratageys and the expansion pack worked great with it. The cheats to fly the falcon, tie fighters, naboo fighter ect all made the game even better. There is even a secret little mini game where you can control a Chicken Walker (AT-ST) and shoot up some droids and buildings in a small space.The only downfall is there is no way to get unlimited heat seeker rockets, so you have to turn on your unlimited lives cheat and keep commiting suicide to get more of those rockets to win within the selected times to get the gold medal to become a Jedi. And there is no nice video's to watch when you finally clock the game. It just shows a quick shot of the ships flying away and then the credits roll... it would be nice to have had a video type of thing like all through the game.Apart from that, this game rocked.. my the Shwartz be with you.
When the N64 system first kicked off, one of its first titles was "Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire".  "Shadows..." was a very entertaining version of novel it was based on.  It had challenging, yet rewarding, levels and overall solid gameplay.  However, it had two marks against it.  The first was that graphics had not fully realized the potential of the N64 and resembled SuperNES games on certain boards.  The second is that, except for the sheer enjoyment of the playing the game again, "Shadows..." lacks any real replay value.  The introduction of "Star Wars: Rogue Squadron" (based on a series of very successful novels) to the N64 environment corrected these problems and set a whole new standard for action/adventure games on ANY platform."Rogue Squadron" focuses on the missions of the famed Rogue Squadron, thought to be the most dangerous and lethal fighter pilot unit in the entire galaxy.  Led by the legendary Wedge Antilles, the squadron fights 16 regular missions (and 3 bonus missions) ranging from defending the homestead on the deserts of Tatooine to rescuing prisoners from the spice mines of Kessel to battling the terrifying 'World Devastators' on Mon Calamari.  That just barely scratches the surface of the exotic locales where missions take place.  The graphic environment is much more advanced this time around.  No more static matte backgrounds.  Everything is fluid and moves with the player.  The gameplay has also been enhanced.  Greater control is afforded to the joystick button on the control pad when it comes to manipulating the ships.  Overall, it makes for a spectacular gaming experience."Rogue Squadron" also adds a new twist that dramatically enhances its replay ability.  It awards medals (bronze, silver, gold) for defeating a level with increasing degrees of efficiency.  Achieving all of a certain kind of medal on all the regular missions also unlocks bonus missions.  This creates a greater challenge and a greater sense of accomplishment once the challenge has been met.There is only one minor quibble about "Rogue Squadron".  In the game designers' quest to make a very demanding game, they make some of the levels almost too hard to defeat even with the highest level of skill.  The most glaring example of this is the level 'Raid on Sullust'.  Flying as a (supposedly) heavily armored Y-Wing, one is supposed to be able to fly skillfully and defeat the mission.  However, the board is heavily populated with missile turrets that defend each of the 12-15 targets that must be hit.  With skillful flying, it may be possible to knockout 3 or 4 of those targets and corresponding guns and turrets before dying, but on the life, it's likely the next ship could be destroyed in less than 10 seconds.  With only 3 ships per mission, it's impossible to defeat that mission without using the 'unlimited lives' cheat code (which will NOT be revealed here).  However, there's no shame in using that code, and it is necessary if one intends to achieve the silver or gold medals.  So, it's a minor annoyance."Rogue Squadron" raised the bar to an exceptionally high level for action/adventure games that other platforms have repeatedly shown a failure to meet.  Nintendo still gets it, though, as it followed this game with the even more successful "Rogue Leader" for GameCube.  "Rogue Squadron" is a must have for any serious gamer's library.
If I had to pick one word to describe this game it would be amazing.  &quot;Rogue Squadron&quot; pushes the N64 to it's maximum power graphically, which can be further enhanced by an expansion pack (I strongly recommend going with one it makes the game run smoother).  The gameplay couldn't be more entertaining, I often wonder how my little Nintendo 64 is able to handle all that this game has to offer.  The missions you fly in this game vary from escorting ground troops into combat all the way to launching full foward attacks on monstrous Imperial ships.  The AI is pretty strong depending on the difficulty level, but when it comes to your own wingmen helping you out just forget it.  Environments in this game are incredible for a Nintendo 64 game and I give the designers alot of credit for putting so much work into them.  Can't get you're hands on the new Rogue Squadron &quot;Rogue Leader&quot; for Gamecube? Pick this up to satisfy youre urge, if you do own Rogue Leader or even don't plan on getting it, pick this title up anyways for a hell of a gaming experience.
LucasArts has really outdone itself with this great N64 game.  After Shadows of the Empire was released, it quickly became obvious that the best level in the game was the first level, where you are flying a Rebel Airspeeder during the Battle of Hoth.  LA decided to make a whole game using a similar concept, and Rogue Squadron was born.  You play as Luke Skywalker, leader of Rogue Squadron, a group of elite rebel pilots who roam the galaxy, making life difficult for the Empire and its minions.  You play through 16 basic missions, which together form a loose plot chronicling the adventures of Rogue Squadron during the time between the destruction of the first Death Star and The Empire Strikes Back.  The missions range from simple search-and-destroy missions, to escorting supply trains, to freeing rebel soldiers from Imperial prison facilities.  Along the way, you must learn to handle a variety of rebel craft, from the X-Wing to the Airspeeder.  Each craft has its own strengths and weaknesses, plus each craft has a special weapon, which means that you are required to use each craft on certain missions.  After you complete each mission, you may be awarded a bronze, silver, or gold medal based on your performance.  After completing a mission, you can move on to the next one, or else go back and try again to get a better score.  The game gives you a score summary after each mission, so you know right away which areaas you need to improve upon to get the gold.The look and feel of the game is excellent.  The graphics are superb, and the Expansion Pak boosts them to cinematic levels.  The sound is also excellent for a non-CD game, although the chatter from your squadron mates does get a little repetitive.  The game is contained within a 3D environment, giving the game a flight simulator-like feel.  The controls are pretty easy to get used to, though this DOES take a little practice.  Fortunately, the first couple of missions are pretty easy, so you get a good chance to get familiar with the controls.  The controls are the same for each ship, so you don't have to switch back and forth.As stated before, the first couple of missions are pretty simple and easy.  But, starting with about the fourth mission, they start to get REALLY tough, with multitudes of TIE fighters, missile turrets, and gun emplacements all doing their best to shoot you down.  Expect to die many times before mastering each mission.  Getting the gold medal on all 16 missions will definitely take a while.The game has a lot of nice bonus features as well.  As you complete missions and earn higher medals, three bonus missions will appear, plus you will gain access to new ships, including the Millenium Falcon and a captured Imperial TIE Interceptor.  There is also a passcode screen, allowing you to enter codes to unlock all sorts of interesting options, including a fourth bonus level and the Naboo Starfighter.  There is even a code to allow you to fly a Buick sedan against the Empire!  The codes themselves are pretty easy to get.  There are several sites on the Internet that have them.It's easy to get immersed in the 3D environment of this game.  Many's the time I've found myself leaning over to the left or right as I put my X-Wing through a tight turn.  For those who like flight simulator-type games, I would say that this is the best FS game on the N64.  It's a bit dated now, what with the impending release of Rogue Squadron II for the GameCube, but for those N64 fans out there, this one is a must-have.
I just bought this game a few weeks ago,and it's awesome. It just has that "This is going to be an epic game" from the get go. It has great graphics,even to this day.First of all,this is an Action Adventure,not a RPG/Role Playing Game.Next,I recommend buying the Strategy Guide. This game is what gamers call "Nintendo Hard". It's a challenging game,with quite a number of puzzle parts.Anyway,buy it if you have a 64,or Virtual Console it if you have a Wii.
This could be the best game of all time. What else needs to be said? If you haven't played this game before and still have a working N64 you need to pickup this game. If you haven't played the game you can also find it on the Wii Virtual Console and an upcoming remake for 3DS.
I'm what gamers call a "Zelda Veteran" , I've played almost ALL of the Zelda games and managed to beat only one: this one.  I love the Zelda games because they are challenging, different and fun to play.In this one, Link lives in a forest with the forest folk.  Link is soon inside the Deku Tree to defeat the evil monsters that moved into the tree.  After a battle with the queen spider, the Deku Tree sadly dies and tells Link to find Zelda, the Princess of Hyrule.Hyrule is a kingdom that's always in trouble, and its up to Link to save the land from a terrible enemy.  Link has the help of Navi, a fairy that gives you advice or tells you what you should do next.During his adventures, Link will learn spells, be swallowed by a huge fish, and saving the land from the evil Ganondorf.  This game is a classic and worth the money.
Before I played this game, the only other Zelda game that I had ever played was Link to the Past, and I couldn't understand it that well.  I decided to play this because of the hype.  I was sure glad I did.  This is one of the best games ever!  It's full of adventure, it has a wonderful story, and it is challenging.  It begins with Link, a 10-year-old Kokiri (child of the forest) who is chosen to save Hyrule, his home world.  Along the way, you meet new friends, such as Princess Zelda, and grow into a 17-year-old adult to fight the evil Ganondorf!  You have many different weapons, spells, and items at your disposal, including swords, bows, and a giant hammer.  The fun never stops and the story never goes flat.  If you want a grand adventure, buy this game.  If you like this, play The Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask, but wait until you finish this game.
In its tenure, the N64 had its share of bad games. With exceptions like Super Mario 64, the THQ wrestling games and a few others, it seemed like the bad outweighed the good. But with 'Ocarina of Time', the balance took a drastic shift as n64 was given its best overall game.'Ocarina of TIme' has many strong points for itself. For one, the player is given a very challenging and extremely satisfying quest to undertake. The game plays across a vast world with different subsections, each with their own particular themes. The gameplay is easy to get used to and becomes second nature as you play through the game. Graphics and sounds are done extremely well, considering the cartridge space allowed.There is not much to complain about, as this game really showed players what the N64 was capable of. It's unfortunate that other game publishers didn't work this hard. But then again, &quot;Ocarina&quot; is a tough act to follow.
This is one of the best and my personal favorites from the Zelda franchise! The story was fantastic, the gameplay was amazing for the time, even compared to todays gaming this game showed less problems or glitches.There was hardly any serious problems with this game. The playtime was a very good length and it offered a some side quests to do. Each dungeon was well constructed and were not something you walk in and leave unhappy. Some parts were frustrating sure but when is a game just so easy and you feel happy beating it?Puzzles in this game were I suppose challenging for  child but they were not impossible. This is a great game for all ages and a great buy as well.
Love this game. Although the graphics aren't the best since it's N64 and earlier on.... I enjoy everything about it (still keeping in mind the limitations of the time such as the 'invisible walls' and oddly prism shaped bottles etc). The story is well done and unlike other Zelda games, all of the items are used. There were some early on copies with a song/chanting in the fire temple that got taken out in later copies because some people got offended by that and the mirror shield (I have one such copy) but even with that in mind, it's still an amazing game with great music and it sort of ties all of the zelda games together like a central hub. It all comes down to this game.... definitely worth your time to play.
What can I possibly say about this game that hasn't been said a million times.Perfection.Groundbreaking.Beautiful.Just some of the words that come to mind when I think of Zelda 64.Zelda was my introduction to RPG's and what an introduction it was.The good.Everything.Graphics, story, pacing, etc...Insanely difficult in parts, I still can't beat the water temple without the walk through.And Ganon in the painting still has to be one of the coolest boss battles of all time.The bad?Nothing.One of the games that not only defined the N64 but a game that set the standard for excellence in RPG's.One of the best...ever.Highest recommendations.
This game is the best game on my n64 next to nightmare creatures, this game feels like final fantasy, with Kingdom hearts it was the best selling game on the n64. If you still have one you should pick this one up.
What can be said about Ocarina of Time? I still remember that commercial from the late 90s. It told us that a "dark time is approaching." My interest was piqued. Then I realized it was a Zelda game. As a huge fan of A Link to the Past, I thought "ZOMG that looks awesome! I need to get this more than I've ever needed to get anything!" I remember reading about it in GamePro and obviously being interested, but that commercial sealed the deal. I knew I had to have Ocarina of Time, and that Christmas, my mom got it for me. Cheers!A lot has been said about OoT over the years. It has been referred to as the "Best Game of All Time" by some, and the "Most Overrated Game of All Time" by others. I'm not really in either camp, but I lean closer to the former group, I suppose. If you haven't played it yet, you should. It's out on a variety of platforms and there's even remake of it with better graphics, but I would still recommend the N64 version if you want the same experience people had back in the 90s when OoT was THE GAME you needed to play.Story:You are Link. The Great Deku Tree, guardian of the forest in which you live, has summoned you. It's revealed that you must visit a far off castle and meet a "Princess of Destiny," and doing so brings you square into a struggle for the fate of Hyrule -- nay, the world -- itself.Gameplay:To complete your quest and save Hyrule, you must boldly enter into many dungeons which are filled with fierce skeletal warriors, human-sized spiders, horrible ghosts, and... immobile venus fly traps! Completing a dungeon gives you an item for the main quest, and completing all of the dungeons will allow you to face the final boss. There's much more to it that, but I'm trying not to spoil storyline specifics for those who haven't played it.Hyrule is a vast world. One of your in-game guides tells you that "You can go wherever you want." That's true, to a point. There's a lot of exploration in Ocarina of Time. The game is always trying to point you toward a certain place, but whether or not you go there is often up to you. In an interactive world such as Hyrule, you can do many things. Why go see what's on Death Mountain when you could pour water into all of the soil patches in Hyrule? Or why go play the Shadow Temple -- which does not have any attractive Gerudo women -- when you could go to the Spirit Temple, which does? The exploration is one of OoT's best features, and it's probably better than any Zelda which came after it.Controls:They work well enough. You don't have the full on camera control that some of the later Zelda games give you, but personally, I never found it all that essential to the process.Ocarina of Time introduced a "Z-targeting system" for aiming at enemies and talking to non-playable characters. What you do is get near an enemy/NPC, press or hold Z, and then press a button to talk to them/attack them. The system pretty intuitive and well made, so much so that its successors have yet to really improve upon it.Music:*90s gripe* Where is the classic Zelda overworld theme? Oh, we can hear it for like five seconds in the Hyrule Field theme? ARE YOU SERIOUS? But seriously, the music is pretty good. The Hyrule Field theme which I just mentioned is a good theme. The music does a good job of fitting the areas which you visit, for the most part.Some later Zelda games use too much ambient music in the dungeons. OoT is guilty of this too, but only to a small degree. Apart from the Water Temple's melody, there's nothing that makes me want to relax and do some meditation or whatever while hearing it. :POh, and I'm sad to report that the "OoT Commercial Music" is not in this game... :(Replay Value:It's pretty massive. You can do some Temples in different orders than you did your first time through, or you can use different items to progress through the Temples. I summed it up in a sentence, but there's hundreds of hours of replay potential there in just finding all of OoT's possible variations.Like in the original Legend of Zelda, you can do the "Three Heart Challenge," which means you can complete the game without any of the health upgrades from beating a dungeon. Essentially, that's playing Hard Mode (although it isn't really that hard).But if the Three Heart Challenge wasn't enough, OoT lets you tack on additional stipulations to make replaying it even harder! There are technically unnecessary items which let you breathe underwater and resist intense heat. Not getting them limits the amount of time you can spend in relevant areas. On top of all that, you could even as far to skip the health upgrades which halve your damage.______If you call yourself a gamer and have not played Ocarina of Time, what are you? Some undercover non-gamer sent in to infiltrate us!? Go play it now!
Reading magazines from 1996-1998 one thing you couldn't escape was a some kind of mention of Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It was all over the place. Popping this in my N64 when I took it home I spent literally 2 hours just exploring Kokiri Village just cause it was so fun. But then I realized &quot;oh yeah there's more to this, isn't there?&quot; And that's when the fun started.Graphics: Although you can probably debate this, this has one of the best graphics you'll find on the system. Lot of areas just drop that &quot;wow factor&quot;, like when you first enter Zora's Domain or the game's many cutscenes.Sound: Although there's no voice, except for Navi's annoying &quot;Hey!&quot; and an occasional &quot;Hello&quot; from her or Link's grunts, it's got some awesome music. One thing I love is the short ocarina songs you play, such as Song of Storms, Zelda's Lullaby and Song of Time, plus general area music. Although the overworld music isn't like what it was on Link to the Past, it's still great.Story: The story starts off with Link having a bad dream about a mysterious man and woman. Then Link is summoned to the Great Deku Tree where he fills Link in on his quest and it goes from there. Even though it can be a quite simple story, it's just a huge epic story that kept me interested.Gameplay: The infamous Z-Targeting system that's spawned several developers to use it in their own games. The recent Star Fox Adventures uses this. Your C-Buttons are for your weapons. B is your sword and A is your action button(Talk, Jump, Climb,etc.). You'll know this system by heart cause Navi tells you how many times about it within the first hour. Camera is excellent and the Z targeting helps.Even though you might be able to find this, I suggest you pick it up. Dust off your N64 and dive into what is one of the 90's most critically acclaimed and commercial masterpieces ever.
The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time is a definite Classic. I've owned this game for a good 6 years and it's just extraordinary and fun, but at the same time educational. In this game you must do alot of thinking and find out where the secrets are. So in other words, it's a magical adventure game.The graphics are actually good (for it's time) and the gameplay is easy to get used to. The controls are also simple and the whole storyline is just well thought out and I can definitely tell that they put alot of time into this game. In my opinion it's the best Zelda game so far.Now I will tell you the beginning of the Story so you can even feel more excited about getting this game.As a young baby boy, your mother was killed by an evil person. Now you have no home and have to move to a place called the Kokiri Forest. This is a place where people never grow up and aren't allowed to leave the forest. They're called the Kokiri. But you're different. You really don't belong in this forest, instead you belong out in a world called Hyrule. You're a Hylian (normal people who actually grow up). You're out there to defeat Ganondorf. Ganondorf, most likely the person who killed your mother, is a strong and evil person who wants to take over Hyrule and become the King. The only person that can stop him is you (Link). Now the question is, will you be able to defeat the mean and evil Ganondorf and save the world of Hyrule?If you think (or know) you can take that responsibility, then I suggest that you buy this game along with the N64 (if you don't have one) and experience something very special. Like I said, it's a definite Classic and will keep you entertained for hours on end! You won't regret it!Thank you for reading and I hope I was helpful enough.
I've beaten the game 20 times and I'm still not bored of playing it. If you haven't played this game then PLAY IT!!!!!!! you wont be sorry you did. This is much better than all the other FINAL FANTASY and rpg crap out there.
This is one of the best games I have ever played.  Even shooting the arrows is fun, you can actually use your shield to block getting hit.  Just incredible.  The only bad thing I can possibly say is you almost have to buy the strategy guide or else you will likely get stuck on some levels.  There are a few dungeons that I could not find my way out of without buying the guide.  But overall great game!!
Whoever hates this game should be shot! This is one of the greatest games ever! It's the best of Link! GameSpot gave it a 10! Anyway, enough prasing it. On to my review...Graphics: 10/10: Looks really good for the time. Big, vast valleys, long mountains, clear water, beautiful guts of Jabu-Jabu...Sound: 10/10: Clash! AHHH! HAHA!  HIYA! Beautiful Ocarina sounds! BOOMM!Music 11/10: Beautiful music. Ocarina songs are deep and moving. Composed beautifully.Gameplay: Infinity/10 Awesome! Go through many dungeons filled with tough enimies and hard puzzles! Talk to people in town! Play many, minigames! Stealth! This is  extremely fun and addictive! Hidden items. You can also find 99 Gold Skullutas! Play an Ocarina! Controls are flawless!One of the greatest games of all time. Don't play it-live it!PS. Why has Amazon combined OOT and MM into one? It's confusing, and it's depleting the rating! Also, Gerry Atrick, the reviewer above me, was that troll review even nesscery? You said to contact you  if anybody knew how to get out of the Deku Tree. Well, 1: Look on a gaming site and 2: How can anybody contact you if they don't know your address. And NO, there isn't a cheat to make Link naked. It's E-rated! Ah well, whaddya expect from a guy from Ireland...
You must own this if you like games. It's spectacular in every way, perfect. It creates a breathing world you care about and love, while having this awesome, deep story and Adventure.
This game has crossed the "I Like You" line. It's just like the old one from NES, although, I know about the dungeons and the weapons because I have the old one. So, it's fun to play for a while until you get to the Water Temple, it gets confusing there. So, use the Player's Guide to cheat, so that you won't get stuck. I played a long time ever since it came out. It was the game that caught my eye and though I had to have the game. I am a Zelda fan and I hope that you have fun playing it as well. I just like to see Link grow up.
This game is just sickeningly good and nothing else since has matched it's gameplay, depth, charm, design and atmosphere. It is absolutely flawless and perfect.When it came out 3 years or so ago i was hooked to it immediately and i finished it in about a month. But since then i finished it around 10 more times and i still enjoy playing the full game today after 3 years! It is that good. The controls are absolutely perfect and the targeting system works perfectly for most combat situations.The atmospehere of the levels of the game is just the best ever in a game to date. For example in the mysterious forest the Lost Woods, u can actually feel it's mystery from the excellent music getting louder as u reach it's source and the way the whole place is designed.No videogame fan has an excuse not to play or own this. Words cannot describe my love for this game. (Sounds stup[id but it's true) You will so nostalgic even when u meet the characters again for the 20th time. It is just a gaming masterpiece and i doubt it will be bettered for a veeeeerrryy long time to come unless the new gamecube zelda follows the same direction and improves it with a larger interface and new fresh ideas.BUY IT it or u will miss out on the best game ever. yes the best game ever..  all i can say is if u havent for some reason BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT...
Zelda 64 is defenetly one of my favorite games for the N64.  It has a fairly good story, it's interesting enough to make you want to know what happens next, and it has a gameplay that's unbeatable.  The combat system is very simple and great.  You have your z locking on system which makes killing enemies a piece of cake.  There is so much to do in this game that it's comaprable to a good RPG, something that N64 hasn't been blessed with yet.  The graphics are pretty good, especially since they don't use the expanssion pack, and the world is just huge.  One down side is that some puzzles in the caves can be pretty tough, and sometimes, you may feel lost and don't know what to do next. The bosses look very impressive and get more challenging as you progress through the game.  This game will defently take a couple months to beat, unless you play 24/7.  After you master the game, then it'll just take a couple of days, like any other normal, or great game.  Nintendo has defenetly done a great job with this one.  One thing I didn't like about it is that it has gotten eaiser than it's predicessors. I've started playing Zelda games since the SNES days.  Back then, it was Zelda: A Link to the Past.  The game was tough.  I'll admit it, it took me a year to beat that. That game was also HUGE.  But now, 3D has made things eaiser, which I like and don't like.  But another thing I don't like.  They keep on changing the whole story of Zelda. Those of you who played the SNES game will know what I'm talking about.  There, Link didn't live in a forest, and there wasn't a guardian fairy.  And the whole world changed too.  Well, maybe it's for the best, but I wouldn't mind if they made a remake of it, maybe for the GBA?.....
With almost three years in the making, how did The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time stand the test of time itself? As a prequel to the entire Legend of Zelda series, it has caught heavy anticipation. Ocarina is a prequel to the events before A Link to the Past. Link is a child, whose destiny is to save the land of Hyrule from Ganon (Gannondorf here) by traveling through time. You'll meet up with other characters in the adventure and interact will fellow Hylians, Kokiri, Zoras, and other civilations who aid you on your quest to save Hyrule. Ocarina of Time is one of those controversial games that the series has carried all along. In the end, the game is an Action/RPG, and should never be classified in the style of traditional, turn-based RPG's (like Final Fantasy).New additions to the series are automatic jumping and Z-targeting. The emphasis of the Zelda games has always been puzzle-solving and dungeon arrangement. You also build your attributes, receiving items including the Ocarina, learning songs whose purposes range from teleporting to opening doors to time traveling. Along with mini-games, hidden items and side quests equal, its a worthwhile experience. Graphics-wise, Hyrule never looked better and most effects in Ocarina of Time are outstanding. No need for sharp visuals and smooth framerates, but rather focus on detail and designer talent. The real-time cutscenes and the passing of day and night are impressive. The sound also holds its own on this cartridge format. The themes of Zora's Domain and Gerudo Valley are music to the ears. Zelda fans will remember tunes of Kakariko Village and Zelda's Lullaby. A big plus is that all the sound effects from previous Zelda games have made a comeback.In the end, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time makes the cut. Even though the gameplay consists mainly of dungeon-dwelling and puzzle-solving, the impressive graphics, quality sound and everything that's been obtained from previous Zelda titles will keep fans and non-fans alike entertained. It's fun.
Ok, I figured I'd throw in my opinion as well. Mainly, this review is for people who have not played the game yet and are wondering if they should. Perhaps you aren't too into RPGs or whatever, so it is my job to convince you! First off, it's more of an RPG/adventure combination, since it doesn't use conventional RPG techniques like turns or experience. But that is a good thing, because the way the game is structured allows for near-total freedom as you play it. Yes, like some people have said, you must beat the dungeons in a certain order, but there are about a million other things you can do whenever you want, and that just expands the boundaries of this game even more. It is truly the greatest game I have ever played, that is no exaggeration. The graphics and the sound are wonderful, the puzzles are NOT as easy as some people are saying -- the Water Temple is maddening! -- and the character development and depth of play is unmatched.Majora's Mask is almost as good, but what makes Ocarina of Time better, in my opinion, is the fact that it is sort of the &quot;ultimate&quot; Zelda game, meaning it starts from the beginning and recreates the entire story of Link and Zelda and Ganon, and it is a completely stand-alone and definitive game. Majora's Mask, on the other hand, takes place right after the events of Ocarina of Time and has a very different structure. The three-day cycle you must live through makes for an extremely enjoyable game, but the only downside is you can't take your time and relish everything like you can in Ocarina of Time.Either way, though, Ocarina of Time is a beautiful game.
The best game I ever play.  In fact, I beat this game in a week.  It's a good deal and is worth the money.(big time)
Ocarina Of Time is definitely the best game on the Nintendo 64.Super Mario 64,Perfect Dark and F Zero X are awesome but Ocarina Of Time is the best out of any other game on the system.What else is there to say about a game that changed the way we look at Role Playing games forever?The graphics are awesome(some Game Cube games dont look this good) the music adds excitement and the challenges are excellent.Whereas the difficulty in Super Mario 64 stayed pretty much the same throughout the game Ocarina Of Time gets harder when you get to be a better player.Also you get an extra heart after beating bosses because youll need it.Its very challenging I still havent beaten it and am not sure if I ever will.Easy games can be a lot of fun but they just arent as substantial as a game like this.The challenge makes it fun as well as the graphics and controls. Its just a great game and is a must for any Zelda fan or just someone who loves challenging games.
What isn't great about this game? I'm so glad that this game has so many reviews because it definitely deserves it. Ocarina of Time remains one of my favorite videogames of all time. Yes, the generation of gaming is getting wider and graphics are getting beautiful with each console but The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, on N64, doesn't add up to them. Well, at least to me it doesn't. I've seen a few 1 star reviews about people bashing the game only because it's no "everquest" or "Halo". This game is so good that you don't compare its style or graphics with something in today's modern gaming. This is an old school game. You just don't compare old games to new ones. I believe there's a favorite for every generation. This one happened to fall into the N64 genre, when gaming was really starting to pick up. And honestly, you think over 700 5-star reviews were written all by children? We were children when we all played the game! And looking back as adults now we cherish it as a classic and one of the best in videogame history. Kids that didn't get to exprience the NES, SNES, and N64 missed out on a great gaming genre and though the generation of gaming today is awesome there's nothing on the classics.Ocarina of Time remains my favorite game of all time, even before some of my new favorites and there's nothing like turning on that N64 and playing over and over again. I never tire of this game. It is a true classic.
GAME TYPE: Role PlayingSYSTEM: N64GRAPHICS: Awesome, especially for its timeDIFFICULTY: Moderate, it depends if you want all the items and secrets or not. Not hard just to beat however.AGE RECOMMENDATION: 12 and upCHARACTER QUALITY: Love themPLAYBACK VALUE: There is always something fun left to do!GOLD CARTRIDGE AVAILABILITY: I have one :P They don't make them anymore but you may be able to find one used.Link, the courageous hero of time, must save Hyrule and Princess Zelda from the powerful wizard Ganandorf. Along the way Link will meet many people who can help him on his quest, as well as provide items and host mini-games to make it more fun. Can Link defeat Ganondorf and save the Triforce? Buy this game and become part of the adventure! Travel through time to play both child and adult Link. Ocarina of Time never gets boring or tedious, and is neither too hard nor too easy for any level of gaming skill. If you missed it in 1998, it's time to get it and get in on the action! The sequel, Majora's Mask, is also cool.
I remembered a time my older brother borrowed this game from a friend of his. I liked it so much but when it came to the time for my brother to give it back i was upset. But no worries I was 7 at the time when that happened now that I'm older i was able to buy my own copy.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time may be difficult at times for some of the temples were designed to make you think but this game is the best game I have ever played in my entire life.I have been playing nintendo for years and I have played some of the older Zelda games before but I never owned any, as soon as I tried this game - I immediately loved it and I've played it millions and millions of times.  I am so obsessed with it, I went out and pre-ordered the Wind Waker to get the Zelda bonus disc and renewed my subscription twice to Nintendo Power to get the Zelda Collector's Edition disc.There is no need for me to review this game - all I really need to say is buy it.  You will not be disappointed (if you are a nintendo fan or have a brain).  Definitely be sure to get the follow up Majora's Mask and the Wind Waker.  A must play and Link is the best hero ever.
Go out and buy it and play it yourself and see what I mean ok. The level's are great and there is alot to do. The places that you go are in the mountain's lake's valley's and in cave's and a little ranch somewhere? Link lives in Kokiri Forest.In the game you have to get three stones somewhere. One in the Deku Tree and One in Goron City and One in the Zora's Domain. Some time in the game you will be older, by the time you look around the place will be dead.You as Link and you have to save the world form evil form the evil king name Ganondori and his evil plan's before it's too late. And save a beautiful princess name Zelda. And you get to meet other characters in the game too some are cool some are big and some are small.Buy the (The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of time Official Strategy Guide) it's a big help to me and you if you with it.Everything Revealed to YOU.PS. I know everything in the game do you. I PLAY IT AND I LOVE IT.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time is an incredible game and is one of my top ten games of all time, but it is neither the best N64 game or the best game in the series. It is the second best of both. The best N64 game is Mario 64, and the best Zelda game is the Wind Waker. That said, this is one of the most innovative, most fun, and most interesting games of all time. The overworld is HUGE, there are a ton of items and weapons to collect throughout the game, and there are plenty of interesting enemies and bosses to fight. Ocarina of Time is a true classic.Presentation- 90/100Graphics- 98/100Sound- 96/100Gameplay- 99/100Replay Value- 96/100Overall- 97.5/100
This last year of 2003 ET did a survey about the best video game series ever. Zelda one there poll and this game is one of the reasons why.Ocarina of Time tells the continuing story of the Zelda universe. In the Zelda timeline it takes place before the other games. As usual you are the hero Link. You must save the princess Zelda. You have different quests you must finish and many obstacles that will block your way. The story is that Ganondorf the evil wizard is trying to take over the world. Equipped with the Ocarina of Time you will travel time in your quest to save Zelda, Hyrule, and the world.This game is jam packed with stuff to do. I'd say you have a garunteed 40 hours of gameplay. It has all the classic Zelda weapons and more. You get to ride a horse across the country side and do some impressive underwater work. There are just so many impressive factors.I love this game. I can't thing of words to describe how good it is. If you have an N64 your collection is not complete until this game is put in it.
Let me put it like this, if I had to destroy every videogame I own except one, this is the one I wouldn't destroy. This is simply the greatest game ever made. I'm not going to insult this game by trying to describe the storyline or graphics etc.. You have to experience it for yourself. Most helpful thing I can do is tell you how you can get to play this. This game has had dozens of ports. One came on a bonusdisc for Gamecube with "Windwaker" in 2003 and another came in a collectors edition (Master Quest) also for gamecube. If you can't get ahold of one of these, the original for N64, or a ROM you should buy a Wii and download it from the Wii Virtual Console. It will be worth the while.
Back in the late 1990s I wrote two articles for a now defunct game website about "Ocarina of Time". One is a review of the title, and the other is the how in many ways Ocarina of Time feels like a remake of the eternal SNES classic (and my personal favorite Zelda game), THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: A LINK TO THE PAST. Rather than leave them unposted, I issued them on Amazon back in 2007, one article on the "Collector's Edition" ("Zelda 64 a Remake?" and and one on the "Regular" edition (an actual review of the game). When the 3DS version came out, I wrote a review of that and included both articles on the review as well for bonus content. Originally this review only featured one of the two articles - I am now putting both articles up.Mike London, 9-9-2012-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This commentary on "Ocarina of Time" was written as a gaming article for a retro-gaming site back in May of 1999.  I was going to post it on Amazon but for some reason never got around to it.  Mike London, November 3, 2007Article 1: Does "Zelda 64" really live up to all the hype?[Blurb: With all the hype, its hard to be objective about OoT.  Is it the best game in the series, or does it have to settle for second (or, egad, third?) best?  Is it like Star Wars Episode I, all special effects and no substance?  Find out a few thoughts from a fellow gamer!]The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is easily one of the most hyped games of recent gaming history.  In fact, I think I could safely say it IS the most hyped game yet.  There is only one thing that can compare to it in terms of hype, and this product is in an entirely different industry.  Star Wars: Episode I had the same amount of coverage.  Being a big fan of both, of course I've beat the game and have seen the movie.  And they have one thing in common.  They're both eye candy.  But how do they hold up to the rest of the series?  In my opinion, The Empire Strikes Back is by far the best Star Wars movie.  But what about OoT you ask?  How can I defame such an instant classic?One reason mainly.  In the original and in The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past, (I can't speak for Zelda II because I haven't beat it yet) the ending was spectacular.  Not the game ending, for The Legend of Zelda was produced in the Stone Age and there was much ending wise, but the last dungeon.  Ah, the last dungeon.  Only recently (like December 23, 1999) have I beat the first quest of The Legend of Zelda.  That last dungeon on Death Mountain was a killer, a true challenge that you had to match your mettle with to get past it, save Princess Zelda and beat that nasty ol' Gannon.  It was truly a great dungeon.  Now skip on past those five years between the release of the original and the SNES version.  What have we here?  A dungeon comparable to that in the original Legend of Zelda!  Everything is bigger and better in the SNES version, including the last dungeon.  Whew, and I thought the original was harder, but no way!Then, in 1993, we see the release of the Game Boy version of Zelda.  The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening was released to a very receptive crowd.  But guess what!  No end dungeon!  In terms of dungeons, this is the smallest of the Zelda titles (again, not including Zelda II).  You beat eight dungeons, and then you go and beat the Wind Fish.  Personally, I'm half a dungeon away from completing this Zelda game (Dungeon Seven, which I completed half of, went and beat eight, and now I'm back on the last half of VII).  That last dungeon was challenging, granted, but what about that classic end dungeon?  No where to be found here.  Granted, it's a Game Boy game, and it is huge for that consol.  So that offence is not to serious.  And we did get a new dungeon, though not the ending I was hoping for, with the Colour Dungeon on DX, which was the rerelease of the classic game for Game Boy Colour.After five long years, The Legend of Zelda: Orcarina of Time was released for the N64.  So cool!  Link in a 3D adventure.  About time too.  Mario, the cash cow counterpart to Link, got his 3D adventure way back in `96.  Of course, I bought the game.  And of course, I beat it.  It is an excellent game.  Truly it is one of the great classics.  But one flaw keeps it from edging out The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past.  The end dungeon absolutely sucked.  That is my only disappointment with that game.  As I was nigh the close of the Shadow Temple, I was really looking forward to getting into Gannon's tower.  I was expecting a great closer dungeon, just like in Link to the Past.[Spoiler: If you haven't beat the 64 version of Zelda, don't read this]What did we get?  Instead of a great closer dungeon, we got a door way that was blocked by barriers.  What did we have to do?  Go thru six rooms and beat whatever was in them, then go and shoot the barrier corresponding with each temple to open the pathway.  And what did I get?  A great disappointment.  Sure, this might have been a good way to end a novel or something, but to end a Zelda game like that was horrible.  The Game Boy was forgivable and acceptable, but this ending to Zelda 64 was truly despicable.  That has been my biggest disappointment with the Zelda series.[Spoiler Finished]Others say The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is the best Zelda game.  I have to disagree.  Don't get me wrong.  It is easily one of my favorite games of the N64.  It's a great game, very innovative (espically that nifty Z Targeting feature) and an epic in its own right.  But for what the system is capable of, The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past beats it out of the coveted title of Best Zelda Game.  LTTP is huge.  It fully utilized the SNES technology.  It had a full twelve dungeons, two of which the sole purpose was to beat the bad guy, and not try to retrieve any medallions or crystals or pendents or pieces of triforce or what ever.  That's one more than the original has.  (LoZ has one closer dungeon for each quest.)  After you beat the bad guy twice, you go and fight Ganon.  There were plenty of side quests for an SNES Zelda also.  Overall, for the system's capabilites, LTTP is my favorite.But what about The Legend of Zelda: OoT?  My two chief complaints are these:1.  Weak closer dungeon (as I spent a good time detailing up above).2.  Not enough bad guys to kill in the Overworld.All other Zelda games, including the black sheep of the family (Zelda II), has plenty of bad guys to kill in the Overworld.  But what have we in OoT?  A few measly skeleton dudes at night, and some giant flying plants that you can hardly get too in Hyrule Field.  Give me the old Zelda with bad guys streaming at you in every new screen.  For all the time they put into it, you don't think it would be to hard to correct this problem.Then we come to another mistake Nintendo made in the N64 version of Zelda.  Granted, LoZ had two main tracks, one being the Overworld theme and then the dungeon theme.  They could have had more variety, but it was back in the Stone Age.  That Overworld Theme became pretty much the theme of the entire series.  And guess what they decided to omit music wise from OoT?  The Overworld them from the original LoZ!  I couldn't believe they did that!  Hopefully we'll see it in Zelda Gaiden.  Maybe the Triforce will show up in that game too.  Just a thought.Now, after railing on OoT for a great majority of this article, you may think I hate the game.  Quite the opposite, really.  It's a great game, and worthy to be in the Zelda Series.  (Gee, it sounds like I'm defending Zelda II, which I've already done in a separate article).  But it has been the single most hyped up game in the history of Nintendo, and it is totally out of balance.  Great 3D game, but would have been better had it corrected the problems I stated above.  It's a fun game, and I had a great time beating it.  It provides a lot of enjoyment.  But, just like Star Wars: Episode I, it just can't live up to all that hype?  I wonder if any game (or movie) could actually.[May 9, 1999.  An article originally written for NintendoLand.com.  I've written four released articles and one unreleased article (dealing with SMB 2).  It will have to be edited.  Also, perhaps incorporating part of the structural symmetry article.].....--------------------------------------------------------------------------Article 2:[Originally this was written for a retro-gaming site back in early January, 2000. It has never appeared on Amazon.]Zelda 64 a Remake?[Blurb: Zelda 64 and SNES Zelda has several similarities, almost to the point that the basic game design of Zelda 64 is a remake. Read here for more information on this intriguing phenomena! Just a few thoughts from a fellow gamer!]After playing the course of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, I've noticed something very intriguing about it. It seems to be a rehash of what I feel is the best Zelda game: LoZ: Link to the Past. Why do I say this? I say this because there are several structural symmetries that lie between Zelda 64 and LTTP.Lets examine it. For one, there are three pendants you have to acquire in LTTP. This is after you go and rescue Zelda and leave her at the temple. Well, this time around, you don't rescue Zelda, but you do go and talk to her. After that, when you get the three pendants, you go and she is kidnaped. This is after you get the Master Sword in the Lost Woods. In Zelda 64, you go thru the first part of the quest, getting three spiritual stones. After you get those three spiritual stones (which I think the tower on LTTP is much better than that d----- Lord Jabu Jabu's belly. I hated that dungeon! =)), you go to the town. Guess what, as Link approaches, there it cuts to a cinema, and Zelda is kidnaped by Ganondorf. Hmm . . . haven't we seen this story before? It turns out that you have to get 5 of the Sage's medallions. Rauru conveniently gives you one, so we can cut the sixth one away. Only by getting the six sage medallions can you open the bridge to fight Ganondorf. How intriguing.In the superiour SNES Zelda counterpart, it is seven crystals, and you don't get one given to you. Link wakes no sages this time. Instead, the seven maidens of the wise men descent have been hidden in deep dank dungeons, and Link has to transverse thru 13 dungeons all together, 5 the first part, and eight the second part. They are challenging, fun, and intriguing. Granted, Zelda 64 has some great stuff. But it is not as consistent as LTTP. After you have gone thru the seven dungeons (two more than in Zelda 64), you now have all seven crystals. That's great! Now, go to Death Mountain, and by doing so you will open the way to Ganon's big bad temple.Okay, what do we have in Zelda 64? You go and get the five medallions, plus the one that Rauru gives you as Link. Guess what? Now you have to go to his tower, and open the rainbow bridge with the six medallions.* Hmm . . . isn't that what we did in SNES Zelda? Why, I do believe it is, Watson!Another issue yet addressed is the Light World/Dark World. Zelda 64 does the same thing, save this time it is time traveling (I'm not even going to go into the impossibilities of time travel on this . . . that's a whole separate article in itself). In SNES Zelda, you have a little mirror the old man gave you. There are eight transporters located thruout Hyrule, transporting back and forth. If you are in the Dark World, you can use the mirror to go into the Light World, making a temporary transporter. Well, in Zelda 64, there is no mirror or transporters (the closest to a mirror is the Lens of Truth, found nigh in the Shadow Temple). But if you go and put the sword back, then you go back to being young. That creates two versions of the same world to explore. That structural symmetry corresponds to LTTP. Not only that, but at the end if the first three stones, Link goes to the Temple of Time and gets the sword. This is after the three Spiritual Stones goes into place. Hmm . . . isn't that what happened in LTTP? After getting the three pendents, Link goes to the Lost Woods and retrieves the Master Sword. But he cannot do that until he has all three pendents. Well, that's the same in Zelda 64. He can't get the Ocarina of Time, now can he retrieve the sword, until he wins the corresponding three spiritual stones. I swear I've played this game before . . . . ; )The real question is why did Nintendo do this? Well, Miyamoto is a great gamming god, but as far as stories go, his team is not that good at having connecting story lines that make sense. Again, another article, another time. The structural symmetries lying between Zelda 64 and LTTP is quite frightening. Who knows why they chose to do that? Granted, the story line is different, but quite a few of the fundamentals behind both pieces are indeed the same. In review:A Listing of Structural Symmetries between SNES Zelda and Zelda 641. SNES: First Part, Link goes and retrieves three pendants after rescuing Zelda. This is to get the Master Sword. Upon doing so, and after giving the Pendants up to retrieve the Sword, Zelda is kidnaped.2. N64: Link, after receiving a mission from the Deku Tree, goes and wins the three Spiritual Stones. Upon doing so, he goes to Hyrule City, but not before learning Zelda is kidnaped. He places the three Spiritual Stones in their place, and the Door of Time is opened, and there the sword is. Retrieving the Sword, goes to the Temple of Sages, or whatever it is called. Is given first Sage Medallion.3. SNES: After winning the three pendents, Link must now go between two versions of the world (Light World/Dark World). Link must go back and forth between the two worlds to beat the game.4. N64: In this great stunning adventure, Link must go between two versions of his world. One is when he is young, the other when he is an adult. This is achieved by putting the sword back in its pedestal. Just like in SNES LTTP, Link have to go back and forth to finish the game.When he is an adult, things are noticeable more evil, for Ganon's power has grown.5. SNES: One version (Light World) is good because not corrupted by Ganon. Version II (Dark World), is an evil corrupted version of the Light World.6. N64: One version (Young Link's world) is not corrupted by Ganon's evil. Ganon has just recently showed up. Version II (Adult Link's world), is an evil corrupted version (albeit older) of Young Link's world. The only difference is in one its two different versions of the same thing, in Zelda 64 it's the time barrier. But for game play, they're the same.7. SNES: He, Link, must recover seven crystals hidden in seven dungeons (sounds logical). With the maidens' power, they will open to door to Ganon's castle.8. N64: Link has to recover five medallions to open Ganon's Tower.9. SNES: The (massive) closer dungeon is a tower.10. N64: The (weak) closer dungeon is a tower.11. SNES: After beating Ganon, you save Zelda, who had been kidnaped. Although one could argue you save her in Turtle Rock, she is still imprisoned in the Crystal with the other maidens, each in their respective Crystals.12. N64: Sticking to the standard Nintendo story, after recovering the medallions and beating Ganon, guess what, Link saves Zelda. There's a shocker.13. SNES: There are various mini-games, heart pieces, and extra things to do. This trend is continued in Link's Awakening also.14. Zelda 64: Stuck with the trend of mini-games, four heart pieces to make a heart, and extra things to do.15. SNES: In some of the houses, you can find a picture of Mario on the wall.16. N64: In Zelda 64, after meeting Zelda, look out the window, and you can find some pictures of Mario, Luigi, Bowser, and the Princess. Yoshi also comes up. Malon and Talon wear Bowser amulets also. Just goes to show, Nintendo likes cameos.As you can see for yourself, the various structural symmetries between Zelda 64 and SNES Zelda is quit a few. If Miyamoto wanted to do a remake of LTTP for N64 that's what he should have done, I suppose. This, as far as story goes, is pretty much an update with little changed. Its like they took the game's basic plot, changed the circumstances and added where appropriate, but allowing the basic structure to stand. And, although both are great games, sadly, SNES is better, consistently with each dungeon getting a little harder and more complex. But I love Ocarina of Time all the same. This just helps support my believe that Nintendo is first and foremost a gaming company, not a writing company.*In all previous Zelda games, the end dungeon was in the mountains. This is the first game in the series to break that trend. The first three (Zelda I, II, and LTTP) their dungeon was in Death Mountain. Link's Awakening, Link's only Game Boy adventure (currently) is in Tal Tal Mountains. At least we have something that broke one of the several trends running thru this classic series.
This is one of the best games I have ever played.  I love the gameplay.  It was easy to control the character.  I also enjoyed how it wasn't a very easy game.  When a game is challenging, I play it more and more.  In fact, I still play this game today.  Very good game.
Ocarina of Time is a massive, epic Action/Adventure game out for the N64.  Many have been tempted to call it the best game ever (just read some other reviews) but I would step back from that.  It is still one of my favorite games, despite the fact that I play mostly RPG's.  By the way, Zelda is not an RPG, even though you do talk to people and have a sword.In Zelda you play as Link (Zelda is the princess, not the main character) as you go on a quest to save the world from the evil Ganondorf by freeing each of six spirits from their different temples.  You change between times, where you are adult or child Link, and you have to switch often, and do different things in both, and each time has different weapons and items.  The time-traveling aspect of the game is one of the coolest parts.The real-time combat is a lot of fun, and fairly well put together.  It involves a 'Z-targeting' system in which you can select a monster and then keep it in the center of the screen and move around it.  The fights against other monsters with swords and shields are great as a result.  Z-targeting is not perfect, but it works well.The dungeons are all awesome, and very unique.  Each dungeon is mostly based around one particular item or weapon, its own gimmick, but despite that they really don't seem forced, and stay fresh all the way through (although, the last couple dungeons aren't nearly as long as the others, almost like the designers started getting bored).  For the most part the dungeons aren't too difficult if you know what to do, but it is very easy to get stuck if you don't, and the game often leaves you on your own to figure out what to do, especially on side quests, so having a good walkthrough nearby is helpful.The overall story isn't too great (for the most part, "save the princess"), but many of the individual events and side stories are neat.  The characters and different races which populate the world are cool, especially the Gorons, which are one of the best races ever.  The bosses of each dungeon are awesome, as well as being original, and can usually be beaten by hacking them up, or through the use of special tactics.  It's always good to have a choice.Despite how good it is, Zelda isn't perfect.  The graphics, for example, are nice, but they are old, and on the N64.  The music is okay, but mostly just ambient, and the classic Zelda overworld theme is conspicuously missing.  Having to constantly change which items you have equipped is also annoying, even if there isn't really a better system available.  Some would say Zelda has an almost kiddy atmosphere and suffers from an occasional lack of seriousness (I would tend to disagree).  And of course, the fairy is annoying, but no reason to like the game any less.All in all, Zelda is a great game, and a must buy for any N64 owner, as it is one of the best Action/Adventure games ever.  If you are looking for an RPG, look elsewhere.  This isn't one.  And be prepared to get a little frustrated.  Zelda is pretty long, especially if you do everything there is to do.  Maybe 25-30 hours if you run straight through, but  it could take many more depending on how much extra stuff you do, or how often you get stuck.  Have fun.
This is truely the best game for 64 becuase link is so cool. This is probabaly the best zelda game. Ganondorf is the man and you beat him in this game. If you havent played this game, i dont know but anyways in this one you could be big link and little link. Not like in majoros mask where you could only be little link. This game is way better than majoros mask. If you still have 64 (get a gamecube, so you can play windwaker)you need to get this great game.
This has been deemed the best-made game of all-time, and even though it's going on 15 years since its release, I can't disagree.People complain that this game has no replay value, is too easy, and the graphics aren't good.Well, I've revisited this game several times since it came out in 1998, and I haven't found a lack of replay value; there's so many sub-missions, I don't see how you can't think of this game as novel and new every time you replay it.This game has a perfect balance of gameplay for first-time gamers and extra sub-missions for experienced ones. Think it's too easy? Obviously you haven't gotten all the heart pieces, found all the Skulltulas, earned all the jars, achieved the Biggoron sword, or caught the Hylian Loach. Any one of those tasks would create a challenge for anyone.Complaining about the graphics? Sorry, the game isn't on XBOX or Playstation format. In 1998, this game had state-of-the-art graphics. As I am in the process of beating this game for a third time in 2011, I still don't find the graphics something to complain about.This game excels in both gameplay and storyline. I find it hard to believe that anyone who has played at least half this game would say they "hate" such a masterpiece.
This game is truly phenonemonal. From the amazing graphics (for what it is; a N64 game), to the music, to the challenging gameplay, to the engulfing storyline, the "Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time" is a must-play for any age. You start the game off as young Link (or whatever you want to call him), who lives in an enchanted forest where young never grow old. Inside the forest, there is a godly tree, who could be considered to be infinitly wise. The tree senses Link has the power to overthrow a great evil which is arising, and tests him to the dungeon inside of him. Link comes out, sucessful, and the tree tells him the story of the great evil which is arising. From then on, you play young Link, and must overcome many obstacles. As a child, there are 3 dungeons, and the tree's counts as one, so you're making some time, right? WRONG. There's much more to this game then beating dungeons. As a child, you can't acess as many of the things, but after you advance 7 years to the future and attain the Master Sword, many of these things are then open to you. As a child, you got an ocarina, in which you must learn songs on to access special places or do special things. Now, you can do all those things, and more. My personal favorite is Epona's song, in which you place a horse's (Epona) song, and it comes to you, in which you can ride across Hyrule Field to get to places twice as fast. As a child, you have weapons like a stick (whoopey), a sword, a shield, a sling-shot, and Duku Nuts. As an adult, you can handle 2 swords: the Master Sword, and the Giant Sword, which is so big you must handle it with 2 hands, which means no shield. You also have the hook-shot, Megaton Hammer, bow-and-arrows, and magic crystals you can do different things with. I cannot begin to explain how amazing this game is. I'd buy a Nintendo 64 all over again just for this. Now I have a Playstation 2, and I still have my Nintendo 64, but only play two games on it; this, of course, and Super Smash Brothers. Now, do yourself a favor, buy this game, and experience teh magic yourself.
First off, this game is very good considering it had very good graphics (for an N64) and sound. Second of all, the storyline is the best I've seen in ages. The boy from the woods that no one knows becomes the Hero of Time... I would reveal more, but I do not want to spoil the game. Third, the gameplay and controls are easy to master, so you probably wont be swinging your sword at an enemy when you intended to throw bombs at it like games with complicated buttons. (; Fourth, the thing that makes Zelda, well, Zelda! The dungeons. The puzzles in them are chalenging and fun. The scenery in the dungeons (and everything else) is amazing. Fith, the enemies are unique and mystique, making the worlds you explore even cooler. Overall, this game is THE top must have of the N64 gaming system. ...
I'll keep this short, as most people have probably already played this, but when this game released in 1996 there was literally NOTHING like it. no fully 3d adventure with the calibur of Ocarina of Time existed in those days. the sheer quality of this game was unheardof in 1996. the graphics were smiply beautiful for their time, and the gameplay was near perfection.You start the game as a young Kokiri boy living in the forest village with your friends and the old, wise Tree of Life. when darkness strikes your small corner of the world its up to you to delve into the tree and find out whats truly hurting and potentially killing him. after solving the situation in your home a much broader world of discovery and adventure opens up to you, and its up to you to save Hyrule.after completing 3 childhood dungeons and playing the song of time in the temple of time, you find yourself frozen in a time warp for 7 years, waking up at age 18 (i believe) waking up in adulthood you make your way across 5 more dungeons before conquering the final fortress, and facing one desperate final stand from the evil thats been behind all the trouble from the start.Truly epic in every way, considering the year it was released. Ocarina of Time is still the greatest game ever created in my opinion.10/10
Since Amazon is sort of combining Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask into one review, I will write a review for both games. Both games have been remade for the GameCube, and I own both the original N64 version and the GameCube version. The gameCube versions were released if you bought a GameCube at a certain time and if you pre-ordered the Wind Waker.THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: OCARINA OF TIMEThis game started out as you as the "Hero of Time". You were the only forest child without a fairy, and the Great Deku Tree sent the annoying little fairy to you. When you go to the Deku Tree, he says you must get these Spiritual Stones to open the Door of Time, and a bunch of other crap like that.Sound and Music: 9.5/10.0 This game has one of the best scores in the video game world, and the ocarina songs are very good. 100% credit to the music makers of all the Zelda Games, these are some great songs. The only problem is you can't shut it off. Sometimes it gets annoying, and it doesn't help if you are stuck on a level for hours.Graphics: 2004: 4.0/10.0 1998: 9.0/10.0 In this day in age the graphics are so good these look like horrible. If this game was released today, everyone would laugh. Back in 1998, these graphics were the best out there. But the good thing about them is you can see the faces unlike some of those games fromt hat time it made you go blind.Difficulty: 10.0/10.0 This game is HARD! I beat it barely without a strategy guide, and you can be stuck on levels like the Forest Temple and the freaking Water Temple for MONTHS. If you beat the game with a strategy guide, you take the challenge and fun out of it. You also won't have many broken items, like controllers or TV's.Gameplay: 1,000,000.0/ 10.0 It is considered the best game ever, and was the 1998 Game Of The Year. You could do EVERYTHING in this game, and it is very fun doing all those side quests and other crap. This game is like no other. No other game can match this, none of that Final Fantasy or any other RPG match it, it is the best Nintendo game ever made.THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: MAJORA'S MASKThe game takes a huge turn in Majoras Mask as young Link goes out with Epona from Hyrule. No Ganondorf's in this game, because it revolves around Majora's Mask, a mask stolen by this little imp from the Happy Mask Shop guy from OOT. You have three days to get the mask back, but you must keep going back using the Ocarina and the Song of Time.Sound and Music: 9.5/ 10.0 It is like a carbon copy of Ocarina of Time, and the suspensful music is very catchy. The game has great music, ALL ZELDA GAMES HAVE GREAT MUSIC.Graphics: Same As Ocarina of TimeDifficulty: 9.5/10.0 Not as bad as Ocarina of Time, but that doesn't mean it is not frustrating and challenging. You can't be scared away by the challenge of these games because they are just too great.Gameplay: 10.0/10.0 The whole mask collecting concept is very fun and it a change from beating Ganondorf like in all the other games. You will feel deja vu of Ocarina of Time because the characters are the same, just different. The game is fun and a great challenge. Overall, these games are classical N64 greats!
Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time is a classic.  It should be played by every Nintendo fan and fans who are not big on Nintendo.  The Zelda series is infact a big popular series but this one defys all of them.  Ocarina of Time is a stand alone Zelda classic.  It is not only the best Zelda game but it is possibly the greatest game ever created on a console.  The story line is oh so brilliant and the graphics(even for todays standard) are unbelievable.  Anyone who owns a Nintendo 64 needs this game.  This game is pretty old and pretty cheap(I lost my game so I baught one for 5 bucks at Gamestop)so it won't be hard to find.  This game infact shows what the Nintendo 64 is capable of.  The game is very well made as you play through a huge world...well not that huge..  And I will say this..(I may be exagerating this though) But the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time has one of the best "boss battle finale" ending ever..Ubelievable..Graphics in this game a superb.  There were parts in the game were I would just stand there and stare at the ocean, houses anything cause it looked so beautiful.  I loved how they created the bosses especially the last one and it was amazing how realistic they made the horse look.  Nintendo scores big with the graphics.  The gameplay is magneficent.  I loved how it was all made and done.  I really can't get into this one, you'll just have to play this part for yourself....The sound is..My god...It's beautiful I even downloaded all the songs.  I loved the song were your in the temple and you get the Mastersword cause they made that song really well.  The music in the farm were Epona is was made extreamly well and was just BRILLIANT!  As I've stated the story in this game is just plain good, though it obviously has the "save" themed plot as you all know and I won't really get into the plot since there is already like 500 reviews saying what the plot is about..Sure the game is old and outdated, I guess..But so what..The game is still one of the greatest games of all time.  I'll put it in simple words for you, the game is flawless!  The game has an amazing plot that will suck you in, the gameplay is fun and classic(as well as riding Epona the horse)and music is just plain beautiful, the enviroments and atmosphere of the game as just as incredible as the game itself is and as I stated before...Ocarina of Time is simply the greatest video game ever made(and if it's not possible then it has hands down the best video game ever made, no the best video game OF ALL TIME)....Get this game you will not regret it!5 out of 5!!!!(if I could I would give it 100000 out of 5)
In this, one of two installments in the Zelda series for the Nintendo 64, you once again take on the persona of young Link (or whatever you choose to name him), as he embarks on a quest to save the land of Hyrule from the dark forces of Ganon.  One of the great conflicts in Nintendo history, second only to that of Mario and Bowser.  You start the quest as a boy and end up as a man.  Along the way, you will fight many monsters, explore dungeons and temples, rescue a horse (great for traveling through the world of Hyrule quickly), engage in numerous side quests and mini-games, learn many different tunes for your Ocarina, pick up a number of weapons and other helpful items, meet some gorgeous fairies, and in short, have a wonderful gaming experience.As with the other Zelda games, this one is filled with different puzzles of various types, most of which you MUST complete in order to advance in the game.  They are engaging, but not too difficult to figure out, for the most part.  There are a few, though, that I had a tough time with.  Not to fear, though, there is plenty of help out there, both in books and on the internet, to aid you through those difficult spots.  The controls are wonderfully intuitive.  Navigating through Hyrule is much like controlling Mario in Super Mario 64 (and the game does, at times, suffer from awkward camera angles like Mario did), and there are good tutorials in the game itself that teach you the ins and outs of fighting monsters and defending yourself.The Z-targeting system is excellent, once you get used to it.  You don't really need it for some of the early monsters, but by the time you become an adult, it will be essential.  In addition, you have a little fairy buddy, Navi, who continually travels with you and is always willing to give you helpful advice on what to do next after you complete a given task.  Navi will also help you with advice on the weak spots of the many different monsters you will encounter throughout the game.As I mentioned before, there are a number of side quests throughout the game.  They're not essential to finish the game, but they are a lot of fun, and some of them will get you prizes that will make the later stages of the game a little easier.  One word of advice - when you reach Lake Hylia, be sure and talk to the two scarecrows!  Later in the game, you will be glad you did.  Also, be wary of purchasing too many items in the various shops and bazaars.  They have many useful items, but they are also VERY expensive, and almost everything in there can be found for free in various nooks and crannies in the game.  Also, be wary of Gorons who want to sell you a Giant Sword.  Don't say I didn't warn you...Although you do not NEED a Rumble Pak to play the game, your gaming experience will be enhanced if you get one.  The Pak will be set off whenever Link gets near a secret area, which are sprinkled liberally throughout Hyrule.  These secret areas contain goodies that you really don't want to miss out on.All in all, an excellent game which showcases the abilities of the N64 to great effect.  Games like this are why I will always remain a Nintendo fan.  But, don't take my word for it - pick it up!  You'll be glad you did.
THIS GAME IS AS GOOD AS THE SOUNDTRACK AND MAJORA'S MASK. IT IS ONE OF THE BEST I'VE EVER PLAYED.
Im not even that far(I just got past those guards)but I can tell this is a classic example of electronic excellence and is a classic that anyone lucky enough to know its out there can discover.
I played this game and never wanted to stop. In my opinion, this is the best RPG game ever. It is fun just to play, and run around. The graphics are great, and it is just plain fun. What is also nice is that getting past certain parts of levels aren't very hard, and you don't get upset playing it.Pros:1) Great graphics2) Great plot/storyline3) Characters look great4) Easy figuring out what to do5) Just plain funCons:1) Ummm
This is the best game I have ever played.It has very good music,grapics,and the story is great!I really love this game,but the only really big problem with this game is that it has this one(long and boring)temple that is very hard,and(please)don't take this game lightly,the bosses are hard,but the story is so good that you will want to play this game again and again!But the other Zelda games are lame!So only (if you want to)buy this game and maybe 'the legend Zelda A link to the past'.  PROS:the story is great,It's a fun game,and the great fairys(Fairys that will power you up and give you new weapons) are easy to find.  CONS:switching around the camera is a little bit hard,and finding the goldskull tokens(gold coin like tokens that you win from beating spider monsters)is easy at the beginning of the game but hard at the end.  This is a great game,so I would recommend it to anyone who likes fantasy games,I would also recommend'final fantasyI&II dawn of souls'and'The legend of zelda:the wind waker'.
Although I like the SNES Zelda best, you really can't make a game better than this one.  Sometimes a game is made that goes above and beyond 5 stars.  This game is like that.A vast amount of items, all found in unique ways.  Awesome.  Lots of giant evil bosses.  Awesome.  Lots of underground hidden stuff.  Awesome.  Lots of weird folk to talk to.  Awesome.  Time travel in a HUGE mythical world.  Awesome.  Lots of mini-games to play for cool prizes.  Awesome.  Just so many awesome things packed into this ONE game.  I usually only recommend rentals, but a rental wouldn't do this game justice.  You have to buy it, you have to beat it, and you have to find every secret.  Live this game, and every now and then, live it again.I'll also recommend buying some kind of strategy guide, or looking for tips online to find everything.  I've heard that there is a giant monsterous eel-like fish in the pond, but I have yet to catch anything like that.
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is the greatest game in the entire Legend of Zelda video game series.  Period.'Nuff said.
everything a video game is supposed to be! Lots visually diverse landscapes and effects, intriguing gameplay and endless oppotunities for exploration within the framework of the game. No boring moments here! The horse is certainly a nice touch (being a bit of a horse fanatic myself). Provides a fairly lifelike representation of horse riding. Nice soundtrack, and the interactive music play was quite satisfying. All in all a well designed game. Wish they were all this good!
There always comes along trend setters that some how cannot be bettered! Zelda is one of those games ,its challenging enjoyable adventurous fun!!!!!!!!!!! i loved every minute of it even though at times i wanted root out my hair i have no regrets having this game in my collection,one of the best games ever on 64.even though the 64 era has ended if you are a die hard gamer from time to time you may want to go back this game is definitely worth playing again and again there's always something you would have miss that you can find the next time around.
This title might be the best game ever. The best title for the N64 it is, beyond any doubts.- Graphics: I haven't played much N64, but, for all I know, this is the best you can get in the plataform. Beautiful enviroment, landscapes, well-designed characters, different places and detailed textures for this plataform. The graphics are hot, I mean it! And you didn't even need graphics, this game would be great even without them. This game will be forever known because it has changed the world of games with such 3D graphics plus the lock-on camera, this game will be forever reminded because of that. Approved graphics.- Sound: This game has the best soundtrack ever, if you ask me... Nearly every song in this game wins a 10/10 score. I really want to find a soundtrack for this game, because both the Ocarina songs and the in-game songs are awesome. Characters don't have voices, except when they scream, when they're scared and this kind of thing, so the voice acting isn't great. But the sound wins a 9/10 because of the nearly perfect soundtrack.- Fun: This game touches you with a great story, great characters, great songs. You really feel as if you were Link in the beautiful land of Hyrule, and that makes the game so good that you can't say it's not fun. When you feel like the character, you just can't stop playing, even in the boring parts (in other words, the Water and Fire Temples). The different times you play and the many secrets hidden (I mean it, many secrets, I highly doubt you can get them all!) makes the game even greater, even more perfect.- Educative: I really don't know why this game is rated E for Everyone... I feel like the game has some scary parts (in other words, the cemitery and the Shadow Temple), so it should be rated T for Teen, even though it has no great violence, no red blood (just green blood sometimes). But you parents shouldn't worry about that. This beauty must be taken to your children.Overall, there's nothing to say. I don't know what you're doing reading my review if you haven't played this game yet. This is one of those games you must beat during your lifetime (The Wind Waker, the last game in the series, is very good, but it isn't nearly as good as Ocarina Of Time). It might take a long time for you to beat it if you're always busy, because the game is not short, but you must try. It'll be an unforgettable experience to be Link in Hyrule.
When the Nintendo '64 was first introduced to the public in 1996, the game "Super Mario '64" revolutionized the gaming industry with the introduction of 3-D gaming.  However, it wasn't until two years later that Nintendo really perfected the 3-D adventure genre with the release of "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time"."Ocarina" is, for lack of a better word, a nearly perfect game in almost every sense.  The graphics are great (for N64 standards), the music is fantastic, the gameplay is smooth, and the story is incredibly engaging.  Much like the Mario franchise before it, the Zelda franchise (although already somewhat established on the NES and SNES) took a simple character (Mario to Zelda), put him in an interesting environment (Mushroom Kingdom to Hyrule), and pits him against fantastic enemies.Of course, perhaps the true greatness of "Ocarina" is its balance between the essential gameplay and the sidequests.  While this game added more depth (riding a horse, getting items that, while not vital to the outcome of the game, will help you, etc.) than any previous game in history, it also wasn't too complicated (see "Donkey Kong 64").  In the game, Link has a straight-forward mission and accomplishes each objective in sequence...you only need to pursue the frivolous things if you so desire.The quirkiness of the game is also charming.  Along the way, Link meets a talking tree, gets trapped inside a fish's belly, befriends the roly-poly Gorons, and liberates temples that each correspond to some sort of natural theme (forest, ice, water, fire, etc.).  The first time I ever played "Ocarina", and every time since, I found myself amazed by the crazy and colorful characters that Nintendo came up with for each area of the game.Finally, a great adventure games also needs to have an intriguing plot (i.e. the reason why the "Myst" computer game series was such a big success while its clones failed), which "Ocarina" delivers superbly.  Right away, you are drawn into the storyline that includes rescuing Princess Zelda, defeating the evil Gannondorf, and bring peace to Hyrule again.  I know it may sound cheesy, but without an engaging plot the game would have been little more than a sword-slashing RPG with a few puzzles thrown in.Thus, I recommend "Ocarina of Time" to all gamers, whether young or old, beginners or experts.  The difficulty curve is set as such that you will be able to steadily improve your skills in time to defeat each obstacle before you, while enough really challenging side quests exist that you can also hone your skills to a "tee" if so desired.  So whether you want to fire up the old N64, dust off the old Gamecube (for which a version of "Ocarina" was released), or buy the game on the Virtual Console of your Wii, do so with confidence that you will instantly be charmed by this amazing work of video game creation.
Even though this game is almost 4 years old-it is still one of the best games that the N64 has to offer.  Why?  Well dear reader I will tell you why.  SUPER MARIO 64 is a gaming revolution,  it was the game that everyone had to have.  It took Mario into a whole new atmosphere.  The world that is inside Princess Peach's(aka Princess Toadstool) castle is immense and highly imaginative.  Although the graphics may seem a little bit dated(it was a launch game remember that) it is still a sight to see.  As far as play control goes, it is a bit difficult to get the hang of moving Mario around, but once you get used to it then controlling Mario is a breeze.  In fact it is some of the best playcontrol that a game has to offer.  The Super Mario 64 storyline is familiar to Mario fans but at the same time a touch refreshing.  Yes Peach is captured but she is being held prisnor in her own castle(in a picture in fact), and one of the funnest parts of the game is hanging out outside.  One of my problems is that Luigi is not in the game, in fact no mention of him is made either.  Nintendo should have left the Mario Party franchise alone and focused on creating a Super Mario 64 2, but alas they didn't.  So if you own a Nintendo 64 and don't have this title, or are thinking of buying a N64, then get Super Mario 64 because it is by far a true gaming experience.
1996 was a fairly important year in the realm of video gaming. The Super Nintendo Entertainment System dies out in the United States. Diablo comes out for the PC. However, the biggest news is the launch of Nintendo's amazing new system: the Nintendo 64, which was lauded for its beautiful graphics and a brilliant new controller.Two games were released along with the system. There was Pilotwings 64, which was not exactly what was expected, but the other game was called the greatest game of all time (as of 1996, that is, at least in the eyes of critics) by several source. And it really was.The first thing that strikes your eyes is its delicious eye candy. The first thing that pops out at you after the title is Giles Goddard's Mario face. And boy does it look good! But enough with the intro. It's time to see whether the game itself passes the graphics test.Answer? Yes it does. Even after five years, Super Mario 64 is still one of the most beautiful games for Nintendo's crowning glory (speaking from a fanboy's POV.) The character and tree designs are very outdated by today's standards, but the water is still lovely (though surpassed) and some of the brick and stone backgrounds still are the most realistic that I have ever seen. Today the graphics would get a C by reviewers, but back in 1996, this game would get an A+.But who cares how it looks. Let's see how it sounds.The answer? Great! Before 1996, Nintendo fans never had a chance to hear Mario talk, but the first thing that greets you when you turn on the system is a jingle and the words "It's-a me, Mario!" and "Hello!" while a remixed version of the classic Mario theme plays in the back. But again, this is only the intro. The question is whether games sounds that good.The answer, naturally, would be even better. Mario comes packed with a large batch of sayings including "Mama mia!", "Here we go!" and "Press start to play!" Unfortunately, everything else (other than Peach and Bowser) don't talk in anything else other than words. But remember the fact that this is a first generation cartridge game, and if people complain for Zelda, then they shouldn't complain here.The music and sound effects are just divine. Outside the castle, you are greeted with the happy chirping of birds and the roaring of a nearby waterfall. Enter and the cozy castle theme starts playing. Each of the levels come equipped with music that ranges from peaceful to energetic to somber. The Bowser fight music ranges from rock to organ music, and it's all wonderful.Now that the graphics and the sound are out of the way, let's get into the meat of the game: the gameplay.The first thing most people would notice is how different this is from traditional Mario games. There are only 1-Up mushrooms, and the only pipe that appears is in the very beginning. However, Super Mario 64 is 3D, and most of those elements just wouldn't work in a 3D game.The story, according to the manual, is that Peach invites Mario over to the castle for a cake. When Mario reaches the castle, he is greeted with a gruff voice. Wondering what went on, Mario explores the rooms and finds a giant painting where he can jump in. There, he finds himself in a new world, with a giant Bob-Omb on the top. He fights and defeats it (you'll have to do that part yourself) and gets a star. Later, he learns that Bowser has attacked the castle, captured the Princess, stolen the Power Stars, and has sent his army to take over the worlds inside the paintings, then the world itself.Yeah, so it isn't much different from other Mario games, but that's not the point. The point is, there are 120 stars out there (although 70 is need to beat the game, but where's the fun in that?) for you to collect. Your misson to explore 15 worlds to find those 120 stars.Well, instead of having a Super Mario and a Mario like in past Mario games, Mario has 8 life bars. Hitting certain enemies would make him lose 2 life bars, as well falling from semi-high heights. Burning Mario's butt will make him lose 3. Certain other enemies and falling from really high heights will make him lose 4. But don't worry. Coins and water will replenish your health. If you lose all 8 or fall down a pit, you lose a life. But for every 50 coins you get with a star and every 1-Up Mushrooms, you get a life.Your moves include the standard running, punching, butt-stomping, as well as the kick, the long-jump, the wall-kick, the side-somersault, and the backflip. You can also swim! There are three special caps that gives you special abilities. The Flying Cap gives you the ability to fly. The Metal Cap gives you the ability to walk underwater and be immune to enemy. The Vanish Cap gives you the ability to walk through enemies and certain walls. Mario most employ all of those ablities to save the Princess and the world.The Nintendo 64 controller, with its analog stick, makes it possible for Mario to perform the tasks successfully. (Just imagine travelling in a 3D world with a D-pad.) Some people complain about the camera angles and how you have to control them with the C-button. It may be annoying at first, but eventually you'll get used to it, and it'll come naturally, and you'll learn to play with the bad angles.Super Mario 64 not only has good graphics, good sound, and good gameplay, but the fact that it is revolutionary (in that it brings gaming into the 3D world) makes it not only the best game of 1996, but possibly also the best game ever. That's right, even better than Castlevania and Super Metroid.
This game was the premiere launch game for the Nintendo 64 when it premiered and despite the fact that it is only a single played game, pulls off fun gameplay and great graphics. Despite the fact of newer systems like Xbox, PS2, and even Nintendo's own Gamecube, I would still be happy to have this game sitting on my shelf next to games like Red Faction and Halo. This game prved itself showing off the power that the Nintendo 64 had and showed it off to the loyal people who bought one instead of a PS-X and even those who (like me) bought both a Nintendo 64 and a PS-X. But, not to mince words I'll explain the game. You are Mario one of the most well known characters in video game history. You play through this adventure all in 3D. This was one of the true selling factors of this game as it was Mario's first true step into the Third Dimension (Hushed Gasp). But, the game sold great and over time has proved in it's own right that it is a classic.
Super Mario 64 was the first game to be available for the N64. I remember the first time it came out, how it's graphics, music and gameplay really amazed me. Sadly, very few games came after it to give much competition. To this day, it still remains one of the best N64 games out there. The sheer scope of the game is enough to pick it up. It's made up of 20+ levels that can be played in a semi-non linear order. The graphics are bright and clear, and the animations are creative for each character. Gameplay is pretty deep, but extremely intuitive and becomes second nature after playing for a short time. The real plus in this game is the music, some of the most catchiest to be written for a game to date. Pick this one up for both its historical value and for the fact that its a great game.
I don't know how many times I've played this game from start to finish.Like a lot of people my decision to buy a N64 was based on the Mario 64 commercials.The WOW factor was in full effect.When I got home and started playing it literally felt like the first time I experienced Atari or the Sega Genesis.Blown away would be an understatement.The game itself?Perfection even with a few minor things.The good.M64 ushered in a whole new age of platforming.Brought us 3D platfroming that was just about perfect in every way.The graphics for it's time were second to none.The control was spot on.The story line was simple but cute like all Mario games.Hidden secrets like being able to wall jump up to the roof.I could go on and on.......The bad?My only gripe is the camera.The camera can get quite wonky in places and funny...even to this day bad cameral angles still plague 3D games.Nintendo and other companies have for the most part gotten the camera down with the free moving camera feature. Too bad some companies are still completely clueless.To summarize.Perfection.Groundbreaking.A legend that spawned a thousand imitators, some good, most...not so good.Can't beat the original.Highest recommendations.
I got this game MANY years ago for the N64, and I just loved it! The game presented a large challenge, while at the same time made it very fun! The music is the best heard in a game, the graphics are superb for an N64 title, and this Mario game is a blast! I guess the most noticeable feature are the environments that the game provides. Every environment that Mario enters is just awesome! I especially love the Rainbow level and the Snow level where all of the penguins are. The best feature is the fact that every age group can enjoy the hours of entertainment from the game and they can all enjoy collecting stars from each stage to save Peach and defeat Bowser. Oh, by the way, the Bowser levels are AWESOME! Fighting Bowser himself is very fun as well! The game is also good in the fact that it provides unsatirical yet not stupid humor as well. This is great for younger gamers. I guess the worst part of Super Mario 64 is the lack of replayability. It's like Vice City where it will take months to play and finish the game, but once it's done, you won't want to play it again without getting bored. Once the ride's over, you'll feel like you can't go play it each day, and the game is kind of wasted in that aspect. Overall, if you are a fan of Mario or Nintendo, then this game may just be suited for your needs! My rating-9.2!
The best game for the nintendo 64 IS THIS! Yhis game rocks really it does its one of the best n64 game i have ever played 10/10
The 3D age began when Mario was in 3D. A gem for N64!Graphics: 10/10 For a 1996 game, these look great! It's clear and unfuzzy.Sound/music 9/10 Nice music and Mario talks!Gameplay: 10/10 Mario has to go through 15 vast, challanging worlds. Packed with a huge arsnel of moves, he searches for Power Stars in a "mission" there are also hidden stars in the castles! If you get all 120, you get a reward! Also, Mario has three cap Powerups: Invisibility, Metal, and Winged. You have to find them though.Believe it or not, I think this is one of the finest entries of the series. A must own! It's also being rereleased for the DS!
It was incredible to see this game when it came out in 1996, my brother and I had our minds blown. We lived in this game, and Mario Kart and thought entertainment would never be the same. Years ago, this was the one word on Videogames, it revolutionized everything and no one has duplicated it. A must-own and play. It's...just incredible.
This is a top classic Mario game. I would highly recommend getting it if you love the Mario series! Very good game!
the original party game. the nostalgia that this game brings back makes it a must buy!one of the best games of all times
So what is Mario's quest this time? Save the Princess "Peach" by defeating the evil Bowser, while collecting 70 stars in only 15 levels (all 15 levels are contained in 1 huge castle). It might not be the best Mario game, but it offers a new 3D world and a whole new realism. It also has new features such as an energy feature, where rather than collecting power-ups like the fire flower, you now collect a gold coin and you get a block of energy back! Now Mario has far more of an offense rather than just stomping enemies, he can now throw punches, kicks and slide into enemies, making full use of the 3D plane. The enemies come to life in 3D, such as huge chain chomps, menacing goombas and annoying koopas The graphics could have been better, because they make enemies out of simple colors rather than textures like more recent games have. The music and sound effects are nice, because Mario now has a voice to be heard. There are however only minimal power-ups, such as Mario's Winged hat, which allows him to fly, and Mario's steel cap, making him invincible.
In these decades of the digital world with superior hardware and high definition graphics, I don't believe gamers will ever encounter the same life changing experience as those who have first hand seen Mario evolve into a 3D masterpiece.  The Nintendo 64 is the best console of its time HANDS DOWN!! and Super Mario 64 is a MASTERPIECE.
This is a change of pace for Mario. Its 3D and you have to do tons of missions for each level.While this adds depth do the game it can also make you really frustrated(especially because the N64 controllers are so awkward) when you go to a mission and its really difficult to complete it. My advice is that you should take a break from that level and play an easy,fun one.I wish this game didnt have so many jumping styles though. Mario Sunshine is a thing for us to look forward to but will at be an action/adventure game like this one? Is Bowser even in it?We don't know yet. The one thing we do know is that the Game Cube controller is easier to use than the N64 one and that the new Mario game's guide will be easy to look for. While I still say Super Mario Bros 3 is the most fun Mario game of all time, this one comes close. I prefer Sonic Adventure though. Im not even all that good at most video games (including Mario 64)but even I can tell that Mario 64 is a classic just because the levels Ive completed were so fun and still are.
This game is great and fun to play. They are many powers that you can get like flying and so on. The color of the background is alright. The color look's smooth and rich and bright.There are lot of bosses that you have to beat and alot of stars to find. In order to fine them look very, very, hard you never know a star could be under your nose.The level's are cooler and better than the other old mario games that I playden in a long time.The level's can be very very hot or very cold places or the level's can have water so you have to swim. Or some of the level's can be nice or normal.In the game Mario can do some cool moves like back flip and so on. In the level's you don't get one star there are many star's in one level. Each level has many star's to fine. Get the star's and be very very powerful.
Super Mario 64 is one of the most amazing games I've ever played. In fact, it's my second favorite game of all time, next to Super Mario Galaxy. You get to explore the large levels freely, and do most of the levels in any order you want. Gameplay and controls are simple and easy to pick up,  but they're very fun. Not only do the good graphics look 3D, but the music also sounds 3D. Some things in this game are just too great for words, it's easily the game of the decade for the 90's, easily beating out Super Mario World (The second best), which is amazing. This game is far supirior to that overrated Zelda Ocarina of Time. I rate this game 100/100. It's Perfect!
Super Mario 64 one of the greatest games for N64.Story/Plot: the Story begins with a letter from Princess Peach inviting Mario to come to her castle for a cake she has baked for him. However, when he arrives, Mario discovers that Bowser has invaded the castle and imprisoned the princess and her servants within it using the power of the castle's 120 Power Stars. Many of the castle's paintings are portals to other worlds, in which Bowser's minions keep watch over the stars. Mario explores the castle for these portals to enter the worlds and recover the stars. He gains access to more rooms as he recovers more Power Stars, and eventually traverses three different obstacle courses, each leading to its own battle with Bowser. Defeating Bowser the first two times earns Mario a key for opening another level of the castle. After Mario defeats Bowser in the final battle, Peach is released from the stained-glass window above the castle's entrance. Peach rewards Mario by kissing him on the nose and baking the cake that she had promised him.Gameplay: Each course is an enclosed world in which the player is free to wander in all directions and discover the environment without time limits. The worlds are filled with enemies that attack Mario as well as friendly creatures that provide assistance, offer information, or ask a favor (such as pink "peace-loving" Bob-omb Buddies). The player gathers stars in each course; some stars only appear after completing certain tasks, often hinted at by the name of the course. These challenges include defeating a boss, solving puzzles, racing an opponent, and gathering coins. As more stars are collected, more areas of the castle hub world become accessible. The player unlocks doors in the castle with keys obtained by defeating Bowser in special courses. There are many hidden mini-courses and other secrets to the game, most containing extra stars needed to complete the game entirely. Some courses contain cannons that Mario can access by speaking to a pink Bob-omb Buddy. After entering a cannon, Mario can be shot out to reach distant places. When the player has the Wing Cap equipped, cannons can be used to reach high altitudes or fly across most levels quickly.The gameplay and control is fricken awesome u can control mario in more ways then 1.Power ups: Some courses have special cap power-ups which augment Mario's abilities. The Wing Cap allows Mario to fly; the Metal Cap makes him immune to most damage, allows him to withstand wind, walk underwater, and be unaffected by noxious gases; and the Vanish Cap renders him partially immaterial and allows him to walk through some obstacles such as wire mesh, as well as granting invulnerability to some forms of damage.Abilities: Mario can wall jump, long jump, and many more.Music: the Music is all original nothing has been copied but the game music is awesome for each stage. In short Super Mario 64 is a great game and it deserves respect.This game is a must get in your video game collection. This game also started the trend where super games have 64 in their name for example Donkey Kong 64 Super Mario Kart 64 Pilotwings 64 and Super Man 64.Story 5/5 Gameplay 5/5 Music 5/5 Powerups 5/5 Overall 10/10 = A+
I played this game when it first came out at a friends house but i never bought it. I was not that in to the 64 back then. But now i think it is very fun and entertaning. The graphics r good for the 64, including that it was the first game ever for it. That is why almost everyone who has a 64 has this game. If u take the snes newest games graphics compared to this game, which is only a couple years apart, these graphics seem life like. It has a great adventure but its weird that Luigi is not in this game. It adds much more new items,charecters,and levels. I like that it is first person view unstead of the side view like on the past marios. Ever since this game most marios have been first person view. This is why i want sm64 ds, it is like the 64s but different graphics and differnent layouts. I will get the ds one in the future but thats a different story. Like i said, my top favorite game today.
Okay,the game is very addicting. The sound,graphics,gameplay is all great! But I discoverd something else funer. Super Mario 64 DS. That game is way better. This game is good but that game is something you can't keep your eyes off. Remember when you finish the game and eyerything to do and ther'es nothing left to do, well this DS game has mini games. They are very addicting and fun! You can draw on this as well. The adventure mode takes longer folks. You can play as Yoshi,Luigi,Mario Wario. In The beginning of Super Mario 64,you could just walk in. But thwe DS version is different. You have to collect a rabbit to get in. There is more room's in this castle too with more levels. Instead of collecting 120 stars. You have to collect 150. If you don't have enogh money for a DS and the game but have a N64,dust off the original and have some fun. Or go out and buy your DS and game. Get whatever. You have to play this though. If you don't think I'm right,then you will be sorry.
&quot;Super Mario&quot; is arguably the most successful and most recognizable brand name in the history.  It seems that every time Nintendo releases a new episode in the series, it hits video gaming gold.  From the earliest release of the original &quot;Super Mario Brothers&quot; on the original Nintendo Entertainment System, it has always been a hit.  Even lesser known titles in the series, like &quot;Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island&quot;, stay faithful to the series and produce very entertaining gameplay.  With the dawn of Nintendo's three dimensional, 360 degree rotating platform, Nintendo 64, the question became, &quot;Could Nintendo maximize the potential of this new platform and give Mario a fresh angle?&quot;  The answer, in the form of &quot;Super Mario 64&quot;, proved to be a quite emphatic &quot;YES!&quot;&quot;Super Mario 64&quot; takes the technique of 'multiple goals' for each level (introduced in &quot;Super Mario World&quot;) and expands it in a quite impressive manner.  There are 15 worlds Mario must navigate in an effort to free the Princess who is trapped in paintings in her castle.  The goal is to accumulate at least 70 stars to unlock the passage way the final battle with Bowser.  As each world contains 7 stars of its own in addition to 15 bonus stars around the castle, it would seem to be a walk in the park.  However, all is not as it seems.  Several of the doors leading the different worlds are sealed off either by locks or star requirements.  Therefore, there is a limited amount of ways to accumulate the necessary stars until more stars are attained or earlier battles with Bowser are won.  Of course, this leads to a journey through amazing worlds were Mario travels the depths of the ocean, soars in the open sky, battles over scorching lava, and even gets to sneak through a haunted house.  The variety of worlds and objectives are truly amazing, as are the new moves Mario can make to help accomplish these goals.  No longer content to just move forward and jump, Mario can now do backflips, long jumps, wall leaps, and crawls.One other aspect of &quot;Super Mario 64&quot; that makes it standout is its use of rotating camera angles to track Mario's movements through each world.  It takes some getting used to, but it enables a truly three dimensional feel.  This is game that Nintendo built its release of Nintendo 64 around.  It delivered magnificently then and, with its continual replay value, still delivers today.
Super Mario 64 was and still is one of the best and most revolutionary video game ever made.  The game was a launch title for the Nintendo 64 and boy did the game make its mark on the console.  Sure we have games like Banjoe Kazooi, Ocarina of Time but this game was the first to come out and is still an instant class and started many many famous game rippoffs(Like many people say Banjoe Kazooi was a ripoff but I DIDN'T SAY THAT so don't flame me!)but that's beyond the point, this game is still one of the most beloved video game ever.  When Super Mario 64 launched with the N64 it was indeed a very revolutionary game, it was the first game to present 3d platforming, state of the art graphics and some of funnest/best gameplay you'll see in platforming/action games.  The game is HUGE!  In Mario 64 you WILL be going through many, many stages to collect stars so you can unlock more areas for more stars and ultimatley put the evil bowser to an end and once again save Princes Peach.  I was one of many people who first played this game back when it launched with the Nintendo 64 and when you compare it to todays games the game(to many, but not me)looks terrible but you gotta understand, the time this game was released(96')it was INFACT the best looking video game ever.....period...and even today when I play this classic, it still looks amazing!  Call me crazy but I seriously still think this is one of the best looking video games of not only the mid 90's but even today, it is still marvalous!  The music in Mario 64 was just plain perfect, the music blended in with the games levels and star hunting, words cannot explain how well Miyamoto and Nintendo did for the music,it's just plain good!  The controls are also tight and well focused, I especially love the array of moves Mario has and although the controls may feel abit clumsy at times it never bothered me once!  As for camera, yes there were times were I wanted to break the tv but the reward and satisfaction of getting a star after that trouble feels so good!  Audio, controls, graphics are all A+ and as for gameplay?...Well it depends..Do you like platforming/action/exploring/collecting games because you will be collecting pretty much for the whole game(Stars, duuhhh)and if the answer is yes then this may be the best game you've ever played!  Now for me the gameplay was truly fun and innovative, I never got bored once in this game.  It's so fun, hunting for stars never gets annoying or frustraiting!  Speaking of difficulty the game is perfect, it's not hard nor is it easy like pie(acctually I take that back, for many people this game will be easy if you wanna just beat the plot)but it just gets it right on difficulty, I don't remember ever being frusraited or angry with the game(then again I never did try to get all 120 stars)and just having a great time with the game...it seriously is one of the funnest experiences I've ever had with a game and as I said before....this game is revolutionary!  Now that I'm done ranting and talking about this game I'll just get to it quickly...The Good-One of the best and most revolutionary game ever..period-Back then and even today it is still one of the best looking video games ever made-Loads of things to do-Not hard, but not too easy, it's juuuust about right-The game is just plain fun, the moves, the platforming, collecting, ect-Collecting stars is really fun!-The music in this game is just plain fun to listen to!!-Though the bosses are easy I still think they're just classics!-Will take a very long time to get all 120 stars, and collecting 120 stars means spending lots of time with this amazing title-The worlds and places you visit are all so different and an amazment to look atThe Bad-Some may feel that game is feeling abit dated now(the game is pretty old now!!)-Some will find the graphics to be "terrible" or just "bad" which I find hard to believe-People who just want to beat the games plot and nothing els shouldn't even touch the game(because the game doesn't take too long to beat for plot and if you're planning on not having a fun time with the game and just wanting to beat the game and getting it over with, what's the point of that?)-Some will be angry with the camera-Alot of people today or in the future may get this game and probably nag about how easy the bosses are well cry me a river, if you want a hardboss go play something els....other then that get ready to play one of the best games ever...Overall Super Mario 64 stands up on its own.  The game was indeed revolutionary and braught us amazing visuals, superb gameplay and great controlls aswell as a fun adventure/like plot with lots of collecting to do.  The games music was just great to listen to, the places the game takes you are just so fun and innovative and the moves/mechanics that are enabled for Mario(though limited)are great!  The game is just plain great!  As I stated before, it is one of the best video games ever made and it indeed gets a perfect5 out of 5 stars.....
The Mario series from Nintendo has consistently produced games that are refreshing and innovative, not to mention extremely addictive and fun to play.  First there was the original Super Mario Brothers and Super Matio Brothers 3 for the NES, to Super Mario World for the SNES, and now Super Mario 64 for the N64.  The game is 5 years old now, but it's still just as fun to play as ever.  The graphics and sound make excellent use of the N64's capabilities to create a 3D world that was just jaw-dropping in 1996 and is still pretty awesome today.As others have said, the basic story of the game is classic Mario:  Bowser has kidnapped the Princess, and Mario must rescue her.  To do this, he must collect a minimum of 70 stars from the 15 worlds in the game.  These worlds are accessed by jumping through paintings and other objects scattered throughout the Mushroom Castle, plus there are 15 stars contained within the castle itself.  Although you only need 70 stars to finish the game, there are a total of 120 stars available for collection, and you won't be satisfied until you have collected each one.  The 15 worlds have varying levels of difficulty, but each and every world has some easy stars and some that are very difficult.  It took me about 100 hours total to collect all 120 stars and rescue the Princess the first time.  Each level has a different theme.  Some are on mountains, some are in water-filled caves, and there is one set inside a giant clock.  My personal favorite is the haunted house level.The gameplay in Mario 64 is exceptional.  Mario has many different types of moves, ranging from tiptoeing around sleeping enemies, to a great long jump, to a very difficult-to-master wall jump.  You must master all the moves if you expect to get all 120 stars.  Also, there are three special hats scattered throughout the game that allow Mario to fly, walk underwater, and become invisible.  Again, all are vital for 120 stars.After you finally win, you might expect that you will never want to take on such a huge task again.  But, such is not the case.  Even though you have all 120 stars, you can go back to levels you have beaten and play them over and over, as much as you want.  You'll be tempted to do just that.  The experience of playing through the incredible world of the Mushroom Castle is such that you will be coming back for many repeat visits.
Right off the bat, before it came out, you'd probably wonder how would you ever imagine Mario in 3D. Well, here's your answer: Mario 64.There's 15 huge courses with 7 missions in each (Counting 100 coin stars), with stars for rewards. Those stars help you unlock more levels.At the time, no one ever saw anything like this before. Although the graphics look fairly primitive now, they were still eye candy for most Mario fans, especially back then.Super Mario 64 plays how a 3D game should be played like: With a free camera, flawless control, and extremely playable environments.Getting all 120 stars is the real challenge. (SPOILER ALERT) If you do manage to get them all, you get to visit Yoshi on the castle roof and he will give you 100 lives along with an improved triple jump move.Overall, you know what I want you to do, so do it. Buy the game
Id like to say this game is surprisingly easy(thats a good thing) if you play all the cards right.I got in July of this year and beat it today.The game has great visuals and music and I cant be the only one who feels a tinge of sadness when the screen says The End.I get the feeling not because its a disappointment(it isnt at all) but because it was a real great game with a real great story.Thats also why I like playing it again and again.Nintendo 64 isnt the best Nintendo system of all time (that title belongs to Game Cube) but Mario 64 is one of the greatest games ever made.I feel anxious to put more N64 games into my collection.Ones like Ocarina Of Time,Banjo Kazooie and Majora's Mask. The N64 was slightly disappointing because there just arent enough quality games for it but Id be lying if I said it doesnt have at least 4 classics.Still the time has come for you to get a Game Cube.Namco's Museum is out for it so is Super Mario Sunshine,Metroid Prime,Sonic Mega Collection,Star Fox Adventures,Super Smash Bros Melee,Resident Evil,Super Monkey Ball 1 and 2 and upcoming attractions.Dont be afraid to buy a new Nintendo system but remember to keep the N 64 always.
This is it! The ground breaking game that shot the Nintendo 64 sells thorough the roof and off to space! Super Mario 64 is a game that cant be found anywhere else! It is truly amazing in every aspect from stunning graphics to superbly versatile gameplay. I just couldnt believe that this game could be this good even though it is so old!(yes, it is OLD now!) This game was so dang much fun that they even made it for Nintendo DS! If you are looking for one amazing game and own the best system ever made(Nintendo 64-NOT Xbox, Playstsion 2, or Xbox 360) then look for Super Mario 64. You will not be dissapointed. Guaranteed!
Stupid Sony... they forced 3D games out before anybody was ready. Nintendo was forced to cancel many Super Nintendo games (Doom FX, Star Fox 2, Mario FX) and release the Nintendo 64. Many popular 2D games failed in full 3D. Castlevania, Mega Man... they failed and have not been revived. Did Mario succeed? YES! This game is a legend. I heard about it in 2009 (not 1996) in a Nintendo Power magazine simply titled "Mario". I did not own a Nintendo 64 (this was 2009). The only system I had was an original Wii that we used for Mario Kart. I was somehow able to persaude my parents to buy me a Wii Point Card with 2000 points on it (enough for Mario 64 and Super Mario Bros 3). I downloaded it and was greeted with a happy Mario face that said "HELLO!". Soon I was distorting him to where he had no moustache and had big ears. Then I started the game and got a message from Peach. In her girly princess voice she read the letter, which told Mario she had baked a cake for him. The plumber could not resist and jumped out of a warp pipe onto the castle grounds. I had never played a 3D Mario Game. I stuck to Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, My Sims, and Wii Sports (I was 8 years old). After a little bit of exploring I entered the castle. Instead of a cake Mario got a scary message from Bowser (Who ate cake, I guess). Soon I was hiking up a hill to meet a giant king bomb complete with a moustache and crown. He told me (using fancy king words) that in order to get the bomb I had to defeat him. I defeated him and moved on to the next level, a giant fortress ran by slabs of concrete with faces. Then I started level 3, a snow level. What a level that was! Finding baby penguins, building snowmen, sliding down a slide. Then my parents walked in. My mom said "YUCK! What are those dots supposed to be?". Those dots were snow flakes. My dad said "Are those graphics... 64 bit?" I had not even realized the graphics were bad because I was lost in the creative levels. Each level had an original design with interesting puzzles and obstacles put in the way of the star. Each boss was different and interesting. The graphics are outdate, so what? This, along with Mario 3, really changed my view of video games. Now (in 2012) I have almost no respect for high-powered consoles like the Xbox 360. Kids should play these old games. How hard is it to get kids a $20 card so that they can enjoy a unique classic like this? The challenge is not too much. If you get stuck on one level you can try another. This is a beautiful game that put the Nintendo 64 to its limits.
When this game came out, it was like a historic event.  It felt like there was no longer a limit to what video games could do.  Every toy store had a booth set up where you could give this game a try.  It was amazing to play and amazing to see.This game is still amazing.  The play control is amazingly smooth, and you can make mario do some unbelievable things.  The worlds are amazing.  You can go wherever you want to go, do whatever you want to do.Just look at the difference between this game, and the original Super Mario Bros. for NES.  My gosh, the difference is astounding.  It's amazing how Nintendo could take something so great and make it hundreds of times better in less than two decades.  Sometimes I love progress.
When "Super Mario 64" was released ten years ago, it was instantly the best video game ever created. Simply put, playing this game was a magical, imagination/mind-opening experience; almost a mystical one, in fact. This euphoric feeling and sense of awe that we felt the first time we played this game would never again be matched, at least up until this stage in the video game realm. What made it so amazing was the fact that Mario, who had only existed in 3D in our minds as kids, had now become like the cartoon character we watched on the "Super Mario Brothers" cartoon. The days of Nintendo's rule were the great ones in video games, and it's a shame that kids nowadays won't get to grow up with Mario like us generation x-ers. Every Mario game, for me, was truly magical, but Super Mario 64 was truly revelatory. I spent years of my life playing this game (literally), and still play it more today than another other game available, for any other system. Unfortunately, this was one of the few true masterpieces for the Nintendo 64, and Sony took over with the PlayStation. For me, however, Nintendo and Mario are what video games are all about, and Super Mario 64 was the pinnacle of the entire industry.
15 years later, still a great game.This is a classic in every sense of the word.It not only redefined the Mario Franchise. it redefined 3D gaming.It is a must have it you still own a N64.
REGISTER NOW!UsernameBy now, many Mario fans have taken a look at either the Japanese or U.S. version of Super Mario 64, so we'll spare you (most of) the hype and rhetoric. Having said that, it must be stated that SM64 is the greatest videogame to date, and one which all games, regardless of genre, will be judged henceforth. Nintendo set itself a nearly impossible goal and achieved it with SM64. Look closely, Mario's lineage is 2D -- not ideal material upon which to base the most intensely scrutinized 3D videogame ever. But videogames are, in the end, meant to entertain. And entertainment is at the heart of this fantastic title.Like many previous Mario games, experimentation is integral to the experience of playing. You must explore everything, leave no rock unturned, no mushroom mute, no door unopened. Mario himself has so many possible movements, and the environment is so intensely interactive, that even the least experimental players will spend hours on the first level without achieving anything in particular. The game is initially less accessible than previous Mario titles, although the three-pronged analog controller isn't really where the difficulty lies -- the joypad itself performs excellently. Overall, the biggest obstacle in the game is finding the correct viewpoint. The camera, which moves on its own (unless directed manually by using the four gold buttons), tries to find the optimal angle to view the action, though occasionally you're simply not able to see where you're going. Additionally, frustration sets in as you spin the camera around while simultaneously attempting to run across a moving plank or tip-toeing across a tiny ledge. But getting the hang of SM64 is all a matter of practice , and as soon you catch on, you will execute these skills unconsciously. The variety of levels and scale each world is simply breathtaking. The game consists of 15 massive courses in which Mario can attain seven stars per course, with numerous secret areas and bonuses, including 15 extra stars (for a total or 120 stars). It'll surely take the average gamer 60 hours to reach the third and final Bowser and free the princess (not to mention find Yoshi), so the game's replay value is bountiful. And despite all of their saccharin-sweet cuteness, the graphics are magnificent. Shigeru Miyamoto's dream of producing an interactive cartoon has been fully realized -- the animation is lavish, the textures rich, and even the most superfluous touches have been completely executed. SM64 is not perfect, however. Despite the efficiency of the hardware's Load Management, draw-in is noticeable, and occasionally gamers will look right through walls or objects. Still, this is as close to perfection a game has ever been (64-bit, no less). Super Mario 64 also puts Nintendo's preference of &quot;silicon over CDs&quot; to the test, with pleasingly familiar results. Most owners of either a Saturn or a PlayStation (or both), have by now acclimated to long load times, though grumblingly. Super Mario 64 will remind them of how gaming used to be: load time is nil, and reaching a playable level is only a matter of seconds. From the time you switch on the unit until you're done, the flow is seamless, and moving from one game area to another is instantaneous. Nintendo's musical prodigy, Koji Kondo, turns in an inspired performance, somehow finding room on the small cartridge to create the appropriate music for each world. Even though some tracks are cheesy, others, like the sitar-laden score of the first fire level, are more than effective in setting the mood for the level, and are as atmospheric as any Redbook audio. Also impressive are the sound effects: Mario's onscreen antics are matched by grunts, whoops, and hollers, fleshing out his spunky personality. As a whole, the flagship N64 game more than makes up for any painful delay (or delays) imposed upon the unit's release. SM64 is complete in every way, and the challenging experience of working toward each new level is far greater than the game's minimal flaws. Nintendo's craftsmanship and zeal for creating fantastically enjoyable games has never shown through more than in Super Mario 64. Nintendo 64's early flagship title demonstrates the power of the hardware as well as the creative genius of Miyamoto and team. Not only does the game obliterate every platformer before it in terms of visual finesse, it plays just as well if not infinitely better than previous 2D incarnations of the Mario franchise. 3D worlds are huge and cleverly laid-out so that there's never a dull moment. Secrets play a huge part of the experience, recapturing the classic gameplay style of the series. In fact, this game is exactly as one might hope it would be: Mario in 3D. More freedom, more space, more options, better graphics, improved and elaborated control schemes -- it's all there. Possibly the greatest videogame achievement ever. Don't rent. Buy.
Why is this on the list, because for the time it was the cream of the crop. And its also one of the funnest Mario games you'll ever play. The worlds look great, lots of free roaming and neverending gameplay is why this game makes the list. Still love it."
A wonderful game, and I believe that it is a lot better than the second.  In the second the graphics are solid, but the bad guys aren't the greatest bad guys and plus the levels look alike.  Anyways, in this game you'll jump off prehistoric glaciers, face giant enemies, glide across cliffs and free enslaved Dragons, and collect gems and treasure.  Sure, some parts of this game is a little frustrating, and sure, the camera angles are a bit awkward, but you get used to it and get the hang of it. It's a lot like RP games, where the first time you play it, it is incredibly hard, but once you beat it, you'll play it hundreds of times.  I must have beat this game atleast thirty times.  Probably forty.  Anyways, buy it.  It's worth your money.  The graphics are fluid and spectacular, and at times this game can have some humor in it. It's worth the money, believe me.
Ah, Spyro! Released in 1998 for the PS1, Spyro is the first entry of many. [Although, only the first three were any good, because the newer ones were owned by an poor company.]Graphics: 9/10: Horrible by today's standards, but very good by 1998 standards. Colorful and clear old-school 3-D graphics.Music:10/10: Pretty catchy, nothing really grinds on your ears.Sound: 8/10: Pretty good.Gameplay:9.5/10: You control Spyro, the PO'd dragon, through many worlds. There he must collect gems, rescue dragons, fight enimies, bosses, and other dangers, and also use his trademark flame and charge moves. This game is a bit easy, but it's very entartaining.The game costs about 10$ about now, so buy it!
Graphics: 10/10 - All the Spyro games have amazing graphics and this one is no exception. Fabulous, beautiful, eye-catching! Check `em out!Sound: 7/10 - Spyro's usual flapping wings, splashing water, swishing buck sound and great editing satisfy, even if the overall sound could've improved.Value: 7/10 - Fun to play at the time but you won't go back to Spyro to go and play it again and again too many times. But it looks great and is still entertaining so it's worth the money.Overall: 9/10 - This blew me away with its creativity and amazing graphics. The ultimate original 3D platform game! If you liked this I recommend the Crash Bandicoot games and the sequels to Spyro the Dragon which are even better than this tasty candy.
One of the first games I ever played on the ps1. Spyro is a classic and still fun to play today on my ps2 slim. Great for all ages to play a fun easying going relaxing game. You play as spyro a young dragon that has to rescue all the other dragons from nasty nork to defeat him, but along the way spyro is traveling through different worlds, collecting items and treasures. Make sure you have a ps1 memory card to save your progress if your using a ps2 system.
The original Spyro is an incredibly fun game. Although not nearly as refined as Year of the Dragon, or Ripto's Rage, the classic Spyro is still hours of fantastic entertainment.
I played the original Spyro trilogy extensively multiple times in my childhood, having attained a 100% completion status on the first 4 Spyro games released.  I am no stranger to the series or this game in particular obviously.  I bought this game almost only because of the nostalgic value it has to me.  As well as the fact that I'm attempting to amass a collection of all game console systems and the best of their games, according to my own opinions.But on to the game itself.  As the subject title implies, (for me) it is and always will be, a timeless classic in the history of videogames, as it is almost the first real game I ever played and actually tried and succeeded in completing.  For the time, it's graphics were close to cutting edge, and the story is simple, yet actually completing everything 100%, is quite a difficult task depending on what part you're trying to do so on.  The gameplay mechanics are a little stiff, but no more than expected from a game released in 1998 on a system that has been rebooted 4 times since the one this game was developed for.  If you care at all about great games, or if you played this in your childhood, you're going to want this for your collection.
This game is so,so,so good! You can play it for hours and not get bored! If you are lonely or bored,get Spyro now,now now! It is so great,you'll adore it!
I know this is an old game, but this is definitely a classic to have. When eventually I have have kids, or when my nieces and nephews grow a little older, I'll introduce them to these classic games. This is one of the best PS1 games out there.
Game most played by my granddaughter. She loves the game. It is fun to watch as well. Good game for kids.
Like everyone says, the first three Spyro games on the PS1 were great classics and all the others suck.  Yes, PS2, GameCube, Xbox, Xbox 360, Wii, PS3, and Wii U all have bad Spyro Games.  The only good Spyro games are on PS1 and maybe GBA.  And I'm not just making this up I actually bought a used PS1 to play the original Spyro and I've played Legend of Spyro on my GameCube.  And even though I really like the GameCube, I hated Legend of Spyro.  On top of that, the most modern systems have even worse Spyro games.
Resident Evil 2. I realized I hadn't written a review for my favorite game of all time. Yes, I'm not kidding. This game has it all. Graphics, check. (Still look good today in 2009.) Gameplay, check. Music, check. Gore and zombies, check and check. It just doesn't get any better than this. I loved the original but when I got this game is when I got really hooked into the series.The game is filled with great atmosphere. There's no game that defines survival horror better than this one. This was Capcom at the height of their powers. Silent Hill is a close second in the genre. Resident Evil 2 improved upon the original in many ways. The voice is a little better though it still has moments of cheese. The weapons look better and are upgradeable, the game has two scenarios where your choices make slight differences in the other character's game.Yes this game is survival horror royalty. Get it, I don't care what system you get it for, but just get it.
we have every resident evil game we love the game and we love that the game was in great shape when we got it and how fast we got it
Now THIS is how you're supposed to enjoy blowing through a bloody, violent game!  Blood squirting from moaning zombie bodies.  It's so strange and relaxing to experience this.  I know you will laugh at what I am about to tell you, but I never bothered with this game when it first came out.  Yeah, I know, I lost many friends because of this.  I ignored this game in 1998, and my level of coolness went right down the tubes.  I had to fail math and pretend to smoke cigars to fit back in with my classmates again.Children shouldn't play this game.  If you think it's ok for children to see the two main characters in this game shoot and fry their way through the police station then you might not be a reasonable person.  Yes that's right: you can walk through a police station in this game.  If in real life you have a problem with the way cops sit in a field and watch over you to make sure you have your seat belt on (and not one of those cases where you pretend to put the seat belt on until the cop is out of view and then take it off again) you now have a place to take out your frustrations- Resident Evil 2.The weapons in this game are realistically cool.  I like pulling out the magnum and shooting zombies in the head and watching their heads blow to pieces.  Don't try this at home, but do try this on your Playstation.  The magnum doesn't make much noise so you wouldn't think it'd be such a bad-ass weapon, but you can shoot at the head of a zombie and watch his head quietly blow to smithereens.  You know you shouldn't do that in real life though, right?  You'd go to jail for a very long time.  And if you tried to explain to the police that you were shooting at zombies, you'd only get laughed at by the entire court room.  Use your head.If this game doesn't satisfy your sick animal-like needs, then try looking for the fire blaster thing.  You can cook zombies with this.  It's near the end of the game hidden in a locker.  Go near the locker and press the X button, and it will open and you will say "sweet".In this game you have two CD's.  One CD is for the Leon adventure, and the other CD is for the Claire adventure.  You can choose to start the game with either Leon or Claire.  To do the game completely you have to beat the game twice with Leon and twice with Claire.  I've only ever played this game on easy and I had a blast.  I'm sure on normal it's quite harder, maybe so hard you can't think straight and become dumb.  Of course you aren't dumb, it's just that video games can confuse you sometimes.Man I'm tired.  But I'm never too tired to take a couple hours from my easy-going day and blasting my way through this super cool game.  The only downside is that you can't skip the cutscenes.  That's fine at first, when you want to listen closely to the story (even though I didn't) but after a while you really wish Capcom would have put a skip button on this thing.Still, great game.  It's old, but please don't be one of those people who thinks that just because something is old it's not good.  I've been around people who think like that and they just ain't cool.  Sure, these people get all the girls and all the friends, but what else?  What's "in" sucks, and what's old is cool.  You think I'm wrong?  Good for you.  Buy this game used for 10 dollars today.
RE2 was my first zombie game and......I fell in love with this franchise right off the bat.I grew up on a steady diet of Sega Genesis games then I went to the N64 and my love of all things Mario.Then I finally broke down and got a PS2.RE2 was one of the first games I got for the system and it completely changed my outlook on games forever.I had never played such an adult oriented game. Not even Mortal Kombat came close to how "R" rated this game was.I was blown away.Incredible graphics for the time.Constants scares.Interesting puzzles that really didn't make any sense and still don't LOL.Who cares, they were still a blast to solve anyway.A story line that rivaled the best Hollywood has ever thrown at us regarding the horror genre.I'm not going to go into complaints now as the game is rather old.Did I have complaints at the time?Only one.......the characters control like a walking tank.All of this was corrected by RE4 but that's about it for my complaints.One of the most influential games ever made.It brought adult gaming into the mainstream and proved that not all games have to have cute mascots. (I still love my Mario and Sonic mind you.)Excellence.Perfect in almost every way imaginable.A must play.Highest recommendations.
The series of Resident Evil continues with its sequel Resident Evil 2 on PlayStation released in 1998 and developed by Capcom once again. It takes place in Raccoon City which is the closest residence of the mansion from the first game. This time, the entire city has been transformed into zombies from the outbreak of the T-virus created by Umbrella. You get to play as two characters: Leon S. Kennedy (disc one) who is a Raccoon City Police Officer on his first day of the job and Claire Redfield (disc two) who came into town to search for her missing brother Chris Redfield who was one of the main characters in the first Resident Evil game. Both characters get their own set of weapons and storylines, but it doesn&#8217;t matter what order you play them in.The gameplay features the same basic principles as the first game. You have to solve puzzles, use a limited supply of ammunition, herbs to heal wounds, carry only eight items, and use typewriters to save. It&#8217;s nice they stuck with the original format of the first game and I wish every Resident Evil game in the series was like this.You get some new weapons such as a bowgun, sub machine gun, spark gun and upgrades to Leon&#8217;s handgun, shotgun and magnum. The aiming feels more comfortable and you always seem to be in control of where you shoot. One downside is that auto aim isn&#8217;t set by default. When you start the game, you have to press &#8216;Select&#8217; to get to the options, select the controller settings and set the mode to &#8216;Type C&#8217; to turn the auto aim feature on. A nice new addition is that the character&#8217;s current health can be determined by their posture and movement speed. This makes it easier to tell what condition your player is in and you don&#8217;t have to go to the inventory screen to find out how much health you have like with the first game. The Item Boxes are back where you can store items you don&#8217;t need and pick up later, but a new item you can retrieve is the &#8216;Side Pack&#8217; which will allow you to carry two more items increasing your total to ten. Both Leon and Claire are joined by a support partner throughout the story. Leon is aided by a woman named Ada Wong who is searching for her boyfriend. Claire is aided by a 12 year old girl named Sherry who was told to go to the police station because of the dangers in Raccoon City. But even the police station is infested with zombies and bio weapons. The enemies in this game are really memorable; there are the lickers who are just terrifying and powerful, especially later in the game. Then there&#8217;s Mr. X who is like the Terminator, he always comes back to hunt you down.The most innovative feature in this game is that there are different scenarios in this game. Say you play as Leon and complete the game as him; well you can then play as Claire in that same scenario to find out the true ending. And you can&#8217;t play Claire&#8217;s second scenario by popping in the second disc for the first time to play as her, you have to unlock it first. So in total, there are four possible scenarios in this game.Another innovative feature is that you get a ranking based on the total amount of time it took to complete a scenario, the number of saves and healing items you use. If you do well, you can unlock some goodies such as infinite ammo for a sub machine gun, gatling gun, rocket launcher, unlock special outfits and three new mini games. The first mini game, you play as Hunk, whose mission is to escape the Raccoon City Police Department with the latest G-Virus created by Umbrella. The second mode is known as &#8220;Extreme Battle&#8221; in which you play through the entire map of the game and you have to locate four special bombs to destroy the T-Virus in Umbrella&#8217;s Lab before it can cause a lot of damage. You get to play as four characters: Leon, Claire, Ada and Claire&#8217;s brother Chris. Each has their own set of weapons and you can adjust a difficulty setting to fight stronger monsters including bosses from the regular game. The third and final game mode is called &#8220;Tofu&#8221; and it is the strangest mini game I have ever seen. You play as this giant block of Tofu (Yes, I am dead serious, a giant piece of Tofu) and in terms of the objective it&#8217;s the same as Hunk&#8217;s mission except you play as Tofu, who is only equipped with a combat knife, so it makes this mini game very difficult to complete. I&#8217;ve completed the mode as Hunk, but never as Tofu. The good news however is that Tofu takes a lot of hits to kill so basically the only way to complete this game is to run. Don&#8217;t even bother fighting the enemies, the knife in Resident Evil 2 is just extremely weak and isn&#8217;t worth the time. Still this mode is worth playing just for the amusement factor because Tofu says some funny Japanese phrases whenever he gets hurt. It&#8217;s funny, even though I can&#8217;t understand it. It is also pretty difficult to unlock, you have to get an A ranking at least six times to play this mini game. For the Extreme Battle and Hunk, you only need two A rankings.One thing I didn&#8217;t mention yet is that the music is really awesome. It has orchestral themes and even opera themes and it fits the game very well. There were many different versions of this game. There was an updated version on PlayStation called Resident Evil 2: Dual Shock Edition which is the same as the regular game except it supports the PlayStation&#8217;s DualShock controller&#8217;s analog stick and vibration function. The Extreme Battle Mode I mentioned is exclusive only to the Dual Shock Edition. There&#8217;s also a &#8220;Rookie&#8221; mode which gives the player a Machine Gun with infinite ammo at the start of the game, but you can&#8217;t unlock the other mini games playing this difficulty even if you get an A ranking, you have to play Normal mode to unlock them. Another cool thing about the Dual Shock Version is you can use a cheat code to give yourself unlimited ammo. You just go to the control settings, hold R1 and press square repeatedly until the icon turns red. This version was later released on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation 3.There were also ports on the PC and Dreamcast with slightly better graphics, higher frame rate and an art gallery. There was even a port on the Game com. It was a s***ty 2D black and white handheld console by Tiger. That port is just pathetic; I&#8217;m not even going to discuss it. The best port however is the Nintendo 64 version. The sound on the Nintendo 64 version is better than the PlayStation&#8217;s version, it has updated graphics, new costumes, a setting to adjust the violence and blood color, a more responsive aiming control scheme, new files, cheat codes to give you infinite health and ammo and the most interesting feature of all is a randomizer to place items differently during each playthrough so it definitely has more variety. The only thing it&#8217;s missing is the Extreme Battle mini game. But this port is equally as good as the PlayStation&#8217;s version.Any criticisms I have with this game? Well it&#8217;s hard for me to think of things I don&#8217;t like about this game, I guess a minor criticism is that you can&#8217;t skip the in game cut scenes, you couldn&#8217;t do that in the first game and it&#8217;s a minor annoyance when you already played the game a million times like I did and just want to get through the game. The problem most people have with this game is the beginning. You start the game surrounded by about ten zombies with a slow handgun. The first time playing, you only have a few seconds to figure out the controls until the zombie&#8217;s corner and kill you. It definitely sounds like a terrible idea to start next to the zombies. My strategy is to just run away. Hold square, press up on the d-pad to run and use up-left and up-right to get around the enemies. Once you figure that out, it isn&#8217;t too hard to get past the zombies and give yourself some breathing room. It did take me a while to figure out the controls but I&#8217;ve mastered it and you can too. The voice acting in this game is much better than the first Resident Evil, but still nothing too special. That&#8217;s about all the criticisms I can think of.When I was a kid, I used to play the s*** out of this game and in my opinion; this is undeniably not only the best Resident Evil game, but the best survival horror game and one of the best PlayStation games I have ever played. This game still manages to be very scary, if you&#8217;re playing this for the first time, you are guaranteed to be so scared; your heart will burst out your chest. Trust me; I had my jumps even to this day. It&#8217;s more fun playing this game alone in your room in the dark, with the volume turned up. This makes for a terrifying and memorable experience. I absolutely love this game, it&#8217;s just a masterpiece. I&#8217;d recommend getting the version from the PlayStation Store to play on the PS3 for only $6, or the regular PlayStation version or the Nintendo 64 version. Those are the best options. The replay value is very high for me and I could play this game at any time. You will admire this game and it&#8217;s by far the best in the entire series.
I love playing this game on my PS2. I'm not even going to get the gamecube version because it's exactly the same as the good old PSone version. Very entertaining and mysterious.
I bought this game the day it came out,I was very impressed then and this game still impresses me today,Ilove the story and Leon is my favort charicter.Thats why I am looking foward to RE4 for Gamecube.
Capcom followed up the surprise success of the original Resident Evil with this blockbuster smash in 1998.  Resident Evil 2 had everything the original had plus tons more; bigger more detailed environments, weirder puzzles, more suspense, more blood and gore, and a compelling story that kept the gamer on the edge of their seat.  In this installment you play as rookie cop Leon Kennedy or Claire Refield: the sister of Chris from the first game.  Instead of a secluded mansion like the first game, this time all of Raccoon City has been infected by Umbrella's virus and you have to wade through an assortment of flesh eating zombies, mutated dogs, hunters, a new monster called the Licker (whose introduction in the game is one of the most unforgettable parts in any video game), and some unbelieveably grotesque beasts who will stop at nothing until your dead.  Resident Evil 2 was an instant smash hit upon it's release and has since been regarded as a classic video game and an essential play for any gamer.  Since then, the game has been re-released on other systems such as the Dreamcast, Nintendo 64, and most recently the Gamecube; so now gamers of any generation can play one of the most addicting and innovative games of all time.
AFTER GETTING INTO '' RESIDENT EVIL '' I KNEW THIS GAME WAS OUT FOR A WHILE NOW ,SO I DECIDED TO PICK IT UP  !!IT WAS A VAST IMPROVEMENT OVER THE FIRST GAME . THE DIALOGUE WAS MUCH BETTER ASWELL AS  THE GRAPHICS ! PLUS YOU COULD PLAY AS 2 DIFFERENT CHARACTERS INTHE SAME GAME BUT WITH DIFFERENT STORIES. PLUS NEW OTHER FEATURES AS WELL .. THESE GAMES ARE GREAT TO PLAY OVER AND OVER AGAIN. AND YOU DON'T EVEN NEED TO CHEAT AT THEM. PLUS BEING LOTS OF FUN .. PLAY ROOKIE MODE AND HAVE COOL MACHING GUNS WITH TONS OF AMMO FOR LEON ..AND PLAY '' RESIDENT EVIL -NEMESIS '' TOO !! IT ROCKS MAN ! I NOW HAVE TO TAKE OUT ALL 4 GAMES TO PLAY AGAIN TO DRIVE MY WIFE CRAZY !! SO GET IT TODAY ! YOU WON'T BE BORED WITH TONS OF DIALOG THAT YOU HAVE TO SIT THRU , LIKE IN RPG GAMES. BUT YOU WILL LOVE HEARING THE STORY UNFOLD AND KILL ZOMBIES AND OTHER NASTIES ! SO TURN OUT THE LITES , AND SLAY SOME UNDEAD ASS !!!!!!!!
This game was a great survival horror advernture.  I still like 3 for some reason but this should be owned by every psx or gc owner.  The story is very good and interesting.  The game has two disks.  Each character has there own 2 versians.  LEON has 2 different ways of the game.  There are the A and B games for each character.  LEON and CLAIR have both a's and b's.  I like all versians even though the b gives you an extendid deed to do in the game and shows you the true resident evil2 game ending wich leads to the events to resident evil 4!The game disks should take about 6 to 9 hours if you dont have a guid. The a and b games are both pretty difficult if you dont have a guid.  The game is amazing and has a great character desighn like ada wong.  Sad how it ends for leon even thoe the b game leaves you wanderin about her during your fight with the new mutated tyrant in his b game.  Over all this is one of the best in the series next to 2 and remake.Leon returns in the next resident evil game wich is in titledResident Evil 4Get 2 cause you wont be dissapointed.  Its a psx classic.  I have bin playing that game since I got it and that was about in 1998 wich is when it came out.So go get it psx gamers.
This game is precious because it introduced Claire Redfield, Leon S. Kennedy, Ada Wong, and Sherry Birkin. Where would we be without Claire, Leon and Ada? They are a big part of what makes the Resident evil Series, without them, it wouldn't be nearly as good! The Best part about this game is the Leon/Ada Kiss in Leon's B scenario :)
Few games have endured in my collection like Resident Evil 2. The graphics are old, dated, and painful in the year 2011 where Dead Island and Dead Rising 2 are the dominant Zombie games. But it looks well enough to play for days and months on end. The gameplay is clunky and clumsy, but it is a horror game designed to make you feel inadequate and somewhat unprepared for the adventure you are thrown into. The story is Sci-Fi Originals bad and in hard to understand, but that was what they were going for.Honestly, everything about the game should not work. It does alot wrong, but it does MORE right. Yes, it all meshes together into a really good game. Yes, in a few years it will be a painful to play as, say, Pitfall for the Atari, but even when it is thriteen years old it is still F-U-N to play.I played it non-stop when I had my PS1, continued to play it with my PS2, and even now, after I got an Xbox 360 and play other games, I still plug up my PS2 and play some RE2 once and awhile. Yes, I can see the blocky graphics, bad audio, and ect, but I LOVE this game. It's my favorite of all time. I can give you a detailed walkthrough RIGHT NOW for every scenario in the game.Get this game if you Love Killing Zombies. Get it if you love puzzles. Get it if you love guns. Get this game period.
This is the second best Crash. The best is Crash 2. The complaints what people will go on are being able to move backwards and forwards like a 2D game, Well it was back in 1995 or so. The game isn't hard until 65% through.Buy this if you want a very good platformer.
I love this game so much because it reminds me of my childhood. I played it for a little bit when I got it, but just love the classic style game overall. Can't go wrong for a classic PS1 game.
Ah, Crash 2. One of my favorite games as a little kid. It's much better than the original.GAMEPLAY: 27 levels, [2 hidden] 25 crystals, 42 gems, and a bunch of secrets! The warp room allows you to choose 5 levels at a time. There are many weird secrets. Like in the first level, once you get the regular gem, return to level one, and don't break ANY boxes. You will get the blue gem. Plus, you can save any time, unlike the original. And you don't have to not die to break all of the boxes.GRAPHICS: Very good for a 1997 game. Everything looks great!MUSIC/SOUND: The music is very catchy, and the voices are decent.OVERALL: A great platformer for the Playstation! A must have!PS: You CAN refight bosses. If you have beaten a boss, hold triangle while going to the next warp roomto fight him again!
Graphics: 8/10 - Really neat little things you might not notice. Sometimes a little too computerized, but still eye-catching.Sound: 8/10 - Very much improved from the first Crash Bandicoot. When things hit the ground, they make a bang, when creatures talk it's amazingly clear and when you're in danger, you certainly know by the sound a creature is making, the rumbling of the ground or the thrilling score.Value: 10/10 - This is one game you will start repeatedly and still have the same enjoyment level every time you play.Overall: 9/10 - A big improvement from the great first game. Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back has it all - story, characters, levels and fantastically constructed colouring and visuals.
This is where the Crash Bandicoot games got really, really good. Everything that the first game got wrong; the second game got it right. The second game was released in 1997 as a PlayStation exclusive called Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back; obviously reference to Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back. This game is also available on the PlayStation Store as a PS One Classic to be played on either the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable or PlayStation Vita for only $6 so I&#8217;d recommend getting that version if you are interested. Developed by Naughty Dog, published by Sony Computer Entertainment and distributed by Universal Interactive Studios, the second game was better than the first game in pretty much every way. The second game takes place immediately after the first one as Doctor Neo Cortex survives the battle against Crash in the first game and decides to use crystals to power the Cortex Vortex to take over the Earth. He decides to abduct Crash Bandicoot to gather the crystals making him believe he wants to use the crystals to save the Earth. We also meet Crash&#8217;s sister Coco who is suspicious of Cortex&#8217;s true intentions. Meanwhile, Doctor Nitrus Brio who was Cortex&#8217;s right hand man wants Crash to gather gems so he could destroy Cortex and the Cortex Vortex orbiting Earth so we are presented with many people wanting to side with us, all with different intentions.The gameplay is a platformer in which you control Crash Bandicoot across 30 levels to gather crystals and gems. The game takes place in a series of six &#8220;Warp Rooms&#8221; which as the hub areas of the game. Each Warp Room contains five portals leading to a level. The goal of the level is to obtain crystals and gems throughout the path. Crystals are placed somewhere along the path whereas gems are obtained by either destroying all the crates, or in bonus levels or secret levels; once you obtain the crystal or gem, you have to reach the end of the level, if you exit the level by using the start menu with a crystal, you will lose it. I guess they made it that way to be hard. Once you obtain all five crystals in a Warp Room, you then have to ride the platform in the center of the room to move to the next Warp Room, however you have to fight and defeat a boss character before gaining access. Ripper Roo is back as a boss who is one of the more interesting bosses as he goes from a genius scientist to a mentally unstable psychopath when Crash hurts him, I can&#8217;t help but laugh at this. Then there&#8217;s the fight with Tiny Tiger across floating platform that drop, the goal is to have Tiny be on that platform when it drops and in true cartoon fashion he floats in the air for about a second and then falls, I love that. I was kind of disappointed that the final boss fight was too easy, but whatever.The gameplay is like the first game except with new controls, Crash can now slide across the ground, perform a body slam, crawl on all fours and even slide across the ground and jump immediately to reach higher places. Some enemies can only be defeated by one of these methods so the game has strategy which is nice. The boxes are back which once again have to be broken in order to obtain extra lives and gems. But what&#8217;s nice is you can die and still get the gem without having to restart the level like with the first game. A new famous box is the Nitro Boxes which explode upon any physical contact, but fortunately there is a green colored box with an exclamation mark on it that will explode all the Nitro Boxes in the level once struck. The game also features bonus levels which contain hidden boxes, extra lives and even gems.As a kid, I played the s*** out of this game. It was only recently I managed to beat it 100% because it is both challenging and fun, but it&#8217;s easier than the first game so if you were expecting a greater challenge, you will be disappointed, but the controls, smoother gameplay and the fact you can save anytime you want as long as you are in the Warp Room makes this game a far superior game than the first one.FINAL RATING: 9.5 out of 10
2nd to this is Crash 1. The graphics are still great(I got this in 1999)and so are the levels. The saving is alot better. I think that you can't compare this to Crash 3 and 4(on PS2) because it's so much more memorable.BUY IT
Crash goes along a little faster in a good way.  Not as slow to start out as one.  It also has the same fun characters, the same fun box smashing and running.  Lots of fun, great for kids and adults, a super fun game for the whole family.Later in installments Crash changed.  There was CTR or Crash Team Racing which is fun if you like racing, and even if you don't....but it's not about finding boxes and getting through areas like the originals.  Later there is one where you and a friend can play at once (Titans I think) and  it's my very least favorite. There is also Crash Bash (LOVE THAT ONE, so fun, super for family time! But not the same 'story line' type as the early ones.This one is just more of what you loved about Crash Bandicoot the first.Super fun for the whole family, will keep your kids busy and entertained for hours and hours. TOTALLY replayable, can last for years if you love Crash.
this game is mad fun, gets harder as you go along on the levels and some levels seem to be impossible to flip, but thats the way its suppose to be.i recommend this.
This is one of the greatest games of all times. No if, ands, or buts. This is the granddaddy of them all when it comes to survival horror. Yes, Alone in the Dark, Uninvited and Sweet Home came first, but they went nowhere. This is what kick started an entire genre.I love this version of the game the best (even more than that ReMake) because it has 3 options for gameplay, original, beginner or arranged. Arranged is awesome as it "arranges" the locations of many items in the game. Much like the "2nd quest" on the first Zelda game.The voice acting is legendary, the graphics just awesome and who can forget the live video at the beginning and ending of the game! (The girl who played Jill is absolutely beautiful.)This game is hard. One bites puts you in orange caution if you're Jill, on arranged anyway. Ammunition is VERY limited at the start of the game. But that's what makes it so great. You can't run around blasting things. It's just wonderful!There are many easter eggs or "little things" to find out in this game. (Look up a good walkthrough if you have trouble finding them.) These give the game a good bit of replay value.I highly recommend this if you want a good game. In fact, they don't get much better.
we have always been a fan of all the resident evil games we all love to play them and was very happy that the game was in great shape and that we got it fast when we ordered it
my uncle gave this to me for christmas. i didnt know what it was until i got a gamecube and bought resident evil 4. then i knew what this game was. i wasnt crazy about it when i first got it. then i got resident evil 2 and tried the uncut version.it was ok. i started playing it now and then. a month later, i found the orginal resident evil and i compared them. And the uncut was a little better because you can use the analog sticks,and instead of gettin only 2 ink ribbons, you get 4 every time u pick them up. the bad part is that the graphics haven't improved. it is also very scary. like the big snake boss which scared the hell out of me. Still i think you should own both of these but if you want only one of these, go with the uncut one.
Resident Evil, THE survival horror series that that has became so popular and spawned many sequels.Gameplay:9.5/10: It's a survival horror game! In a mansion, filled with zombies, limited ammo and saves spots, limited healing, and puzzles. What's there not to like? You can even blow zombie's heads off with a shotgun! You can pick two players, Jill Valentine, and Chris Redfield. Both are different, and you should play as Jill first, than Chris.You also get three difficulty levels in the DC version, easy, normal, and Arrange. Arrange is hard, with new costumes, puzzles, and camera angles.Graphics: 1996: 10/10: 2005:4/10: Pretty bad by today's standards, but back then it was great, and the FMV's have real people in it!Music/sound:8/10: Horror-like music and soundsDialogue:3/10: Very corny. From Wesker's "Stay alert" and "Don't open that door!!", to Barry's "I hope this is not Chris's blood!", the dialogue and tone is CHEESEY! But, it was made by Japanese actors, so it's easy to understand why.Overall, it's a must have! Get the other RE games, too!
Resident Evil is a survival horror video game created by Capcom. It was released in Japan, North America, and Europe in 1996.In the game, you play as either Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine, two S.T.A.R.S officers who become trapped in a mansion filled with zombies. You must go through the mansion and find clues, weapons, and other items in order to proceed. You fight many different types of zombies throughout the game. Some of the supporting characters include Rebecca Chambers, Barry Burton, and Albert Wesker. The game also has different endings depending on what you do.This is a classic survival horror game. It's so good and well made. If you love horror movies, or other horror games, then I totally recommend that you play Resident Evil.
Even now, I still love playing this 7 year old game on my PS2. It opened the door to greater things. The resident evil series is my favorite video game line ever.
This is the one that started it all folks! this is about mysterious murders in Raccoon city involving cannibalism, a group of special police officers called "S.T.A.R.S." go outside the city to find the murderers but when their Helicopter with pilot leaves them behind, they seek shelter in a large mansion but unknown to them that the mansion is also a death trap with hordes of Zombies, giant tarantulas, monster dogs and mutant creatures waiting for them, will they make it out alive?A brilliant and highly original game using elements of Lucio Fulci, George Romero, Dario Argento, horror and science ficiton with clues, gore, cool monsters, puzzles and knowing how to survive which makes this a one-of-a-kind game for every game player. I've became a fan of this since 1996, it's the best game i've ever played with the entire series too.
I got this game at a video store recently, and they sell it for only $10.00, so I snatched it, thinking it was gonna be good. And then it was!GAMEPLAY: 10/10 Awesome! you're in a mansion with zombies and lots of monters (literally) and you've got a lot of weapons!GRAPHICS: 100/10: The graphics add to the scares. and plus, Jill has a nice ass.Dialouge: .5/10 HORRIBLE! From Wesker's  "Stay alert" and "GET AWAY FROM HIM! HE'S INSANE!" To Barry's "What IS this?" amd "Well, Let's hope this isn't Chris's blood!"ENTERTAINMENT VALUE: 9/10 It's awesome!So go buy this today!
WHEN I FIRST GOT MY PLAYSTATION  , THIS WAS THE FIRST GAME I GOT . IT IS AND WILL ALWAYS BE A COOL GAME TO PLAY. BESIDES THE CHEESY VOICE ACTING , OR SO SO GRAPHICS - IT IS STILL A GEM OF A CLASSIC ! WHY ELSE WOULD CAPCOM REDO THE FIRST ONE FOR GAMECUBE ? AS WELL AS DO 2 MORE GAMES FOR GAMECUBE , AND DO A MOVIE ON IT ? BECAUSE IT IS- AND ALWAYS WILL BE THE COOLEST ZOMBIE GAME EVER !...AND NOT ONE YOU COULD EASILY CHEAT ON EITHER , UNLESS YOU GOT A GAMESHARK ... BECAUSE USING THE GUIDE IS NOT CHEATING ! YOU STILL HAVE TO BEAT THE GAME AND POSSESS SOME SKILL AND PATIENCE TO PLAY IT .'' RESIDENT EVIL 2 '' WAS GREAT ! AND NEMESIS EVEN BETTER ! AND LET'S NOT FORGET '' CODE VERONICA '' EITHER !!HOPEFULLY A FEW NEW ONES WILL BE PUT OUT FOR PS2 OWNERS AS WELL .WHY SHOULD GAMECUBE OWNERS GET ALL THE FUN ! SO I HOPE YOU GO OUT AND GET IT . THIS IS ONE GAME YOU CAN LITERALLY PLAY TO DEATH !... IF YOU GET A GAMECUBE THAN GET THE NEW AND IMPROVED '' RESIDENT EVIL '' !!AND ALL THE OTHER ONES OUT NOW  OR SOON TO BE OUT .. ANYONE CARE FOR A GAME OF KILLING ZOMBIES TONITE ?
This brought back so many memories. The godfather of all games. This is a must have for any avid game collector.
I purchased this version on my PlayStation 1. This updated version was released a year and a half after the original game's release. Director's Cut was produced to compensate for the delay of the sequel, Resident Evil 2, and was originally bundled with a playable demo of that game.The main addition to Director's Cut is an "arranged" version of the game that changes the location of nearly every vital item in the mansion, as well as the enemy placement. The main characters, as well as Rebecca, are given a new wardrobe and the player's handgun is replaced by an improved model where any shot fired has a random chance of decapitating a zombie, killing it instantly. The original version of the game is included as well, along with a new "beginner" mode where the enemies are easier to kill and the amount of ammunition that can be found by the player is doubled. Additionally, the auto-aim function was restored in all modes, though it is not noted in the in-game controls so the player must accidentally stumble upon it.I recommend all RE fans to get this version.
a fun game to battle against your friends.  up to 4 players can play at a time.  this is one fun game to have.
Starfox was one of the premiere games for the Super Nintendo, boasting some of the best graphics that any platform of the time could show off and yes the game, at the time, did deliever in what could be described in a &quot;Tour de force&quot; performace. When the game transitioned making it's way onto the Nintendo 64 I had to hail the calling of this game and buy it, so I did. The result? I was as happy as any person could have been after spending the money for this game, and it was worth it. The game is easy to beat, but, only on the easy route. There are hundreds of ways that give this game a replay value that could be unmatched at the time, such as getting medals for every planet in the &quot;Galaxy&quot; in order to unlock expert mode, or the ability to win tanks in multiplayer mode, or even be able to fight on foot. So, is this game worth the money you would pay for it now? yes, give this game a home on your shelf. Enjoy.
Gameplay: You play Fox McCloud, a fighter pilot for Starfox, and you're at war with the forces of the evil Andross. It's more or less a rail shooter, but there's some free-roaming flight to be had at various points through the game. One of the best features of Starfox is that progression is non-linear. Your actions in each mission directly affect how you proceed through the game. For instance, if you defuse the bomb on one level, you go one route. If you fail, you end up playing a different level.Graphics: You have to be a little forgiving of Starfox in this area. It's a fairly early N64 game. In the grand scheme of N64 graphical quality, Starfox 64 is probably somewhere near the bottom. But if you're turning down the new 3DS Starfox in favor of the old school one released fifteen years ago, chances are you won't care about that.Sound: The music is pretty good, as is the voice-acting. Although it lacks the polish and natural feel of some later N64 games with voice-acting, Starfox 64 still has one of the best uses of voice-acting on the system. Flying through space shooting aliens and talking on a radio to your teammates go hand in hand.There's still a lot of fun to be had with Starfox, even after all this time. I rented it and progressed most of the ways you could progress back in the day, and I'm glad to own it for the system now.
Star Fox 64 (known as ''Lylat Wars'' in Europe) is a shooting game for the Nintendo 64. You play as Fox Mccloud, and he must go on an adventure through space to find and destroy Andross. Throughout the game, Peppy, Slippy, and Falco help you.This game is really fun and addictive. It is also really short, and a little challenging in some parts. But when you learn the gameplay, it becomes really easy. This is a really fun game.
Star Fox 64 is one of the most fun games I've ever played. It was one of the first N64 games to utilize the Rumble Pak (it was also one of the first to include voices for all the characters). The premise of the game is simple: you, as Star Fox, are trying to save the solar system from the evil Andross. To do this, you hop in your space ship and blow tons of enemy crafts to bits. The game is simple but fun and can be replayed over and over. I've played through Star Fox 64 more times than any other game I've ever owned.The Good:The Gameplay is fast paced, simple and fun. Action packed- there is never a dull moment.The controls are tight and are perfect.The level design is excellent.The force feedback through the Rumble Pak makes the game feel more intense.The replay value is through the roof- there are many different ways to get to the final boss.All characters have voices!Lots of Secrets!The Bad:The &quot;multiplayer&quot; game is really really bad. It's so bad that it is not worth playing. But that's what Goldeneye is for, right?The graphics, by today's standards, are outdatedSome of the voices are pretty annoying (Slippy in paticular)This game is nothing short of a masterpiece. I still play Starfox 64 today, and it's just as much fun as when I got it 6 years ago. Everything seems perfectly tweaked and just right. A game for the ages.
Finer words have never been spoken. StarFox 64 was the long awaited American sequel to the original StarFox for the SNES (Japan got StarFox 2 on SNES while us Americans had to wait for StarFox 64). Excellent game, superb 3D graphics and for the love of Michael Douglas, play with the RUMBLE PACK!
People played this in the store for days on end even though most could not afford it for the N64. Star Fox was an amazing blast em up for the N64 that was visually stunning to watch.
Even a decade down the line, this is a great game. The original Star Fox on SNES used a ground-breaking chip to create rudimentary 3D graphics. The N64 version took that and essentially upgraded it, giving the graphics an overhaul and tossing in a few new gameplay enhancements. This was one of the first games on the N64 to feature large amounts of speech, and also the first to use the rumble pak.You are Fox McCloud, leader of the Star Fox mercenary team. You blast through levels shooting up everything in sight, and blowing up massive bosses. The game uses a branching system, where out of the 15 possible levels you will explore a total of 7 in any given play-through. So each play-through is short, but there is replay value in going back and unlocking the alternate paths. And the action is so fast and intense that you'll be coming back multiple times anyway.There was never really a Star Fox game for Gamecube to top this one, so Star Fox 64 still remains a favourite. Proof that great gameplay can outlast aging graphics. A must-own for any N64 collection.
Star Fox on the SNES... Not the best space shooter. Star Fox on the Nintendo 64? 2ND BEST GAME ON THAT SYSTEM (The first is Ocarina of Time)! Every level was packed with thrilling action! On the first level I enjoyed an easy ride along Corneria, gliding across the lakes listening to Peppy complain. The 2nd level (Meteo) really picked up the pace, and the drama was incredible for the Nintendo 64. The level opens with Peppy saying "It's quiet. Too quiet.", quickly followed by, "LOOK OUT IT IS A TRAP!!!!", followed by a hoard of enemies, then giant meteors, ending with the most disturbing thing I've ever seen in a video game. A giant space craft swoops down and a monkey with a british accent says "I can not allow you to go any further". After a short time the british monkey says "I am no match for you. I admit defeat." The whole game goes silent, and then the monkey yells "IF THIS DOES NOT WORK!!!!!!!!". He fires a huge amount of lasers, and then calls me scum after I defeat him. Time for Level 3! This one was also disturbing, but provided the greatest thrill I had ever had. The Star Wolf team comes in, saying some very creepy comments while they beat me. "You'll be with your dad soon Fox!" (Fox's dad is dead), "I'm going to bust you up REAAALLL good!" (says the pig who betrayed Fox's dad), and "Go back to the pond, Froggy.". Then, right in the middle of that big fight, the robot assistant comes in and says "DANGER! A bomb has been discovered in the base! Explosion in 1 minute!" Level 4 was at the climax of wierdness, though. A giant terminator-like robot came in and started repeating "DESTROY! DESTROY!". I have not been able to get level 4, the robot always crushes me and then I get Game Over. I do highly this game, though. It is possibly the most thrilling game on the N64! Trust me, it is addicting.
Yeah. So the story is very weak. Things are often like that for multiplayer-centered games. At least Mario Party had actually TRIED to spice things up with a story. Where's the story for Super Smash Bros.? Where's the story for Mario Kart 64? I didn't think so. As weak as the Mario Party story is, the story isn't important for a game...the gameplay is. Some games with great stories have fallen flat because of poor gameplay. Other games with NO story succeed with great gameplay. Mario Party is definitely in the latter category. You can hate the Mario Party series for its excellent "Land Before Time" impression. You can be among the groups of people that prefer Mario Party 2 and Mario Party 3. Yet there is one thing that you must admit. Mario Party was DARNED fun back in 1999! Sure, people said to NEVER play with one person, but playing all four characters as one person can be a blast as well.Anticipation may have been the first board-game video game for Nintendo, but it wasn't exactly successful, and had relatively primative gameplay. So people now associate Mario Party with the introduction of board-game video game, and it's definitely more like a board game than any other game before it. I mean, you "roll a dice" and move around the board encountering various pitfalls and experiencing different events. Although most of the boards are well-designed, I have realized that the majority of the "board-game" aspect is text or movement, and somebody watching a tape with only footage the "board-game" aspect would likely get very bored very fast. But what makes Mario Party the gem that it is are...the mini-games! Yes, Mario Party has 56 mini games to entertain all souls from all walks of life. Sure, not all mini-games are perfect, but you know what? Even with all of the blisters, broken glasses, and white powder appearing on the N64 controller, the mini-games are still worth it! Especially Mushroom Mix-Up and Running of the Bulb. Oh yeah. Those are great games. Mushroom Mix-Up provided tons of frantic fun and Running of the Bulb was hectic but exciting. 4-player teamwork games really need to make a comeback.Being a title developed by a third party (yes, Hudson is a 3rd party developer), the graphics in Mario Party are not exactly polished. Most of the textures are just simple polygons. And as was stated, the water is in the Bombs Away game is extremely pixelated. These graphics are not the ones that are so grand that you can't help but go "Uah," but why bother with visual aesthetics when the game is already filled with gameplay finesse. At least the graphics don't hurt your eyes. I can't say that about a game that game out 3-4 months after Mario Party...I'm sure you all know what it is. Sound. Sound effects are amusing, but not exactly something special. Voice acting is good, but I finally found out (after five years) that much of the voice samples were lifted directly from the Japanese version of Mario Kart 64. The music? It is fantastic! There's a hint of Super Mario Bros. mixed in with the rest. It's great to listen to, even if it is all just MIDIs. Okay, a lot of this is probably due to nostalgia. I can write a paper on nostalgia and Mario Party, but I'll leave it at this. The bottom line is, even though Mario Party isn't one of the technologically advanced games on the N64, it sure makes up for it with its incredible gameplay.
This is a awesome game it's fun and chalaging. it's fun for the whole family
This game is so much fun! This is where it all started this game is one of the best mario parties. There's 6 characters who are arguably to this day still the most popular mario characters. There's 50 minigames and 8 fantastic boards!
I had a N64 back then in 1998, so I got this game. It is great!GAMEPLAY:WOW! GREAT GAMEPLAY! There's awesome characters (Donkey Kong, Peach, etc.) and the game is like a little electronic gameboard. with a dice, and spaces (lots) that you can trust.MINIGAMES: Great minigames! There's SHYGUY SAYS, a game where you'r supposed to press whatever button he tells you. And a game which you can make a treasure chest come to you.GRAPHICS: Pretty good for an N64 game, the only other N64 game that had grat graphics was PERFECT DARK.SOUND: Great. Pretty great for an "old" game.OVERALL GRADE: A+So If you have an N64, then get this game!
This is my  favorite accesoory. It will make the graphics of dsome games better and all this other cool stuff. FFor some games you need it no matter what like Donkey Kong 64.
For anyone who still owns or wants to buy a N64 you simply MUST have the expansion pack.Banjo TooieDonkey Kong 64 all made great use of the pack.More ram.Bigger and more colorful worlds.It pretty much does exactly what the description says.Granted the older N64 games don't make use of it but the newer games do.A no brainer and a must have.Highly recommended.
This makes the N64 graphics look like PS2. Too bad not all the games are compatible with this. Plus it adds 4MB more to your memory card and improves graphics sound. If u want one of these get the ones nintendo made. If u want the most out of your N64, look for this where ever u can. U will not regret it.
(Note: I'm writing this for the Expansion Pak produced by Tomee. These third party expansion paks seem to hover together in the same listing. So just keep that in mind if you go taking my advice.)If I'm not mistaken, this is an aftermarket expansion pak. I've heard some bad things about the Tomee controllers floating around, but the expansion pak actually seems to work pretty well. I bought one produced by InterAct (a more reputable third-party manufacturer) years ago, and there's no apparent difference in quality. As I've never owned the Nintendo version of the expansion pak, I can't really say how it compares to the first party quality. However, there shouldn't really be any difference. It's just RAM. :)
This expansion pack allows you to play better games and increases the graphics on the N64.A+++
This is a needed tool for the Gameshark Pro and certain games like Zelda. If you do not need it, pick it up for a little extra detail in all of your games. It makes everything look great and it stops the slowdown that games like No Mercy have.
The expansion pack beefs up the graphics capability of the standard Nintendo 64 Unit. This in itself should make any gamer run out and grab one - when you compare the price of this to the price of one of the new consoles, you're saving tons of money!What does it do? For some games that work both with and without the expansion pack, it greatly increases the types of graphics shown during gameplay. Pod Racer is a stellar example. Play without the pack, and you get rings and blocky graphics. Add in the pack and you suddenly have lens flare, details of ships racing beside you, crucial information about upcoming turns. It makes the game play the way the developers intended.It's like watching The Matrix on a shoddy VHS tape copied from a friend, and then seeing it on DVD. It's an amazing difference for a very low price.In addition, many new games coming out are so graphic-intensive that they require the expansion pack to even play. The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask is a key example. This is an EXCELLENT game with great extended gameplay, but you can't even start if you don't have this pack in place.It's not difficult to install - you simply plug it in once and it stays there permanently. You can still play older games with it in place. If you're paying $60 for games, why not pay out for this expansion that will make them all play better, and give you access to the newer games?
This red pak is intended for expending RAM space for N64 games, I strongly recommend it for a gamers' enjoyment.
If you have an N64 you must get an Expansion Pak. The Expansion Pak increases the graphics and the speed of some of the newers games on the N64. Some of the newest one's will not play with out it. Like some people have said this is just like adding RAM to a PC. It's easy and fast and I've had no problems with mine. If you have an N64 buy an expansion pak. You will not regret it.
you get what you came for, its an expansion pak to play larger n64 games and it makes all your other n64 games run smoother. N64 looks cool now that its got a red hood ornament haha
Such a necessity that once I received it for Christmas I got rid of the Jumper Pak for good.The Expansion pak holds MUCH more memory.If you have games that need it ask mom and dad night and day to buy you an Expansion Pak.You really have no need for the Jumper Pak.The Jumper Pak is really hard to get out anyway.I had to use a knife to get the Jumper Pak out which cant be too good for the system but what the hey now the Expansion Pak is in and I dont need to worry anymore.
An expansion pack is essential as more and more games are coming out where you need to use the expansion pack.  The expansion pack improves graphics on games like South Park and Star Wars and is essential to play games like Zelda Majoras Mask and Perfect Dark.  The graphics are greatly improved that if you put two monitors together with one having a nintendo with an expansion pack and one without an expansion pack you would be able to see the difference.  Dont miss out on some of the best games about at the moment, buy an exoansion pack and enjoy
Lots of games require this to be installed so it is a MUST. 5 stars because it is needed to play one of the Zeldas!
Pokemon was immensely popular in the late 1990s to early 2000s, and still has quite a fan base here in the new decade. Pokemon Blue, along with Red, was a remarkable feat that blended fun, as well as underlying lessons for many kids. As daunting as the task is, Ash Ketchum must show that he is the Pokemon master and the better of the two, when face to face with Gary Oak, his nemesis. During your journey, you'll encounter Gym masters, fun places to explore, new Pokemon, and much more. A truly fun and epic adventure.This game has many underlying lessons like:* Cities with different colors - many of which I didn't know existed - like lavender, saffron, and indigo.* Exploration - the idea of getting used to trying new things and ultimately carefully looking everywhere to find what needs to be found* Pokemon names - the many pokemon names were cleverly named to highlight its characteristics, like Mime, Diglett, Bulbasaur, Starmie, ditto, Drowzee, etc. My vocabulary expanded and I learned so much. The Pokemon alone are so immensely helpful in making words make sense.* Perseverance - when you lose the battle, it's simple: you just come back and try again until you achieve the mission or catch the Pokemon you want. It's immediately built into the psyche of the gamer. The game makes Ash Ketchum such a relateable and likeable character.The subtle educational aspect of this game is astounding and I'm very glad that I was one of the kids in my day playing Pokemon Blue.
one of the biggest time wasters of my child hood. I have not replayed this since I bought it, so I'm not 100% it holds up to time...
One word: PLAYBACK. My sister first owned this game in 1998, and since then I have owned MANY Pok&eacute;mon games for both Game Boy Color and N64. And let me tell you, the original is always the best! Pok&eacute;mon Red and Blue are the best games ever created for Game Boy Color! I still love these games, trading Pok&eacute;mon, and battling other people with the Link Cable!First of all, people of any age can enjoy this game. It is cute and innocent enough to entertain children, but the strategy and the level of gameplay make it a worthwhile game for adults. Everyone will love this game.You start out as a trainer named Ash Ketchum from Pallet Town. Your mission is to become a Pok&eacute;mon Master by catching 150 Pok&eacute;mon (151 if you count Mew) and becoming the champion of the Elite Four. To do this, you must train and catch Pok&eacute;mon, raise them, and even trade them between Red and Blue versions using your Link Cable or the infrared port on your Game Boy Color. This is both fun and time-consuming, which is great when you are at home sick or bored on a stormy day. Pok&eacute;mon are raised by winning battles and/or using Rare Candy. Raising Pok&eacute;mon may sound tedious, but you will change your mind about that when you actually play for yourself. Pok&eacute;mon is addictive from the moment you start your game all the way through. You will meet many new people on the way, become a hero, and win new items and abilities as you go along.As Ash, you travel through the world of Kanto, which is divided into a number of cities and towns. A map will be your guide as you make your way through the vast world of Pok&eacute;mon. Explore caves, oceans, tall grass, and rocky paths on your way. Each town or city usually has its own Pok&eacute;mon Gym, with a Gym Leader which is something like a Boss. Each time you beat a Gym Leader you receive a badge. You need eight badges to battle the Elite Four and the current Elite Four Champion. There are different diversions in each city and town, for example, Celadon City's department store and casino, and one of my personal favorites, Fuschia City's Safari Zone.Trainers can be found everywhere, good and bad, from Team Rocket invading the radio station, to the gyms, in the water, on the road, and pretty much anywhere you go. Random Pok&eacute;mon appear and battle you if you are in a cave, tall grass, or in the water. The wild Pok&eacute;mon you come across are the ones that you can catch if you have Pok&eacute;balls with you. Items such as the bike and repel can help prevent you from running into too many Pok&eacute;mon if you are trying to get somewhere. If your Pok&eacute;mon are tired or injured, you can stop at a Pok&eacute;mon center and heal them for free! You can also store Pok&eacute;mon via a computer terminal located within every Pok&eacute;mon Center.The music is so cute! And there is a lot of different music, so it doesn't get repetitive.If you are lucky enough to own Pok&eacute;mon Stadium, you can play Red or Blue on your TV screen using a Transfer Pak! You can also use the Pok&eacute;mon you raised on your Red or Blue game to battle in Pok&eacute;mon Stadium.Overall, this is one of the best games I have ever played. It is still fun after years of gameplay, as you never fully run out of stuff to do. If you want to get into Pok&eacute;mon, or if you're an old fan that never quite got around to getting the game, this is the game for you! Pok&eacute;maniacs rule!
This game is one of the funest Game Boy Color games ever! 150 pokemon? Wow!!!!!!!!!!! That's alot! Who's cares about graphics in this game,it's still fun! The gameplay and sound is reat as well. If you love this game but want better graphics or more stuff to do,then buy FireRed or LeafGreen Version! They are just as fun! I'd reccomend trying at least one of the versions: Red,Blue,Yellow,Silver,Gold,Cristel,FireRed,LeafGreen or Emerald. Don't get Ruby and Saphire tohugh,they stink.
It's true that Pokemon is pretty much a passing craze due to (for some odd reason) the invention of TOO MANY POKEMON! However, this game is amazing. The graphics, attack animations, and sounds are very simple compared to later installments of the series, but who cares? At the time, this was like nothing anyone had ever played! The music is extremely catchy, and there are so many things to collect, you'll just find yourself playing for hours. Also, you can trade Pokemon from other people since the Red and Blue versions have Pokemon exclusive to that version. Also, if you feel the need to "catch 'em all," trade starters, or evolve certain Pokemon with a trade. The bottom line: it's a great guilty pleasure and introduced what is now the most faded franchise ever!
The year was 1998.  I was twelve years old, in middle school, and the Pokemon games debuted in the United States for the very first time.  A game so simple and yet at the very same time: So complex.  Nothing was more addictive, nothing was more fun than playing Pokemon.  If you remember the craze (the REAL craze, presently it isn't nearly as strong as it was back then), then you remember what it was like to go to school back in those days.  Suddenly EVERYONE had a Gameboy.  Suddenly even those who didn't normally play games or even know what the hell a Gameboy was, had it.  And you'd go up to your friends and you'd trade Pokemon, you'd taunt each other about who was the better champion when you battled.  You got in arguments over who the best starter was.  Then you learned of those glitches to get all your Pokemon to level 100 by duplicating the Rare Candies.  You caught Missingno and M-Block and caught Safari Zone Pokemon by exploiting what may very well be one of the most widely known glitches in video game history.  And of course, you went to catch them all, and you probably had that ONE friend who you deemed your rival and you had to catch 'em all before he did.  If you remember all this, you're a true Pokemon fan.  This isn't a myth, this game debuted, sold gazillions of copies and started a craze that--while it isn't as strong--still exists today.  This was one of the heights of gaming period.The Red and Blue versions may have seen stateside release in 1998, but the game was actually made in 1995.  Before the television show came around.  When the TV series took off in America, the games came next and as I said, they sold more copies than the latest installment of Harry Potter.  I'm not kidding.Red and Blue began almost everything you currently see in the series today.  The game begins with you naming your character (you couldn't choose between a boy or a girl in this one) and then your rival.  Again, if you had Pokemon fever you probably named your main character Ash and your rival was named Gary (even the strategy guides referred to them as such).  It began with Professor Oak letting you have a Pokemon of your choice (between 3 starters) and then ultimately he'd send you on a journey with a Pokedex and have you document the Pokemon you'd find.  Along the way, you'd have to deal with Team Rocket, the bad guys who are always causing trouble and stealing everyone's Pokemon, as well as gather eight badges so you could challenge the Elite Four and become a Pokemon League Champion.  The entire formula began here, and just about everything mentioned above has been done in each and every main series Pokemon game hereafter.What was perhaps the strangest thing about Pokemon is that the game was surprisingly deep in terms of combat.  It was your traditional turn-based combat.  Simple, yet it was so complex.  For one, the game has a Rock/Paper/Scissors method to it.  Every Pokemon has a type, and every type has its own strengths and weaknesses.  For example, Water is strong up against fire but it is weak vs. Grass.  Grass is weak vs. fire etc. etc.  No Pokemon is invincible.  They all have a weakness to some type.  Though in these versions the psychics definitely have an unfair advantage as the type they're weak against (bug) is almost non-existent and there are hardly any bug type attacks.In the battle menu you're given a list of commands.  Fight, Item, PKMN, or Run.  You can switch Pokemon you've caught in and out of battle on the fly, but it'll usually cost you a turn.  It's the strategic portion of Pokemon that makes battling fun and addictive.  As you go through the game you'll be challenged by trainers and you never know what they'll throw at you!  It's completely unpredictable and some of them are tough.  It's also interesting because with 150 different Pokemon, the amount of teams you can make are endless, and it really makes you think about what types you want in your roster.  Because most of the Pokemon types are weak vs. more than just one type.  It's also important that you give them a variety of moves, as the moves are also typed.  On paper it doesn't seem like much, but when you actually play the game, you'll find a clog in your drain you didn't even know you had because you thought your team was perfect... but then that one Pokemon comes along and exposes your fatal flaw.Pokemon was no short game.  It was full of all sorts of side quests.  From the Safari Zone, to catching the Legendary Birds, to the Unknown Dungeon.  There was plenty to do, and even after the game was over there was STILL more to accomplish.  Of course, your main accomplishment was getting them all.  Pokemon could easily keep you busy for well over 60 hours.  In 1998 this is an amazing feat seeing as how most RPGs of TODAY don't keep you busy that long.  The main quest itself only took a measly 15 hours or so, but all the extra content kept you on your toes.Even more, Pokemon was one of the few Gameboy Games that made excellent use of the link cable.  Since Red and Blue versions had different Pokemon, some only appeared in certain versions.  You couldn't for example, catch a Magmar in the Red version, but you could in Blue.  How then, were Red players supposed to catch all 150?  By trading.  Until Pokemon came around, my link cable was collecting dust.  Trading was usually a slow grueling process, though.  Traded Pokemon also got an experience boost so they were easier to train.Even more exciting than trading, however, was what really made Pokemon a blast to play: Battling.  You and your friends could get together and battle one another!  Test out your Pokemon teams against your friends.  They were, more often not, far better to battle against than the games trainers.  It's always interesting to see who your opponents heavy hitter is.  With your friends it was always interesting.  Imagine how embarrassed you were to say a certain Pokemon sucked only to discover that the trainer actually did a good job training?As far as the game looks and sounds, it didn't really look all that great when it was released in 1998 (it was after all, a game made in 1995).  On the original gameboy it was pretty grainy (but very clear on the Gameboy Pocket) and of course it was black or white (unless you played it on a Super Gameboy or Gameboy Color).  For a Gameboy game, though, it actually wasn't too bad.  It was annoying to watch a Pokemon simply flinch to attack, and some of the animations weren't all that great, but it was to be expected due to the Gameboy's limitations.  The music, however, was fantastic.  The tunes were catchy--particularly the trainer battles and gym leader battles.  The only really annoying thing was the sound effects.  They weren't all that great, and its a shame that Nintendo actually continues to use those exact same sound effects in Pokemon games today.  Still, for what it's worth, this was the game you wanted on the Gameboy.Pokemon is a classic.  It'll always be a classic.  No matter who you are, if you played Pokemon ten years ago, the craze was completely undeniable.  If you got addicted like I did, chances are you're still playing today.  Because in its core, the game was far deeper than you thought it was, and the series continues to use that same basic formula even today.
Pokemon Blue is amazing. It isn't as good as some of the recent Pokemon games, but its still a wonderful game. Not so heavy on plot, your main objective is to catch all 150 of the Pokemon to complete your Pokedex and to stop Team Rocket. Catching Pokemon is not as easy as it sounds. They will fight hard and almost always break the Pokeballs you try to catch them in. It gets addicting after a while though, and soon your team is filled with interesting creatures. It is almost like training a pet, you can teach them special moves to defeat your opponents, and if you use them a lot they will "evolve".Graphics: C-, the Pokemon aren't near as cute or detailed as they are in future versions. The black/white display isn't so fun either.Sound: D, I have never heard worse scores in my life. It is repetitive, dull, and will give a headache in less then 2 minutes.Storyline: B, Nice and short. I couldn't ask for anything better.Fun: A, Even with minor repetition I still find the game to be a blast.Overall, the game is %100 a classic. Buy it or you will never be a true gamer.
When it comes to fighting games I spend most of my time playing with the Street Fighter or Dead or Alive crew, but at times I do get fighting time with the Smash Bros. crew. The fighting mechanics are still awesome and function well, the environments are still cool, the destruciton of your enemies or a friend is still loads of fun. Although this game has likely been forgotten since the launch of its Gamecube sequel, it's still a classic that should not be forgotten by any fighting fan. There's still fun stuff to unlock, like new characters. The only complaint I have against this game is the fact that it feels too easy at times. Still it never gets old to kick the crap out of Jigglypuff and send her flying or Pikachu.
Very fun to play as your favorite characters. I still like from this game how tight the gameplay is and how each character "feels" unique. I think in previous incarnations they have gotten a bit of this back, but this game I truely felt different playing Kirby than I did DK.
If you see this game around Immediatly purchase it on the spot. this game can provide hours and hours of multiplayer fun. (1 player is boring but better than playing multiplayer by lonesome) there a alot of unlockable characters that are pretty cool here tehy are: Captain Falcon from F-zero series, Ness from the rare Earthbound series, Jigglypuff from pokemon, Luigi from the Mario Bros. series, And if you have a gameshark there are cool codes the allow you to be the boss of the Smash Bros. titles, (Master Hand) and you could also be Metal Mario with a Gameshark. cool huh? have fun and train. This isn't one of those titles you can just rent and enjoy you gotta own it for it to be fun.
I bought a used version of this cartridge after seeing my 3-year old son being hooked with it during a visit to my sister's.You have 8 characters to choose from with 4 additional hidden characters you can release after succeeding in various playing modes at specific difficulty levels.  Each character has its own set of special moves, sounds and taunts.The purpose of the game is to use your character skills and moves to knock off your opponent from the hovering playing field.  Damage to you or to your opponent builds up as you hit him/her.  Some punches or moves give more damage than others and as the damaged builds up, the character turns more vulnerable to being knocked off.There are a few moves that only give damage and other moves are used to specifically knock off your opponent.  This means that you cannot just push buttons at random, it requires a lot of patience and some reflexes to defeat your adversary consistently.The game is extremely simple to learn, yet there are quite a large amount of special moves to master.  You will definitely require all those special moves when playing the most advanced levels or when facing more skilled human opponents.I kind of sticked with Mario when playing, for me it is the most well-rounded character, although I'm sure  that some of the hidden characters are quite versatile as well.I found out that this game can be handicap adjusted, making it fun and fair for all ages and skill levels.This game is definitely more fun in a multi-player scenario, but it is also extremely fun using the computer as an opponent.  You can play a free-for-all match (everyone against everyone) with up to 3 computer (or human) controlled characters, having each one the same or their own unique skill levels.  There is also a Team-Battle, where you team up with a computer or a human to face another human/computer team.One small thing I did noticed was some slow control response in some instances, especially when playing the harder levels; it requires a little patience getting used to it.This game is very easy to learn, extremely addictive, colorful, fun, challenging and funny.  It has dozens of playing options and many cool sounds. It is quite entertaining with lots of clean fun for the whole family.5 stars and 100% recommended.
Many well known (and some not so well known)classic Nintendo characters fight it out here.Imagine Mario against Link?IS that possible?Here it is, you can even throw in a Pikachu!.The combat system is easy enough and each character has a blend of moves and taunts.Some characters are good for close rang while others are good at middle ground.The levels branch off from the characters own worlds.Like Link would have a castle roof top to fight on.Yoshi would have a little story book zone and so on.Colors can be changed for the outfits so you can tell who's who if you play as the same character as oneanother.The weapons span out from each of the characters franchises with a Mario fire flower and so on.I can't believe how exspensive this is this is truly a must have.
All of your favorite classic nintendo characters have joined forces to decide who rules the Nintendo World? This awesome fighting game is like Mario and Mortal Kombat together. The great thing is that theres no real violence at all! Mario can perfect his fireball move, Fox McCloud can shoot his laser, Link can throw boomerangs and bombs, while little kirby can suck up players and steal there secret powers. All characters have different special attacks. They can all punch and kick, but they all throw, smash, pound, pummle, blast and burn diffrently. Also, items fall down from the sky that you can use againts your opponents. Pokeballs, (which actually contain several random pokemon that each do different things) swords, hammers, Maximum Tomatoes and fire-flowers all rain down so you can reign over everyone on the field. With an awesome multiplayer option, this is a sure Nintendo Classic. Try this game, you'll fall in love with it fast.
Super Smash Bros. for the Nintendo 64 is one of the best games ever made. It includes 8 characters from different Nintendo games. You can chosoe to play with Mario, Luigi, Link, Ness, Kirby, Samus Jigglypuff and Pikachu. The graphics are great and the animations flow smoothly as you play.There are hidden characters and a large variety of arena's from many different Nintendo games to battle in. There are several aweosme modes to play in, including Battle mode, training mode and even a bonus mode! In addition, there are several items you can pick up to fight your opponents an to help restore your health. There are swords, fire flowers, lasers, a magic star wand, red and green shells, tomatoes to restore damage percentage, a super baseball bat and explosive barrels. There are also falling Snorlax's (giant Pokemon) that fall out of the sky and try to land on you.I highly recommend this game to any Nintendo 64 owner. If you own a GameCube look for Super Smash Bros Melee.
If you own the N64 then you must have this game. The graphics are a bit out dated, but who cares! The game is still great! Even though there are less characters than the newer smash bros this game still brings in the punches. You can play story/one player mode and also play up to 4 people.In one player mode you can either do the story mode or do the challenges. Both are fun! You can set up the difficulties and also set up how many lives you can use.Multiplayer mode is also fun. You have the ability to play in teams or not. Still you can set up the difficulties. PLUS, you can have a time battle or set up how many lives you can use.Though unlike mele you can't plat story mode with 2 players... but that shouldn't be the reason for not getting this game!
Super Smash Bros. is one of the first games I bought for the Nintendo 64 and I was not disappointed.The levels are great although they are limited the characters are all obviously awesome and the gameplay is solid.Although Super Smash Bros Melee is obviously better(more stages,more characters,more moves,characters easier to unlock,better levels,better graphics,etc)it is still one of my favorite games.The controls are pretty solid.The CPUs are challenging and its still exciting.I say get this game youll be glad you did.If youre not already a big Smash Bros. fan youll become one.
This one started it all so it is the most popular. It has great graphics for the 64 and the sound is amazing. I loved all of the super smash bros series and to this day these r my favorites for each system. It has a great multiplayer game and the stages r very creative. The only bad thing about the game is that there r only 12 charecters and not that many stages but remember this is the first one. If u look at the front it looks like a kiddie game but thats what all of the nintindo games looked like back then. The graphics r so good that sometimes u cant tell this on and the melle games apart.
Super Smash Brothers was one of the last installments to the now dead N64 gaming line. A perfect ending, if you ask me. This is't your average Mortal Kombat or Tekken game. You don't have limited health, you aren't crammed up in a tiny little space, and the computer player dosen't always win. You can run around on vast terrains, where items such as light sabers (Samus Aron or Star Fox, I don't know), pokeballs (Pokemon), hammers(The original Donkey Kong arcade), and lasers (Star Fox) fall from the sky, and are at whoever grabs them first's disposal. The levels are:Mario Brother's flying island thingie, Zelda's castle, Saffaron City, Star Fox's ship, Samus Aaron's near-destructed planet, Donkey Kong's jungle, Yosie's island, and Kirby's planet. There's also a hidden level, The Mario Brother's classic arcade world. And, now, the players:Mario, Yoshi, Kirby, Star Fox, Samus Aron, Donkey Kong, Link, and...Pikachu. And, there a 4 bonus characters, and I'll tell ya how to get them:Jigglypuff-All you have to do is beat the game, on any mode, no matter how many lives you lose.Captain Falcon-Beat the whole game on any challenge level in under 20 minutes.Ness-Beat the game on normal with only 3 lives, without getting any game overs.Luigi-Go to pratice and beat everyone's (except the bonus character's) bonus game 1. Luigi is faster and stronger than Mario.HAVE FUN!!
I convinced my cousin to rent this game back when it first came out because we were crazy about pokemon and I loved the commercial for it.When we first played it, it was hard. The controls were hard and there were too many moves to remember. But once you get around the learning curve, which only took a day or 2, the game is a great ride.The thing about the game is that it has everybody's favorite Nintendo characters in one game. It doesn't even skip on the moves. You can throw Link's boomerang, Samus Aran's morphing ball bombs, Mario's fireballs, Jigglypuff's sing, and many other characters moves. The graphics for the game were excellent at the time and still look better than any N64 game except Mario 64.Not only do you have every characters special moves is that almost everybody has their own level and music from their game. You can fight on a Pokemon Center, the Great Fox, Brinstar Depths, or in Dreamland to name a few levels. The only characters that don't have their own level or share one with another character are Ness, Captain Falcon, Jigglypuff, and Luigi. It also has weapons from each characters game. The Bo-ombs, Ray Guns, Poke Balls, Hammers, and others. If you don't like items then you can turn them off which is another cool feature.Another thing about the game is that you have to unlock half of it. You have to beat the game with everyone which makes you appreciate each character's strength and weaknesses. Yoshi doesn't have a triple jump so you have to play to that weakness while Kirby has about 7 jumps which a strength. You have to learn to take advantage of your enemies weaknesses. If you see Samus charging up be ready to reflect it back with Fox.The best thing about this game is that you have to unlock half the things yourself. You have to unlock characters and levels. It is fun, especially since the single-player is great fun.What do you do after you unlock everything? Play multiplayer mode of course which is the best part of the game. You and up to 3 friends or AI duke it out in a free-for-all. Don't like playing by yourself, you can set it to teams with up to 3 teams(red, green, or blue) and fight that way. You can play by lives or by a time limit. You'll never get tired of this game and be popping it in every so often for years to come.
This was one of my most anticpated games of all time for the N64 and this game really lives up to the hype I had.  This is one of the finest piece of fighting game I've played on the N64.  It's even more cool how all of the best Nintendo trademark characters battle it out such as Samus,Mario,Link,Fox,DK, CAPTAIN FALCON AND MORE!  This game had some really impressive graphics on the N64 and once again shocked me at how incredible the graphics for N64 are.  The action is fast pace and never looses its touch and cause me to play hours and hours of none stop story mode AND just plain fighting it out with friends or bots.  The game is incredible and should be played by all Nintendo Fans.  I found this to be far superior then most fighting games But SSBM was better then this but hey this one is a classic!  It features some awesome Levels and great Handicapped matches.  It's cool how you can also set up any match you.  You can also try to beat time records in story mode so you can get New secret characters like Captain Falcon.  The game was very impressive and this is why I gave it the score it got.  Classic...Graphics...man the graphics are just amazing! Really great visuals almost all the games I review I give the visuals Good reviews but hey I can't help it?...ok!!!  Man the graphics for the characters are so cool.  I loved the character desighn for Samus especially.  Fox and Mario looked awesome too.  It ranks up with the other great N64 titles like Zelda.  This is truly not to be missed.Gameplay is fun filled fighting action.  None stop action and fast paces moves make this an action packed thrill ride of none stop ass kicking and you'll do even better if you get Kirby who is the best.  No matter how bad you think the game is you have to admit the gameplay is Action packed and is nothing but nonstop fun!  The gameplay in this game is just worth getting the game.  Ewww Samus never looked so good...blah!The sound is cutting edge punches, shooting and well...fighting..eheheh You can here Yoshi flying in the air from miles away and it is so detailed I think Nintendo Worked very hard on this Title.  The sound is above average, I know it's lame that I review sound but oh well who cares....Well Like I said the sound is above average and is very very very detailed.  Earns a star......well.......From Impressive Visuals to great nonstop action filled fun with some really great Nintendo characters like Samus and Mario to very detailed sound.  And lets not forget about the pretty intence story mode which you can beat time records to unlock hidden characters.  This game will take hours hell probably months till you get bored of this Title but I still play it once and awhile but over all with that said...this impressive title truly earns its..5 out of 5 stars....Like I said...very impressive game...Lates
Super Smash Bros......before it, there were fighting games like Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat, and Virtua Fighter. Their rules were a bit similar, and every fighting game was like that.......until Smash Bros came along!Super Smash Bros reinvented the rules of fighting games, combining platforming with fighting moves, such as punching, kicking, etc. What's even more of a no-brainer is how several Nintendo franchises crossed over to star in this one game. Each character has their own abilities, such as Mario throwing fireballs, and Fox using his laser gun.There are a variety of stages to choose from, and most of them have their own gimmicks. The Mushroom Kingdom (unlcokable) has pipes you can go into, and Pokemon Stadium lets you open a door that certain Pokemon pop out of and attack.The 1-Player Mode is a series of battles, like how fighting games usually are. Unfortunately, the rosters of the battles don't change.However, overall, you'll get a huge kick out of this game, especially when it comes to playing multiplayer. 4 players duking it out...what more can you ask for? Well, besides Brawl and Melee.
The game that started the Smash franchise.If you still own/play on an N64, this game is a must have.Endless hours of smashing your friends, this game never gets old!
SSB is a game where you take all the classic Nintendo characters and battle them out in arenas. And this is an AWESOME fighting game. This game is very addictive and fun. The one player mode is easy and good for little kids. I really recommend this game.
This is a great game to buy for people who have been using Nintendo for years and those who are new to the license.  Smash Brothers is a fighting  game where nintendo characters (Mario, Yoshi, Starfox, Pikachu, Samus,  Kirby and more duke it out.  There are four hidden characters, a few hidden  features, and a hidden arena to be unlocked after a ton of gameplay.  The  sound is good and the graphics are good also.  A fun game to both play and  watch
I love my Game  Boy. It is awesome. I recomend to get Super Mario Bros. DX. and a battery pack (so you won't have to waste money on batteries.) with it.
I got my Game Boy Color for Chrsitmas last eyar along with several games. This is by afr the best handheld system availible price-wise. The system is...cheaper than teh new Game BOy Advance if you buy it used and the games are ...cheaper as well. The graphics may not be top notch, but don't let that fool you. There many great games including the traditional Nintendo games like Donkey Kong Country and Mario games, sports games liek Madden, All-Star Baseball and Ronaldo Soccer. There is a huge library of games with hudnreds availible. ...This is way better than the bulky Game Boy and much lighter and smaller. THe only problem with it is the buttons are to close and too small which causes a problem for people with big hands like me.MUST HAVE GAMES:Harry Potetr and the Soceror's StoneAll-Star Baseball 2001Donkey Kong CountryDriverPokemon (hey, pokemon is gay, but the game sure is fun)Zelda
I would say the gameboy color was the best hand held game system I ever owned or play. Something that you grew up using will stick to you forever. I still play my gameboy evey now and then, playing games that never get old like pokemon. The only thing I ever had bad to say about the gameboy color was that it does not have a back light and I have to use a worm light. If you ever owned a gameboy in your life it's something that you always keep with you or end up buying another one like me.
Okay if you asked me now I'd say go with Gameboy advanced. However, the price is right on Gameboy color, and it is still certainly still one of the best handheld systems. I had a lot of fun with the Poke'mon games, and also talking to gameboy for several hours a day. He'll make a fine companion to anyone living alone in the cold depths of endless solitude. 5 stars definately.
I had the teal game boy color for the longest time and loved it to peices but I gave it to my cousins so oh well I'm getting a new game boy color in purple this time either way the game boy color is excellent the double aa bateries in the game boy color can last for the longest time ever trust me on this I know that for a fact that they can really last long my one cousin was playing my game boy color around christmas time about six years ago and we stayed up until 12:00 midnight playing totally angelica on the game boy color.  if your buying a game boy color you won't be disappointed it exactly like the game boy advance sp only with out the screen light that's the only bad thing is that you have to by a light for it.
The Game Boy was a gloriously fantastic handheld back in the day. Things couldn't have been better for Nintendo....until 1998. That's when things went up a notch for the Game Boy line. People don't want light. People don't want thin copies of the system....okay maybe they still wanna fit it in their pockets, but what the people were asking for...is color.The Game Boy Color lets you play all of your Game Boy favorites in random color, but it also opens the door into a new colorful library of games! The Game Boy Color has continued the life span of the original system to 2002.It also saves batteries, as it uses half the amount of batteries the Game Boy uses.
Super Mario Bros. DX is da ba-bomb! It has tons of replay value including, racing Boo, keeping a calendar, playing Super Mario Bros. 2 (Japan version) , getting your fortune told and more. You can even play as Luigi by pressing select at the map screen I love this game! It is compatible with Game Boy printer and  game link. It is by far the best Game Boy game.
Super Mario Bros Deluxe was released in 1999 for the Game Boy Color and is essentially a port of one of the best NES games starring Mario. Normally, this idea would have sold millions of copies but Nintendo went an extra mile or two. Super Mario Bros Deluxe is the original game plus extra content that equaled a must buy title. If you were a Game Boy Color owner, you immediately bought this and played the hell out of it.The PROS: You get the original Super Mario Bros, a You Vs. Boo mode where you race against a ghost through some of the game stages, a 2 player VS mode where you and another place race against each other (connected via the cable link), a Challenge mode where for each stage you have to find 5 red coins, a Yoshi egg and beat the high score. There's also extra content like the ability to print images from the GB printer (sold separately), a program that tells you where the Yoshi eggs are hidden, a built in calendar and a fortune teller program.The CONS: None.It's a must own title back then and a real treat to play nowadays if you still have the Game Boy Color or Game Boy Advance SP. It was cool to bring around the original game with you (with the ability to save anywhere) but the extra modes and content really made it worth its price. Track down a copy because it's one game you will never ever get tired of playing.
Nintendo did a nice job of putting an old game on a kinda new system. Its the first but not the worst!
I started playing this game a few months ago and just completed all of it.  Super Mario Bros. Deluxe features not only the 1985 NES original levels, but also the Japanese version levels that North American players couldn't have before.  At that particular time, the only other way that anyone could access those levels was to play Super Mario All Stars for the Super NES/Nintendo Wii.  However, the NES Japanese levels were finally included on this 1999 Game Boy Color port/remake.  (For those of you history buffs, the Japanese version of Super Mario Bros. was actually named Super Mario Bros. 2.  The North American version of SMB2 was completely different and released in 1988 with Wart as the main archvillain, not Bowser.)I actually find the Japanese version of the levels very satisfying and much more challenging.  Some unusual effects will happen, such as Mario/Luigi jumping off a trampoline and into the air off screen for a couple of seconds, entering a "negative" warp pipe that brings you back several worlds (i.e., instead of going FORWARD), or seeing Goombas walking in the water levels.Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is one of those games that I could NEVER ever quit playing, even if I wanted to.  So stop reading this already and get this game!! Sadly, Super Mario Bros. Deluxe isn't currently available for download on the Nintendo 2DS/3DS, but it would be very nice if it was.  :)
This game is fun and it looks just like the nes game.  In fact the only thing diff. is that you can play mini games and the camera is zoomed in.  The game is worth [the money] big time.
This game is great. I heard the news that there is going to be a 16 bit version of Super Mario Bros. but I can tell you already this version is better and more authentic.It just has a classic look to it that cant be replaced. The game is very simple and to the point when it comes to concept but contains some very hard obstacles later on. If you love Mario I command you to get this game.You owe it to yourslef and to Mario and Luigi.A perfect 10.I only wish that Nintendo hadnt stopped making Game Boy Color games because we could have seen The Legend Of Zelda,Kid Icarus,Metroid,Ghosts N Goblins and Mad Max on Game Boy Color cartridges if they hadnt stopped making Game Boy Color games.Its sort of sad if you ask me.
I was a vivid gamer back in the day, and Mario was always one of my all time favorites. I have long since moved away from the video game scene, but now and then I play the classics on the PC. And when I played this version, I was amazed at how great it had been revived to the GBA. The graphics are the same, the gameplay is the same, the sound is the same, but there is new extras and bonus stuff, a pathway to choose, multi player ect.. I have to say this is the best Mario Bros. (1) game ever! Even better then Mario All Stars (snes) version!!!
For you Mario freaks who want to play the original, or those ones who are new to video games and don't have an old NES (which, sadly, are becoming increasingly rarer as time goes on), this is a good substitute.  It doesn't quite capture the magic many of us old school gamers can remember the first time we saw that screen on our TVs.  But the Golden Age of the video gaming industry has passed, and we must continue on.  Sorry for getting nostalgic, but there's still nothing quite as memorable these days as playing the old NES years ago, with a lot of friends gathered around.  Perhaps I romantize that era to much of the video game industry, but I have a lot of good memories from that.  That's how boys bond (and also men - me and my best friends still go and play the N64 --- the latest wrestling game from THQ and Goldeneye always come in handy).  And for those parents who are concerned with some of the more mature elements in gaming these days - don't worry, Mario doesn't have anything to be concerned about.Anyway, this includes some new features, like challenges (find Yoshi's Egg, 5 red coins, and beat a specified high score), races with Boo, a Toy Box (or something along those lines), and some trophies.  Also, more intriguing, is that that included the Japanese SMB II or Lost Levels for us American and UK folks or gamers I mean.  You have to get 300,000 points on the original, and then Luigi's head will appear on the gaming menu.  Its retitled SUPER MARIO BROTHERS FOR SUPER PLAYERS, and you have to be one to beat it, the difficulty level is so high.  It took us a good 13 years to get the game in original 8 bit format.  One thing about the screen: its not big enough to get the entire game inside it, so they have Mario look up and down.All in all, a good adaptation.  Still, it'd be nice to see the release of more games like this -- mainly the first two LEGEND OF ZELDA games on one cart.  Why don't they do this??  Perhaps with the release of the two new GB Colour Zelda games (they divided one game into halves and stuck it on the remaining two) we'll see a release of those two classic Zelda titles.  Other than emulation or on the 8-Bit they're unavailable.  That's a real travesty.Mike London
How does one game make an amazing comeback? Do it like Mario Deluxe did!Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is a Game Boy Color version of that game that saved the gaming industry. However, there's a bunch of features in this game that make it even better!Original 1985: Play Super Mario Bros-----Updates to game: Luigi is playable by pressing Select, world map, different HUD due to lower screen sizeChallenge: Find hidden red coins and Yoshi eggs in levels from the original gameVS Game: Race the other player in this multiplayer modeBoo (unlockable): Race the ghostLuigi (unlockable): Play Super Mario Bros: The Lost Levels!Records: High scoresAlbum: View unlockable picturesToy Box: Extra stuff to play around withSo yeah....it sure is an improvement.
It's been nearly fifteen years since the plumber wandered into the Mushroom Kingdom, and gaming has never been the same since. When the NES was released in 1985, the game that shipped with the system was the instant classic Super Mario Bros. And what better way to kick off the first year of the Game Boy Color's life than with a true Mario game? The Game Boy Color game Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is a pixel-by-pixel translation of the original NES game, with a ton of added features. And because the original Super Mario Bros. still holds up extremely well after all these years, Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is an absolutely fantastic game that borders on perfection ? perfection in Game Boy standards, of course. There are many different modes in the game, but the main game is the 1985 classic Super Mario Bros. 32 levels of platform-hopping gameplay where you must go through the world, jumping on enemies and collecting coins, making your way to the next castle before time runs out. Collect 100 coins and you've earned a secret life. Make sure you jump on...aww, skip it. You've played this game before. What you haven't played are the new modes injected in the Game Boy Color version. The Vs. Mode requires two Game Boy Colors and a link-cable, but this game is a whole lot of fun. It's a race to the flag pole between Mario and Luigi, and you'll try to screw each other up by hitting triggers that will put blocks up in the way. Very cool use of the original Super Mario Bros. engine, and worth the purchase of another cartridge just for this feature alone. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe also has a Challenge Mode, where you'll have to find five red coins and a Yoshi egg, as well as beat the level's preset score to finish the level completely. This is pretty darn difficult, hope you have a lot of patience. When I say pixel-perfect, I mean it. Even though the Game Boy Color screen has less resolution than a standard television, the developers have translated the same pixel count for every object in the game, from Mario to the koopas, turtles, even the question-mark blocks. Granted, this reduces the screen visibility somewhat, but the developers have added user-controlled screen-scrolling to the mix. If you want to see above or below where you're standing, it's all a matter of pushing up or down on the pad. All 32 levels, from 1-1 to 8-4 are patterned after the levels in the NES classic. Nothing's changed. Well, that's not exactly true, you can now save your game in progress, something you could not do in the original. It also remembers which levels you've completed, and unlocks secrets based on how many you've finished. So it's not always a good thing to find the warp zones so early in the game. Secrets? That's right. As you complete certain tasks in the game, you open up little hidden trinkets. Things like a Photo Album where you can print out earned pictures on your Game Boy Printer, or a Toy Box where you can make messages and print them out. Oh, and just because they could, the developers stuck in a fortune teller (just think "Mario Magic 8 Ball") and a calendar option where you can enter important dates and save them to a cartridge. Do they need to be in there? Of course not. But they're cool additions nontheless. Super Mario Bros. remains one of my top 10 favorite games of all-time, even though it's almost a decade and a half old. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is such a perfect translation, it makes me wonder if it's easy to port NES games to the Game Boy Advance. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe is the Game Boy Color-specific game to own, hands down, and will be the title that, hopefully, will key a revolution of porting NES games to the handheld system. Buy this game. Now.
Super Mario Brothers Deluxe is an exact copy of the original Nintendo game.  All the same graphics, levels, and even cheats are the same.  Even if you beat the original game, this version has a few things added.  There's a mode where you race a friend or the computer, a table which has  all the Toads that you've unlocked which will let you print out banners and  such on the game boy printer, a fortune teller where if you are very lucky  you earn five extra lives, and a challenge mode where you have to have a  high score, gain red coins and find a yoshi's egg.  There is also a picture  gallery similar to Zelda Dx. which has pictures of enemies and scenes from  the game.  This game is pure fun.
Super Mario Bros. for the NES revolutionized video gaming, no questions asked. Accordingly, a rerelease for the Game Boy Color seemed fitting. All 32 levels from the NES classic are back, in all their pixelated glory. The music is left unchanged from the NES as well! Plus, once you beat the 32 normal levels, you get to play through them again in an expert mode with tougher enemies more common and smaller lifts. Beat those and you get 32 NEW levels, from the Japanese version of Super Mario Bros. 2 (these are often called &quot;The Lost Levels&quot; in America.) In addition to these amazing features, there is a challenge mode where you must find a hidden Yoshi egg, 5 red coins, and get a high score. There's even a mode where you have to race to the end of a unique level against Boo! Lastly, the game contains several extras you can print out with your Game Boy Printer, which increase in number as you progress through the game. BY ALL MEANS PURCHASE THIS GAME IF YOU OWN A GBC or GBA.
I used to play the h*** out of this game when I was little and even more when I got older. Its one of those game thats old, but never got boring even when I played it multiple times. For those who are new to the series, you might think its just running up to monkeys and catching them with a net. You're partially right. If you go into this game and try to catch every monkey by just running up to them with your net, you will get a game over fast. I own the other 2 games in the Ape Escape series and played them multiple times, so its safe for me to say that Ape Escape 1 is the hardest of the series. Let me go into a little more detail.A little background: I'm not sure about other consoles at the time, but the PS1, unlike todays Sony consoles, had a different control scheme. Instead of using the analogue sticks to move your camera and control your character, you used the arrow buttons. The analogue sticks didn't have much use. Actually with some games no use at all. In other games like Spyro the Dragon you had the option to turn them on, but for some of those games it was glitchy. Ape Escape prooved revolutionary in that it was the first PS1 game to solely use analogue controls and I'm happy it did. I think Ape Escape is the best moving ps1 game I have ever played due to analogue controls. It makes controlling your character and changing camera angles way easier than most games at the time. Now all games use this control scheme for the better.Story summary: 2 boys, Spike and Jake, are heading to the Professor's laboritory to try out his time machine, but once they get there they find the professor and his assistant/granddaughter Natalie tied up by a horde of monkeys. The monkeys leader (Spector) has gotten hold of one of the professors inventions called the peak point helmet which increases Spectors intellegents and helps him achieve an insane level of power. The other monkeys possess Monkey helmets that do pretty much the same thing as Spectors helmet, but less powerful. Spctor sends himself and the other monkeys through time so they can change history in a way that'll make monkeys the dominant creatures of the earth and humans basically nonexistant. Its up to Spike to capture these monkeys, including Spector. I know its not the deepest story, but its really amusing and fun getting to travel through time through the dinosaur age up to the future. Later on in the game I actually found it compelling. You also really grow to love Spike by the time you finish the game. I understand now, why alot of people who play the sequals wish Spike was the main character again.Gameplay elements and monkeys: Once again you catch monkeys, but its easier said than done. The first 3 levels are pretty easy, but by level 4 you will be introducesd by some of the harder and more hair pulling to catch monkeys in the game. The task of catching the monkeys is made harder by the fact that you have natural level enemies to worry about while chasing the monkeys down, like Man eating plants and annoying bees. I also have to mention that alot of monkeys are PACKING HEAT! Laser guns, bombs, machine gun, HOLLYCOW! Don't get me started on the red pants monkeys later on who carry almost all these weapons as well as have extremely powerful scratch attacks that you can rarely avoid. There are different kinds of monkeys. I'll just summarize what they do. Monkeys with light blue pants are wimpy and easy to catch. Monkeys with dark blue pants are fast little monsters and require patients to get. Yellow pants monkeys are the most common and have normal difficulty. Green pant monkeys carry missiles on their back and require stealth to get because their sensitive to movement. White pants monkeys sense you easilly and are hard to sneak up on (understatement. Impossible unless someone says other wise). Black pant monkeys carry oozies/machine guns. I have to note the black pant monkeys are way harder to catch than the ones in the newer games. Then you have the abominations called red pant monkeys. Good lord do my heart stop when I have to catch one of these little bastards. Catching monkeys takes alot of patients and strategy because as you've already guessed from my description of them, they are hard to catch. Throughout the game you are given multiple inventions from the professor that are essential to catching certain monkeys in earlier levels that couldn't be caught before. Every invention is important in some shape or form and will either make a monkey easier to catch or harder, depending on the strategy used. The inventions are way better than the ones they give you in the other games. Some of the inventions in the other games are just plain useless. You also have lives in this game that you gain by collecting 100 gold arrows or a jacket. I've had more game overs in this one then any of the other two.Levels: The levels are divided by eras (the whole travel through time element). For example: Im in the dinosaur era and I play 3 levels from this era one after the other (unlock them), catch the required number of monkeys, then leave, unlocking a new era with 3 more levels (Hope that explains it good). Each level is unique and different which makes everything feel fresh and that much more awesome.Music: OMG! Ape Escape has one of my favorite videogame soundtracks of all time. Not since Donkey Kong Country 2 have I entered levels just to pause and listen to the music. Ape Escape prooves music is a very important part of a videogame. The music excites you and is very enjoyable. It has the best track of the entire series and its ashame Ape Escape 2 suffers from its bland soundtrack. In Ape Escape 3 the music is reminiscent of the first one, so I think the makers learned from their mistake. My favorite tracks are Crumbling Castle, Dark Ruins, Galaxy Monkey, The Spector theme, and a few others, but the soundtrack of the whole game is just epic and fills my heart with nostalgia and joy everytime I hear one of them. It's underrated and I wish more people knew about it.Replayabillity: Compared to the other games, Ape Escape 1 doesn't have much replayabilty, unless you're like me and love it so much you just start a new game all the time. Throughout the levels there are Spector coins you pick up. the coins are used to unlock 3 minigames in the time station. My favorite of these is galaxy monkey. The other two are meh. I really wish they had a way for you to unlock the soundtrack like the other two games. That would have been awesome.I've gone down memory lane long enough. The sad part is I still have my old Ape Escape game, but it no longer works anymore. I'm definately buying it off amazon. I wish instead of porting Ape Escape to the PSP, they would have ported it to the PS2, with an soundtrack unlockable available. Given that attention is mostly put on the PS3 and other next gen consoles/games nowadays I don't see a port happening soon (the PS3 doesn't even play older games according to some people I've asked). Ape Escape is definately worth buying.
I love APE ESCAPE. It is the best Playstration game ever. Just look at the other revues if you do not believe me. You need a dual shock controller to play this awesome game. the mini games are really cool.
I got to admit, I know the game is aimed more towards kids but I'm 35 and I had a blast with this game. I never even heard of the game til it was shown to me in someones' collection. Being bored one day, I put it in the Playstation to check it out and, lo and behold, I played that game til early the next morning. The object of the game is to catch all the monkeys lose in each level. Trust me, it isn't as easy as you might think. It takes some smarts to get them lil critters. Armed with several different gadgets, you're a one-man monkey catching machine. I know it might seem like a silly game to you but it's one of the most fun games I've played in a long while. You definitely owe it to yourself to see what it's all about.
What can I say? You are catching bad monkeys with a net. How can that not be fun?It starts off not that impressive the first few levels but don't let it fool you. It gets much better. Easily my favorite platformer on the PS1.
Ah, the year was 1999. While Sony and Nintendo were clashing, people thought that 2000 would be the end or at least the end of their computers. SpongeBob SquarePants began to reign to over kids, along with Pokemon. And some people were wondering why their Ape Escape game wouldn't work as they threw their non-Dualshock controllers down on the floor, while I was hating the game for not knowing how to play it. However, when I got it together, it became one of my favorites until its demise in 2008, when, wanting to make an ISO of my aging disc, I found it with a huge crack on it, under unknown circumstances.So, now that I've got a little of my nostalgia out, onto my review of this unique little game.GRAPHICS: Blocky, polygonal, and furthermore, colorful. In other words, it is the typical PS1 game. Nothing like a PS3's,  but who cares?MUSIC:  A big kudos to the people who composed to the music, because even after ten years it is still fun to listen to. Catchy, synth-like riffs fill this level, each level having a unique soundtrack. What's also cool is when you crouch, some of the instruments cease.SOUND/VOICE ACTING: The sounds, while sort of primitive, are also catchy. The swoosh of the net will be music to your ears, along with the footsteps and other stuff. The voice acting, while so-so, is actually the best voice acting in the trilogy. I wish the cast would have stayed for 2 and 3, but oh well.STORY: Simple, but pretty original. Specter, the most popular monkey in the monkey amusement park, finds the Professor's Peak Point Helmet, which enhances intelligence. Once he puts it on, he wants revenge for being locked up in there, so he makes more, gives them to all the monkeys in the park, and he raids the Professor's lab to use his time machine to rewrite history so apes can rule the world. Now only Spike, who kind of looks like Yu-Gi-Oh, can capture the monkeys, defeat Specter, and save his friend, Jake, who is under Specter's control.GAMEPLAY: Now here's where the game truly shines. Before I talk about the actual gameplay, however, let me discuss the controls.The Dualshock controller had been out for a while, but was still unneeded to enjoy the game. All it provided was vibration, and the ability to play with the analogue stick, the right stick as useful as wisdom teeth. Then Ape Escape came along and changed everything. Those without DS controllers had to get some to enjoy this game, whilst many tried to figure out the layout. The directional pads were only used for the camera, while the triangle, square, cross, and circle buttons were just used to change gadgets. It was then where the right stick, the L3, and the R3, (the latter both not having a title yet. It was just `push the left/right stick down like a button,) finally got their chance. This paved way for more functions for the Playstation controller.As for the gameplay itself, it is a blast, even if it's your 10th play. You time travel to many eras, your mission being to catch the apes. You also got gadgets, which help you solve puzzles and catch some out of reach monkeys. You start off with a stun club and a net, but you later get a total of nine gadgets, each having their unique function. The apes themselves are diverse, with each color of pants they wear representing their abilities. Some move so fast that you must catch them via stealth. After all, this was made a year after Metal Gear Solid came out. You don't have to catch all the monkeys in the level (some you can't until later when you got a different gadget,) but if you do, you can play the level with a time trial, which gives you nothing, but is fun. You also need to catch every single ape if you want to catch Specter. Your health is represented by cookies. You can also get Specter Coins, which allow you to play three different mini-games once you get the required amount. There's a skiing game, a boxing game, and a space shooter game, the last one the best IMO. There are also two racing levels where you race the brainwashed Jake for Specter coins.As for bosses, there are none until you get to Crumbling Castle. It's a shame, because the bosses are fun to fight. Instead, the game relies on enemies to keep you at bay besides the apes. You can't kill the apes, but you can kill the enemies and get goods. You'll have to search everywhere for those damn dirty apes, from the ocean to the Ice Age to even inside a dinosaur.Ape Escape, overall, is quite a fun game. It's not too hard, but it's still entertaining. This is a must buy. They also remade this game for PSP, but I never tried it. But I think AE is best on the big screen with a controller.
Graphics: 9/10 - Nothing is ugly in Ape Escape, it all looks totally fabulous. The character movements and designs are extremely nice and the attacks and training scenes are all beautifully put together.Sound: 8/10 - A groovy score and neat sound editing techniques make Ape Escape's sound thoroughly plausible.Value: 9/10 - Endlessly fun to play. Ape Escape is a game you will start once and start again, start once and start again. You'll play it so many times; you may take over 10 whole memory cards!Overall: 9/10 - This shouldn't be overlooked because of its frankly silly plot. It's stunningly enjoyable to play and really gives a good use to the analogue controller.
This game was so cool it nearly gave me a heart attack... literaly! The mad man none as Specter who puts on blinking red, yellow, and blue helmets with sirens. The blue sirens mean they don't hear or see anything. The yellow sirens is when they hears something. And the red sirens is when they see you or if your chasing them. So Specter put the helmets on them and formed a monkey army to destroy Spike and Jake. And you can get thounsands of Gatcha Gagets and I'm not telling you what they are. And Gatcha coins and Specter Coins. YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAME!!! Also play these games Ape escape 2 & Ape escape 3.
I thought Spyro The Dragon was great,but when I was done,I was looking for some other great action/adventure games.Ape Escape took the place of excitment,and it didn't fail.You'll love this game!
Back when I first owned my PlayStation, I tried many games from Blockbuster. I've been a fan of Crash Bandicoot, and actually it was that series that compelled me to choose a PlayStation over a Saturn (thank goodness), so I quickly became of fan of platforming games. Not to mention that I loved Super Mario 64, but, since I didn't own an N64, I was forced to play it only when I visited my cousin's.One day, while browsing my local Blockbuster, my sister saw a cover with monkeys on it. With that and Rugrats, she checked out the counter with my selections, and we went home that day to play games. I don't remember what games I checked out (FFIX?), but Ape Escape was the one title we played together until we had to return it.Her following birthday, I bought it for her. You may think, "Oh, that's nice," but I bought it because I actually wanted to play it...It was the first game I've ever completed in its entirety, and I go back from time to time to replay it, no matter how many times I've caught the monkeys. The sequels are good, but this stands out as the first game to fully require the DualShock controller, and the music in this installment is my favorite in the series.Monkeys have taken over different periods of history, and so it's your job to catch them all and bring down the leader. You get helpful gadgetry along the way, and they're all extremely useful and you'll find yourself using them all to the very end. Sometimes some games give you arsenals that become obsolete a few levels later; not here. Every level can use all your tools.The boss fights are sparse, but the final boss more than makes up for it. It remains one of my most favorite boss battles, though, by today's standards, it's pretty easy.I write this review only a couple weeks after my latest playthrough, and the game still holds up extremely well. I thought that, with my years of gaming experience, catching the monkeys would be a lot easier. While I know most of the game's secrets, and the easier levels were far easier than before, the monkeys still prove a challenge to capture. The patterns for boss fights are easy to get down, and I experienced no degradation in my original copy of the game when playing on a PS3.This game should be a requirement for all PlayStation owners.
Great game, I dont really think its a little kid game...im 14 and i still think its tough.The controls are very hard to get used to.Besides the goofy storyline and tough controls, its still an awesome game.
They really hit the mark on this one!... characters, storyline, play, music, graphics... everything just superb for its time!  I played this game over and over again just to play it.  It's a fun game, but out of all the times I played it I could never defeat the Ruby Weapon.  I think he's like impossible or something! LOL  But even so, that wasn't much of a let down because the rest of the game was so cool.  And Sephiroth... what a perfect villan.  He looked pretty cool!  If you've never played any of the FF series (and even if you have), this is a definite 'must have'!
Final Fantasy 7 is a classic. The game is great. The characters are special, the graphics were pretty good for its time, the game play was on point and who can really mention Final Fantasy 7 without mentioning the FREAKING MUSIC??! I really love the characters and just about everything else about the game. However, when you mix in the music everything just fit. I think this was the second Final Fantasy title I played after 3. After playing 3, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, Tactics and the first Tactics Advance game, I must say that this game is still my favorite Final Fantasy. It's spectacular. And while I honestly don't think I could play through the game again today it still holds up as one of the best games I've ever played. Definitely the best RPG game I've ever played. If I hadn't booted it up and played it so much in the past I might feel different about owning it again. However, if you've never played the game (do you live under a rock?!) then it's really a great idea to try it somehow. If you missed it because you were too young/not born when it came out in '97 then do so. Now. :)5 stars.
Wow, the reviews here run the gamut; while I am not surprised to see many bad reviews (sometimes, I think that people are just feeling spiteful, as I myself have another incarnation that does the same thing), it is odd to read such statements as &quot;This is destined to be the most disappointing RPG ever&quot; (and forgive me for ruining your writing for the sake of comprehensiblilty). FFVII was released in 1997, became possibly the best-selling RPG ever, has been lauded by most critics for years, and this is 2004. I think the ship of destiny has sailed.Anyway, I love this game. I have played it multiple times, and while it isn't my favorite FF title (that honor is shared by FFVI and FFVIII), it holds a special place in my heart. I read in the spotlight above that one reviewer gave up on the game because Aeris died; this seems odd (I mean, really, these are only video game characters, and can someone really get worked up that much over the merely-physical death of a single heroine?). I myself found this a bit silly (characters get killed all the time in RPGs; didn't Cloud have a Phoenix Down on hand?), but it didn't detract from my enjoyment of the game. The gameplay, the sidequests, the graphics (for their time), the Chocobos - all come together quite well in this title. I particularly enjoyed the frustration (and ultimate satisfaction) of defeating Emerald and Ruby, and the storyline is OK as well. I'm sure that everyone has played this, but if you haven't, well, give it a try.
Sephiroth, the main villian of the game, is probably the best-dressed villian in a FF game.  Also, he has the most sinister theme of any villian in any game.  Everything about Sephiroth is sinister.You play Cloud, a man from the small city of Nibelheim (sounds like a city in Germany). Cloud works for AVALANCHE, a terrorist group that's fighting against the evil Shirna, Inc.  As the game unfolds, you learn that Shirna, Inc does far more evil than AVALANCHE does.  Shirna, Inc knows no end to its evil.One of the best games for the ps1!
Whenever I'm asked what my favorite game of all time is, the answer is always rather clear: Final Fantasy VII. No game before it and no game since then has managed to pull me so deeply into the story and have me hanging on every word like this one did. The characters, the music, the graphics, the story... it's all golden.The characters are simply unforgettable. Cloud, Aeris, and Yuffie were my favorites of the bunch. Each character has such wonderful design, half realistic half cartoonish, full detailed backgrounds, and such personality and potential to develop that I enjoyed following everyone one of them.The music and graphics sticks in my mind like nothing else. They worked so well together. From simple cut scenes to the most glorious of FMV. And unlike today's games that throw long boring FMV in just for the sake of filling 2 DVDs, this game used FMV to make a point so poetically you couldn't help but feel like you just watched an epic film. To this day there's scenes that I cheer and nearly tear up over when I see them replayed. There were scenes that I would literally hold my breath through just in awe of not just the graphics... but the sound, the motion, the story unfolding so elegantly. Squaresoft has a knack for this, no doubt about it. This is the Lord of The Rings (film) of video games.I wish I could sit here and just ramble on and on about the beautiful story and the twists, turns, and major events, but obviously that would ruin it for any who still haven't played this masterpiece of a game. I see many, many people today who have never played a game like this and are simply enthralled by today's crop of PS2 RPG wanna-be's and it really irks me. They simply don't know what they've missed and 9 times of 10 simply don't care.I've probably played through this 30 some hour quest at least 3-5 times, and I enjoyed it every bit as much each time through. It may not have the 200 hours of today's games, but unlike today's games it's not freaking simulated boredom. It's 30 hours of FUN and story like you've never seen before. This game changed my perspective of how videogames could be, and is guaranteed a lifetime place in my favorite collection.- Rirath_com
What other video game has had a review put in quotes on the back saying "Quite possibly the greatest game ever made"?I've just bought my 360 and love playing it. I've been playing games since oldschool Nintendo. I remember getting Mario Bros. 3 for Christmas.There's only one game that has ever been able to take me completely out of my element and take hold of everything I love about games and never let go.This is the masterpiece that is Final Fantasy VII.
Final Fantasy 6, a.k.a. Final Fantasy 3 on the SNES, was a great success.  Many magazines like GamePro and EGM have praised it for its rich plot and complex scenarios.  Nintendo Power even called it "the RPG hit of the decade."  Fans of the Super Nintendo and RPGs rejoiced over how great this game was, and with a slew of other RPGs on the system like Chrono Trigger, ActRaiser, and Nintendo's A Link to the Past, a lot of fans---myself included---generally regard this period as one of the best video game production times of our generation, if not THE best.Along comes the Sony PlayStation.  For some, this marks the end of the Golden Age of classic video games.  I don't entirely agree, as that system was the home of a handful classics; Castlevania: Symphony of the Night revitalized the Castlevania series and outranked many of the 3-D games that cropped up at the time.  Metal Gear Solid redefined stealth action and brought Solid Snake into the mainstream.  Mega Man X4 continued the saga of Mega Man X and combined the old-school flavor of Mega Man with arcade-style, frenetic action.Now, we get into Final Fantasy 7.  The first game, besides the original, to be correctly numbered.  If you've read my FF6 review, I said that that game was the end of the magic era and the introduction of industrial technology.  FF7 takes that further into a dystopian technological atmosphere; its bleak, dark outlook is not dissimilar to Ridley Scott's Blade Runner.  This was a stark contrast to the previous games that were about grandiose medieval adventure.  No more dragons, colorful highlands, and sorcery.  No more saving the princess from mortal doom.  No more four crystals and light warriors.When I first played this game back in 1997, my first thought was "This isn't Final Fantasy!  I mean, they curse in the game, too!  How dare they change my Final Fantasy?!  How dare they take away what I loved about it?!"  Yet, many of my friends loved it, and still love it for its nostalgic factor.  Heck, it's sold over ten million copies worldwide, making it the highest-selling Final Fantasy of ALL time.Coming from that stubborn mold, I didn't give the game an objective eye and realized years later that I initally rejected it under a false pretense.  Is it my favorite Final Fantasy game of all time?  Well, no, but I am giving it its credit now, and there are many aspects of the game that help make it the top-selling Final Fantasy game.The story centers on a former SOLDIER named Cloud Strife, who joins the AVALANCHE group in trying to take down Shinra, Inc., a megolomaniacal corporation that's draining the planet's life force.  He's a bit less colorful than some of the main characters of past Final Fantasies (even further games), but through the course of the game, he has a very interesting backstory.  He is joined by Barrett, the leader of AVALANCHE and the closest video game character akin to Mr. T; Tifa Lockhart, a sexy martial artist and friend of Cloud's; Aeris, a flower merchant who turns out to be a "Cetra," the previous owners of the planet; Red XIII, a cat creature that was experimented on by Shinra; Cid Highwind, a pilot with Dragoon Knight characteristics (and ironically, shares the same last name as Kain from Final Fantasy 4!  What delight!); Vincent, an immortal that previously worked with Shinra before his "death"...and Yuffie, a young thief who plays tricks on the party.  Oh, and then there's Cait Sith, but let's move on...The villain that everyone talks about from this game is Sephiroth.  In my FF6 review, I thought Kefka was the best Final Fantasy villain ever.  I still believe that, but Sephiroth is still one of the greatest villains in any RPG.  Sephiroth does have some interesting motives; he is originally Cloud's friend, even a mentor, and the best member of SOLDIER for a time.  However, upon learning what appeared to be his real past (not quite real, but no spoilers here!), he progressively goes insane and is hell bent on bringing back the "Promised Land," which basically means wounding the planet and sucking its life force.  While he's not your typical, heartless villain (not saying Kefka is typical, but you feel from the first hour of that game that he is downright evil.), he is a mentally distraught, horribly twisted person, and that progression of madness that worsens throughout the game is actually very well transitioned.  Plus, he is responsible for murdering Aeris, scarring the mind of my RPG generation forever.While the battle system only allows three people, the Materia system and the Limit Breaks add fun to the game.  While I adore Final Fantasy 9, 7's Limit Breaks worked better, and they also level up.  The Materia system is based on your weapons and items' slots, allowing you to interchange materia like ice, fire, lightning, restore, and other things.  They also do things differently depending on how they're linked to other materia and ALSO if they're attached to your weapon or your accessory.  This adds some fun to the battle, and you can even interchange materia without disrupting the level of the particular materia slot you're using.The story is as epic as any great Final Fantasy should be, although I do admit that the ending is a bit lax...still, it was followed up by sequels, so at least the story did continue.  Most of the characters are interesting, even colorful (Cid and Barrett's constant swearing definitely added flavor to this FF entry!).  Cloud's complex relationships with Aeris and Tifa are among the story's highlights, and of course, the culmination of Cloud facing his former friend and idol.The music is once again composed by Nobou Uematsu, and he delivers once again.  My ONLY complaint is not with his compositions itself, but with the sound quality.  The Sony PlayStation had a superior sound chip system in comparison to the Super NES, yet the sound quality of games like Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 3 (er, 6!) blasted you with superb sound quality.  I don't hold this against the game to any large degree, but I did find that kind of odd...especially if you hear Michiru Yamane's score for Symphony of the Night or Toshihiko Horiyama's score for Mega Man X4.Overall, my final opinion of the game.  I've grown to like this game despite my love for the more medieval-styled Final Fantasies of the past.  This one was a departure from the past, adding more mature elements into the game (colorful language, sexual references, etc. etc.).  Definitely your big brother's kind of RPG.  While some may dispute its "overrated" longevity, its success on the Sony PlayStation became a part of that system's legacy and it also brought RPGs to the mainstream audience.Yes, it's insanely popular, but give the game its due.  It's worthy of the qualities that have made it the best-selling Final Fantasy, and while it may not be my personal favorite, it kicks major amounts of awesome nonetheless.Other Recommendations:Final Fantasy 6 (in my opinion, perfectly accompanies this game)Chrono Trigger (SNES)Breath of Fires 2 and 3 (SNES,PSX)Xenogears (PSX)Castlevania Symphony of the Night (PSX)
People seem to forget the number one reason Final Fantasy 7 is loved so fondly and remembered all these years later- it was one of the first video games able to tell a story that MILLIONS of people cared about.  In fact, it's probably the first RPG to ever tell such an incredible story.  It was also groundbreaking back in the day having extremely-realistic cutscenes featured, along with a quest that carried over 3 discs.  That's why the game is remembered.However, I have no idea why the price for the game jumped up to almost 70 bucks these days.  I guess because everyone who owns the game refuses to give up their copy.
Playstation 1 owners out there with a penchant for RPG games probably need no good word of mout from me, as this game is one of the staples for the system. However, for those who don't have this game, get it!...
It wasn't until the Greatest Hits version came out that I ever really took an interest in Final Fantasy VII. I guess it was because I wanted to pursue the game in my own time. Besides, back when this game first came out, you hardly ever found a copy on the shelf to buy. I was always one of the unlucky ones, it seemed. Finally, after obtaining a copy for myself, I got to see what all the 'hoopla' was about.The story, itself(as you probably already know by playing it), is about Cloud Strife. Cloud is a mercenary who joins with a group of others(Avalanche) to stop a megacorporation callled Shinra. Shinra is draining the life of the planet to use as an energy source. Course, the story progresses and deepens when Sephiroth(the game's main antagonist) comes into play. Sephiroth's part in this story?...if the world is damaged, its' Lifestream will gather together in an attempt to heal the wound. Sephiroth plans to use a powerful spell called "Meteor" to cause this injury, and then merge with the planet's energy, allowing him to be reborn as a god. Then, he plans to rule over the planet.Final Fantasy VII has a long history behind it. FF7 was planned, first, as a new game for the SNES and was quickly moved to Nintendo's new system at the time, the Nintendo 64. Due to lack of catridge storage capacity, it eventually led to a dispute between Nintendo and Square that resulted in Square ending its long relationship with Nintendo.  Square decided, from that point, to release Final Fantasy VII for the Sony Playstation. The game has went on to sell well over 9.8 Million copies worldwide. It's spawned a series of other games under the FF7 name but none have quite reached the status that the original has. A remake has been rumored for quite some time now but, as of yet, no remake has been produced by Square. My opinion on the remake or lack thereof? Well, considering at to how they made a killing on fans buying the first game when it came out, it's almost guaranteed that they would make a killing a second time. I don't understand why they won't give the fans what they want. They'd come out alot better because of it. It would, definitely, put them back on top as the leader of RPGs..to be sure. Course, enough on the subject, right?Onto the meat of this review..What do I think of Final Fantasy VII?? First and foremost, it is quite an achievement in the RPG genre. It was the RPG where players found themselves in a three-dimensional world that, after playing the game, they actually felt like they'd went on an epic journey. It's the only game other than Legend of Zelda:Ocarina of Time where I ever felt that way. It was also the first RPG to really evoke some emotion out of me. The characters weren't two-dimensional, they had character and you could invest in that. It helped set the standard for all other RPGs to follow to this day. Too bad, though, you hardly see traditional turn-based RPGs like these anymore.  Sure, you may on the Nintendo DS and the Sony Playstation Portable but not much on any of the console systems these days. While it may seem dated in a time when everything is in 3-D and not 3-D on prerendered backgrounds, it still stands the test of time. The story holds up as well, even if it is a little hard to figure things out at times. The battles are engaging and the game is just fun! While I won't say it's my most favorite FF game; it's one of the games that got me hooked on RPGs. There's never a shortage of good things that can be said about this game.Do I have any gripes about the game? Just one thing...the ending.  The ending is kind of sudden and, as another reviewer stated elsewhere, it just ends. Not quite like Legacy of Kain:Soul Reaver did back in the day, though...nothing like that. The way it ends leaves you wanting more. Maybe it was intended to be that way...you think?All in all, Final Fantasy VII is a game that I highly highly recommend that everyone(and I do mean everyone) should play-at least once-even if you're not into RPGs. It'll definitely give you a better understanding of RPGs and why people love playing them so much.
Let's face it--Final Fantasy VII got the whole thing started again.  Back in the old days of 8-bit consoles and Commodore 64s, when Apple computers wasn't nerd-speak for "I don't know how to run my machine," RPGs were a very narrowly targeted genre with little flavor or flash in them, and as the consoles outpaced the appeal of the text based, graphics poor style, they started to fall out of favor.  It was this game that opened the door for the whole next generation of RPGs and brought the genre into the mainstream, and this game did all those things for very good reasons.I'll start with the good, because I feel the need to stress that this is a game you'll probably enjoy.  There are a lot of flaws, but the fact of the matter is that you'll probably only notice them if you go looking for them.  What the game has going for it is a fairly intuitive gameplay interface, a cast of interesting characters, and a story that combines innovation with the same old epic qualities to make a nice, comforting blend.  Those are the most evident qualities this game has, and they outweigh the shortcomings by a long way.But there are shortcomings, they are significant, and they need to be admitted to.  First off, the graphics are just terrible by today's standards.  Forget history--I want to know if this thing's going to look good right now, and this is probably the worst game in the entire series in terms of current presentability.  The CG movies, while impressive, are exceeded with flagrant ease by every other subsequent Square release, the screens are drawn in a fuzzy fashion that gave me a headache if I tried to play for more than two hours in a row, and the game suffers from severe graphical design schizophrenia.  While I have enough imagination to reconcile the blocky, superdeformed character models used through most of the game with the slick, properly proportioned CG figures, that will definitely cause some people trouble.  While this game was certainly visually impressive when it came out, these days it just doesn't cut muster, and you need to keep that in mind when you pick it up (even it's next closest sequel in the series was infinitely better--you WILL notice the graphics problems).This game also can have race issues if you want it to.  If you're overly sensitive about the issue, I'd avoid this title.  Barrett is the only black man in the entire universe, and he's not that complimentary a character.  I don't particularly care--he was supposed to be Mr. T, and he turned out well in that regard, but if you intend to read some kind of general statement on the merit of people of a particular shade, you may as well just let this one pass by.The story is also a problem, contrary to the high praise that die-hard fans often give it.  This story is confusing for no particular reason, and the writers are totally lost in terms of how they want to tell their tale.  I like the characters--tell me what happens to them.  No?  Okay--then I'm saving the world.  So why do I care about this schmo's childhood trauma?  The total effect was that when I got to the end of the game, I felt incredibly shortchanged in terms of story fulfillment, since the characters' significance pretty much takes a nose dive on the third disk.  The story is needlessly complex at points and the major inconsistencies aren't dealt with particularly well (I do not consider a tube of goo an effective address to a plot hole).  While the plot is innovative and epic, it is also confused and meandering, and you may have to play through it twice to figure out what's going on.Again, though, I should stress that these problems aren't going to be too big if you don't want them to be.  These are things that you can ignore very easily while you play through the game.  The gameplay itself ranks among the best balanced ever, with random monster encounters (a BAD idea, but one that every game without Grandia or Chrono in the title seems to stick with) well tailored to the characters' levels and the game remaining appealing and challenging throughout.  This one will appeal to just about anybody, and it should be in any RPG fan's library.
All in all, it is impossible to not recommend Final Fanatsy VII to anyone who is even vaguely interested in RPGs.
This is just one of those classic games to find my childhood. It really was one of the best RPG's money could buy and still is. Just look at all the fanfare around the game the reason why people still play and talk about this game.
Many years have passed since I first played this amazing title.  Love it or hate it, Final Fantasy 7 broke new ground in the RPG market, and games today have a lot to be thankful for that Final Fantasy 7 made possible.For those who haven't played this title, it is going to appear very dated, especially the hideously deformed polygon characters.  But the backgrounds are beautiful scenes based on hand drawn pictures.  The backgrounds are set, so they don't move.  Instead you move around them.  It was a style used extensively on the PS1 and still used in other games today (especially on the portable systems).  Granted, many of us would love to see a remake, and that might happen someday, but not likely any year soon.I will just sum up what I love about this game, even in today's market of amazing games (and a lot of terrible games or super easy games also).  First, the game was insanely easy.  I died once on my first play through (against Lost Number before I realized what to do), and I don't believe I saw a gameover screen since.  But the ease of the game is not an issue.  There is still some challenge, and part of what makes the game enjoyable is the lack of 'cheap' enemies.  But once you get the hang of things, it is super easy.The story is amazing, and only Final Fantasy 10 has really compared.  Final Fantasy 6 was such a great title, that I never thought anything could top it, but FF7 just drew me in and didn't let me go.  I couldn't believe the intrigue, the depth, the complexity of the story.  I found myself on edge at school (I was in high school when it first released) and I couldn't wait to get home to play it.  When Cloud goes against Rufus near the end of the Midgar arc, I knew I loved this game.  When it took over 2 hours of game play to get to a world map, I knew something was special.  And when the game cuts (in real time) to the CG of Junon's cannon, I was stunned.With the pretty games of this era, one might be unimpressed, but if you remember the era when this game was made, it broke ground that developers feared.  First true epic big budget RPG with cut scene CGI.  Low to zero loading times (so happy for that!).  A central character that is killed mid way through the game.  And an amazing depth of side quests and extras at the end of the game that were fun and rewarding.Going back, it may not match up against some more recent titles in every facet, but overall this is still a solid and spectacular game.  In my opinion only Zelda The Ocarina of Time and Super Mario World can compare with this title in overall quality and fun.  Though I have other personal favorites (big shout out for Ogre Battle!), I cannot argue that Final Fantasy 7 is among the three best games of all time, and easily the most ground breaking RPG ever.  As nostalgic as the earlier titles are (and I love them all), this game just proves that solid gameplay and an amazing story are timeless.
This is probably the best RPG that ever has and ever will be released. I've had it since it's release in 1997 and beat it several times and I plan to again. It just doesn't get old. The graphics are still great, but a little outdated of course because technology is getting better. But it still looks pretty. The battle system is the best of any of the Final Fantasy games, even the newer ones. In fact, I think that the battle system of FF7 is the best of any RPG. The music composition is great as well, even if it is just one guy on a synthesizer. It's great. Let's see; the gameplay is perfect, the music is perfect, the battle system is perfect, the character's are loveable, and the best part is...the story. This game is truly a classic and I recommend it to collectors and gamers alike.
My cousin was a HUGE RPG fan before I was and one day I got money for my birthday and I went uptown and he came along. He saw Final Fantasy VII on the shelves and bugged me to get it. So I eventually got it but found he was playing it more than me. So when he wasn't around, I sneaked and played his game and I got so wrapped up in the game I forgot I was still playing his game and he missed some plot elements. But I couldn't contain myself cause this was one of the best games I played, and still do, I'm currently on my 8th play.Story: Cloud, a former SOLDIER(kind of like an elite squad) member is recruited by Avalanche to help bring down the Shinra Corporation whose reactors are draining the planet of its energy. Where it goes from there involves a being from the sky, genetic experimentation and mind freak-outs.Music: Some of the best music ever is on the soundtrack. One track, Aeris's Theme is worth the price of it alone. This song can't be put into words, one of the most beautiful compositions I've ever listened to(and it's played in a sad scene but I won't spoil it). But this soundtrack also included a wide variety of music like rock(Boss Battle Theme)New age sounding(City of the Ancients), funk like(Wall Market) to ominous(Those Chosen By The Planet).Graphics: Back in 1997, these graphics were jawdropping. That opening sequence with Aeris, the entrance to Gold Saucer, and awakening of ancient beings were just amazing. They seem tame now but back then, they were gorgeous. It isn't flawless though: the characters look "blocky" like it'll have a big block for a hand and in some cases, you can see them without a mouth but it doesn't detract from the feel of the game.And one thing to note if you've haven't played a Final Fantasy before, yes it is Part VII but it's not like a saga where each part is a continuation of the story. It's all new story, characters, villains, worlds etc.For your spells and abilities, it includes the Materia System. While I'm not gonna spoil what a materia is, the basic function of it is to give you special abilities. Equip it on your weapon or armor and you can cast magic, summon beasts, counterattack, steal or give you some benefits. Master it and it'll create a new one. So awesome materia like Ultima, Knights of the Round or Mime can be replicated, giving you almost an endless string of summons.In VI and in VIII, certain special attacks can be accessed when a character was low health. Here it's a bar that fills up whenever you get attacked. Fill it up and you can unleash a string of powerful attacks, one big beam, or even cure party members. One flaw is that regular attacks can't be accessed so you can't save it for an approaching Boss, you either have to use magic or just defend.This is one of the best games you'll play and even though there's other games out currently that can distract, it always helps to go back to what started it all: what brought people into the RPG genre in a HUGE way: Final Fantasy VII.
Lets face it people, this is the reason you bought a Playstation. Its the game that made me buy one. Although the game is not without its problems that are irritatingly noticble now (a horrible translation, bad grammer, etc) for its time this game was revolutionary. Square made great use of FMV technology to progress this very anime like story line. FF VII is one of three titles argued to be the best of them (VI, VII and VIII), and is the game that started the RPG revolution that made Playstation what it is today.These days this game is sorely dated and this game should be remade using GCN technlogy. I do not believe that they should make it realistic. Idealy I'd like to see them use toon shading in this remake idea to replace the 3D monstosities which were featured in the game originally. The original charcter models were inconsistant and largely overly blocky. However the battle scenes and major FMVs offered a whole lot of anime potential. This game needs to be toon shaded!
OH MY GOD! I've had this game for about 4 years now and it still kicks a**!  The plot is amazing and totally unique (and never gets old) The characters are dynamic and well done, the combat system is well thought out, and the magic system is much better than that of FFVIII.  The only possible flaw with this game is the polygonal graphics, but when everything else is so amazing, WHO GIVES A F***?  The story follows a rebel group known as AVALANCHE as they battle a large evil multinational corporation, but as they get closer to bringing it down, they soon realize the real fight for the safety of the world is still to come when a madman known as sephiroth (the greatest villain ever concieved)tries to summon forth a power that will destroy the planet, but amke him an all powerful being.  Plot twists galore and about 70 hours of gameplay make this game an entirely different experience.
I will never get rid of my FF7, I will hurt somebody who try's to take my FF7. Thank you for reading my review.
According the the Guiness Book of Video Game Records, this game is in the top five best selling games for the Playstation 1.  That means that it is also the most common.  So why why  would this $10-15 game used jump to sky high prices?  I am guessing that the younger generation wants to see what all the hype was about and that the dvd based on this game did not hurt demand either...  Either way, the game is still awesome.
Released in 1997, FFVII is considered one of the best RPG's ever created. Here is my review on this masterpiece!Graphics: 10/10 Now, a lot of the reviewers are complaining that the graphics bite, and thus giving it one star. What is wrong with gamers today? All they care about is graphics, not gameplay. Back then, the graphics looked REVOLUTIONARY! And don't give me any of the "Oh, they sucked even back then!" That's not true.  Just read the back of the box.  Sure, the character designs on the field looked bad, but the battle graphics, backgrounds, and FMV's make these look great!Sound/music 10/10 Clash! Bang! Boom! Lots of neat sound effects! As for music, well the final boss music is the best piece of music ever. The heavy-metal boss theme is cool!Story 10/10 I don't know why everybody bashes this. It starts out simple, then turns complex with many twists and turns and a lot of character development.Gameplay 1000/10The game is  LONG! The battle system is AWESOME!  Lots of cool mani-games! Chocobo-breeding! Lots of swearing! Tough optional bosses! I could keep telling you about it, but I don't wanna! Ha!Buy? BUY! BUY BUY! This is one of the coolest games! Best of all, it's cheap. I can imangine, 100 years from now, everybody will still be talking about this game! If you want a feast of music, graphics, gameplay, and spicy language, buy this!EDIT: 12/01/05WTF's with the Monster's Inc. cover?
Final Fantasy VII was a major hit in 1997 it was also the first final fantasy game not to be on a Nintendo console. This game has gone on to be without a doubt the most popular final fantasy game if not the most popular jrpg game ever made, and with good reason.If I had any complaints about this game its the fact that the graphics while amazing back in 1997 look a bit dated in 2014 which while some of the other final fantasys might look a little jagged around the edges but the have aged better. Which isn't the games fought or nothing given that company's where still getting the foot on the ground in the whole 3d fad in 1997, but it might turn off other players. Everyone kinda has a legoie look to them. In the battle scenes however are really detailed and graphically hold up today. Now for the music 90% of the games soundtrack is amazing for a psx game its highly catchy and without the music I doubt the game would have been quite as popular as it is today. With that being said there is a few tracks in the game that are hard to listen to but most of it is great.Of Coarse the important part about final fantasy is the story and game play. The story without giving out any spoilers for the few that haven't played it yet, in this game is probably the best we will be able to see in a video game (besides final fantasy 6 and maybe star wars knights of the old republic). What I like about the earlier final fantasy games is that its kinda like reading a book only that your playing and immersed into it. So with that being said I actually preferred this over the newer ones with the voice acting. If your a younger gamer or have kids the may have a hard time getting into a final fantasy game until the have reached the age the can read and perhaps this game can even help them learn or want to learn how to read. Also for newcomers of the series you do not need to play any of the previous final fantasy's to understand the story. Most Final Fantasy's with the exception of the ons that have -2 on them have nothing to do with one another story wise other than a few minor references here and there so if you just want to play one final fantasy you are invited to do that.Game play wise this game is very similar to the previous final fantasys IV-VI with the active time battle. This makes the battles a lot more fun as you can not scroll threw everything all day and get a shower before you make your move. With that being said you do have some time before making a move but you do have to be careful. Anyway this is on of the more easier final fantasys although it is still challenging none of the final fantasys (while maybe 13) are casual friendly and this is no different there is a learning curve however if you don't play games much and are sucked into this on you will learn it eventually. Just might have to start over a time or to.Anyway believe it or not despite popular believe this is not the best final fantasy game. Now it is on of the best and is the best final fantasy game to get started with since its slightly easier but I would recommend playing threw Final Fantasy VI as well since after beating VII I discovered more games in the series and found that this game was a lot more fun although similar plus the story of that game completely sucks you in even more than VII does. Along with the soundtrack of VI is just as great if not better.Anyway even though VI is a better game, although a bit more hardcore. VII is still a great follow up for that game and was the game that got me hooked in the series (although I did played the first on on the old nes back in the day) and is on of the best RPGs ever made anyone into rpgs both western and Japanese ones will be happy with this game as long as there willing to sit threw the outdated graphics, they will find a very fun and likable game with great characters (although this is somewhat where final fantasy started going to stereotypical anime people) and a great story.
In my opinion, this is the greatest Playstation game ever released. The storyline is intense, and profusely in-depth and really grasps you into the storyline, which revolves around many characters instead of one. The music is beautiful and many times envokes emotions during parts of the game, this game , in my opinion, has the greatest musical score. I have noticed people complain about this games graphics, well if you have a problem with graphics in an RPG...then I have to say, your intellectual level is very low. First of all, this game's graphics are fine,even compared to the graphics of more recent video game titles...and the game does Not revolve around its graphics.There are many other factors that seperate this game from other RPGs. This game also has the best story in a video game title to date, and there are situations that occur during the game that add to the story perfectly. If you want a solid, and deep RPG, this is for you.
It's been called everything from the greatest game of all time to the undeniable peak of an already legendary series. It's a big part of the reason Sony overtook Nintendo and ultimately won the 64-bit chapter of the console wars. And, truth be told, it's single handedly responsible for reviving a passion for video games that had lain dormant within me for years. So, cutting to the chase, is it worth the hype, does it really measure up to those previously mentioned, simplistic, cherished classics of the 8-bit era, can it really be as good as it's been portrayed? Well, yes and no. Final Fantasy VII is not the best game I've ever played, period. What it is... well, it's easily in the top five.The story basically throws players into the fast lane right off the bat. The opening video montage leads directly into a late-night raid on the planet's largest governing body, the Shinra, a raid in which the player is actively a part. As events unfold, the point becomes clear; you're a mercenary, aiding a terrorist organization in their efforts to destroy a significant portion of the city to make a point that the Shinra cannot ignore. Five minutes into the game and already it's covered more mature material than the previous six combined. Make no mistake, Final Fantasy VII is not a game you'll want to hand your six year old to help him pass some time in front of the TV. Not only does it cover some rough psychological terrain (mortality, semitism, terrorism and political espionage are discussed, in depth, and confronted... just to name a few) but the characters and dialog themselves aren't nearly as squeaky clean as they were in previous installments.With that said, the in-game visuals of FF7 are very much lacking, especially in comparison to later titles. This was obviously a very early release for the rugged PSone. Edges were extremely jaggedy, especially so when not in a battle, live renderings of the characters left a lot to be desired and even the cutscenes themselves were compressed poorly, leaving huge artifacts all over the glorious video renderings. In sharp contrast, though, the animation and design of the hundreds of different enemies, players, items and boss characters is amazing, and the variety of static, immovable backgrounds are superbly concepted, executed and presented.To a much lesser degree than the visuals, the musical score is undermined by the medium in which it's been presented. This is a soundtrack that would have shaken the earth if it were performed by a master orchestra. Unfortunately, the difference between a symphonic performance of these classic songs and the spotty, digitized portrayal that shipped with FF7 is as large as the difference between the sketches of the characters themselves and their eventual presentation on-screen. Sure, you'll recognize them without a second glance... but they've been crammed into a format that really can't do them any justice.As has been the case with each new chapter in the Final Fantasy legacy, one new tweak has been thrown into the mix, in this case going under the name &quot;materia.&quot; As the game progresses, you'll find these colorful blocks of concentrated energy (be it on the body of a defeated enemy, alone in a cave somewhere or for sale in a shop) that grant the holder magical abilities. They're the only way to upgrade your characters' abilities, and are completely interchangeable between the members of your party. By equipping a block of materia and then defeating enemies, the magic &quot;levels up&quot; and gains new abilities while simultaneously strengthening its previous benefits. Each weapon and bit of armor you find throughout the game has a slot for the employment of materia, which effectively limits the number of them you can use at any one time. You'll eventually need to make some tough choices over which materia to develop and which to ignore.A lot of players have voiced a strong dislike for the materia system, claiming it kills the variety of your characters. The common consensus says that by giving the player the ability to assign any skill or spell to any character, Square has basically given you a bunch of clones with which to do battle. I'd have to disagree. If you really want to nitpick and pay attention to the specifics of each character's stats like that, you'll notice that each character has a different affinity to the various materia commands in the world. Sure, you can give anybody in your party the ability to cast &quot;fire,&quot; but it's going to cause more damage if you give it to someone with an inherently high magic ability. Square's kept the variety in this cast, they've simply given you the ability to ignore each character's strengths and sculpt an army on your own accord.The theory behind Final Fantasy VII is outstanding, yet simple: create a game with an untouchable story, tremendous characters, amazing design, mouth watering special effects and great musical accompaniment. It was the right game with the right pop culture appeal at the right moment. It accomplished every single one of its goals, and it's going to win &quot;best video game ever&quot; polls from now until the end of time because of it. What it won't win, though, is a perfect ten from yours truly. While I'd be more than happy to go so far as to say the story contained herein is the best of all the Final Fantasy games, I can't say the same for most of the other aspects of the game. The visuals and audibles are hampered by the PSone's own internal limitations, the characters are topped by those of FF8, and the mini games make me shake my head more than they entertain me. This is very, VERY close to perfection, but I've admittedly played a few titles that are better
This is my second time playing Final Fantasy VII, and I forgot how perfect it was.  Everything about this story had such a nostalgic feeling to it.  I am really glad I got to replay this game, and I hope all gamers give this game a chance.Pros1.  The story and the soundtrack are awesome.  I really enjoyed the soundtrack this time more then last time because I guess I am older and I feel what the music is expressing with the characters, and the mood of the situation as well.2.  The boss fights are fair in this game, but I forgot how hard chocobo breeding is lol.  I also forgot how hard the ruby and emerald weapon were in this game.3.  I actually like Aeris the most in this game.  I loved her goofy and flirty personality in this game.  She became my favorite character in this game, and then I would say Nanki was my second favorite lol.Cons1.  The graphics are dated, but a good story comes before great graphics.  Final Fantasy XIII is prime example of great graphics and a terrible story.  A great story is more important.Overall this is great game to pick up again just to see your favorite FF characters :).  Anybody new to the series I recommend playing this one first or FF 12.Game On.
I have played Final Fantasy 9, and although I liked the game overall--I also gave it 5 stars--I like Final Fantasy 7 much, much better. From the moment you pop the first CD in, you are nothing but impressed. I wish all games started out the way this one does--with a BANG! You are Cloud, a selfish newcomer to a resistance group known as AVALANCHE. You don't care about the planet. No way. As soon as this job is done, you want to get your cut and split. The dialogue is truly something else. And the storyline, WOW! The whole idea of a city on a &quot;plate&quot; was really original and appealing. Great movie-sequences. I could go on and on praising this game. Even after playing Final Fantasy 9 I can't help but go back and play this great game. Yeah, it is more science fiction than fantasy, but it is science fiction done RIGHT. Although the game is only three CD's long, the game lasts anywhere from 40 to 80 hours. In the first CD, you spend 6 hours in the huge city of Midgar alone. Then you go on for another 10 hours or so, before going to disc 2. This game has great music, especially the ending boss music. That song is called &quot;One-Winged Angel&quot;. By the way, Sephiroth is pronounced, &quot;Sea-fee-roth&quot;. At least that's how they pronounce it in the song. Speaking of Sephiroth, he's really cool. Definitely the best villian I've ever seen. Overall, this is either the first or second best RPG I've ever played. First place might go to Final Fantasy 6. Sure, the graphics are way outdated on that game, but the storyline more than made up for it. Anyway, buy Final Fantasy 7 RIGHT NOW.
The world of Final Fantasy VII is waiting to be explored; only question is, are you ready for it?You play as Cloud, the serious male protagonist, who cannot remember much about his past (due to the injection of Jenova cells.. and the fact that he's a would-be Sephiroth clone). Cloud's adventures take him to many wonderful sites; you have the Gold Saucer, his home-town with beautiful but creep mountains, and even the Temple of the Ancients.Players will be kept hooked until the finale as Meteor crashes down upon earth. The only real turn-off to those who haven't played it yet is the graphics, but think of this; Final Fantasy VII was made in 1997, so the beauty of VIII and IX were but a dream.Play it if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed.
Although this game is frequently criticized for featuring "angsty characters" and a large number of anime and video game cliches, critics of this game's plot should consider that fan perception of the originality of this game has been lessened considerably by the future inclusion of similar character and plot dynamics in the final fantasy series, particularly in FFVIII and FFX. This video game features truly incredible storytelling, and this game should be called cinematic not just because of the inclusion of FMV, but because of the large number of visual metaphors expressed in the game's visual direction. Consider the parallel between the stars in the game's opening and the sparks Aerith watches shooting out of the open electrical panel, or the fact that Midgar's poor literally live underneath its rich. The low-polygon-count 3-D presentation of this game gives it a visual style which emphasizes the geometric nature of objects, and the producers of the game have changed a technical limitation into a stylistic enhancement. The game's usage of light and dark, squalor and cleanliness, gloom and beauty, give it a literary theme of naturalism, by representing the products of human technology as ugly. The sweeping "theme of Final Fantasy VII", which compliments the wide-open world map prior to the summoning of Meteor, is first hinted at in "Holding my Thoughts in My Heart," which plays at the precipice of the dystopian technopolis of Midgar. The game's various themes communicate the producers' vision of which environments represent hell, and which represent heaven. Even the ironic real-life double-meaning of "finding the promised land" is parallelled in the game by Shinra's misinterpretation of the religion of Aerith's race. The game spends a lot of time exploring the identities of the characters of Cloud, Aerith, Tifa and Sephiroth through dreams, memories, and hallucinations, and rather than including definitive, conclusive scenes in which the whole truth of the characters are revealed, the game challenges you, much like a David Lynch film, to discover the reality of various events by logically reconciling the various perspectives from which they are viewed. This is "angsty storytelling" at its most beautiful, as it challenges the players to make an effort to understand the characters, much in the same ways that the game designers would probably like to see more interpersonal understanding within humanity.This game improved upon the limit breaks of FF6, which could only be used by deliberately keeping the characters at dangerously low HP levels, by adding the limit bar, and the barrier and mbarrier bars also made combat more interesting, leading many players to wonder why they were subsequently removed from the series. Some minor design flaws in this game include the three-character limit in battle, which reduces the player's ability to diversify the roles of the heroes, and leads the player, on a logical level, to wonder why the other heroes are unable to participate. Also, the overavailability of gil makes purchasing weapons and items too easy, and minimalizes the usefulness of alternate methods for party growth, such as stealing weapons and items.If the battles as a whole seem too easy in this game, it is because the game was designed with the intention of challenging the player to experience it, rather than challenging the player to get through it. The game is filled with a variety of fun methods for winning battles, from high-powered summons to enemy skills, and some otherwise difficult boss battles become unloseable after equipping a specific accessory. Part of the coolness of this game is the fact that it was the first major RPG to allow the players to develop extremely poweful heroes, by combining abilities such as auto-resurrection, auto-haste, multiple counter attacks, mp absorbtion, and much more. In other words, the lack of challenge is largely deliberate, and designed to give the players freedom to choose which resources to throw at a particular battle, rather than forcing the players to throw everything they have at most battles in order to have a chance for victory. The inessential-but-fun nature of the sidegames, such as snowboarding and chocobo-breeding, mirrors the inessential-but-fun nature of the majority of the special abilities in this game which may be used during battle.FF VII must also be commended for the distinctively unique visual design of every dungeon and section of the map. Walking on the snowy north continent of the overworld, leaving footprints in the snow, feels completely different than walking in the shadow of Midgar, and getting lost in previously-unexplored environments, such as the chaotically-mapped Great Glacier, is more of a pleasure than an annoyance. Experimenting with different characters and weapons is fun in this game, and this is complimented by visual touches which were unique to this game at the time of its release, such as showing a different weapon in the battle character model's hand, depending on what is equipped.I played FFI, FFIV, and FFVI before this game, and on my first playthrough of FFVII, I mourned the absence of some elements included in FFVI, such as multi-party battles, and FFVI's non-linear second act, but in time, I came to realize that in terms of characterization and presentation, FFVII is the quintessential Final Fantasy game.
Seriously, it's 2008, why am I reviewing this game so long after it came out? Well, because I want to.  So there.  Anyway, this game is marvelous; I still replay it every once in awhile, and it never gets old for me.  You'd think I'd get sick of it after awhile, but I notice and appreciate something new each time I play it.  I personally think this game has aged pretty well, and I'll continue to play it until my discs break in half.  Warning: This review can be considered to contain SPOILERS!(Well, mostly just in the "story" section).Graphics (10/10): Well, by today's standards, the graphics aren't so good.  However, for their time, they deserved a 10 out of 10.  There's something about seeing a character in 3-D (albeit rather blocky 3-D) that helps you identify more easily with the characters, and even though we now have such advanced graphics with current gen systems, I still find FF7 completely playable and not too hard on the eyes.Music (10/10):  What can I say?  The music in this game is both evocative and distinctive.  The music fits the scenes and conveys mood very well.  This is especially true of the overworld music-I feel like the world really is in dire straights whenever I hear it.  And let me tell you, the first time I heard One-Winged Angel, it put the fear in me (consequently, I died and had to try again - ha ha!).  Anyway, I loved this game's music so much I had to buy the soundtrack!Characters (10/10): Wow.  Characters are excellently portrayed; they all have personalities and some kind of backstory.  Even Yuffie.  I mean, after playing a certain recent FF (12, cough), I've really come to appreciate the fact that no character in FF7 is just tacked on to the party (cough, FF12's Penelo, cough).  Every single character has a backstory that's relevant or ties into the main story in some way.Story (10/10): Wow.  That's all I can say.  FF7 has an amazing intricate network of subplots and character histories on top of the main story.  I love the complexity of it.  However, the one drawback to this complex story is that it requires multiple playthroughs and some thought before you catch everything.  To me though, this makes the game better, not worse.  Also, the pacing of the story is excellent.  I never felt bored or compelled to continue "just to reach the end".Plus, I love the fact that your main character, Cloud, has a flawed memory (spoiler, I know, but who doesn't know the story of FF7 by now?).  Because you see the events of the game through his eyes, you never quite know what actually happened, and  what is the product of his confusion. I believe that having a less than 100% reliable narrator makes for a much more interesting story for the player because it keeps you guessing.  Loads of RPGs feature narrators/main characters with some sort of amnesia, but this is one of the few games I've seen that that actually puts a large focus on "unreliable narration". Some people have complained that FF7's story is confusing and poorly told, but I strongly disagree.  Stories in literature that feature "unreliable narration" (Edgar Allen Poe used this alot; he doesn't catch any flak for it!) are completely legitimate ways of telling a story.  In the case of Final Fantasy 7, it serves to let the player know (in a dynamic and creative way) that Cloud is possibly psychologically unstable. If you pay attention to the game (you might need multiple playthroughs to catch it), you can figure out what's really going on.  This is in direct contrast to a game that just has a crap story and doesn't make any sense because of poor writing (for an example of this sort of game, see my Grandia III review).Battle System (10/10): Once again, I have no complaints here.  I absolutely love menu-driven combat (I know you all are going to laugh at me, but I can't be the only one who likes turn-based stuff).  I love the materia system-it allows for some good customization, which I enjoyed.  In many ways, the materia system is awesome because it allows you to use any character to do anything, which means that no one character is so worthless that you just never use them (with the possible exception of Aeris, since her attack is so low).Gameplay (10/10): This is my catch-all category. The game is just chock full of extras and side-quests.  Plenty to explore and accomplish.  The side-quests are a good balance of combat related things (like destroying the Weapon monsters) and more relaxing non-combat things (like racing and breeding chocobos).  The controls are easy to use and are rather intuitive.  I really have no complaints.Overall (10/10): NOTE this score is not an average, it's my subjective overall score. Personally, I cannot recommend this game enough.  I realize that it looks rather dated by today's standards, but it's what's inside that counts, right?  The core of this game is still gold.  FF7 is like a fine piece of literature-it may be old but it's still a classic.
There is very little about this game that can't be enjoyed.  Because of that simple statement and resident fact, the game has become an absolute joy and cultural icon in the gaming world.  If you've gamed, you've heard about FFVII, if you've played Final Fantasies before, you've most likely been inundated with information about this FF.  Ten to one, you've probably played it.  Over and over and over again.  And for good reason.If you're a stickler for graphics, this is not your game.  True, there are patches for the computer version that makes the graphics of the characters a bit more bearable, but half the charm is the ludicrously sharp angles and style that was just pulling out of 16-bit gaming.  The cut scenes, for its time, were remarkable and had blown our young minds away all those years ago.  Now, however, it pales in comparison to what is being put out on next gen software.  Still, if you can look past the blocky animation the game will still blow your mind.It's a game that you actually, go figure, have to WORK at.  The easiest route is not always the most accessible and you'll spend a lot of time bashing poor Cloud, the main character, into walls trying to find the damn door.  On top of that, you have to battle beasts that aren't going to level up or down with you to present a challenge.  They are what they are and if you can't beat them you better be ready to run around the world a couple hundred times leveling yourself and your characters.  But, the upside to that is the convenience of crap to do!  There's a whole world of mini games and side quests that take up a majority of your time and energy.  The main story is captivating and you wish to see it to its conclusion, but at the same time Gold Saucer and Chocobo Breeding might very well make you into an addict.  This makes the game, in the later hours, a bit easy to beat since you might very well grab every summon and every materia known to the Planet, which will make your characters into walking, talking nuclear bombs without the fallout.The characters are all very rounded and all have a depth of story to them that is very typical of Final Fantasy, but they are not loosely connected by coincidence, but rather a drive to see the world saved.  Their reasons are all unique to them and it makes the story as believable as any since we all know what it's like to be part of a group that stands for something, even if it's something small.  The antagonist is just as round.  Sephiroth is as complicated as the rest and will present quite a challenge to you as you progress through the game.There were many breakthroughs with this game that helped to pave the road for future FFs and separate future RPGs, but it makes it no less fun to play because it's so called "old" or "outdated".  A definite gem, worth the time and effort, and all kinds of fun.
very expensive, but this game is worth it. for anyone looking to buy it know that the ps3 has it as an available download for like 10 bucks. ya its no on a cd like you remeber, but hey it saves you some cash. this game is great its a must have game for any true rpg gammer.
This game was truely ground breaking for its time.  I can't think of a single RPG for a game console that had so much depth with character development, story and optional side quests as this.  The graphics and sound were phenominal in their day.  Any RPG or FF fan should give this game a shot!Recommended party:  Cloud, Cid and Barret; you'll be laughing like crazy!
No RPG has come close to having the kind of stories and atmosphere that the Final Fantasy series has.  But no Final Fantasy game has come close to the timeless masterpiece of Final Fantasy VII.  The characters are superb!  I will never forget Cloud, Aeris, Tifa, Barrett, Cid (Highwind) and the others.  The story is incredible and the music is classic!  Sure, the sound and graphics don't measure up to PS2, Xbox or Gamecube.  But this game is above all that.  Video games have never left as deep an impression on me like this one has.  This is THE defining title in the Final Fantasy series.
I don't even know where to begin.  This is the game that made me want a PlayStation in the first place.  The story....jeez, it's better than most books.  It has so much, so many twists, and lots of unexpected surprises, that once you finish this great game, you'll feel proud of yourself, and you'll go to everyone and say &quot;I JUST BEAT FINAL FANTASY 7! YES!&quot;  It's that good. The FMV is excellent, I wouldn't expect anything else for Sqaresoft, and the music fits the mood.  The in-game graphics could use some work.  They have blocks for hands and have no mouths, but it's the graphics are not THAT important.  With battle, don't expect this to be a shooter or anything, the battle system is called Turned based.  That means that each character has a meeter, and when it fills up, they can attack, cast magic, summon a monster, or whatever.  One annoying thing about battles, is that when you walk around, there are too many random battles.  One fun thing to do is equiping weapons, armor, and materia.  Materia is the magic get to use.  It's also the summons.  The game world is HUGE.  It is.  And there is so much to do, that the list is nameless, and it's just like a real world.  There is also a place where you can breed chocobos, they are giant birds.  Doing this takes a long time, but it's very rewarding.  THat's just one of the things you can do.  Trust me, GET THIS GAME!
This is the "must-have" of the series. Skip VIII, get IX and X, and throw yourself into the mists of time to rekindle that old flame called Final Fantasy VII. This game brought the non-hardcore gamers and hardcore gamers together. (much like Star Trek IV did with non trekkies, trekkers...) The CG effects left a mark on the people who played it and introduced Final Fantasy to the mainstream. I never played any FF before this and wasn't the least bit interested, but, I tried it...the rest is history. The Statue of Mario was replaced in '97. One last thing, don't let the release year fool you...VII stands as outstanding graphically as it did then and weaves a tale that will still amaze...
I heard people say this game sucks because they say the story is stupid, but they don't understand how good of a game this was in its time, it was a masterpiece and if you can find a place to buy it from DO NOT resell it this game will be hard to find in the future so its only good to buy it and keep it as a collectors item !
At a first glance, Final Fantasy VII appears to have boxy graphics, lack of special effects, and perhaps even a dull story-line with the stoic hero, Cloud Strife.  However, this game offers so much more than what a quick glance can give.  The characters' graphics may not be fully detailed, but their personalities and body language make up for all of that.  Each character was thoughtfully created with unique story, background,and demeanor.  Unlike many of the Final Fantasy games, one does not get to know the villan as well as the mighty Sephiroth on Final Fantasy VII.  I hated him, yet felt sorry for him at the same time. To make it an even more intriguing game along side of the story-line and character development, the battle system was well constructed.  The Materia system allowed the player to equip Materia, (magic) to their weapons.  (Certain weapons had more Materia slots than others)  When some Materia is linked together such as -All- and -Lighting- it can create an overall attack on all the enemies versus just one. Though some may debate that the graphics sucked, one has to understand that this game came out in 1997.  Graphics six years ago were bound to be worse than what they are now.Pros: Characters that were deeply thought out and well woven into the plotA fun and addicting battle systemSeveral mini-games and great incentives for winningChocobo breeding and racingCons: Graphics may bother those that are use to newer gamesOverall, this game has so much to offer.  I am always tempted to replay it because of things I missed, such as getting Cloud's final limit break Omnislash or beating Ruby and Emerald Weapon.  Just twenty minutes into the game, I was hooked.  It was the first RPG I had ever played and ever since I loved the genre.Final Fantasy VII is worth all the Five Stars I give, because I believe it set the standard to the RPGs to follow.
If I don't play this game for a period of time, I go through withdrawl and I'm not kidding. This game features so many epic events and cinematic sequences. You start the game out wondering what it's about, then you come attatched to it and you can't quit. Soon you are one with the game and you understand every little detail and you feel you are Cloud Strife, the main character. From the Assault On Reactor No. 1 to The Northern Cave to save the world from Sephiroth, this is beautifully thought out and planned. I believe there is not a better game out there. This is the game that made me an official RPG player. I didn't even know what an RPG was before this! My first time playing this was on a japanese demo now out of print and very rare...it came with the Tobal No. 1 double package. This demo had Final Fantasy 7 demo, Final Fantasy Tactics (cinematic), and Bushido Blade (cinematic). I heard about this game, and good things about it, so I decided to try it out. I played it, and it was very different from the regular game, for instance you start out with Aerith, Cloud, and Barret and magics (Bolt, Bolt2; Ice, Ice2; Demi, Demi2; Fire, Fire2, and Leviathan Summon). It was the Assault On Reactor No. 1, then it ended.  I soon became addicted and I played this demo every other day, and played it more than Tobal by far. I became very intrested in this game and everyday I played the Reactor level. I found more and more things, and I didnt have enough money to buy it, so I had to wait a whole year, and finally bought the 3 disc epic for playstation. Now I play it at least every two weeks, and I have beaten the game 3 times, and find a new secret and learn something new every time. This game is absolutely amazing. With a five-star rating, and not a four-star rating in sight, you know this HAS to be a good game, and it doesn't lie. I love this game to death and it will soon be out of print, so pick your copy up today before it does.
After playing all the US released predecessors to this title, I saw the commercials and got actually mixed feelings, feeling it would be hard core, but not as epic.  Boy, was I WRONG!The gameplay matches that of Final Fantasy VI (FFIII in the US), but the controller for the playstation adds a new stability element to control.  The battle system is very simple any [person] can win random battles with the clean interface.  Also, the Materia System (magic system) is very user freindly and gives the character's powers that you can almost feel you now posess yourself.To add to this interactive realism is the greatest graphics before Resident Evil 2.  The pre-rendered backgrounds are more artistic than most entire games are, the battles are cool with cool monsters and amazing spell effects, and the Cinematics, ..., well, just WOW!To continue this interacive movie/addition to life itself is yet another great soundtrack composed by gamemusic god Nobuo Uematsu (bigger than any other composer name).  The music arranges from mysical to energetic, from simple to epic, and from peaceful to apacalyptic.  &quot;Aeris&quot;, &quot;Cid&quot;, &quot;The World&quot;, &quot;Jenova&quot; and &quot;The One Winged Angel&quot; (the last battle theme) are the best tracks in the game, and some of the finest tracks ever devised.To complete this circle, Squaresoft gave this game a storyline of true epic preportions.  While I did tear several times in earlier Final Fantasy titles, I never really CRIED, but when the big plot twist at the end of CD 1 occurs, I still ball my eyes out.  Never before has emotion and narrative been combined so well into one epic.  When done with the game (and watching the stunning ending that's beyond description), I felt like I just finished a novel, one in which was beyond the puny use of words could elaborate.  I was in awe, and I think anyone who pays attention to this game would be too.
Let me get this out of the way: I came late to Final Fantasy VII. I played Final Fantasy Adventure on the original Game Boy as a kid, and now that I've grown up into a gamer I figured I'd better go back and play some of the "classics," and FF-VII was near the top of every list I could think of. So this review will be free of nostalgia, since I didn't ever play the game before two months ago.If you're reading this I assume you know the basics (this is an RPG, the first 3D Final Fantasy, et cetera). I'm also going to take for granted that you realize that is game is over a decade old, and as such it's a liitle unfair to compare it to today's games (though it has aged remarkably well).This is an original Playstation title, so it will play on your PS3 (where it's also available as a download from the PSN) and your PS2. You will only be able to save it on the PS2 if you have a PS1 memory card. I don't own a PS3, so I can't vouch for its saving capability.You're tossed into the action from the moment you start the game (this becomes a plot device later, actually). That made me wonder about if the game would be lacking in any kind of non-character-model cutscenes, but I was soon proven wrong: the cutscenes are beautiful, even by today's standards.The combat system uses what's called the Active Time Battle (ATB) system, a decent blend of turn-based and real-time. Each character has a time bar, and when it fills you input a command. Commands are executed one at a time, in the order they were chosen. Bars fill up during selection and sometimes during the execution (depending on the action), giving an element of real-time. I had a gripe with this system as the game went on, as trying to locate one of the hundred or so items on my list was getting my characters hurt, but the feature can be turned off without penalty in the menu.The story is pleasingly deep, both in the main storyline as well as individual storylines for each character. The list of items and equipment is extensive. There is also an extremely high replay value for a single-player game, as the world is so vast, the items so plentiful, and the rewards for sidequesting high, including Yuffie and Vincent (two party characters) and a wealth of exclusive items, usually materia (used to cast magic, add a buff, or add extra abilities) or Limit items, which give characters a sort of ultra attack.Though few and minor, the game does have its flaws. Perhaps the most glaring is the lack of save points (you only get one) in the final level, which is pretty bad considering how devastating a lot of the enemies are. The game usually is portrayed as 3D character running around on what appears to be a 2D matte painting; it looks beautiful, but occasionally is hard to figure out what's a path or exit and what isn't.All told, though, the gripes are far outweighed by the quality of the game. Yes, this game is a classic for a reason. If you have ever played an RPG and liked it, give FF-VII a try. I did, and now I'm a believer.
Yes I said ONE of the best games ever made ...but not THE best. This game falls right behind... XENOGEARS. You probably havent played it since its very hard to get. But it's definently, in my opinnion the best game ever ...and if u have the chance then get it!!Anyways, FF7 has great graphics but the character models are totally ugly. The backrounds are very nice though, and so are the FMV'sThe gameplay is fun and addicting except ...THE BATTLE SYSTEM. Why is it that every Final Fantasy game has had a completely boring battle system. Why can't they make them like Xenogears??? Xenogears had a very very great and fun battle system. With battles like this in FF7, you'll always be wishing not to run into a enemy.The sound is perfectThe controls are easyThis game is great, period. And if you havent bought it yet then you are insane.Besides Xenogears, no game comes close to this
This game is EXCELLENT!  Even more so for beginners or people who've never played a Final Fantasy game before!  The battle system is pretty easy and the equipment and command systems aren't hard to get either.  The storyline is deep and memorable too, which is DEFINITELY a plus!  You definitely won't regret picking this game up!
The game starts when you are Cloud a Shinra inc soldier and you quit and join a team of mercenaries called avalanche. They want to destroy all of shinra and make midgar a free town. You will fight in over 1000 battles with monsters and Hard bosses. You will have a long journey to finally reach your goal... To KILL Seperoth for all people. He was a friend of yours until he went crazy and started killing. His artificial mother or not real mother Jenova is someone you must kill. She is deadly and youll find out how to kill her later in the game. Seprioth is the enemy, you wont find that out until later in the game. I dont want to spoil the game but.. its the best game ever made.!
Final Fantasy VII was the first release for the Playstation, and the advance in graphics and gameplay brought new popularity to this great series.You play as Cloud, a member of a team of environmental bandits. This rebel group is trying to stop Shinra, an evil corporation, from stealing all of the planet's energy, "Mako".The leap in graphics between Final Fantasy VI and this one is pretty amazing. Where FF6 was a 2D game with 16 bit graphics, this one was fully rendered 3D graphics. You move your polygonal character through a richly painted "mural" of a world. The sound quality is also much better.Along the way, Cloud is joined by Barret, who looks and talks like Mr. T from the A Team. Tifa Lockheart and Aeris Gainsborough also join him - both are characters that are found on the FF/Disney blend Kingdom Hearts.Of course there is a Wedge and Biggs, named after the Star Wars characters. In fact, one of Biggs' early lines is almost straight from the movie. There's a Cid too - he's an airship pilot. This is the Cid they used in Kingdom Hearts.Finally you reach and meet Sepiroth, and his many forms. The game is very rewarding to play, even though its graphics have been surpassed by later versions of Final Fantasy.
title says it all. the final fantasy games that followed this one just weren't anywhere near as good. everything about this game is pure gold.
Recently threw this into the PS2 and revisited what I consider to be not only the best RPG but the best game of all times... Aeris. All I gotta say. :D
Final Fantasy VII in my opinion is the best RPG game ever created and it definately blows away the others that have followed. The graphics are not as good as the ones that followed but one has to think of when this game came out. The story was supurb, music was great and there's not too many villians like Sephiroth. It took me many, many hours to beat this and many days at work struggling to stay awake from staying up all night playing. Not too many games have kept my interest like this one did, my life wouldn't have been complete if I didn't beat this game. Most that like this type of games know what I'm talking about but to those who haven't played this should check it out. This is definately the break through game that changed RPG games forever.
Its been a decade since this game has been released & all i can say is 'wow'. This game gets soo much praise (and well blasphemy too) & even has been hailed as 'Quite Possibly The Greatest Game Ever Made', however that's not possible, only to those who think this is the greatest game ever made. But i urge people to try this game out, despite the outdated graphics & no voice overs.You start off as a mercenary, an Ex-Soldier named Cloud who is working with a group named 'Avalanche', a team of members who infiltrates Shin-Ra's biggest Mako city, Midgar. Mako is destroying the planet & Avalanche (known as hippies or treehuggers) is trying to stop that from happening. What Cloud doesn't realize is he's closer to Shin-Ra then he thinks. And a mysterious man known as Sephiroth suddenly attacks Midgar after a tragic event that took place in..Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VIICloud must search for this man as he deals with Shin-Ra & the Turks. All while he tries not to lose his sanity.Ok in my opinion the best way to un-cover this story is to play the first half of Crisis Core (until you reach Nibelheim) then start playing FFVII (this game) until after you get past the part where you find out about Zack.  Then go back to Crisis Core, beat that then finish FFVII.  It doesn't really matter what game you play first & vise versa but if you play this game all the way through it pretty much spoils the ending for Crisis Core.  Although i still think it was exciting to see the ending in higher graphic quality i just knew what was going to happen.Anyways on with the review..Story 10/10:The story for this game is superb, although it lacks a few minor details that not even Crisis Core reveals it still has one of my favorite story-lines in the entire history of videogames or movies. I do recommend you play this game before Crisis Core (before Nibelheim) just because Crisis Core reveals what really happens to Cloud & then this game won't really keep you interested. Besides that though i really think this game is still considered one of the best!Graphics 6/10:The graphics for this game was superb when it first came out. No one still really cared too much about them yet & Square really showed them off for this game (this game was originally in production for the N64) except for the fact that you have blocks as hands! I believe the main game for the N64 wasn't completely scrapped as they were trying to make this for that system but then realized the potential of having CG clips for the PlayStation they went with that system instead. So for those wondering why the graphics look so cartoony in this one, im pretty sure thats your answer. The CG movies still look amazing for the ps1, granted that Square got better at it with FFVIII. Either way, Square is trying to get the original team from this game to pull off a grand remake (to make this game look REALLY NICE) which is still in question, however they have other games they're working on nowGameplay 7/10:Well, lets just say that its not hard but its not easy, of course the actual battles are fairly simple if you know what your doing. And leveling up your characters & materia are the only main factors you have to worry about in progressing in the game.  The problem with moving your character around is that your fumbling around with the directional sometimes because its not quite calibrated right. Or its just the camera view, however its annoying at times.Music/Sound (10/10):I enjoyed the music from this game, i still think it's one of the best ones Square did. Everything from the Bombing mission to Cid's theme this game has it done perfectly! Another good reason why Square wanted this game on the PlayStation, crystal clear stereo sound!Concept 6/10:While it took me several times to go through the game (and beat it) which for some people who don't understand the story will have to play it through a few times. The thing that people get most confused on is the materia setup.  While it was easy for me to grasp some people were like 'huh!?!?' It's like trying to teach a cat how to drive.  I thought this concept was easier then some of the FF games that came out after this one.  But yet again, easy for some, hard for others.Replay Value 10/10:Personally i think this game should have had a new game+ function (where you can go through the game again with stats, materia, items ect.  But maybe if Square gets a remake going they'll throw that function in. Only because i never get tired of this game & its one game that does deserve a remake.Overall, i did give this a full 5 star rating only because i still think this game is the best, despite its problems. And for those who haven't yet check out Crisis Core as well, great prequel to this game.
this is the 2nd bess Final Fantasy in the entire series.  Only Final Fantasy 3 (US) beats this.  the story is absolutely the best in the series next to FF3.  it is sad and exciting.  this is definately a hall-of-famer in the game world :)
best characters and storyline iv ever played....plot twists..great character development..this game does everything right.. Cloud:the main character is a bad ass, manley man..despite the fatc it probaly takes him 3 hours in the morning to do his hair..but hes cool none the less..barret: a black guy who is also manley and has a really bad temper...tifa:huge boobies, wears short shorts and is probaly really pretty if the graphics were better..oh and shes nice and obviously wants to get into clouds pants...aeris: a good girl who probaly shouldnt stand under balconys or anything somebody can jump on top of her... cid: foulmouth badass...this game has a lot of bad asses...red XIII: plays the role of the wise old man...though hes not a man and techinically in his years hes onky a teenagerGET THIS GAME...ull love it...if u like rpgs ull love this game and follow it like a religion
Is Final Fantasy 7 really the best one out of them all. To me Yes... To the fans... YES.... According to Square-Enix.... Double YES. This is the companies most cherished and prized game. So much so that they are too afraid to disturb it in any way and have said so openly. But a remake is not lost, remember the 2006 PS3 Tech Demo? Gamers we have a voice, if we want this to happen we need to be heard any way possible. Look at how fast Microsoft removed their xBox One digital downloads only scheme when we united. Keep at telling Square-Enix to remake this game any way possible. The day will come. Then we'll just need to bug Sony about Legend Of Dragoon next.Anywho, one of my favorite games. Unless Final Fantasy 15 ends up being better............... It's a long shot though. Graphics can only take a game so far.
I remember all the hype surrounding Final Fantasy VII when it was set to be released.  GamePro had allready said it may be the greatest game ever made, and that itself is quite a title.  I never really liked RPG's, I'm more of an action gamer, but with all the hype surrounding this game, I figured what the [heck] and rented it a few days after it came out.  I was dumbfounded the first time I played it, I was speachless.  At the time I had never seen graphics like that, and the storyline was so engrossing that I felt a wave of depression actually set over me when I had to take it back.  As pathetic as that sounds, the day I returned it to the video store, I went out and bought Final Fantasy VII and kept playing for days.  Eventually I beat it, then a buddy of mine showed me his strategy guide and I realized I missed a lot of side stuff and extras, so I played through again using the guide, and the experience was even better.  If you have never played any Final Fantasy game before this one is worth picking up, even if you don't like RPG's you'll dig this, though I suggest picking up the BradyGames strategy guide to make the game even sweeter.  Truly one of the greatest games ever made.
Back when this game came out, I received a video tape of the game in the mail, I watched it several times, that was the day I decided that the  Playstation was a good system, I ended up buying the game first, then  getting the system for my birthday 2 weeks later. This game is the best  Playstation game ever made, not to mention the best RPG. I have played  through it twice, the first time by myself, and the second time with the  Official guide book, it was amazing both time through, I spen 76 hours the  first time, and 90 hours the second. The second time took longer because I  got my characters levels up really high like 99.
Even though the Final Fantasy series was already incredibly popular in Japan, before this game was released in the United States RPGs were not quite as well known as other kinds of games.  Final Fantasy 7, the first Final Fantasy on the Playstation and to use 3D graphics, changed everything about the console RPG genre.  Even though people will have differing opinions about the enjoyability of this game, no serious gamer would deny the tremendous influence Final Fantasy 7 has had on videogaming.By today's standards, the graphics in this game are quite primitive, but at the time they were absolutely amazing.  The 2D backgrounds are still great to look at today, as well.  The music in this game is also great, despite the rather limited selection of sounds Nobou Uematsu had at his disposal.  Of particular note is the song that plays during the final boss encounter, "One Winged Angel", which is still beloved by Final Fantasy fans today.Despite the move from 2D to 3D, the gameplay in Final Fantasy 7 is  similar to the previous six Final Fantasy games.  As you control your character on an overworld map, you encounter random mobs which you fight in an "active time battle" system.  The magic system, based on "materia", is new and just complicated enough to provide some strategic depth without overwhelming new players.  Playing through the main story is not particularly challenging (some bosses may require a few tries), but there are extensive side quests available at the end of the game, some of which are very involved and difficult without a solid strategy.However, the main attraction of this game is the story.  Anyone who has played through the game will remember Cloud, his friends, and the enigmatic Sephiroth, who are still iconic figures in the game world.  (That Square-Enix still releases games and movies based on the FF7 world helps, no doubt.)  The plot is quite strange and frequently confusing, but in its essentials it worked for me.  The translation could have used some more polish, but is of good enough quality as to not distract from the rest of the game.If there are people studying the history of video games fifty years from now, there is little doubt that Final Fantasy 7 would be one of the games they would look at, since it is probably the most influential console RPG ever.  If you haven't played this game yet and have any interest in RPGs, at all, you should try to find a copy of this game and play it.  If only Square-Enix would re-make this game for the PS3!
...the artwork is bad...there...I've said it...This was the first FF to ever become 3D and for that it should be revolutionary alone but the best part is the storyline. The characters grow on you and there is a twist at the end (if I told you it wouldn't be a surprise) and all characters are individual even though some characters are barely used (does anyone put Cait Sith in their party?).The gameplay uses the ATB system and learning comes from the materia system which allows you to customise what characters can learn. And not to mention the puzzles from sneaking into the Dons mansion, to finding a way to defeat the Emerald weapon.This game will keep you entertained for years. BUY IT!!!
I've played Final Fantasy 7, 8, and 9 and I have to say 7 is the best. Every part of this game is perfect. Sure, the characters aren't highly detailed but for the time when this game was made they're perfect. You find yourself falling in love with these super deformed people. Especially Cloud who is the best main character in all of the Final Fantasy games. The story line is very involving. People wouldn't play this game for 60-80 hours if the story wasn't good. It's almost disappointing that they didn't base the Final Fantasy movie on this game but...if they did that you'd already know the ending. This game is a masterpiece. I wouldn't change one thing about this game. I love it!
I love this game. It is absolutely THE BEST vg i have ever played.Follow the life of Cloud Strife, an ex-soldier who joins AVALANCHE, a club who is full of crime fighting agents such as Tifa, Barret and Yuffie. One time on a dangerous mission, he meets Aeris, a flower girl from the slums.they THEN set out on an adventure to defeat Shinra!
Unquestionbly the best RPG ever, and a strong candidate for the best game ever, Square's Playstation-debut 'Final Fantasy 7' still stands the test of time today as one of their strongest titles in recent memory, and a sort of 'How-To' guide to getting computer games right.Released in 1997 on a tidal wave of publicity, rumours (remember the memory card debate??) and expectations, Final fantasy 7 took people's preconceptions of the genre and utterly redefined them. Gone were the traditional top-down viewpoints, the 1-dimensional characters, and the boring spell effects, and we watched in amazement at hitherto-unparalleled graphics and a completely revolutionary storyline showed us exactly how good a RPG could be. Winning legions of new fans over to the genre, FF 7 fully deserved it's blockbusting, best-selling status.FF 7 follows the story of Cloud Strife, a young mercenary-for-hire, and his attempts to stop his ex-colleague and nemesis Sephiroth from destroying the world. Along the way he meets some memorable characters, makes friends and discovers who he truly is.The strongest selling point of FF 7 at the time of it's release was the graphics, which today, understandably, have been surpassed several times over. However, some moments in the game still hold their own against the modern consoles, and for a seven year-old game, that's no small feat. What remains today is one of the best storylines ever, coupled with some of the smoothest game mechanics in videogaming history.The emotion behind the characters of Aeris, Cloud, Sephiroth etc., is something which games developers have only recently started to latch on to - for example, 'Silent Hill 2' and 'Fatal Frame' go deep into the psychology of emotion - but in a character and story-driven game like FF 7, the depth of attachment we form with the characters is simply amazing. It's impossible to treat FF 7 as a piece of retro-gaming, such is the depth of development behind the storyline. It tackles subjects like political upheaval, religion, self-worth - and does it all in such a way as to force us to mentally attach ourselves to the little people running about on the screen.The gameplay, too, is superb, with an easy menu system and full in-game tutorials being accessible at pretty much any point in the game. The difficulty level is pitched exactly right, there's a steady learning curve and monsters and battles become significantly harder as you progress, but not so hard as to be prohibitive. Puzzles and secrets abound, and each time you play (and you WILL play it multiple times) you discover several new features that you didn't see before. With typical Square finnesse, the game options are customisable so battles and cut-scenes don;t have to take up too much time, and the whole game moves at a speed which you, the player, dictate.I can't rave enough. Possibly equalled in terms of absorbing entertainment only by it's own sequels, FF 7 is still a rewarding, hugely entertaining, and very special game. Totally recommended.
This is the huge game were taling about its so huge that your twisted mind will only focus at game and figure your huge mind its the best Rpg better then FFX!-Graphics=(7-10) It may be a little bad but hey its Old!-Gameplay=(Unlimited-10)Over Your Big head-Disks (3) it has 3 compacked adventure Cd-Roms And this is the first 3 disk continued game!This is always your thumps up games And if u hate it then u are not AN RPG PLAYER I REPEAT U ARE NOT A RPG player
I borrowed this game from a friend and it wasAWSOME!!!!!!!It has all the stuff I liked.I dont get how people are dissing this game for its graphics!HELLO YOU IDIOTS IT WAS MADE IN 1997!!!!It was made along time ago but for that time the graphics aretop notch.  The game is 3 disk andenjoyable for all.Get the game!!!
Now let me begin by saying I'M NOT AN RPG gamer, I borrowed this from a friend because I was hearing so much about how great this game is, I recently borrowed it during the summer and I must say I...LOVE..THIS...GAME.  I mean at first I wasn't into the plot(I started getting sucked into it as soon as I got to Disc 2)and the game aswell but after a few hours of playing I WAS HOOKED, now as I stated before I am not an RPG gamer but this game had one of those really cool anime/type plots and the turned base battles were pretty cool.  The gameplay was pretty fun and I was always excited to see were the game would take me next, the dialoug IF YOU ASK me was a little dumb, I mean just because Barret is african american every most of the things he says has to always be spelled differently and have 4 letter words?  Ok I'm done gripping.  Other then Plot and gameplay, I really liked how the materia/magic worked aswell as the summons(man they are such a treat to look at).  And I think I'm going abit too far but I thought the CG scenes(though very limited in the game)were beautiful.  As for visuals, I don't see why people are saying this games visuals are terrible this game was made back in the mid 90's!!!  I thought the visuals were great!  And the pre rendered backrounds were great aswell!  Stop complaining it's an old game!Now audio....I kid you not, after beating this game I downloaded almost every song from the game(Cosmo Canyon is by far one of my favorite songs ever played on a video game!!!).  The music is just beautiful, the song played in cosmo canyon is let alone a reason to get the game sountrack as well as the final battle with Sepheroth.  The best part about the audio is they fit perfectly well for every scenario/area/battle.  I do plan on buying this games soundtrack when I have the time..Now being my first RPG I don't know what to expect but I'll say it anways..my first time through this game was pretty long, I never went through EVERY SIDE QUEST but I did do a few cause I was a little paranoid that I'd mess up, from random battles to leveling up, Boss battles to getting to every place/land/cave that I went through to progress through this great game and my length went down to a total of 57 hours, so yes you bet your sweet keester that your first time through this game will take awhile, as it is spanning 3 discs.  Ok I'm getting tired lets just get this over withThe Good-I LOVE THE MUSIC IN THIS GAME-The CG in this game is just wonderful-Why are people complaining about visuals, they get a 9 on my book.. well for it's time atleast..-The Turn based battles were pretty fun-Omnislash.....nuff said-The Summons were a treat to see(VIVA LA BAHUMUT ZERO!)-I loved all the characters so much in this game, it's like you cared for them and really wanted them to just survive through the game, especially Red XII(My favorite Character in the game)-3 disc, more then 40 hours of gameplay and tons of stuff to do to extend the time period of the games lengthThe bad-I would...seriously, no joke, just jump out of my seat when a random battle happend, I think it's cause I had my volume very high-The random battles do get annoying-I thought leveling up did get pretty annoying and boring at parts(I was worried that I had to be in a certain level so I can be strong enough for a boss so I'd spend like 50% of the game leveling up)Other then that I really liked this game, I loved the music, visuals, story, especially the characters and the whole world/atmosphere was beautiful and there isn't anything that really botherd me except for a few boss battles...other then that this is a must own for the Playstation.  In the end I give this fantastic game a...5 out of 5 stars...
Final Fantasy 7 is a masterpiece.  What a cliche!  Masterpiece; a term suggesting the undisputed magnum opus of an already venerable company.  Many things gain this mark, but few live up to their expectation.  Final Fantasy 7 does.In many ways, Final Fantasy 7 is far from perfect.  The graphics, compared to today, are dated, grainy, and harsh.  The storyline reeks of cliche-ridden overtones.  The characters seem generic.  However, this is all a product of subsequent games.Final Fantasy 7 defined the 3D graphical engine used in almost all of today's RPGs.  Its characters, still fresh, were very unique, emotionally unstable, and enjoyable to read about.  The storyline spins off numerous tangents and undertones that suggested a fully functioning, realistic world that presents real-life human troubles.This is far from a typical RPG.  From its conception, it redefined the genre and introduced the RPG to about 3 million new gamers.  Saying that Final Fantasy 7 single-handedly elevated RPGs from niche to mainstream status would be far from an erraneous statement.Considering all of these things, a person skeptical about playing Final Fantasy 7 should grant reconsideration.  Though it is far from the prettiest and most unique of games, it does represent the model that all of today's successful RPGs follow.  And, in this case, the model is more radiant than its spinoffs.
WELLLLLL...THIS IS YOUR TICKET! Final Fantasy VII is the ultimate in what is the most successful (and also greatest) series of role-playing games of all time! There are all sorts of pros to the game, but only a few cons...and the cons barely matter!Pros:-An incredible story.-Deep and engaging play.-Beautiful battle graphics and CG cinemas.-Plenty of subquests.-VERRRRY lengthy!-Unique characters.-Hollywood-worthy music.-Plenty of plot-twists.Cons (there are few):-Sometimes a bit tedious-Battle system is a bit flawed.-Terrible land animation.-If you devote your life to gaming, you may have to say goodbye to your family and friends.The bottom line: this is an altogether gaming masterpiece spanning three discs of epic conflict, timeless romance, and magical battles. If your forte in gaming is roleplaying in general or the Final Fantasy series, then I highly recommend this game!P.S.WOW. I can't believe how much the price of this game has SKYROCKETED. I'm lucky I bought this game when it cost a whopping $15.00! People if you have this game by all means HANG ON TO IT!
When My friend told me about this game, I was like whateva. When he went home he left it at my house. I decided to se what it was all 'bout. When I played it, I started to enjoy it, and I played it for 5 hours, 'till I got dizzy. There where a few problems, but I didn't give... 'bout it, cuz I enjoyed the obsorbing storyline, and gameplay. Pros and Cons of the gane wherePros:A Storyline that is maxed out to 90 hours7 characters that are wit' uGreat FMV SequenceMakes u wanna git everything at the end before u fight SephrothAlot of bad language for a game thats rated T; I like thatA beutiful 3D backround, and world mapMakes u wanna play for hoursCons:Too many random battlesGraphics on characters are outdated(Looks like little kids runninTakes too long to git limit breakNo talking at allTakes too long to level up materia
Sure, the word &quot;epic&quot; is thrown around a lot on the back covers of games, but this game really is one. Of course, you can probably tell that from the fact that it's three discs long. From the great music to the excellent battle system to the plot with a depth rarely seen in video games to the wonderful graphics... okay, so the graphics aren't wonderful. In fact, they suck. The exception to the graphics comes in the fairly cool looking occasional movie scenes. Not being a huge RPG fan, I took the fairly direct route through the game. RPG extremists have a ton more to do, from raising chocobos to fighting that (expletive deleted) Ruby Weapon. Also, the special attacks are really cool. They range from fancy swordfighting techniques like cross-slash to a guy who turns into popular horror movie characters (a Jason imitation, complete with chainsaw, helped me defeat Safer Sephiroth) . Anyway, this is a great game that is worth more than twenty bucks, so get it.
I was in 7th grade when this came out.  I saved up and bought it.  I've played through it many times.  This game not only brought the console RPG's into the spot light but it also brought A LOT of fun to millions of fans.Ignore all of these peole saying it's "nothing special" because they compare it to everything that came after it.  In 1997 this game was TON of fun, but if you are going to buy it now and expect bells and whistles like all the more current RPG's then you will be disapointed.  I have nothing bad to say about FF7, it's a great game and will always be one of my all time favorites.
This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game. Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lol
I think that this is truly one of the best rpg's of all time for the PS. It is very fun and addicting I have played it for around 60 hours and it is still good. It takes a while to beat and get everything so you should play this game for a good amount of time so it is worth buying. Also the summonings in this game are cool. The only down side is that the cg's they are alright for when it came out but now. Other than that this is proably one of the best games I have ever played for the PS.
By far the BEST final fantasy ever madeIt was the first FF to be made on psx and the gameplay graphics were OK. But the CG graphics were really REALLY good.I was speechless at the end of the game where everything comes together and the big twist is revealed. That was awesome.So basically I give it 100 stars cuz I LOOOVE it.
bought the game cause i love the series and shockingly this game is the same age as i am feel great to hold a piece of gaming history in my hands storys great every aspect of the game is great
classic storyline, good music, sweet battle system.  One of, if not the, best game ever made.
Pros+A Very Deep, Engrossing and Heartfelt story+Memorable characters+Very Customizable game+Enriching soundtrack+Very detailed cinematics and incredible looking pre-rendered backgrouns+Tons and tons of optional things to doCons-The characters may be memorable, but the game does little to develop them beyond a certain point-There's no big incentive to use one character over another-It may very well be one of the easiest Final Fantasy games in the seriesAfter eleven years, Final Fantasy VII still manages to be a beast in the RPG field.  Boasting a colossal story and a few memorable characters.  Final Fantasy VII is the game which made the JRPG genre big in the West and eleven years later it still ranks as one of the greatest games of all time.Final Fantasy VII centers on Cloud Strife.  A mercenary who has joined the rebelious group known as AVALANCHE, who are taking on the Shinra Corporation, that is slowly draining the planet of its life.  The story all comes together by Cloud's mysterious past, a terrifying villain and some heartfelt characters.  The story of Final Fantasy VII spans so much more than just an evil Corporation.  You'll eventually find yourself on a journey that involves you saving the world.  Even compared to today, Final Fantasy VII is an RPG that breaks the rules of traditional storytelling.  Rather than being a band of teenagers out to stop some evil adults (as the JRPG has been drowned out in in recent years), Final Fantasy VII puts you in the role of characters about something more.  If there were any criticism of the story, it would be that it's a lot to take in.  Some things never really come together in the end and you'll be left with a lot of burning questions.  Much of this, you can bet, is due to some of Final Fantasy VII's shoddy translation.  There were some pieces in the localization process that were left out entirely and make the story come off as a little more sloppy than it was intended to.  Another small criticism comes with its characters.  While they're memorable, they often times take a backseat to some of the stories progression.  Once we learn what we need to learn about certain characters, the game never really touches them or makes them integral to the plot itself again.  If it weren't for their stark personalities, funny quips and own charms, you might forget them.Ever since Final Fantasy IV, the series has used the ATB battle system and Final Fantasy VII is no exception.  Every character has an ATB gauge that lets them take action once it's filled.  Pretty basic, but Final Fantasy VII gets a bump by being very customizable.  The Materia system allows for nearly endless possibilities for its characters.  There are several different kinds of Materia.  There's your basic magic materia that give you spells to cast, but there is also materia to give you more battle commands such as being able to steal or throw items at an enemy.  There are other materia there just to boost your stats and others that enhance your spells by giving you the ability to hit all the enemies at once or to absorb health from your enemies.  There are far more in each category and they give you infinite ways to play Final Fantasy VII.Without materia, though, your characters are naked and can only attack.  This brings about small problem.  The first being that there's is no incentive to use any one character above another.  Final Fantasy VII remedies this by givng its character ultra powerful limit breaks.  Every character has a limit gauge and when it fills up as they take damage.  When full they can let forth a brutal attack.  Characters also have limit levels for different limit breaks and the higher the Limit Level the more damage you have to take before its full.  Unfortunately, this is all that makes any character different in battle.  Materia gives them legs, but you can always transfer over anyone else's materia to anyone else.  In the long run this won't bother anyone, but it leads to a lack of variety in the characters and you more than likely won't need limit breaks that much to begin with.  Final Fantasy VII's pros more than outnumber the cons.  The amount of customization is great, but it still would've been nice to need one character's ability over another.Final Fantasy VII is by no means a hard game.  It is arguably one of the easiest games in the series.  In particular, the final battle turns out to be one of the easiest fights in the game against someone who has often been labeled one of the most threatening in history.  Yet Final Fantasy VII makes for that with several hidden goodies.  You won't find too many optional dungeons in Final Fantasy VII, but you will find an incredible number of optional things to do off the beaten path.  From breeding and racing Chocobos, to finding hidden materia, to taking on ultra powerful bosses and even finding hidden characters who have more than just a face, but actually play into the story itself.  There are more secrets in Final Fantasy VII than even most RPGs of today.Graphically Final Fantasy VII is a mixed bag.  In 1997 these graphics were phenominal.  the pre-rendered backgrounds are still incredible looking even to this day.  The seventh Final Fantasy has a lot of style.  The polygons are charming though they don't look as cool as the rest of the environments.  The FMVs are still amazing and wonderfully detailed for its time.  There are a couple of moments of slowdown with Final Fantasy VII, however, and some of the summon animations can get lengthy and repetitive.  But they don't take away from its wildly detaile environments.The music score may actually be the most rewarding thing for Final Fantasy VII.  The music score manages to fill the situations for the right moment.  But it also isn't afraid to showcase a lot of emotion either.  There are some moments where it can be dark and others where it's very light.  In particular, the character themes are really nice and memorable.  Final Fantasy VII doesn't have the best soundtrack within the series, but it has some of the most memorable music numbers of the entire series.After eleven years Final Fantasy VII is still a force to be reckoned with.  There are a few gaps in its storyline that you may have to read a bit more deeply to learn about (as not all of it is within the game itself, but if anything confuses you there have been countless FAQs written as well as spin-offs and sequels) and it shuns some of its characters at points, but the package is still one of the best Playstation outings of all time, and every gamer should pick up and play Final Fantasy VII at least once.
I wanted this game so badly for years, so I finally just went for it.  I heard it was one of the best games ever made, and it is true.  I actually beat it today and am so happy.  It was made in 1997 and still competes with games made today.  It has a great story and some of the best characters ever.  I got so attached to these characters.  I won't get into too much detail because other reviewers already did a good job explaining that, but it truly is a great game.  The graphics are fine for an old game, and I find the character design very charming.  The game is really fun, too.  I just couldn't stop playing, I always was so excited to play more and see what would happen next.  I even knew a good amount of what would happen ahead of time because of what I had read and seen, and it was still exciting.  There is also a lot to do.  After about 40 hours, I still haven't done everything.I have a few things I want to add.  If you're wondering if it works well on a PS2.  Yes, perfectly.  And one more thing.  I bought the game used, not greatest hits, and it had trouble because of the condition it was in, so I bought a new copy that is the greatest hits version.  The older one comes with a case that is very annoying because it is really hard to get disc 2 out.  I was worried about having to bend the disc to get it out.  I would highly suggest buying the greatest hits version because the case is made better.  All of the discs come out easily, so no disc bending.So in short, if you want to see what all the fuss is about, buy it and see.  I loved it.
If you're a fan, then there's no need to read this any further.  I won't say much, but this is truly one of the greatest RPG's ever made.
FFVII is a role playing game where your decisions during the game will effect the overall outcome of the game. You are in control of a character named Cloud, an ex member of the famed Soldier from Shinra Inc. Cloud, along with a group of freedom fighters by the name of AVALANCHE, try to free the city of Midgar from the evil clutches of the president of Shinra Inc. Along the way Cloud befriends a young flower girl, a scientific experiment specimen, a fortune teller, an assasin, a ninja, and an ex pilot who help him in freeing Midgar. But there is an even deeper evil at work here as Cloud and his friends discover that the greatest Soldier in the world, Sephiroth, plans to destroy the entire world. Now with the help of his newfound comrades, Cloud must face his teenage past, and face his teenage idol in a climatic battle for the freedom of the world and the destruction of evil.Final Fantasy VII introduces a new time based system for battle sequences. Instead of taking turns hitting each other, the time based system makes it so that you have to wait a specific amount of time to attack again. The world map lets you travel anywhere and do almost anything. With stunning cinematography and dazzling graphics, Final Fantasy VII is truly the cream of the crop and the best role playing game this world has ever seen.Bottom Line: Arguably the best game for the Playstation console. Final Fantasy VII caps them all.
I just finished writing a review of the excellent soundtrack to this game and realised I hadn't even written a review for the game, so here goes.  In my opinion this is the greatest video game of any genre, of all time.  The Final Fantasy series in general is probably my favourite series of games (awaiting XII eagerly), and VII is the best of all.What makes it the best?  It has to be the plot, which by gaming standards is superb, the angst driven main character is overdone in RPG's but it works to good effect here.  Sephiroth is another reason, he is the best bad-guy in a game ever, he is just pure evil.  He causes the plot to be more unpredictable than your average RPG, who honestly expected him to kill Aeris, when they first played through?  Main characters rarely die in these sort of games.  It is just a joy to play in every sense, the mini games compliment it well, including in the Gold Saucer.  The soundtrack is great, of course the graphics are now dated, but it doesn't detract from the gameplay at all, a true masterpiece, if you don't own it already, you couldn't do any better than to buy it now!
I have played thousands of games, spent countless hours on them.  I have played the best with titles such as Grand Theft Auto Vice City, and I have played some of the worst like TOtal Recall.  However throughout all the games that I have played only one stands out as the number one game of all time.  That title is Final Fantasy 7.What makes Final Fantasy 7 so great, especially considering the past titles, the sequels, and other great titles such as Dragon Warrior Series, BReath of Fire, and so on.  It has a special something that few games really have.  Any game can draw you into a story, hell old NES titles such as Ninja Gaiden and Zelda could do that.  However what makes this so great is that it is one of the select few titles in the relm of video gmaes that can do something that no other games can, but I shall reveal that later.  LEts talk about the game.FInal Fantasy 7 starts off like an action movie might.  You control Cloud Strife, an ex-soldier (equivelent to the  NAvy Seals) who is now a mercenary for hire.  He is currently working for the terrorist organization known as Avalanche ran by Barrett, a big burly black man with a chaingun for a hand.  His second in command is a girl named Tifa who was a childhood friend of clouds.  After a few succesful missions cloud is seperated from the team where he meets up with a young girl named Aeris.  Little does cloud realize at first is that Aeris is beign pursued by the conglomerate Shinra (Shinra is what Avalanche is trying to bring down.).  CLoud decideds to help her out but when she is kidnapped he must rescue her.  MEanwhile a ghost from the past returns to not only haunt him, but destroy the world.This is the main focus of the first few hours.  The story itself will slowly evolve into something that if you show dedication to than you will be very satisfied when it is all said and done.  Now lets talk about some technical aspects.The graphics for the time are outstanding, however when compared to today it is proof of how dated graphics can get quickly.COntrols are fluent enough and the menues are asy to scroll through.COmbat is never really one sided however if you don't build up your levels (by the end of Disk one should be level 40 or higher for the whole party) you will be whipped.The music is what seperates this from most games.  The music is the pinacle of greatness here.  As I am writing this I am listening to Aeris Theme which is one of the greatest tracks in gaming history.  This alone seperates this from most gaems past and present.However there is one factor that seperates this from most games.  The secret to why this one of he best is that it is one of the few games that can touch you emotionally.  Any game can give you an adrenaline rush.  However it is very select few gaems that can touch you emotionally, and even make you cry.  Final Fantasy 7 has accomplished this.  THis is one of the select few titles that has ever done this.  To date the only other title to do this is the cult hit Ico.In conclusion Final Fantasy 7 is the greatest game of all time because it has an incredible story, incredibel music, and the fact that you will be sucked in if you give it time.  But that is the thing, you must give it time and dedication.  This is however the greatest game of all time.
As the title says, this game is old, but it's still epic.  I'm a HUGE fan of the FFVII saga and I'm glad that I got this because I played the other one so much that I had to get another one.  I must be getting rusty because the boss battles in here I've had some trouble with.  But, as always, I find a way to beat them all.If some are use to playing 3D games, then...uhh...dude, go back to 2D if you're a true gamer.  Even after 10 years, the grafics are good, the fighting is awesome, and the story is always as epic as ever knowing that it's from Square Enix.  Ha, I just feel old playing this and I'm not even 20 yet!  But it's a really good game and you should play it for sure.
There are so many reviews of this top game around, that I will keep to the vital points. Is this the best Resident Evil game yet? Yes, It looks absolutely fantastic, but due to familiarity, it's not as scary any more, unless you have no idea what to expect. The zombies don't even fall to pieces in chunks any more! WHY??? Is it in complete 3D? NO! This was hyped up pre-release, but the truth is that, although the camera follows the characters around a little, all scenes are viewed from selected, semi-fixed view points, and you cannot look around at will. Shame! If you make it through to the Bonus game, you can play in first person, and really see the amount of detail present in those scenes. I actually like the fixed perspective of these games, as it looks so cinematic, but imagine the whole game with this freedom... Is it value for money? Yes! This is a long game that rewards some serious time investment. There are many, many locations and places to explore However, although it is a very long game, it's not that difficult! Claire has to battle the Tyrant in the back of a plane halfway through, and this is the only really tough challenge, the rest of the encounters are a bit on the easy side. You should not die much if you are a seasoned player. But the positive details override these small let-downs. Everything looks real! Locations and characters are perfectly realised, and Claire's lighter provides a really beautiful effect. The sounds and music are also excellent, you get to play as three people, and what a story... Dreamcast owners can really boast about this addition to SEGA's line up, and it has to be one of the must-haves of the system.
This is the Resident Evil game that all people have been waiting for, even if they don't realize it yet.  It was so good that it refused to die with the failing Dreamcast and dove across to the Play Station 2 ( I hear the graphics aren't as good on PS2).  It is the ultimate survival horror game.What make Veronica so great?  The graphics are no small part.  Sure, I reveled like the rest of us in the exploding zombie heads of RE 2 and 3 but I loved the brain splatter of Veronica.  The Tyrant from RE 2, with his blank stare and overcoat never conveyed the sheer life of a bendersnatch as he trapezed across the room and crushed your head, all the while looking at you with those oh so human eyes.What else you ask, makes this game THE RE?  Well, the story is superbly done and Alexia is the most...AWESOME bad guy(errr...Girl) that has ever graced the screen.  And all your old favorites are back too so expect to see some old friends and new enemies as you crawl and run around.Oh and there is more!  Guns have always been great in the Resident Evil games but these guns are crisp.  By that I mean they may not be awe-imspiring like the electroshocker from 2 or as satisfying as the enhanced shotgun rounds from 3 but they will do the job exactly like you would expect.  The twin uzi's will stop a zombie in its tracks but the spiders will laugh as they pump poison into you.  But you can show them who is boss with a blast from the grenade launcher, now better built to kill groups.  Across the board the guns will satisfy.And there is just so much else that I cannot write it all.  But needless to say, if you own a DC or PS2 this is a good purchase at any price.  Get it, buy it, steal it, love it.  Come be a zombie killer with the rest of us.
I played RE2 and loved it but Code Veronica for Dreamcast was everything that was great about the series and completely perfected it.Perfect atmosphere.Scary music.Spot on controls.Devious puzzles.And of course.......zombies, zombies and MORE ZOMBIES.Gorgeous graphics, stunning for its time.A story line that advanced the whole series quite a bit.I really have nothing bad to say about the game.The only thing I didn't like then is the same thing I don't like now.....the crate pushing.Why is there crate pushing in every RE game?How often do you need to push crates in real life to get from one area to another?It's not like I walk down the street during lunch break and encounter random crates on the sidewalk.It might be kind of cool if I did though.Granted, I don't run into zombies either........hmmmm........do the working people downtown count?I'll have to say yes to that one.Never mind.......RE Code Veronica.Took the formula of the original RE and perfected it.A must play for survival horror fans.Recommended.
Every part of this game has been permanently burned into the recesses of my brain.  Maybe not the specifics of plot or location, only the fear, that sheer terror I had from beginning to end.  This is what video games are all about - the ability to step inside a movie or novel and live those incredible moments as if they were your own.  I forgot I was sitting safely in my house, my life was on that screen.If that doesn't tell you this game is good, I don't know what to write.  The plot is unbelievable, the graphics are unbelievable, the game is unbelievable, the only problem I have is that you aren't really motivated to play it again after you finish it, but the game is really long, so I'm not too disappointed.  I've had a PS2 since Xmas, and I still haven't seen graphics to beat this game.  The story rivals my favorite movies, and I HATE video game plots!
Simply put, Code Veronica is the best in the series.  After RE2 I didn't think the series could get any better but I was wrong.  CV had an amazing graphics and a superb camera system.  The story was HUGE and awesome so this was the most time consuming RE at the time.  I think the remake of RE on the Gamecube is longer (and 10 times scarier than the PSX version).  If you have a Gamecube or DC and love adventure/action/horror games than Code Veronica and the rest of the series is definately for you.
Without a doubt the best Resident Evil game ever made, &quot;Code: Veronica&quot; will amaze you with it's beauty, and scare the hell out of you with it's zombie shooting action.  The graphics are super superb, looking almost movie like and giving you such a surreal feeling its like your interacting with a movie rather than playing a game.  And like true horror should be, there's plenty of thrills, chills, and a hell of a lot of spills to behold.  Never has being scared senseless been so fun.  Essential for the Dreamcast owner.
This is the ultimate Resident Evil. It has way better graphics, better sound, a better story... Everything is better, but it does feel just like  the old Resident Evil game, it has the same feel to it. If you don't have  this don't consider yourself a fan of the series.
This Resident Evil is the best out of the lot.  The graphics on this are the best that i have seen of any Resident Evil game, and the puzzles have been taken afurther which i am glad about  as in all of the other Rsident Evils all of the puzzles were similar.  The game is longer than all of the other Resident Evils, and in like some of the previous games you get to take on the roles of other characters.  The zombies are more intelligent and there seems to be a better feel to this game than all the others.  Congratulations to Sega for producing the best game out of the series
Buy! Best Graphics on the Dreamcast that I've seen, and Fun gameplay to boot!
One of the few games I actually bought for the Dreamcast while I owned one.I was raised on a steady diet of Mortal Kombat and nothing really prepared me for how hard this game was.I'll keep it short.The graphics? Astounding.The game play? A brutal revelation.Incredible story lines.This game can be picked up and played by anyone but trust me...on the more difficult settings this is no button masher.You better know your character inside and out or you won't last a minute.I'll sum it up.Awesome weapons based combat.One of the deepest fighters out there.Not for the fighting faint of heart.Recommended.
Even with the new consoles on the market, this game is still the best fighting game out there. Just so you all know, the Dreamcast is a 128 bit system just like the others. So, the graphics can be just as good. Could have used a few more fighters, but that's my only complaint. The backgounds are breath taking. The fighters have THE coolest specials moves I've ever seen. And, the special moves arn't really all that hard to use. You can get to them a lot of times with just a bit of luck. Some of the other fighting games I've played, I was never able to make them do the really cool moves because they were too complicated to pull off. So, I never got to see them. This is a must have game for Dreamcast owners.Revision:This is still the best fighting game out.  Even with the XBox and PS2 out.  Me and a friend still hook up the old Dreamcast to play this from time to time.  Can't wait untill the next one.  As of this new review, this will selling on Amazon.com for more than it was when Dreamcast was still out.  I guess that tells you a little something about how good this game is.
I got this game back in 1999 when I first got my dreamcast. This game is still coming out with sequels. I think that this is a great game!
This game was the best thing that came from the Dreamcast, aside from HOUSE OF THE DEAD. This was one of my main reasons for getting the Dreamcast. The graphics were awesome and the replay to this game was great.The second installment of the very popular Arcade smash Soul Blade, had much better graphics than the first, very fluid fights, new characters that rocked (and also a surprise cameo by Tekken's Yoshimitsu). Plus a lot of new weapons and fighting styles like a 3/4 staff, a sword with a chain attached to it, the Shaolin sword style and even some returing favorites like the short sword and Samurai sword.This game rocked! I still play this game eventhough the Dreamcast is more or less no more. This is a great game, if yuou have a Dreamcast, you need this game. It's almost a requirement!
I have owned my Dreamcast for nearly a yera now and had been waiting to find a solid fighting game. Many people say that Tekken Tag Team for the PS2 is  amuch better game, but it is basically the same as Tekken 3 with enhanced graphics and doesn't have all the things that make Soul Calibur so much fun. I was thinking about looking for Virtua Fighter, but then saw a review that gave Soul Calibur 10 out of 10. I read the review that it was like Virtua Fighter, but with way better graphics, more fighting stages and of course, awesome weapons to fight with. This game has several modes in it including vs. where you can play head-to-head aginst a friend, and arcade mode which is the best and most fun mode in this game. In arcade mode you chose one of several characters to fight with. Each character has different weapons like axes, swords, num-chucks, etc. and different strengths and weaknesses. After you have succesfully beaten all 8 stages you will un-lock a new stage to fight on or a new &quot;soul&quot; or character to fight with that is usually much stronger than the normal characters. If you are looking for a fighting game for your Dreamcast, Soul Calibur is a must-have. And at the price of Dreamcast games these days, you just can't pass up the price on this great game.
Even though it's over a year old, Soul Calibur is not only the best-looking Dreamcast game there is, it's the best 3D fighting game on the planet.  Period.  Nothing comes close.  A lot of people say Tekken Tag for the PS2 is a better game, but Tag is merely a rehash of Tekken 3 with updated graphics, and Dead or Alive 2 just doesn't have the same shine. Soul Calibur introduced so many new ideas to the genre of 3D fighting that it's hard to think how anyone will surpass it:  the 8-Way run system and Guard Impact are just two of them.  The graphics are flawless 60 fps glory, the sound crystal, the backgrounds enthralling.  Mission Mode and the huge unlockable Art Gallery send replay value through the roof, but the true treasure here is the combat system.  Helped by pinpoint control, beginners and veterans alike will find no end to the depth of the fighting engine that the 8-Way Run system opens up, allowing your fighter mobility across the entire surface of the arena.  People are still talking about the huge leap Soul Calibur represents for fighting games.  Namco has produced a work of art that also happens to be the most flawless game I've ever played -- a year later it's still the most played game on my Dreamcast and I'm still discovering new moves and techniques.  Soul Calibur has sold many Dreamcast systems (my own and all my friends' as well), and at the price the system and the game are now, it's an ABSOLUTE STEAL.  Everyone who's even remotely interested in gaming owes it to themselves to experience this piece of history -- games like this don't happen often, folks.
Not that this game is "old", but when you consider it's a game from 1999 that's exclusive to a dead console system, it's amazing to realize that this game is arguably better than any other combat game out there even today. The graphics made full use of the Dreamcast's capabilities, and even now it is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. The combat moves are fluid and based on real martial arts...there is even a martial arts display mode where you can see all the characters doing various weapon katas! It is a good game for both button mashers and pros. There is no "blood" which makes it a bit unrealistic when you see someone getting hacked with a huge axe and not bleeding; but that doesn't detract from the experience because this isn't that sort of game. The abundance of modes allows for a high replay value. The only thing I would knock is the end-stories, which are a bit corny and considering the animation in the gamplay itself, it feels a bit like a copout to see the endings as just still life. However, that's all nitpicking.This game is the reason to buy a dreamcast, and it is still worth it to buy this game and then go find someone selling a dreamcast so you can buy and play it. Have fun!
Hands down the greatest fighting game ever made.  Almost a decade after its release it still tops of even the newest fighters out there.  Dreamcast had the most potentioal over all the other systems, to bad Sega Sold out.  Every character, level, skill, story goes above and beyond.  Top's the most recent Soul Calibur 4 that was released this past July.  This game should be ported exactly the way it is to Next-Generation systems with a graphic enchancement.To bad many have not been able to witness the first Soul Calibur because it was on the Dreamcast.It needs to get recognized by the Nex-Generation gamers.
The Dreamcast certainly had an abundance of fighting games. You could easily fill your shelves with Capcom's fighters alone. But one title stands as not only the best game on the system, but the one of the greatest games ever made.Soul Calibur was a launch title for the DC but you wouldn't be able to tell by the level of refinement, both in asthetics and gameplay.First, the graphics are phenomenal for their day. Nothing looked this good back in 1999 on the consoles. The character models were heads and tails above anything gamers had ever saw; they were clean, smooth, detailed, featured flawless animation, with fantastic effects like clothes and hair waving in the wind. The backgrounds are amazing too, various settings from underground caves, deteriorating castles, and Japanese style training grounds.It also rus in progessive scan with a framerate that never falters no matter how intense battles get. Not only that it looks better than the arcade version, quite possibly the first game to accomplish this feat.Sound is excellent too, even today, the voice work sounds great (although it is in Japanese, so I can't understand it). Sound effects are equally impressive, the clash of swords and other weapons sound great, nothing is overdone, or repetivive. The music is wonderful, it's great to hear it has aged so well, even after all these years. Namco could have easily thown togther some bland 80's rock styled music, but it wouldn't have done the game justice. The sweeping classical tunes work rather well with the fast paced, yet tactical gameplay.As far as the gameplay itself, it's perfectly paced, not too fast, not too slow. It is a game that is easy to learn hard to master. In my opinion, Soul Calibur is the most balanced of any 3D fighter. Even a beginner can pick up a controller, understand the basic concepts of the game and have some success just feeling out the game. However, it's not like Tekken (Namco's other 3D fighter) that allows button mashers to cheat their way to victory, if a person bothers to learn a characters moves, he can easily devistate a beginner. There are tons of advanced moves beyond just learing a command list, there are techniques such as the advanced guard and the 8-way run to master that seperate the average player to the advanced one. Combine this with strategies that a factored into most 3D fighters like forcing the ring out and using the clock to your advanage and you have a fighter with a serious amount of depth.While soul caibur has tons of depth, it would have not have reached a perfect score had it not taken it to the next level, and by that I mean modes. That is the mistake that Virtua Fighter 3tb made. Namco saw fit to make Soul Calibur on the dreamcast the most ambitious 3D fighter to date, and they succeeded. They did a wonderful job of adding a fully featured versus mode, team battle, survival, and extra survival (one hit kill), modes, but they all pale in comparison to mission mode.Mission mode is by far the greatest feature of Soul Calibur. Unlike Soul Blade where you had a handful of character specific missions that weren't very fun, Mission mode allows you to pick any character that you desire and progress at your own pace. Missions range from winning with a ring out, to survival matches, and later throw in more obsure challenges. While they are challenging, they are for the most part, fair. As you beat each of these mode you will acquire points to buy artwork; purchasing this artwork will unlock more missions, costumes, characters and stages. By the time you finish this mode not only will you be an accoplished swordsman, but you will have a robust amount of content to show for your efforts.There is a reason Soul Calibur has the reputation that it doesn 12 years later. The game is simply stellar. It has aged rather gracefully and is the best game on the DC. The game is also available through Xbox live for $10 but omits the mission mode and has everything already unlocked. This is truly the version to get if you want to fully experience the games as it was intended by Namco. I highly reccomend this game as one of the greatest games ever made.
Soul Calibur is the classic version of the arcade game, and is only available on the Dreamcast. For many, it's the main reason to buy a Dreamcast!You get a nice selection of characters, both male and female, young and old. If there's a complaint about the characters, it's that the females tend to have VERY skimpy outfits that mostly show off jiggly breasts and lots of underwear. The guys tend to have fully covered bodies. Something's not quite even here.There are a number of modes, between simple arcade mode, one on one combat, training demos, and more. As you play through the game you earn points, which let you unlock more secrets. It encourages you to go through the game as each character, learning their best moves and techniques. Each character has his or her own favorite weapons and combat style.As with all fighting games, you have to get used to the violence. The characters are bashing each other with some rather nasty moves - and it doesn't necessarily stop when one person is defeated. I've seen my character kicked to the ground, the game announce my defeat, and then the enemy throw in a final, gratuitous kick. It's very discouraging.The different levels are fun, with their atmosphere and backgrounds. The music is on the generic side and doesn't go themed with the world you're in, as more modern fighters tend to do. Also it is sometimes fairly easy to simply knock your opponent out of the ring and be done with it.Also, on the sounds angle, there are only a limited number of things that the announcer says. So if you play a given character through an 8 round series of fights, you are going to hear the same thing over and over again.That all being said, this is a true classic of a game and many people have become quite fond of the sequels. So if you're into inexpensive fighters, or if you're a Soul Calibur fan who wants to see where it all began, this is a must have!
Soul Caliber - Circa 2001GOOD:- Good/Tight controls- Nicely balanced gameplay- Lots of different and unique fighters- Minutes to learn years to master gameplay- Some nice unlockables like new Fighters, costumes, stages and other bonuses- A 3D fighting game that really uses the 3D space (with eight way run)- Considered a classic to many hardcore fighting fanaticsBAD:- Non- traditional fighting gameplay, might alienate some more traditional fighting game fans- Have to unlock most of the game through the story/quest modeIF IT FITS YOUR TASTE:- Has medieval theme, both European and Chinese/Japanese- Not traditional fighting game in the sense that there is no real combos and supers, or even projectile moves- Game has built in quest mode, where you pick a fighter and complete a number of challenges, the end result is you unlock more content and are a better player- Fight with weapons, like a 3D Samurai ShowdownGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Soul Caliber 2- Tekken 3- Samurai ShowdownADDITIONAL NOTES:- You can unlock a mode that lets you Customize your intro (by picking who will be in the intro of the game at which points)
By far one of the greatest games i have ever played.  Great story, mind-blowing graphics, awesome characters and more.  Everything about this game is incredible, right down to the realistic breathing motions of the characters!  The soundtrack is the best I have heard out of any fighting game to date.  I am desperately trying to find it, but i still can't.  Let me know if you do! Lots of game modes and jam-packed with secrets.  It will take you a long time to get bored with this game!  This is the only reason I haven't sold my DC yet, since Sega abandoned it.
One of the first games ever released for the Dreamcast, and one of the best, Soul Calibur is amazing from start to finish.  The graphics, control, special features, and fighting engine are superb, and this is the one game that if you own a Dreamcast you must have this as well.  However, good luck finding it, when the Dreamcast came out, it sold pretty quickly, and Namco only released the game in limited quanitites, but this is one hell of a game, and its a better investment to buy a Dreamcast and this game rather than lay down 50 bucks for a single game on any of the other systems.
Namco has set a new standard of graphics and gameplay for the fighting game genre with Soul Calibur.  This game surpasses every 3D fighting game in a number of categories.  Fresh characters, responsive and balanced gameplay, incredible graphics, jaw dropping animation, lots of replay value, and even great music can be found in Soul Calibur.  Not only is this a perfect arcade conversion, it actually has even better and more polished graphics than the arcade game. If you have a Dreamcast and are a fan of fighting games, your collection is not complete without Soul Calibur. Play it for yourself and find out why. Hopefully Namco will take their time with the sequel, because it's going to take alot of effort to make a fighting game better than this.
First of all this game has awesome graphics, nothing on any other system/computer compares to them. The game is fun with a bunch of  characters, and several that are unlockable, plus a mission mode where you  have certain goals with story elements that comply with the story of the  game, playing through the mission mode you earn points so you can spend  them to view artwork, viewing the art can unlock new options, arenas etc.  Buy it.
I'm make this short and sweet.  This is the greatest fighting game ever.  And this is a DC exclusive and will forever be one of the best DC games ever.  It has everything I love about fighting games.  First off the visuals are just so juicy.  Not as sharp as SC2 but still great visuals even for this time of the year.  The game has some really great things added to this DC version such as a mission mode, it's like a story mode, what you do is buy art galleries to start new mission, trust me it'll keep you in for weeks especially since it's for EVERY CHARACTER!  The game has some other neat things added to this game such asPracticemodeMission ModeSurvival ModeARCADE MODE, which you can unlock characters.And some other neat things but I will tell you right now if you do have a Dreamcast don't keep it to dust and play GTA on your Ps2.  You need this game for the Dreamcast.  This is one of the reasons people got a Dreamcast....I got it as a gift from my aunt and took advantage of it by getting the games..And this gem was one of them.  Listen..do your self a favor and get this game...heck even Gamespot gave this game 10 and it's extreamly hard getting a good score on this game..  The visuals arn't as great as SC2 and that is pretty much the only thing wrong with it..  Bottom lineGoodSuperb Visuals on the DCGreat extras for the DC versionMISSION MODE ROCKSControlls are easy to get use toLoads of play time and Arcade Mode is a blastBad..Hmmm....NothingUglyNothing...GREATEST FIGHTING GAME EVER ONLY ON THE DREAMCAST!I give it a 5 out of 5 stars!!Lates
The only draw back with this game is it gets kind of boring but its a great game that put bypassed the arcade by far! This is a game I wont forget.
In 1996 Namco released a game called Soul Blaade in North America (known as Soul Edge in Japan) and it was a game that focused on weapons based combat and centered on several characters going after a sword called Soul Edge.  Either to destroy it or attain it for their own means.  When Namco began talking about a sequel one of the first things they knew they wanted to incorporate was the use of the entire arena instead of just characters moving on one line.  This eventually lead the creation of 8 way run.  Where one could--literally--walk circles around their opponent.  But was it right to simply call it Soul Blade 2?  Project Soul thought not.  Instead they called their new creative and innovative fighter: Soul Calibur.Though not having a fantastic run in Arcades, the game was ported to the Dreamcast in 1999 and launched with the system.  When it was released it was such a smashing success and offered so much for players that we had a new champion of fighters.  It was simple enough for newcomers but had enough depth for experts.  But more than that, 8 way run and the detail the game had was, at the time, just unheard of.  Looking at it now, it's hard to believe the game was originally made in 1998.  It was not only well ahead of its time, but the only game that really seemed to give it any competition was the release of Soul Calibur II years later.  Since it's release the original Soul Calibur has gone on to be recognized as one of the greatest and most innovative games ever made.  And to this day, the only game that is really like Soul Calibur are the other Soul Calibur games.Many fighting games are not much for their stories.  A lot of them can tell a story but they're primarily about the fighting.  The original Soul Calibur is the same way, but there is actually an emphasis on characters and the relationships that these characters feel they have with other characters.  Every character has their own unique ending to Arcade Mode and every character has a biography that you can read to learn about them.  There's definitely a story and a narrative at work here.  As you read about the characters you'll learn as to why each of them are going after Soul Edge.  Their stories are tragic but interesting.  It's even more fun for those who played the original Soul Blade.  Things hadn't become quite convoluted with the story yet.  And when you read about all these characters some of them you're bound to find intriguing in their own way.  You may even find yourself having a favorite.  Not just because of how they fight... but because of who they are as a person.  They've got personality here and it shows not only in their exchanges in combat, their endings in Arcade and their biographies, but also in just how well they fight.Soul Calibur has a simple way of fighting.  You've got horizontal, vertical and kick attacks.  You can also guard and, of course, move all around the ring.  You can also combine attacks by pressing two buttons simultaneously for different attacks.  The implimentation of 8 way run really increases the number of moves which can be done.  It's simple to pick up Soul Calibur but the game itself is fairly difficult to master.  Unlike other games, there is actually qutie an emphasis on pokes, precise strikes and quick moves rather than emphasising the need to learn tons of special moves and combos.  It certainly doesn't hurt to learn these things, but no one will feel powerless when playing Soul Calibur.  But it does have a few complex moves and combos none the less.  Some characters have slide input movements while others may have attacks that require much more precise timing.  Anyone can pick up the game and utilize pokes, but a true master will actually have to sit down and train with some of their favorite characters.It's also to no surprise that Soul Calibur does put a huge emphasis on the player's ability to move all over the arena instead of just in a straight line where they my have moves that step to the side.  This is emphasized by the fact that any character can also attack while circling another.  Or they can use this to side step opponents.  This wasn't just some gimmick thrown in, this was pretty much what Soul Calibur was all about.  To put more emphasis on this, Soul Calibur allows players to knock one another out of the ring.  If there was anything that stood out in Soul Calibur as a real flaw it MIGHT be this little tidbit.  Unlike future games in the series, the first game made knocking someone out of the ring a fairly simple thing to do.  Characters went out of the ring far more easily than otherwise.  And while it's great to snatch a victory through ring out, it can be a pain when you suffered a ring out just because a very small portion went over the ring.Aside from that, Soul Calibur was a nearly flawless game.  It managed to do this by offering players what the Arcade couldn't.  Before Soul Calibur came out in 1999 if you wanted the best graphics and best experience with fighting games you typically went to Arcade to have it.  Soul Calibur was one of the games that helped to change this, in part because of the Dreamcast.  The Dreamcast version of the game looked and sounded better than the Arcade version.  The stages were more detailed.  The backgrounds, rather than being pre-rendered, were actually in 3D.  The game was the prettiest thing on the market in 1999.  And the characters were also detailed.  The console version of the game also offered different modes.  You had the typical Arcade mode, but the game also gave you a survival mode and things to keep you busy such as the game's Mission Mode.  Where you went to various stages to partake in missions.  These missions earned you points, which you could exchange in the Art Gallery.  Sometimes when you bought art in the gallery you unlocked other missions, stages or character exhibition theaters.  There was a lot to unlock in Soul Calibur.  It was an experience you simply couldn't have in the Arcade.As a result, Soul Calibur has also managed to age well, in part because it was so far ahead of its time.  In fact, its sequels can only seem to do worse because aside from tweaking characters and adding moves, there isn't really much you can do to improve the experience of Soul Calibur.  A franchise that achieves this much critical and commercial success right out of the gate doesn't really have anywhere to go but down.  And indeed, the Soul Calibur series has often been criticized that not much has been done to the basic formula as the years have gone by.  But when you play the first game it becomes apparent that it's really hard to build on that particular foundation.  We're talking about a game that was hailed by critics and consumers as one of the greatest games of all time when it first dropped onto the Dreamcast in 1999 (and is one of the few games on Amazon that still retains a five star rating years later).  Where exactly do you go from "Greatest," exactly?  No where, really.  But it seems to be a testament as to how powerful and impactful Soul Calibur really ended up being.  The original still manages to be a strong game even by todays standards.The Soul continues to burn bright and those who still have their Dreamcast should own this game.  It is not just one of the best games you can find on the system, but still remains as one of the greatest games ever made.
Forget any other reason for buying a Dreamcast -- Soul Calibur remains as the sole good reason for spending the money. It's worth the money, it's worth the money, and it's worth your time to check it out. You may have some trouble grabbing a copy of Soul Calibur, because every Dreamcast owner probably purchased this at the counter when picking up their system. Soul Calibur is the ultimate in fighting games - sleek, graphically unparalleled, and deep - and ranks as the best fighting game out there. It's set apart from its competitors by the double knockout of a great look and solid game play. Based on last years hit arcade game, and a sequel to the smash PlayStation hit, Soul Blade, Soul Calibur pits ten fighters against each other in a standard two-out-of three battle for supremacy. But might doesn't always make for right in this game. Soul Calibur is unprecedented in its game balance, with large, impressive bulky fighters on the same ground as small, fast players. The ten starting fighters are just that - a starting lineup. Through game play and advancement you'll uncover many cameo fighters, like Yoshimitsu from Tekken, and Seung Mina and Hwang from Soul Blade. There are also mystery stages and costume changes to uncover. Soul Calibur also offers many new options that the arcade version couldn't. Battle Mode, Team Battle, and Survival modes all lend the game an enormous replay value, while the sometimes complicated move system is helped out by a very thorough Practice mode that explains every move and shows you how to execute them. Graphically, the game evolves past its arcade counterpart in every respect, with incredible detail and superior polygon counts. Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast is without a doubt the best looking fighting game ever, with nuances like muscle rippling, facial expressions of pain, fear, and anger, and caustic lighting effects that dazzle the eyes. The game also excels in the area of sound, achieving what other games only dream of - the perfect balance of music, voice, and sound effects. Clashing swords, primal yelling, and blood-pumping heroic themes course through the game, all meshing for the perfect sonic mix. Namco has retooled the fighting dynamics so that both button-mashers and serious students of ass-whupping can both benefit and prosper in the game. Although novices can easily beat the game on easier settings, the game definitely favors those who understand Soul Calibur's complexities, like dodging, vertical and 8-way run attacks, and stagger blocking. Someone who has mastered the arcade game will find the differences in the moves trifling, while every one else will scarcely notice. What are you waiting for? Sonic can wait, TrickStyle will still be pulling tricks next week, and NFL 2K has a millenium ahead of it. There's no excuse for you not to be enjoying the best fighting game this year, and possibly the best ever. Power Stone and the laughable Mortal Kombat Gold can't touch the soul of this fighter, but you can.
One of the best fighters ever made, actually quite possible the best fighter ever made thus far. Graphics far superior to Tekken or Dead or Alive 2, this game rocks. There is so much to do, you unlock all kinds of good stuff by fighting like galleries of art new costumes, and levels to fight on and more. This game has great strategy in it as well as it is not like Marvel vs Capcom where you just push buttons and pull off random power moves. This game is exceptional and I own it since the Dreamcast debut!
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is the third game in the series (though it was not intended to be, that was supposed to be Code Veronica, but whatever) and it is the third best. And that is NOTHING to be ashamed of.This game had a lot to live up to coming on the heels of what is arguably the best game for the entire playstation system, Resident Evil 2.Does it? Yes and no. It is an amazing game. Jill is hot. The graphics are nice, the music is great and Nemesis is awesome. The only thing this game had going against it was the length felt a bit rushed. There's not quite as much substance here as in Resident Evil 1 and 2.But Capcom has made up for that with the live decisions that alter gameplay and even endings and the randomness of the game in terms of enemies and items. You never know quite what you'll get on any given play through.Bottom line, get this game only after getting the first 2 in the series, but please get it. It is much better than Capcom's lackluster effort at modern Resident Evil games.This game still has soul.
this i got for my son who loves it more than i can say !
Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is sometimes called the forgotten installment in the Resident Evil series.  Other people just call it the least popular.  Let's face it: all the attention went to Resident Evil 1 and 2 because those were the games that were revolutionary.  Those were the games that not only brought realistic, never-before-seen gameplay and 3D survival horror graphics to the original Playstation, but the Resident Evil series also made it *very* difficult for any imitators to come along and try to overtake the popularity and success of the Resident Evil series.  Capcom knew they had something amazing with this series, and that's why when video game fans think about being scared and trying to stay alive, the Resident Evil series *immediately* comes to mind.Now, here comes Resident Evil 3: Nemesis.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but, at the time of its release, this game didn't receive NEARLY as much attention as the previous two Resident Evil games.  Maybe it had something to do with the fact that video game fans were anticipating the upcoming release of the Playstation 2 in the year 1999, or maybe people thought the Resident Evil series was starting to run dry.  Nah, I highly doubt that second one is true.  Nemesis was just the Resident Evil game that didn't really stand out, despite the many positive reviews of the game that I'm sure you've read about.  Yes, the game is fantastic, and the fact that so many people would agree with me is more proof that the Resident Evil series was nowhere NEAR ready to be forgotten.  Not in this lifetime, baby.  It's just that Nemesis wasn't really a drastic jump forward in terms of innovation, like Resident Evil 2 was.I honestly believe, if you have an appetite for running around destroying zombies, that Nemesis is the *perfect* Resident Evil game for you.  I was completely taken by surprise as I continued to progress through the game and notice that the amount of zombies and other familiar enemies are absolutely LOADED almost everywhere you go.  Zombies left and right!At the very beginning of the game, when I looked inside that giant item box beside the typewriter, I couldn't believe Capcom was so generous as to give me more than enough ammo right from the beginning.  I really mean it- you receive a LOT of ammo from your item box.  After beating the game, I had a ton of ammo leftover.  Now, I realize people will probably look at this as a bad thing, and complain that lots of ammo greatly decreases the challenge and makes progressing through the game a cakewalk.  They'd also have a point if they wanted to complain that giving you loads of easily-available ammo straight from your item box doesn't really define "strategy game", since you aren't spending the majority of your time dodging enemies- you can simply walk up to them and shoot them and have *more* than enough ammo available for the next enemy you encounter.  They'd be absolutely correct, on both counts.Capcom is also pretty generous when it comes to those green herbs and first aid sprays.  You can find plenty of them throughout the game, just sitting around on the table or floor, making the challenge level go down even more.  Oh, and let's not forget that, in addition to having lots and lots of ammo generously offered to you, you also receive a few awesome weapons such as a machine gun and a shotgun straight from the beginning of the game.  Another thing- when you pick up, for example, handgun bullets, you actually receive a LOT of ammo.  I believe in Resident Evil 2 each of those orange packs of ammo contained about 15 bullets.  In this game, you receive, and I'm honestly not kidding, around 40-50 bullets per pack.  Capcom made running out of ammo something you will NEVER have to worry about.However, in a few ways, the challenge has been increased from Resident Evil 2.  For example, remember how slow the zombies would walk up to you in Resident Evil 2?  You could practically stand next to them and blast away, and not have to worry about taking any hits.  In Nemesis however, zombies are almost RUNNING at you, forcing you to turn around and allow yourself room to shoot.  This is awesome, because you won't know which zombies are slow pokes and which ones are speed runners until you see one on screen.  Oh, and thankfully a quick turnaround button has been included.  Press down on the directional pad + the run button to turn right around.  Very convenient button.This game is also much scarier, not to mention much bloodier, than the previous Resident Evil game.  The last time around, only *sometimes* zombies would break a window and try to attack you (along with crows, dogs and other dangerous enemies).  In Nemesis, not only do windows break all the time, but zombies can pop out of cars, jump down from buildings, and other incredible things.  Many times you will be caught completely off guard when it happens, too.  This is awesome.I love the fact that you actually go back to the police station from the previous Resident Evil game for a short while.  You go back, grab some things, and then head back out to the streets again, where most of the game takes place.  Interesting how the music from the main hall of the police station has remained exactly the same, and it's also interesting when you notice certain places blocked off that were very important to access in the previous game with Claire and Leon as your playable characters.You're probably wondering why the game is called Nemesis.  Well, Nemesis is the name of an enormous, persistent and dangerous maniac that, throughout the game, constantly tries to attack you.  He can either smack you with his arm, or shoot rockets at you.  This doesn't make the game as hard as you probably think, because most of the time you can simply run away from him. However, when he appears, get ready to either fight or run away.  Don't stand around too long.  Decide quickly!I want to set the record straight about something.  People writing reviews for this game will probably tell you that Nemesis chases you around from the beginning to the end of the game.  That's not exactly true.  Yes, it's true he will be a problem for you until the very last level but, you should know that Nemesis does NOT follow you around for the entirety of the game- he just appears *sometimes*, messes with you by following you into rooms and whatnot, and then he disappears for a while.  If you haven't played this game yet, some reviewers will have you convinced that Nemesis will be chasing you around ALL the time -nonstop- and this is NOT true.Probably the biggest challenge comes in the way of puzzle-solving.  Now, think back to Resident Evil 2.  What did you have?  You had three or four puzzles to solve.  And they were EASY!  In Nemesis, let's see, you have 10-12 puzzles to solve, and some of them simply can't be completed unless you're either a really excellent puzzle solver, or you look the answers up on the internet.Yes, I'm talking about that famous, dreaded water puzzle near the end of the game.  Honestly, the best way to successfully finish the darn puzzle is to just look up all the possible solutions on the internet, and then write them down.  I found seven different answers so far.  Don't feel ashamed for having to look up the answers.  This is one of those rare nearly-possible puzzles that you shouldn't feel bad about for not being able to understand it.  Don't get me wrong- once you find out how to do the puzzle, it's easy.  But if you happen to be mostly familiar with Resident Evil 2, and think you can go through the game on your own without a walkthrough, looking up help will probably be the best idea when you finally arrive to this puzzle.  You'll be glad when it's finished!The game has a good storyline too (well, by video game standards anyway) with excellent, action-packed cutscenes located throughout the game.  If you consider yourself an action-type person, you will enjoy some of these cutscenes a LOT.  I guarantee it.  One of them has something to do with a helicopter, and you'll love watching it.Also, Resident Evil 3 includes an infinite amount of ink ribbons to save your progress, and you now also have an option to skip over dialogue conversations and cutscenes by pressing the select button.  You didn't have this in the last game.Overall, I give this game the highest possible score you can give, and that would be 5 stars.  It truly deserves it.  The fact that you have to face about TWICE as many zombies this time around, and the fact that you are basically outside roaming the streets the entire time are major, major highlights for the game.  These streets are deadly.  Pick up this game today, and have fun.
This game is awesome.  The plot is intriguing, the characters are realistic and it has some references to RE2.  It posesses some of the problems that the other RE games had: The controls still {bite} and the inventory system is pretty difficult to deal with at times (how does a key take up as much space as a shotgun?) but you get used to the controls and you just have to deal with the inventory.  A nifty new edition is the ability to make new and stronger ammo by creating various combinations of gunpowders.  You also become faced with situations where you have to decide what to do and your decision alters the course of the game (and in one case, which ending you see!) which was not seen in the first 2.  You are also stalked by one of the coolest looking monsters ever: the nemesis.  temporarily knocking this beast out can yield rewards that can make your life quite a bit easier, but be warned, it is no easy task.  Make sure that you are at least familiar with the plot of RE1 before you play this (RE2 never really comes up).  very fun and challenging.
So far, I've played 1, 2, and 3, and this is probably my favorite.Gameplay:10/10: This time you are Jill from the original. Lots of areas, like the city, police station, hospital, park, clock tower, it's a big game! You also have a dodge move. And, the stalker zombie, Nemesis, makes the game shine, he's fun to fight. You also sometimes make choices on events! And a new Mercanaries mode adds to the fun.Music:8/10: Your standard horror tunes. Gotta love Nemmy's theme.Sound:9/10: Decent voices this time, and cool sound.Overall, if you are looking for a top notch horror game, you gotta get this!
This game is very ominous and scary. I love the capabilities the characters have, and the scenery is spooky. It was one of the last PSone games, so the graphics are advanced for that platform. You can definately see the improvements between Resident Evil and Resident Evil 3: Nemesis. I love playing this on my PS2, and I'm not even getting the gamecube version of it because it's exactly the same as this version.
This was the third and one of the hardest installement in the series. Esepcially on hard mode. Here are some tips on how to beat this game on hard mode based of a speed run release early this year or late last year. Try to put on infinite help. If seeing how fast you can do this get the shotgun as soon as powerful and use it at close range when neccessary when fighting multiple normal enemies.  When attacked by nemissi run  away as fast as you can since he is programm to eliminate all sureviving mebers of star a millitray defense force created to expose the illegal umbrela corporetations experiment. The main character is injected with a virus but do to a cermun called thew T cell whgich delays the zombie fication program she still has control over here self. Get the shooty gun. At the end of the game you can hurt nemesis and after turning the power of in the final before the city is nuked of the map you have a choice of finishing nemsis of permantely if you have cheats one or can hit him fromn a distance with the shoot guns or the freeze gas and other weapons that you can find or unlock or if you have enough herbs to restore your health before you die. Running more will get you through the game faster and quicker which you want on hard mode if you don't have life super armoor or infinte shotgun shells or something like that. They don't mention nemsis  orgin as clear parts of this game were partly based on the second  movie resident evil reserection. Nemesis does not turn on the scientist that experiment on him at the last minute allow Jill a few second head start before the helicopter is shoot down and explodes in the movie but she survives. If you ernjoy this try the super hard resiodent evil four or the diono cris games
This game is extream fun and entertainment, let alone being an awesome game itself.  I felt once again like I was taking part in an adrenaline pumping movie once again, only this time, with more killing than ever before.  To write this review, I will split the game into three sections: what was good, what was bad, and what made me really love this game.Now I will list the goodies.  Well, to start off, just look at it; if you notice, the graphics are crisp and insanely detailed.  If that weren't good enough, the cinematics are also incredibly intense and clear, and they tell the story rather well.  What's good about the cinematics however is that they are very well directed and carry the mood perfectly.  The mood of this game is magnificant, it's like a blend of fear, anger and depression all at once.  The music supports these emotions, which is esspecially good when they focus on a single emotion.  Also, the sound is great, another advancement over the sounds of the previous entry.  I loved the voice acting and the new clicking sounds to the guns, as opposed to the old popping sounds of gunplay.  The gameplay is almost perfect as now you can auto-aim at the zombies, but not make it super-fake looking like it was in the original.The plot though, like RE2, is the backbone of the game.  The characters in this game are well done and all play roles in the story.  The story constantly increases the intensity as you are pitched up against bigger and badder dudes, esspecially Nemesis.  The opening was awesome, and this game has one of the most emotional endings I have seen for the PSX (not quite Final Fantasy level).However, there are setbacks to this awesome game, as I will now mention.  I will have to state that the storyline wasn't as gripping as in RE2, nor as complicated with multiple scenarios.  The cinematics, while the finest I have ever seen, are very short in length, so their overall effect isn't as high as I could have hoped.  Also, after beating the game so many times, this game is now to me very easy for I know Nemesis' weaknesses, and can easily exploit them (email me for free tips).  Also, the music isn't for the most part as good or scary or sad as in RE2.  However, some of the tunes at the very end are absolutely astounding and alone are worth purchasing the soundtrack (well, I did just for those three tracks).Now, I will tell you my favorite aspect of this game, my reason for giving it a five star rating without any hesitation.  The reason is that it satisfies my male cravings to kill and win.  Nemesis follows you around so much that instead of getting annoyed, you get ....  He constantly lowers your overall ammo amount and forces you to use up healing items.  As you fight him, you lust nothing more than to give Nemesis as much pain as you can give to him; you want him to die a horrible death.  In all the times you fight him, he passes out when you win, and that's the end.  Then, the second to last time you fight him, you can use acid faucets to melt parts of him away.  You can take off his arms, and even his head.  And the last time you fight him, you set up the puzzle, and while you wait, you can unleash whatever firepower you want on him; there's no passing out and allowing your escape, the last battle is a battle of REVENGE!  I loved that, and I think any player who likes thrilling and fun games would love this game too.
This one is set during the time when Claire and Leon are surviving the night in Raccoon City, now Jill Valentine resigns from S.T.A.R.S. and has to survive the city to try to escape but there are dangers waiting for her while she tries to escape such as Zombies, mutants and a brand new foe called " Nemesis", she joins up with a renegade and his crew on trying to survive her latest nightmare.Most excellent third entry using tons of action you can control, puzzles to solve, and ways to survive. This is also very scary, not for those who are light sleepers but a must play.
I bought this game 2 weeks after it came out,and was I impressed,the game had great features like bringing Jill Valentine back the RE games.This had good monsters like the zombies,dogs,likers and Nemisis.The only thing I did not like was how Nemisis kept stalking you 24 seven but other than that this was a very good game.
This game is if im right the last Jill Valentine Adventure which makes me mad but this game is excellent. Ive beaten it 17 times and still like it. You get to kill infected zombies use cool weapons and lots of other neat junk. And when you beat the game you get a game called Mercenaries. And you get a key for new dresses. The Goal in the game is to kill Nemeses who is a guenie pig infected with the G-Virus not T. The T virus is the one that makes people zombies. You will team up with 3 of Umbrellas BioHazard Forces Mercenaries and kill everything and risk everything to escape Raccoon City. But on the way, one of your umbrella buddies admits he is a supervisor and trys to escape alone betraying you and your friends. But he dies and so does someone else. This game is so much fun but you have to find everything on your own you cant just goto a shop and ask for ammo cause everyone workin there are zombies. Youll love this game i just know yall will.
Resident evil is one of the longest run PlayStation titles out there. It is really a shame that Gamecube is the exclusive RE platform now, because Playstation always did it best. Since th very birth of PS, there has been resident evil, and RE 3 does not dissapoint. RE 3 puts a great new spin on the series, through the arch super villan nemesis. Nemesis (as you can see from the box art) is a menacing tyrant, much like the tyrants in RE 2 out for the lead character Jill's blood. The great part about this game is the difficulty setting. While they really make no difference, it can give the new gamers to this title a bit more edge, since this is one of the harder RE titles.The thing that makes this game so adicttive to survival horror junkies like myself is the claustrophobic action, Throughout the game you have the idea in the back of your head that nemesis could be, and usually is, behind every corner. For some this good, for some this is bad. Some people enjoy walking through the city for hours and not having to worry about running themselves out of herbs and ammo every ten minutes. However, for most others it adds a great suspensful feeling to the game, and makes you feel more and more like your action do matter a great deal.As for the controls, no one will like them at first. It is sort of an acquired taste that most survival horror games have when ti comes to controls. Since all the camera angles are stationary (it makes the game look better so don't complain) this game utilizes the up arrow as always being forward. Some people seem to understand it better if you explain as being an RC car, whether face south, north, east or west, up wil always drive you forward. There realyl is no way around this configuration, it really is best to dive right in and get used to it, even if it means being massacred five minutes in a bunch of times.In conclusion, I would not pick this RE in particular for anyone new to the series. With the inclusion of nemesis, you are required to make split second decisions, and it will often confuse,a nd ultimately lead to the death of more novice players. If you are new to the series, try RE 2, RE 1 has a few problems present for newer players, but RE 2 is the perfect balance of horror, and simplicity. If your a veteran to RE, look no further for fun, just don't expect it to be a cake walk!
If you envy Resident Evil: Code Veronica envy? Don't worry about it, although the Dreamcast has Resident Evil: Code Veronica with it's flashy graphics and all, the game isn't due for quite some time I think. Although the PSX may not have DC's graphical capabilities they are still not bad, considering the DC is 128 bit, and the PS is only 32 bit. RE3 has some of the best looking graphics the PSX has ever rendered. The FMVs are perfectly compressed and they look better than those found in Final Fantasy 8. The game still uses pre-rendered backgrounds like all the other Resident Evils as if it was a ritual. The character detail is fantastically smooth and the main character Jill is very nicely detailed. She is complete with some of the finest looking skin touch ups any RE game has had. As for the frame rate, it always stays perfect and doesn't drop at all.Although some people might say &quot;been there shot that&quot; to RE3, they should still play it due to the new challenging puzzles the game has to offer. The weirdest thing in the game is that it's more of a prequel than a sequel. The game takes place 24 hours before the 2nd Resident Evil. It starts out with zombies attacking RPD members and ends up with all of the RPD officers dead, while there are still tons of zombies on the loose. You will eventually meet up with Barry from the first RE too. Now for those of you who find the Resident Evil series a little too hard, you'll be happy to know that when starting Resident Evil 3 and picking easy mode, you start out with an unlimited number of Ink Ribbons, and a hefty amount of ammo. You just have to get in the office room at the very beginning of the game. You will also come across some very familiar places in RE 3. Like the RPD conference room in RE2, and the RPD station it's self. Believe me this is by far one of the finest moments of the PSX, and is the best Resident Evil game ever (even better than Code Veronica for the DC). The game also features tons of dialogue, which most of takes place during an FMV sequence. Your main goal is to stop Nemesis who is basically the granddaddy of all the Zombies.The game has admirable voice acting to make the gaming experience feel better. It's voice acting is usually done correctly being very precise and on time so don't expect voice acting timing like in Silent Hill. You'll experience some great sounding explosions, and the gun shots sound unbelievably real. If you turn up the volume and play with the volume set on very high, when a zombie pops out you will probably need a diaper change, but you will get retribution by blasting his head of and hearing the clarity of sound effects.Those of you who have played the first 2 games (Director's Cut excluded) will already be very familiar with the controls. But those of you (all three of you) who haven't, will have a little difficulty with adjusting to the controls. Me on the other hand, I'm a huge fan of the series and I know the basic layout. But don't worry about it, you'll have time to practice your controls in the beginning.Wrapping up this review I can say that Resident Evil 3 is not only the best of the series but it is also one of the best PSX titles out there today along with the top quality titles like Final Fantasy 8, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater and Syphon Filter.9.3 / 10
this game is very fun, plays quickly and offer a lot new features, wish it was longer though but the game is a little more difficult than the previous resident evils but still fun.
Well Well Well Here it goesThis game has a just amount of creepy and Scary cutscenes but still i lowered the volume and but the hell outta this game.It gives ya a fright and takes u to the Zombie Kick Ass Game NOt the number 1 resident evil game (2s better) But it sure worth it to give you a fright
UNLIKE MANY OTHER CRITICAL GAMERS , I FOUND THIS TO BE ONE OF THE BETTER ''RESIDENT EVIL '' GAMES ! DON'T GET ME WRONG - THE FIRST TWO ARE VERY GOOD , BUT THIS BLOWS THEM AWAY ! YOU GET WAY COOLER WEAPONS , YOU CAN MIX YOUR GUNPOWDER AMMO , AND FIGHT TONS OF AWESOME MONSTERS ! NOT TO MENTION '' NEMESIS '' ON YOUR TAIL ALL THROUGH THE GAME AS WELL .. EVEN THOUGH IT MAY SEEM A SHORTER GAME , AND NOT AN ACTUAL SEQUEL TO THE SECOND ONE ; IT STILL HAS ALL THE ELEMENTS YOU EXPECT FROM A '' RESIDENT EVIL '' GAME ..SO TURN OUT THE LIGHTS , TURN UP THE SOUND , AND PREPARE TO BE SCARED TO SHEER ENJOYMENT . AND A CLOSING WORD TO THE WISE , STEER CLEAR OF '' SURVIVOR '' !! IT IS HORRIBLE AND NOT WORTH THE MONEY ONE BIT ..AND PICK UP  ''CODE VERONICA '' AS WELL . ANOTHER CLASSIC ONE IN THE SERIES ...
I got this game when it came out wich was around 1999 and 2000boy did this get me scared.  Jill returns in the game to escape a hellish nightmare that was once raccon city.  The game has a lot of twist and turns so it will keep you on the edge of your seat.  I was up till 2am and still wanted to play.  I managed to get it finished and over with in 3 days.  The puzzle solvingwas a bit tough near the end.  Nemisis was by far the best re creature ever made.  Just the way of his figure and look made me love this game.  The game is overall fun and a little chalenginga bit.  Jill will need to kill solve and trust her way into escaping raccon city.  I baught the game also on gamecube wich had no difference with this versian except that gc had a tad bit sharper graphics but that was because it was an import form the dreamcast versian so theres really no versian.  I recommend any versian for this game cause there all good and theres nodifference.  The cgI of the game was also the highest point of the game.So go out and get the game.  Its the best in the series.I also recommend the remake for gamecube and zero. AND 2 of course.
Dino Crisis was released way back in 1999 on the playstation. It was directed by the same director of the original Resident Evil. (and producer of the next 2)It came out at the peak of survival horror popularity but was more than just a clone of Resident Evil. Obviously if you're searching for this game 10 years later you must know something about it and the genre. This is probably a must buy if you like these types of games. I would say get Resident Evil 1,2,3 and Silent Hill first, however.Dino Crisis featured full 3D background, not prerendered ones like Resident Evil. It was much more advanced. You have a limited inventory but have different types of healing items and ammunition for each gun.And of course no zombies here...oh no, Dinos! Much faster than those old creepy zombies. The game environments were excellent and the music really added to the atmosphere. It's definitely in the "style" of a late 90s Resident Evil game, which is a good thing.Some came with a Resident Evil 3 Demo, which was cool, and Resident Evil 3 of course came with a Dino Crisis Demo. Pick this one up!
An awsome game!  The graphics are amazing, and what I found most impressive about this wonderful survival horror game is the fact that even the gameplay itself is like watching a movie.  Just seeing Regina walk down a darkened cellar as things that tear and claw human flesh are active about, is an impressive cinamatic event and almost an FMW sequence within itself.  The gameplay is fun, but at times a little frustrating, but almost every game is a little frustrating.  A lot of gore, and although I'm not into gore too much, I still thought that this game was an awsome event, and it's something that you don't wanna miss out on.  It's games like dino crisis which show off the wonderful and moneys worth of a playstation one, even if the system is considered a little outdated, which I don't think is true at all, since I believe that Playstation is still worth playing.  Get the game, it is so incredibly fun that it is unbelievable.
If ya likie dinosaurs, you will like this game. If you enjoy survivor horror games this is a good one to play.Keeps you going and the story line is good.
Steven Spielberg proved that Dinosaurs could be menacing and terrorizing and this game only adds to it. This game is similar to Resident Evil (also from Capcom), but more dangerous, because the dinosaurs actually run and jump over things to eat you, unlike sluggish zombies. Rather than stalking screen to screen like with Resident Evil, you can now run through a room and the camera will follow you, making for great chases (Dinosaurs chasing you), but unfortunately this leaves the player at a great disadvantage, because the camera is focused on the player, not the room, so Dinosaurs constantly get the edge lunging onto the screen. A huge plus to the game is the production, because hard work went into making this game and story excellent. The cinematic scenes to start with are of a higher quality and are very detailed, from breezing hair, brushing plant life to seeing the scales on a dinosaur. The dialog is not cheesy or over acted as in other survival horror games. There are nice visual details which no screen shot can show, such as the lighting effects are realistic, a light sources (computer screens, ceiling lights) illuminate on whatever the source hits. An unfortunate detail of this game is that whether you are bitten, clawed or pounced on, you can actually bleed to death without proper medical supplies. Another downfall of the game is that the item screen is not as neat and tidy as Resident Evil's screen. This new system is rather difficult to use. Finally, with the start screen there is no cinematic introduction that will tip anything in the game to the player.
dino crisis is a great horror game and its alot like resident evilstory 10/10the story is good but not as good as reident evil i dont like spoiling the story so you will have to buy the game and see it for your selfgameplay 10/10the gameplay is great not as scary as resident evil but still pretty damm scary the game engine is just like reident evil the game is basicly resident evil with dinasoursgraphics 10/10for a ps1 game the graphics are amazing everything is so detailed and real looking great graphicssound 10/10great sound and voice actingcontrolls 8/10the controlls are hard at first but once you get the hang of them its a breezeoverall a great game what are you waiting for go and buy it already
it would be unfair to pass this game by as another resident evil rip off because, although the basic premise is the same it is actually a very different game in every respect. And with the exception of 2,  dino crisis easily excels any of the resident back catalogue.The graphics are very good and use a different technique than RE allowing for much more user interaction. In RE the graphics are made up of pre-rendered backgrounds but DC uses polygonal characters and backgrounds to better effect and look very much like the areas they are trying to convey. This style of graphics works better than in RE and heightens the tension very well.The gameplay is more innovative than in the RE games with more puzzles and less emphasis placed on action. DC's weapons are reasonably feeble compared to those in RE but this works for the better. Instead of just splattering every enemy you come across you need to think of alternatives as shooting everything will soon either get you killed or make you run out of ammo fast. Throughout the game you have to use security fences to your advantage, running past a raptor when its back is turned, past a sensor and then turn on the fence, much better than just killing the raptor and more satisfying to boot.Enemies are also more intelligent than in RE games, as they would need to be, and will chase you through doors and follow your trail of blood. They are all also more agile than those in RE and so those encounters you cannot avoid are made even more visceral.The use of puzzles through the game is also well done and some are real brainteasers, they are also more inventive than in RE, such as finding the right combination of gases for a poisoned room to gain entry or searching corpses for fingerprints to make a keycard. Much better than RE's simple need key, find key approach.The enemies in the game is where it starts to slip a bit with not too many variations in there but this isnt much of a problem as dino encounters are not all that frequent anyway. The way the dinos are presented to you is good and the ways you are encouraged to beat them is refreshing. such as guiding a pterodactyl into a fan or electrocuting a raptor.The main boss, although it hd to be a T-Rex, is better a good alternative to the tyrants in the RE series and provides a constant menace much like in RE3 and always seems to be breathing down your neck. Even when you think youre safe he bursts through a window or finds some way of spoiling your day.The longevity of the game is pretty much what you expect of a game of this type, a fast play through can take approximately 3 hours but the first time took me about 5 1/2.The game length did surprise me though as at one point i was sure that i had finished the game but i was only half way through.There is significant replay value in the game with three endings and many different costumes to be unlocked and with the game made in such a way you can play through and experience it differently each time.Overall there is not much to gripe about with this game and i really cannot find much fault with it at all. Although the game length is expected with this sort of game it can seem annoying to others for it to be over so fast but with MGS the game is so enjoyable that this isnt a problem. Also hardcore blasters may complain about the puzzle orientated gameplay but if you ask me its far better this way.i'd give it a 95%
RARELY DOES A GAME COME ALONG THAT HAS  IT ALL!  LOTS OF ACTION, COOL DINOSAURS TO ANNIHILATE, NOT TOO HARD PUZZLES , AND LOTS OF FUN PLAYING IN GENERAL..AND A VERY GOOD PLAYSTATION TITLE TO BOOT!!I LOVED PLAYING THIS GAME A LOT , AND EQUALLY LOVED '' DINO CRISIS 2 '' AS WELL! LET'S HOPE THEY PUT OUT ANOTHER TITLE FOR PS 2 IN THE FUTURE .AND THAT IS AS GOOD IN ACTION AS THIS ONE , AND LOTS OF COOL DINOS LIKE THE SECOND ONE.THAT WAS THE ONLY FLAW WITH THIS GAME , NOT A GREAT AMOUNT OF DINOSAURS TO WIPE OUT .BUT THE ONES THEY HAD WERE COOL TO FIGHT .. TREX IS COOL , BUT I'M AGREEING WITH MY WIFE -'' RAPTORS '' RULE!!SO IF YOU ARE BORED , NEW TO PLAYSTATION , OR WANT A NEW RARE COOL OLD GAME TO PLAY.THEN LOOK NO FURTHER..GET IT TODAY!!!BUT I SUGGEST YOU GET THE GUIDE , AS IT IS A BIG HELP IN DIFFICULT AREAS ..PLAY ON- AND PLAY PLAYSTATION!!
When I first told my friends I thought about getting a Dreamcast they warned me that I should go with something else. But I found sega to be respectable in the past so I figured that I would go with this machine. I was not disappointed one bit and my friends were a little caught off guard I would go against their advice. But I thought that it was a very good machine and Its graphics just blew me away. I liked its play as far as Sonic Adventure, cause I've always liked those types of games. What also drew me to the Dreamcast was the ability to have Arcade games like House of the Dead 2 blasting out of my Television. So I found that the Dreamcast came to the appeal to me
The Sega Dreamcast is a great game machine.  I have been happier with this console than I ever expected.  If you are dying to get a Playstation 2 but weren't fortunate enough to pre-order one 9 months ago, definitely give the Dreamcast a try!  You won't be sorry.First of all, the games are great, they are unique, and they are fun.  Only on the Dreamcast can you play Resident Evil:Code Veronica, Crazy Taxi, Sega GT, Space Channel 5, Jet Grind Radio, Sonic Adventure, F355 Challenge, Virtua Tennis, Seaman, Samba de Amgio, Soul Calibur, or Power Stone 2.  NFL2K1 is an outstanding game, and most review sites consider it to be barely...  -barely-  ...behind its Playstation 2 equivalent.  Games like Tony Hawk, Soul Reaver, and Jedi Power Battles feature better graphics and other improvements over their PSOne cousins.  Also consider the huge titles just about to be released - Shenmue, Grandia 2, Skies of Arcardia, Quake 3, NBA2K1, Half-Life.  That still leaves other huge titles, like Virtua Fighter 4, Black and White, Phantasy Star Online, and Shenmue 2, for next year and beyond.  The Dreamcast has a great future!Chances are you have tried online gaming, but if you haven't, you don't know what you are missing.  Another human being makes a game intense, especially in a FPS like Quake 3 or Half-Life.  Right now, only the Dreamcast is online.  Join the Sega.Net ISP for 18 months and you'll get the Dreamcast for free.  Again, most Amazon shoppers probably aren't new to the internet, but if you are shopping for a family who is without a computer or internet connection, the Dreamcast is the cheapest, easiest way to get them online, surfing 'n emailin'.Finally, you will not be losing much by waiting a year to buy your Playstation 2.  For the cost of a PS2, you can buy a Dreamcast and 3 great games.  For a PS2, you'll shell out $300 plus tax, and still need to buy a game.  Next Christmas, anaylists predict that Sony will be selling the PS2 for $200, and by that time, the console will have many more great games out for it.
The Sega Dreamcast has a negative connotation of being a "medicore" system from its short life span, but you shouldn't let that stop you from purchasing one. There are plenty of great games that are actually worth buying, unlike its predecessor, the Sega Saturn. The Saturn is still a good system, but great games on it can cost $70 upwards such as Magic Knight Rayearth, Albert Odyssey, or the infamously priced Panzer Dragoon Saga that goes at a whopping $400! There are excellent titles on this system such as Sonic Adventure 1-2, Evolution 1-2, Grandia II, Skies of Arcadia, and quite a few more. Sure, it was not able to compete with the Gamecube, Xbox and PS2, due to financial trouble on Sega's part from poor sales of its predecessors, but is a plethora of great games worth playing on this system, and they are reasonably priced, since they had good print runs, despite the system itself being short-lived. The VMU was quite innovative for its time, considering that it can tell you many different things, such as the character's status, the amount of time spent on a particular game, and so on so forth. Though its life span was very short, much was accomplished in such a short amount of time, releasing games that were quite ahead of its time as they always had. Though this console never had the same level of success as its competitors, its worth picking up for its price, as it still has quite a bit to offer.
I'm a fan of the Dreamcast and spent countless hours playing Marvel vs. Capcom 2 back when it was new. Just an excellent machine with ideas ahead of it's time. I still think it would've sold better if it had a DVD drive but I guess things were tight for Sega back then or something. Anyways, I got this for collection purposes but it also has some great games. If you were to investigate you would find games that were made for the PS1 but also put on the Dreamcast. The Dreamcast would benifit from smoother textures and perhaps shorter loading times. Resident Evil 2 is an example but there were others as well before the PS2 came out.
Now doesn't that make The Dreamcast look inexpensive to you? It really is a Great Deal. DC has some of the best games ever made (Read: Shenmue or Soul Calibur or Worms, etc). It's well worth picking up, so I hope everyone who plays games does so.
I've had this system since it came out and i love it. For the short amount of time it lived it put out an awesome assortment of great games! I just refurbished mine to restore it back to it's original state. I love this thing!
9/9/99. The day the video game world was changed forever. Sega launched its Sega Dreamcast which had graphics far superior to anything else availible. It also had internet capability to play games over the net and could also play music CD's. The Dreamcast was very succesful in its first weeks on the market, selling more than 500,000 in its first week.But in January 2001 Sgea announced that due to low world-wide sales they would stop producig the Dreamcast and become a 3rd party developer for the other systems, never to make another Dreamcast system or any other system again. Thankfully, Sega would still support the Dreamcast until March 2002. In between those times is when the best Dreamcast games were released. NFL 2K2, NBA 2K2, NHL 2K2, Daytona USA, Crazy Taxi2 and Sonic Adventure 2 were all released between those lines. But here March 2002 has come and gone and the Dreamcast has passed on with the release of NHL 2K2.But that does not mean an any way that you should not buy a Dreamcast. You can get a dreamcast, 2 controllers, a memory card, NHL 2K2, NFL 2K2, NBA 2K2 Sonic Adventure 2, Shennmue, Daytona USA, Crazy Taxi 2 and 5 other games for the same price of a PS2 or XBOX, one controller, one memory card, and no games.The Dreamcast is a great deal at $50 and you can't go wrong with any games. I think the Dreamcast is the best deal on a video game system availible right now.
THis is a great system. SUre it's dead and there's no more games being made for this "ancient relic",but this thing rules.if you have about [$$$]burnin' a hole in your pocket you should grab this. It has some great games like Crazy Taxi, Crazy Taxi 2, Power Stone, Power Stone 2, some Street fighter games....SEGA was a GREAT company, it's a shame they were replaced with sony and [...]microsoft......what's the world coming to?
I recently acquired a Dreamcast, and what a system! I can't believe SEGA pulled the plug on this marvel. I at one time doubted the capabilities of this system until I gave it a try myself. The graphics, while not important to me, rival those of GC or PS2. I almost broke down and purchased one of the "big 3", but decided to save my money and go with the DC. I'm not breaking my neck to get an XBOX or Cube, not while I'm having fun with this system.As for games, you have tons to choose from, and no one is left out. Jet Grind Radio, Shemue, Crazy Taxi, Quake III, and I can go on and on. Most games are in the (...) range, so you can get a nice selection of games for what you would pay for one XBOX or Ps2. The controller, while it is big, is easy to use.So if you don't have the money to drop on a "next-gen" system, get yourself a Dreamcast while they are still available.You don't have to be left out of the gaming party due to low funds.
I'm not a hard core gamming person. I'm 25 years old and I work long hours behind a computer, I come home and I want something to relax to that's not going to require large amounts of my time.The DreamCast fit the bill, with a great price and game library right out of the local arcade.Why buy a DreamCast so late in the game? Because although it's over a year old, if you judge a game console based on both  it's technology and it's game library, the DreamCast is the best console on the market.The price point is also outstanding, especially since you get a 56k modem and an Internet web browser with the system (there are many games that are on-line ready as well). You are not tied to a Sega ISP either, that makes this the most inexpensive sit-top Internet appliance on the market.When it comes to games, I like arcade games. If you like arcade style games, Sega makes some of the best and here you have perfect (I mean perfect) arcade games. You can also buy many of the first generation games for $20 or less.The PlayStation 2 is another machine to consider, IMHO the PS2's current crop of games do not justify it's heavy price tag, also if you have a DVD player on your TV, you are wasting money buying the PS2's DVD player (since the DVD has proven to be a failure for software delivery). The DreamCast has a very powerful graphics processor, it's inexpensive and it's quality control department works overtime to make sure only quality games are released. The PS2 will eventually beat it out, there are games like &quot;Metal Gear Solid 2&quot;, but that's not relivant when you consider that PlayStation will always be at a disadvantage when it comes to great arcade style games. Sure they have Namco and Williams, but so does Sega (see dremacaast versions of Soul Calibur and Ready 2 Rumble), and Sega has their own brand that makes some really incredible games that are unbeatable in fun, but untill PS2 catches up DreamCast should be your #1 pick.Buy one.
With this being the 10 year anniversary of the announcment of the death of the Dreamcast I thought I'd write a eulogy. It started out so right, it seemed Sega was going to be able to fix the errors of years past, make the comback that they deserved, and reclaim their title as king of the arcade. With launch titles such as Sonic Adventure, Soul Calibur, Crazy Taxi, it seemed almost too good to be true. It had revolutionary features. The VMU was the first, which was a handheld system and memory card that provided a LCD screen for the controller, that changed based on game and context. Next was the built in modem, it allowed not only internet access and web browsing straight out of the box, but also supported online play, a first for consoles. It had the first MMO, phantasy star online, free to play. But it also had other games that were amazing, Project Seaman, with its voice recognition through the microphone, Jet Grind Radio, which was the first to feature cell shaded graphics, Shenmue was the first to feature a massive open ended world, and the countless acade perfect ports of games like Marvel vs. Capcom 1+2, Street Fighter Alpha 3, and Hydro Thunder. It was the last Japanese and Arcade based system. It had everything a  gamer could ever want, it was affordable, reliable, inovative, connected, revolutionary, powerful, and had a massive library of games from every genre. It had core and casual games, single and multiplayer, and had online and offline games. Its such a shame that Sega made all the right moves but no one cared. If you conisder yourself a core gamer, you owe it to yourself to look at this system one more time.Farewell Dreamcast you are missed, you may be dead, but your games live on.Rest in peace.
It's true, I finally broke down and bought the dreamcast.(I had owned just the PS One) I'm a big sports game player and I simply couldn't turn down the sports bundle I got... NFL 2k1,NBA 2k1,WS baseball 2k1, and the &quot;dream&quot; for 100 bucks!! The other 128-bit systems out can't come close to the dreamcast's prices(memory cards/xtra controllers are affordable also!). Pro's include small size, sweet graphics &amp; super quick load times, my sole Con has to do with the noise she makes while on, a tad loud I think. However, I feel it's an overall great value for the money and it will hold me over until systems like the PS2 &amp; XBOX become more affordable....SEGA!!5 Star Value for sure.
this console had a short spotlight life. it was king for 19 months, but sadly the PS2 killed it. i wanted one back in 1999, but sadly, i had a N64. sad isnt it?anyway, it has a LCD memory card, with buttons and mini games, a 1.3 GB CD capacity, and a revolutionary controller and internet browser. i reccommend this to anyone with a TV and money.
I've always liked SEGA because of the great games they provided us with.  Who would have thought a game about a running blue hedgehog (Sonic The  Hedgehog) would be so fun?  Or that a worm in a power suite (Earthworm Jim)  would be so challenging?  And after all these years of us having to deal  with lousy 3D games that have no deapth (Most of them 3D killers of 2D  classics), SEGA finally rises to show us what games SHOULD be like!  &quot;Sonic Adventure&quot; is probibly the first 3D game I liked that was  originaly 2D (Very unlikely that happens)!  Plus with some of the best  games on the system that's out there, I see a bright future for SEGA!  So  what about the the other companys (Nintendo, Sony)?  Well I was for years a  big Nintendo fan, untill they made the Nintendo 64.  What a waste of a  system.  I see promise for their Gamecube system, but I'm going to be  cautious about it after what happened with their last system!  And Sony is  trash!  Always has been, always will be!  With that said this is the system  to buy!  Happy Birthday Dreamcast!!!
SEGA did not recieve neary enough credit for this beautiful machine.  Games like Shenmue, the Virtua sports lineup, and Soul Calibur were all so brilliantly supported on this transition system.  Few realize that this game console came long before its time, as it was revolutionary in its gaming library.  Seaman, Jet Grind Radio, Chu Chu Rocket, Phantasy Star Online, Echo the Dolphin, and other unique games were simply so pioneering that no one really wanted to play them.  Everything about this system and its games drip with innovative content.  This was the first system to use Cell Shading, a coloring method that has become popular these days with games like Viewtiful Joe, XIII, and Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker.  The SEGA Dreamcast needs some love and appreciation.  If you have one sitting around your house, collecting dust, brush it off and play it a little, and if you don't own one, pick one up and try it out.  I can guarantee a very unique gaming experience.  Best of all, the games on this system are extremely cheap.  Just give it a try.
It is simply breathtaking, when it first came out it was so ahead of it's time some didn't beleve it could to what it was advertised to do. Unfortunetly it is becoming obsolete, but it was a fanaly worthy of Sega. The DreamCast came out before the N64, but it is almost as capible as the GC, and it rivals the PS2.There becomeing very hard to find, so if you own one of these, consider yourself lucky and hang onto it. In a hundred years it could be worth millions to some electronics antique shop&lt;laughs&gt;.
I guess I'm just a Sega fanboy underneath it all, I've always been loyal to Sega since the days of the Genesis, and I've owned the Sega CD, 32X (I want my money back on that), the Saturn, and the Dreamcast.  Now recently I bought [another brand], and guess what, I still play my Dreamcast more...  What killed the Dreamcast was that it was too ambitious for its own good.  Online play made the system one of a kind...  Now the Dreamcast wasn't a bad system at all.  Like I said, the online play elevated the system to new levels, and the library of games (most of them were exclusive...) the system was trouble free and had one of the best designed controlers on the market.  Shockingly original games...plus the best sports titles on any system made the Dreamcast one of the best systems ever made, and I for one will miss it...
This is the best Sega system ever, the game population grows for it every week, I have only played four games on it so far, but the games I have  played and own are real gems.
after the fantastic Saturn,  sega took a break and started to develop a system to go head to head with Sony's upcoming Playstation 2 system.the result was the sega dreamcast, and it was incredible.  the Dreamcast was a marvel of processing power and high quality graphics.. which to the average gamer means ..a powerhouse in consoles, and more important  excellent games to come your way.the  dreamcast had a unique analog controler similar to the N64  but it felt better in the players hands and was more comfortable.  i prefered this controller myself.you could also have internet access  just like the sega saturn..which was also a plus..keep in mind  this is way before Microsoft's  xbox live service and sony's playstation online network  folks!the graphics were stunning..games like marvel vs capcom,  sonic, air force delta, spawn, virtua fighter amoung others  really stand up even today.this all changed when the sony playstation 2 came out  then  sega once again felt sonys bite..but they didnt give up  the made extra add ons and more exclusives but this still wasnt enough...all said and done though..the Dreamcast  was the final entry into segas console fleet..and it was a GREAT addition.. its still fun to play with today..if your a collector  i highly recomment grabbing one..ITS THINKING....love that tagline they used :)
Well, I'm a little embarrassed to say that I just got a Dreamcast about a week ago,but still have vivid memories of all the commercials that were played and watching my babysitter at the time play it constantly until the PS2 came out. I'm going to review the system in parts because there is just so much to cover that it needs to be broken down.The System: The Dreamcast itself is very small,it's not as long as the original PS1 but it sits a little bit higher. Overall it looks very nice,Pictures don't do it justice,it needs to be seen in person. The Dreamcast's power light is also very unique,instead of being the usual green color,its orange (it's supposedly a very lucky color in Japan.) It also has 4 controller ports,and the usual hookup plugs in the back.The Controller: The controller is sort of a hit and miss,it looks really cool. But it's lacking in the button department,it has 4 face buttons,one analog stick,D-pad,and 2 triggers. Now the problem is the Dreamcast controller needed either another analog stick or 2 more shoulder buttons. I have a very good feeling if the Dreamcast would have been in the market longer it would have seen a redesigned controller. Not the worst controller,but not the best,It gets bonus points for possibly being the coolest looking controller I've seen.The Visual Memory Unit (VMU): The VMU is quite possibly the most unique memory card I have ever seen,it has a screen a D-Pad,sleep button,mode button,and 2 face buttons. While your playing a game it displays either what game your playing,your health,or to choose plays in football,every game does different things. Some games even have mini games you can download onto the VMU. There are some downsides to the VMU and the number one thing is battery life,it takes 2 watch batteries that cost $5 a piece,here is the kicker,they don't last long at all! It would have been smarter to just make the VMU use 2 AA batteries instead,they are much cheaper and would have probably lasted longer (rechargeable would have lasted much longer). And the number 2 downside is the memory on the card is small! Only 200KB available for use (there is a way to unlock 44KB more) if your playing a sport game it can take as much as 164KB! Most games will only use 4-60KB's depending.Games:This is a high point for the DC,at the time it had some of the best games for all genres listing them all would take up way to much space. It is unfortunate that most of the Dreamcasts best games have been ported to either PS2,Xbox,or GC. But there is something about playing the original that makes the games seem so much better on Dreamcast. I'm going to list the pros and cons of the system:Pros:+You can still buy NEW Dreamcasts for $100+Controllers/VMU's are a dime a dozen+Games are cheap and can still be bought NEW+Very nice design+Reliable as long as you play legit software (Tip:CD-R's will burn out your Dreamcast laser)+Awesome memory cardCons:-VMU's use expensive batteries that don't last-Controller needs more buttons
i can still remember the day i had one of these bad boys. this system, i believe, was the start of those shiny 3-d graphics that is in the new systems of today. the system came out i think in 98 or 99 and is still a good system to own. my pops bought it for me brand new from, at that time, funcoland. (yeah, you remember that video game store that used to rip people off, now replaced by gamestop. you probably still remember the song too)i forget what my first game was but i know i owned crazy taxi and hydrothunder at one point. loved both of those games. very fun. liked hydro thunder the most because of the way the boats "transformed" when you went over a power up. the graphics were amazing at that time and the games where very good.i even had a gameshark for it that you plugged into the controller. i didnt per say like the controller to much (the xbox seems to have modified the sega's controller a lil' bit, especiall considering the fact that the original xbox had memory units you plugged into the controller itself just like the dreamcast controller) the visual memory unit was probaby the best and is still the best memory card ever made in my opinion on any system from any year. the fact you can save and still play those games on it that you save is just amazing. no system has done that before and to tell you the truth probably never will since they all seemed to use hard drives now.i do remember some type of game disc that came out sometime in mid to late 99 or 2000 that you can use to play your playstation one games on the dreamcast. the man that created the disc had, i think, just one game and that was gran turismo 2. i had that disc and remember the graphics on gt2 and  how so much more improved they were.the creator said on his web site that he was trying to get other stores to participate and sell his product if he can sell enough of them but that never happened. i remember going to his web site and seeing sonic the hedgehog standing by a tomb stone weeping at the death of the product he was trying to create.then the unthinkable happened. the dreamcast itself died. i think it was only in production for a year or so before sega pulled the plug. very sad situation. and to think that the dreamcast was on its way to become something big. but all isnt lost, maybe the dreamcast paved the way for playstation and xbox to be where they are today, maybe, i dont know. i kept my dreamcast for another year and traded it in for the ps2 in 2001 and traded my ps2 in for the xbox in 2002. i never forgot about the dreamcast, though, and how great of a system it was to me and seeing this on amazon not only brings me back to when video games where really starting to get good but also just bring me back to my child hood. i think i was like 13 or something. but to me this was one of the best game systems.
The Sega Dreamcast was/is the last system that Sega released. If I remember right, the Dreamcast is a 128bit system. The Dreamcast system also came out in black (Sports edition) which both versions are cool! The dreamcast was ahead of it's time in my opinion. Sega implemented the 4 player ports built into the console, like N64. Sega also did something that Nintendo eventually became known for. Which is making a controller that seemed/seems gimmickey. The controller has a hollowed out mid-section, which has a port for for a memory car. The N64 had already had the memory card slot in their controller. However, the Sega Dreamcast controller had a open space, which would allow gamers to use a special memory card (VMU card). The special memory card had a screen & buttons on it. Which would allow you to see things on the screen that wouldn't not appear on your TV screen. For example, if you we're playing NBA 2K, and you slam dunked....The screen would have a animated reaction to the dunk! The screen would also show you your in game stats,ect... It was a very cool idea. The Dreamcast is not a HD system. It has the RF and AV capabilities. However, a cool thing with Dreamcast is that there is a device (VGA box) that allows you to hook up the Dreamcast to it, & then the VGA box to your LCD/plasma TV's & it comes in super sharp! You have to buy the VGA box seperately & most to my knowledge are not Sega brand. I recommend getting itto play Dreamcast on the current TV's! The Sega Dreamcast had many awesome titles to play. Some of the best games for this system are:Marvel vs Capcom 1 & 2Giga Wing 1&2Resident Evil 2 (it's rare)OuttriggerNBA 2K1Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1&2GTA 2Soul CaliberPlasma SwordSonic AdventureExpendablesReady 2 RumbleSega RallyVirtua Fighter 3Crazy TaxiAlso I recommend buying the extension cords for your controllers. It's like an extra 6FT of cord!There are other great-good games for this system, which I can't think of at the moment. If you have yet to own a Sega Dreamcast, but love collecting various systems, I recommend getting one! The Dreamcast is a classic game system. Which is still fun to play to this day! Long live Sega & all other gaming!!!!
The late Sega Dreamcast was a grand to look at.  It was the best Sega had ever done and that's saying alot.  Sega went out with a bang with this masterpiece of a system.  This is the first system to also introduce Online Gaming.  That's right the Sega Dreamcast started with the Online.  Sega was on a role with this game when it first hit stores for about 199.99 and the system was worth it.  It was just breath of fresh air.It first hit stores in the U.S in September of 1999 and Sega was on a role with such titles as Sonic Adventure and Soul Calibur but the Dreamcast Ultimatley fails with not enough Sales because of the oh so popular Playstation 2.  Ps2 was beating the DC really bad which cause Sega to lose lots of sales but sega wouldn't go down with a fight as they bring some of the best games ever to kick The ps2 out of buisness but with lots and lots of advertising utlimatley...The Dreamcast had bin defeated.  Later some were between the year of 2000-2001 Sega announces that they will stop making DC and stop making Games for it and become a 3rd party game team.It was a sad fact but true...Sega had finally stopped and Ps2 had won but like most reviewers said....Popularity...Popularity was the cause of the Dreamcast demise.  Even today with all the games out on Playstation 2 it still doesn't beat Dreamcast's feel and wonder of what the games were like.  Dreamcast may have died but it will still live on as one of the greatest consoles to ever grace the earth.  The graphics were ahead of it's time and so were the games.  The gaming Library for Dreamcast it just awesome and I can name a few Classic must own titles..Sonic AdventureJet Grind RadioSoul CaliburShenmueSword of the BerserkChu Chu RocketSpace Channel 5Sonic Adventure 2Power StonePower stone 2and other great DC games.The dreamcast will still be one of the best games ever and that's all about it...Note*  The Dreamcast is pretty hard to find now and so are it's games so Amazon is the best place to find the games...  This system is brilliant and plays brilliant games so get it!!!!Lates
My two favorite game systems both had short lives and a great software library (partially due to the fantastic imports available from Japan and elsewhere). They were also both made by Sega. The Sega Saturn and the Sega Dreamast. Even when the Dreamcast was set to launch, people feared it wouldn't last long. Ultimately they were proved right. Sony and Nintendo (not to mention Microsoft) were just too big, and their advertising too effective. And let's not forget one of the hard and fast rules of commericalism: original ideas don't usually make money. Let's face it, most of the games to come out for these new game systems were copy-cat versions of previous games (don't get me started on the sequel subject, just how long do we have before Tony Hawk 22 and Tomb Raider 13 come out anyway?). But unlike the game systems that now rule...Dreamcast was something different.Perhaps the greatest strength of the Dreamcast was along its undoing. Sega wanted to rule the game market of the future. They invested a fortune in making the Dreamcast online capable. Every dreamcast came with a built-in modem (take that Nintendo adn Sony). Out of the box, the Dreamcast was internet ready. And the games that were released over the life of the Dreamcast...man. But like I said, original games are slow to be accepted, and more than that, a lot of the games that were released needed to have the bugs ironed out and the gameplay adjusted. Sega was just in too much of a hurry. And as many undoubted know, the console world STILL doesn't seem to be ready to embrace the internet (I have NEVER seen anyone play a console game online).But if all this is so, why does this system deserve five stars? Why is it one of my favorite game systems? Why do I play it more than my PS2? Because for everything that Sega did wrong, they did so much right. Take controller ports. The system supports FOUR! That means that the PS2 version of Tennis 2K2 supports two players, while the Dreamast version supports four! But the real kicker is...The Dreamcast has more great games for it than any system ever except perhaps the Saturn. Name any kind of game. Sega has something for you. Like multi-player strategy? Worms Armageddon and Worms World Party. Like fighting games? Soul Calibur (the greatest fighting game ever made). Like arcade racing games? Sega Rally 2 and Hydro Thunder, both as arcade perfect as it gets. Want a shooter? How about the import of Ikaruga? How about Mars Matrix? It goes on and on. The first cell-shaded game was on Dreamcast (Jet Grind Radio). The first 3D sonic game (Sonic Adventure). Not to mention that many great Playstation games came out in superior form on Dreamcast (Spiderman, Hydro Thunder, Worms, Tomb Raider, Dino Crisis ect).Really I ask you, what more can you want from a game system? You can buy one for less than $50.00. The games set you back $5.00 or less in many cases. And a whole heck of a lot of them are better than what's out or coming out for the game systems everyone else is playing. This is truly a game system for the hardcore, the master game player, the collector, and even the person on a budget. I'm never getting rid of mine. I hope you buy one now and come to the same conclusion.
Sega Dreamcast isn't state-of-the-art anymore, but this was the foundation of our modern game consoles. It introduced complex online gaming. It showed what a 3D game could really look like. And, most important of all, it was fun and creative. Although it lasted less then a year (thanks to stupid ugly Sony and their clunky uncreative Playstation 2) in North America, it got a lot of crazy games onto the market. Sonic Adventure is a great game that set the base of who Sonic would be in the modern era. Yet this time Sega didn't stop at Sonic. Crazy Taxi, Jet Grind Radio, Chu Chu Rocket, and a ton of sports games and RPGs all made the Dreamcast the place for creativity. Not only that, Dreamcast introduced the VMU, a Gameboy-style memory card with a monochrome screen that displayed game information and occasionally even let you play games on it.In conclusion, while Dreamcast was short lived (in America anyway) it introduced a lot of concepts used in todays console and has a lot of fun games. They are more durable then a Playstation 2, but not quite as durable as Gamecube, and they occasionally have a problem where they don't read discs (but I think it is fixable). Durability aside, it is a great console that Sega put their heart into making.
Dreamcast has excellent games that you can now purchase for bargain prices. To name a few - Power Stone 2, Project Justice, Vanishing Point, Vigilante 8.Plus its the single ONLY system that has the year 1999 version of Soul Calibur.For the price of one XBox system, you can purchase 10 great dreamcast games!
I know this review is just a few years too late but I felt compelled to write it.  I can't understand how the Dreamcast failed, I own a PS2, XBOX and a Gamecube and considering the amount of time it was out for it outperformed all of those consoles for classic games.  I mainly use my PS2 now, mainly because it has basically full third party support, i'm not interested in performance and specifications, just the number of good games available.  Nintendo are extremely overrated, and I consider my Gamecube a waste of money and I have a few great Xbox games but I wouldn't reccomend it over the Dreamcast.In just a couple of years the following classics started out on Dreamcast:  Resident Evil Code VeronicaVirtua Tennis 1&2Jet Set RadioMetropolis Street RacerShenmue 1&2Phantasy Star OnlineSkies Of ArcadiaHeadhunterthat is just to name a few, and it is more amazing considering that the Dreamcast received such little third party support.  It just goes to show that if you dont get support from EA, and their rubbish sport games, which just have a new number on the end every year, then a console can't suceed, sad but true.
The DreamCast is a truely remarkable game system with online support and tons of great games. It is said that by the end of March Sega will stop making them and develop only games. If this is the case which it seems to be, you best get one now as games like Resident Evil: Code Veronica, any StreetFighter you need, Shenmue, Grandia 2, Skies of Arcadia, Ecco the Dolphin, Crazy Taxi, Phantasy Star Online, Sonic Adventure 1 and 2, and many many more are excellent games.
9/9/99 is a date that'll live on forever in the hearts and minds of gamers, as it gave birth to one of the greatest game consoles in existence. The Dreamcast not only paid homage to the past with its incredible library of arcade titles, but it was also a system that pushed the limits and was way ahead of its time. The Dreamcast offered crisp and amazing visuals, which are even more amazing through VGA. In addition to system's technical power, it also offered things like the VMU, online capabilities, etc. The Dreamcast was an absolute powerhouse. Sadly, despite its incredible launch and impressive short lifespan, the Dreamcast fell victim to the hype from the Playstation 2. Instead of buying the Dreamcast, many decided to hold off and pre-order the much anticipated Playstation 2. However, despite the Playstation 2's massive game library, I believe the Dreamcast is the vastly superior system.Shenmue? Check! Shenmue II? Check! Crazy Taxi? Check! Crazy Taxi 2? Check! Sonic Adventure? Check! Sonic Adventure 2? Check! Jet Grind Radio? Check! Illbleed? Check! D2? Check! Omikron: The Nomad Soul? Check! Rippin' Riders? Check! Propeller Arena? Check! Skies of Arcadia? Check! Under Defeat? Check! Border Down? Check! Ikaruga? Check! Zero Gunner 2? Check! Mars Matrix? Check! Triggerheart Exelica? Check! Castle Shikigami 2? Check! Psyvariar 2? Check! Last Hope: Pink Bullets? Check! Fast Striker? Check! Trizeal? Check! Karous? Check! Chaos Field? Check! Gunbird 2? Check! Gigawing? Check! Gigawing 2? Check! Zombie Revenge? Check! House of the Dead 2? Check! Typing of the Dead? Check! ChuChu Rocket? Check! Cosmic Smash? Check! Seaman? Check! Confidential Mission? Check! Daytona USA 2001? Check! This is just the tip of the iceberg.There are still games coming out from independent developers. Both GunLord and Sturmwind are announced to arrive sometime soon.Folks, the "Dream(cast)" still lives.
dreamcast is the greatest system... too bad it died early....only the good die young! see if you can get your hands on one today!
Graphics: 8/10 - The characters can be a bit see-through, but the backdrops are fabulous and it's extremely clear when you've done a Judo chop to someone!Sound: 9/10 - Great fist fighting, realistic sounds and cool music brings Tekken 3 blazingly alive in the sound area.Value: 10/10 - Do not read this review further if you have not yet played, bought or borrowed Tekken 3. It is well worth the money and you'll play it for ages! Not a game you get sick of easily.Overall: 10/10 - Lots of things to do, lots of martial arts moves to learn, heaps of blood, a barrel of fun - Tekken 3 is one of the most entertaining, overall amazing PlayStation games to come out in a long time!
It all starts here, well, it was here where i truly fell in love with Tekken. I love T2, but, T3 was ...&quot;holy cow&quot; moves and graphics. For those that are starting with Tekken..this game should be your first.
I first played this game at an arcade at a ski lodge........I didn't go skiing that afternoon.I immediately purchased it after I got my PS1, and it captured me.  I must say it is a fine piece of martial arts work.  Totally get this game or at least try it.  It is a great improvement from its predecessors.  If you didn't like those 2, just loooook at thiiiiis.  It is niiiiiiiiice.  Try iiiiiiiit.
I played this game when I was younger. I bought it, so I could play it again. I miss these old PS1 games.
Tekken 3 is the best 3D fighting game on the Playstation.  The only game that comes close to Tekken 3 is Soul Blade.  The graphics on this Playstation version suffer a little from the translation, but the gameplay is faithfully intact.  There are plently of fighters to play as from the start, and even more to earn as you beat the game multiple times.  The only feature which may sour gamer's experiances with this game is the unbalanced play control of a few of the characters.  Even though every character has a few high damaging moves of their own, Eddy Gordo and Hwoarang are easily the cheapest characters in the game.  A simple button mashing on the kick buttons with these characters can send them into a fury of kicks that can kill an opponent in just a few hits.  This is very frustrating when you've spent time practicing complex combos only for someone to come along and get the same results by just mashing on buttons at random.  Although with experience one can learn to block and counter those moves, so it's not too big of a problem if you practice.  Aside from that, Tekken 3 is near flawless. I highly recommend it to anyone who has a Playstation.
AFTER A FRIEND LENT ME THIS GAME , I WAS TOTALLY HOOKED ! I WENT RIGHT OUT AND BOUGHT IT , AS WELL AS '' TEKKEN 2 '' . EVERY CHARACTER HAS THEIR OWN UNIQUE FIGHTING STYLE , AND THE COMBOS ARE NOT HARD TO MASTER AT ALL . PLUS THERE ARE MANY DIFFERENT MODES OF GAME PLAY TO CHOOSE FROM . AS WELL AS NEW COSTUMES AND CHARACTERS TO UNLOCK . AND IT'S FAST PACED TOO ! JUST LIKE ''SOULBLADE ''!! SO IF YOU WANT A GREAT GAME , REASONABLY PRICED , THAT 'LL HAVE YOU PLAYING FOR HOURS ON END ; THEN GO OUT AND GET IT ! EVEN IF IT'S THE ONLY FIGHTING GAME YOU GET ! AND ALSO GET '' SOULBLADE '' AND '' TEKKEN TAG TEAM '' FOR THE PS 2 . FIGHTING WAS NEVER SO MUCH FUN !!!
I know, Tekken Tag was like an improvment, but Tekken 3 is just plain out orginal and stuff.Pros:PSX orginal graphics never looked so goodvery addictive gameplayNice soundtrackNice selction of charavertsBeautiful FMVsTekken Ball is awsomeCons:Game evanually runs out of funThe game is pretty easy(after playing Tekken Tag on ultra hard all the time)Where's Lee and Kazuya?Not many cons, so it's definitly a must buy for any fan of fighting games.
The dreamcast is dead, no more consoles from sega, great games lost? Not neccasirly you can get them on the gamecube too. However I was hear to write a review.This game is fast action, and exploration, and questing. There are missions you have to unlock and sub missions you must complete plus you can switch between characters. And each characters levels differ, like tails racing sonic or knuckles finding shards, this was quite possibly the best platformer ever made. It puts mario to shame and I hope the known world undesrtands this!
9/99/99. The day the Sega Dreamcast was launched with a few dozen titles available at launch. One of them was Sonic Adventure. I have played every Genesis Sonic game for hours and hours and have been a huge fan of Sonic ever since. I was very excited when I got this game with my Dreamcast.I started to play with Sonic. The game was awesome. Then I realized you could play with five other characters. Tails, Knuckles, Big, the robot, and Amy. Each character has 3 or so levels for each of them and are also very different for each character. Each character is very fun to play as especially Sonic, Knuckles and Tails. Surprisingly Big and the robot are very fun to play with. But Sega should never have created such a dumb character as Amy. She is very annoying, hard to play with and is very hard to control as well.This game has a few flaws though, like falling through the floor for no reason at all. Also, the camera angles are not the way you want them to be very often and this game is too easy on all levels for almost all of the characters. Sonic Adventure is also kind of short.Even with these few flaws, Sonic Adventure is a great game, that will keep you playing for hours on end having a ton of fun. If you're a real Sonic fan do yourself a favor and go buy this game and Sonic Adventure 2 right now!
This is the game that started it all for the Dreamcast.  Sonic got a new look and a whole new level of appreciation.  To bad after Sonic Adventure 2 things started to turn sour as he got ported to other Systems.Almost a decade later and I still have my appreciation for this title.Yes not everything is perfect, but it's still way above average.If you never played it before, please pick it up if you have a Dreamcast.  You will not be dissapointed at all and it is well worth the $10 you will spend for it.
i never recieved my game so i cant say but i used to love playing this good game to bring out child memories
What a lot of people don't realize was that this game set a new standard for 3D video games. It lets you play a different game with each character and explore the world of Sega's Sonic world. The graphics and music are awesome and the game is challenging but never impossible. Sega should put a lot of time into Sonic Adventure 3 if there ever will be one.What I like the most about this game is that like Super Mario 64 before it Sonic Adventure is one of those games I never get tired of no matter how many times I beat it. The story is great and the cinema like sequences are awesome. Yes, the camera angles can get frustrating at times and the newer,slightly more graphically detailed Game Cube version with it's bonus Game Gear games may be a better buy according to many people but it doesn't match that special nostalgic quality you get from playing Sonic Adventure on the Dreamcast.Soul Calibur may be the greatest multiplayer game on the Dreamcast but Sonic Adventure is the best single player game for the Dreamcast and my choice for best overall Sega Dreamcast game.
Goodbye to 2D worlds and hello to 3D environments! Sonic and other returuning faves such as Tails, Knuckles, and Amy with new roles such as E-102 and Big the Cat (or Biggums as I like to call him). Now Sonic is putting a bigger emphasis on exploring in new worlds. The plot is easily one of the best! The dialouge between these characters are very good and not chessy one bit! Here the plot:Chaos 0 is released from the Master Emerald by Eggman and he feeds on the Chaos Emeralds. Chaos 0 is upset by an earlier experience but telling it would be a spolier. Six characters has a different storyline but in the end they all intersect into one huge battle. *SPOLIER* Chaos 0 turns into Chaos 7 and turns the town into his own personal waterpark. Sonic absorbs the posistive power of the emeralds and turns into Super Sonic to defeat the humongous, Chaos 7, and the fate of the world lies in the hand of Sonic the Hedgehog*SPOLIER*! Yuji Naki is the creator of the supreme hedgehog franchise. The only ... person is Big the Fat. The niggling fishing game must be removed! It's the worst thing on the planet! Thank God, Biggums is nowhere to be found in Sonic Adventure 2:Battle!
Sonic Adventure is an amazing game for the Sega Dreamcast in 1999 this game is a success to the 2d Sonic games but now with added story.Characters: Sonic adventure is where we play as any of the characters starting with Sonic then Tails and Knuckles with better abilities for example Knuckles can dig under ground. Amy Rose returns from her Sonic Cd debut with abilities that require her hammer. Big the cat has nothing interesting except for fishing.Then there's Gamma Dr Robotniks newest robot with abilities. When u beat all the character stories unlock the Super Sonic story.Story:  On Angel Island, an island floating above Earth. The Knuckles Tribe's ruler Pachacamac plans for world domination. His daughter Tikal enters a shrine, discovering the Chaos Emeralds and the Master Emerald, a group of mysterious emeralds with unlimited power. She befriends a peaceful entity known as Chaos, the guardian of the emeralds, as well as the Chao. Despite warnings from Tikal, Pachacamac and the tribe run into the shrine. However, Chaos transforms into Perfect Chaos, destroying the island and killing everyone there. Following Chaos' attack, Tikal seals the entity and herself inside the Master Emerald.Three thousand years later, Knuckles the Echidna guards the Master Emerald on the floating Angel Island when the evil scientist Doctor Eggman sets free Chaos. The Master Emerald is shattered and Angel Island plunges into the sea, causing the Master Emerald's shards and the seven Chaos Emeralds to be scattered. Resolving to search for the shards of the Master Emerald, Knuckles sets off. In Station Square, Sonic the Hedgehog sets off and defeats Chaos after witnessing an attack by the police. Miles "Tails" Prower tests his Chaos Emerald-powered airplane, only to crash on the beach of Emerald Coast. After Sonic rescues Tails, they go to his workshop in the Mystic Ruins, where they are confronted by Eggman. The mad scientist uses Tails' emerald to transform Chaos and he reveals his ultimate plan: with the power harnessed from the Emeralds, Chaos will eventually become invincible and destroy Station Square and Eggman will build Robotnikland over the city's ruins. Sonic and Tails set off searching for emeralds to prevent Eggman from getting them first, but eventually lose the ones they find to Dr. Eggman and Chaos. Dr. Eggman escapes in his airship, the Egg Carrier, which shoots down Sonic and Tails's pursuing plane.After Eggman activates E-102 Gamma and fights E-101 Beta during his training, Eggman orders the rest of the E-Series robots to search for Froggy, a frog who has eaten Chaos's tail as well as a Chaos Emerald. Gamma finds Froggy but is chased back to the ship by Froggy's owner Big the Cat. After his crash, Tails finds another emerald and uses it to prepare the Tornado II plane to find Sonic while Sonic lands in Station Square once again. While lamenting her time with Sonic, Amy Rose discovers a Flicky bird and names him Birdie. However, Eggman, having discovered Birdie's location, dispatches his robot Zero to chase the Flicky down. After Sonic turns down an offer to protect Birdie, Zero captures Amy and Birdies and detains them both on Eggman's ship, the Egg Carrier. Sonic and Tails board the Tornado II and infiltrates the Egg Carrier. Knuckles also boards the aircraft after collecting pieces of the Master Emerald and seeing an image of the Egg Carrier in the emerald.On board the Egg Carrier, Eggman removes the E-Series robots and stations Gamma in Amy's cell. However, Gamma witnesses Beta being rebuilt, Amy convinces him that Gamma should not work for Eggman, as he is an enemy. In a confusion of newly discovered emotions, Gamma releases Amy and Birdie. While being chased by Zero, Amy goes to the ship's deck. Meanwhile, Sonic and Tails confront Eggman, but Gamma is dispatched to attack Sonic. Despite attacking Sonic with lasers, Sonic defeats Gamma, but Amy interferes and has Sonic spare Gamma. Gamma, understanding that Eggman is an enemy, decides to follow the others. The ship loses altitude and Tails, Amy, and Gamma flee, while Sonic restores the ship to its original form. Sonic is confronted by Chaos, who now has six Chaos Emeralds, and defeats it once more before pursuing Eggman. Meanwhile, Knuckles steals back the six Chaos Emeralds and Big uses the Tornado II; they both flee from the ship as it crashes.Gamma decides to track down his brother robots. After freeing the animals inside the robots, he goes to the Egg Carrier and confronts Beta, in his rebuilt form. Beta uses lasers and missiles to attack Gamma, only to be defeated once more by Gamma. However, the fight also causes Gamma to be destroyed and Birdie's parents are released. Returning to the Egg Carrier, Amy reunites Birdie with its family, but she is confronted by Zero after he knocks down the Flicky. After avoiding contact with Zero's lasers, Amy defeats the robot by using her Piko Piko Hammer and the electrical fences. She sees Birdie and his family off, much to her happiness, and vows to try her best. Sonic and Tails, meanwhile, defeat Eggman in the Egg Viper and Egg Walker, respectively.A day later, Knuckles restores the shards of the Master Emerald, but Angel Island collapses into the sea once again when Chaos attacks him and Dr. Eggman. Chaos absorbs the 6 Chaos Emeralds and locates the seventh aboard the Tornado II, which crashed after Big used it to escape the Egg Carrier. With all the Chaos Emeralds, Chaos transforms into Perfect Chaos, depleting the Chaos Emeralds of their negative energy, and flooding and destroying Station Square. Tikal appears, having taken each main character into the past numerous times beforehand, demanding that Chaos must be sealed back in the Master Emerald. Sonic objects, saying that Chaos's heart would still be filled with anger and sadness if he were to be sealed inside the Master Emerald. Sonic's friends cheer him on, and Sonic uses the Chaos Emeralds' still-present positive energy to become Super Sonic and face off against Perfect Chaos. Following Chaos' defeat, Sonic discovers that the Chao he once was guardian of now live in Station Square, so he leaves them on Earth to live there. United with Tikal, Chaos peacefully departs to the past. The game ends with Sonic chasing after the fleeing Dr. Eggman.Music: Sonic Adventure shows new music from crush 40 as well as old music from another Sonic game.In this game we get powerups and upgrades for Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, Amy, Gamma,& Big the cat.When u played all the story's u unlock final story where chaos has all 7 emeralds and u must defeat him.Controls: This games controls are easy to get use to once u start playing it.Abilities: Sonic has his spindash on a seperate button as well as introducing the light speed dash. Tails can fly and with upgrades can do an awesome tail spin attack. Knuckles has a triple punch combo glide and with upgrades he can dig underground. Amy has her hammer attack a double jump with upgrades an make her hammer bigger and a hammer spin attack. Gamma has the ability to shoot obstacles for extra time with upgrades he can shoot more targets and fly. Big has nothing special but fishing even with upgrades he can float on water.Boss fights are Awesome and great since your fighting both Dr. Robotnik and Chaos and his transformed states.overal sonic adventure has kept and added features of the classic sonic series.Story: 5/5Music: 5/5Chracters: 5/5Abilities: 5/5Controls: 5/5Game overal: this game gets a 10/10
Inspired a lot by Nintendo's smash hit Super Mario 64, Sonic Adventure is a massive, breathtaking game that rarely comes along.  Sonic returns alongside his old buds Tails and Knuckles with some other characters to once again battle Dr. Robotnik.  While you can tell this game was designed primarily for younger kids, older gamers will love playing Sonic Adventure.  The levels are massive, the graphics are unbelieveable, and the virtual pet Chao is a cool addition to an allready awesome game.  The only problem is the camera angle can get awkward very quickly on certain levels, causing you to misjudge your distance when you jump and leading to frustrating deaths, but when you get the hang of it, it becomes simple.  All in all, the one Dreamcast game (along with Shenmue which is very recommended) that is essential in your collection if you own a Dreamcast.
This is the kind of game that brings back memories of when  games were great. The game has the most beautiful graphics I have seen on a video game  system, the graphics are even better than anything a computer can currently  do. The game is relly fun with great music, and a total of 6 different  playable characters all with their own missions and thier own view of the  story. If you buy the Dreamcast buy this too.
This video game is awesome, the graphics aren't even that bad. If you have a Dreamcast, I totally recommend it. If you don't have a Dreamcast, you can just get the Gamecube version for your Gamecube/Wii. It's almost the same just the graphics are enhanced and there's more to do. If you can get it for under $20, then you should get it. There's still a lot to do, and I don't think it finishes fast. It took me a while to beat all of the bosses. Tails isn't stuck in a machine, either-he can fly around easily. The chao are also awesome, I really recommend this game, you can't have a Dreamcast collection without it.
Sonic Adventure is not only the best 3D Sonic game ever...but it's also one of the Best Dreamcast games ever.The plot is great.  With the whole chao processing boss levels and the plot with Eggman.  This just about the best Sonic game ever.  I thought Sonic 2 was great...THIS IS THE BEST!I loved the plot too.  It was just so great for me.Lets startGameplayOh its great!  It's awesome...I just loved how the game works and the levels get more and more fun and your tasks at the Station square makes the game exciting...5/5Camera...I put this for a reason..this game can get soo frustrating with the camera angle like for example if I need to get through a boss battle and can't see the boss and I'm trying to move the camera angle it will like get stuck and I can't move it.  But still it's worth getting...and yes I'm still going to give it 5/5..Graphics..Oh...SPECTACULAR....yea My spelling sucks..The graphics are awesome...I love em'...great graphics for Sonic and great game to launch the once popular and now dead Dreamcast..Well Thats a lil' harsh saying dead...LONG LIVE DREAMCAST...The graphcis in this game were ten times better then a few PS2 gamesVoices are horrible in this game...Listen to it in Japanes...It's better then the horrible English voice acting..But the music and sound make up for it..4/5SoundTHE SOUND IS GREAT!  I Love the music in the game...it's great...5/5Sonic Adventure is everything you wanted in a sonic game...It will always be from my opinion sonics.....GREATEST....Adventure...Thats what the game should have bin titled..I also like how everytime you meet a character you gain them..Thats pretty coolOVER ALL THIS GAME GETS A 5 OUT OF 5...GREAT GAME...I LOVED IT...Classic Dreamcast Game...Later...
How complicated must it be for Sega to make a game on a console that's still in development at the same time? And yet, the final game is a smash hit that happens to be pretty top-notch. They've pulled through then, I guess.The game lets you choose to play as 6 different characters (However, you unlock them by playing as Sonic first). We have Sonic (of course), Tails, Amy, Knuckles, E103 Omega, and....Big the Cat...Each of the characters have their own gameplay mechanics, as well as goals and certain levels. Below is the fun factor for each character.Sonic - The levels are actually pretty straightforward. You simply go from start to finish. And boy was it fun.. It's actually pretty close to the Genesis Sonic games, but in 3D. Collect rings, bash robots, you know..The good stuff. Plus, there are some new level-specific gameplay mechanics included, like Twinkle Park's bumper car riding, and Sky Chase's airplane combat! You may as well buy this game just for Sonic alone. After all, as the title character, he has the most levels to go through.Tails - More or less like Sonic's gameplay except he has to race Sonic (later, Eggman, in Speed Highway) in each level. It's not as bad as it may sound, because it only just keeps the pace going, which is great, and don't you think it's kind of exciting to find shortcuts when flying?Knuckles - Rather than going from start to finish, Knuckles has to find 3 Emeralds in each level. So how do you do so? You glide around the place and see if an Emerald is picked up on a radar (REALLY helpful), and they could be hidden in enemies or other places. The only minor (And only MINOR) downside with Knuckles is that there are only about 1 (or 2?) Emeralds throughout the game that could only be found by digging into the ground. I was expecting Knuckles's digging upgrade to be used a bit more specifically for finding Emeralds.Amy - She isn't as fast as the above 3 characters, but she still isn't a bad pick. Although having the same robot chase her throughout levels is a little cringe-inducing, Amy plays pretty well, as she can attack with her massive hammer.E103 Omega - Alright. Who expected a robot to be playable in a Sonic game? I certainly haven't, but I'm glad I am. Omega's gameplay involves massive deals of weaponry, as well as being able to hover later on, and do certain tasks in the levels. In Final Egg, for example, you must destroy Sonic dolls. In Emerald Coast, you catch Froggy. In other levels, you must go destoy other Omega robots! I absolutely love playing as this thing, as much as I love playing as the first 3 characters.Big - Big is a pretty lame downside to this game. He's slow, and you have to go fishing for things. It's as fun as described, and I certainly don't want to go back to playing as him. Sadly, you have to beat the game as all characters if you want to fight the actual last boss, Perfect Chaos, so........That pretty much covers up the characters. As for everything else, the level design is magnificent and lovingly crafted. Plus, the graphics are awesome for the time, and the soundtrack rocks!However, Sonic Adventure is not without flaws. The cutscenes aren't amazing, and while the story is nicely done, some bits of dialogue are a bother (THAT'S A CHAOS EMERALD! - Says Knuckles as 2 Chaos Emeralds have been spotted). Oh, yeah, and there's Big the Cat. Nevertheless, these are, of course, minor problems, as the game is so much fun that you'd hardly think about them.
Most game go to 3D and are horrible but this was a great game. When i saw it i bought the dreamcast just for this game. All the launch units were sold out , so it was a bit of a wait. But looking back at it , this why we are gamers. It reminded me of being a kid again.
Loved this game. I was hooked on it for some time after first buying it. Really liked the sort of freedom Sonic had in this game. The missions and levels that Sonic played in are fun and keeps you wanting to play it for longer. Loved the control of Sonic, loved the graphics. Overall its an awesome addition to the Sonic series. Recommended game for people that have the Dreamcast.
Another addicting game. I have been trying to play this game and The Sims at the same time and there just isn't enough time. I played this for 6 hours yesterday (Sunday) and wondered where the time had gone. I had bought Disney's Coaster several years ago and thought this game would be just like it. Wrong! This game is way better. You have several scenarios you play plus you can play and redo real amusement parks. They give you lots a money to start with to build up your park. You control the admission fees, the price for all of the rides, price on the food, and you can even charge people for usin the restrooms. You hire mechanics, people to mow and clean garbage, security guards, and entertainers. You can change the color of every ride and play your choice of music. There a banners that will display any message you type plus you can name any ride or food place. The best thing is you can design your own rollercoasters and water rides though they are expensive (don't build your water ride too big as you typically only have 2 boats and the lines get long and customers get upset). You also do your own landscaping and you can see what every customer in your park is thinking and how each ride is liked. If you choose to, you can watch them ride each of your rides. The only conflict with the game I have seen was what they call &quot;thrill rides&quot;. When you go to build these, the excitement level is typically low to moderate so I am not sure why they call those thrill rides.This is a very addicting game and time will get away. I think if you get this game , you will also get addicted and then you will have to go buy the other 2 expansion packs, just like I did.
Roller Coater Tycoon is by far one of the best simulator PC game I have ever played.  This game is what it sounds like...You build a theme park.  There are many different environments to choose from(you get more environments as you beat more levels.  The graphics in this game aren't jaw dropping but they are okay.  But this game isn't about graphics, it's about freedom.  It's very challenging to get your guests to actually like your park:)This is a great PC game and is highly reccomended.~Dan~
This is such a great game. I love every minute of it! I just can't go on it for five minutes: it turns into five hours!The whole point of the  game is to create a cool theme park and have so many guests in the park and  a certain park rating by year 2, 3, or 4. I love building roller coasters  on this game, although it can be tough (most coasters I build get an  intensity rating of ultra-extreme and nobody rides it). But lets not forget  merry go rounds, food stands, bathrooms--all the small things.However,  this is not without its faults (what game is?). For instance, the goal of  the scenario. If you surpass the amount of guests in your park and the park  rating is above the required (usually around 600), and it's only year 2,  you gotta wait. And that can be aggravating. Second, why can't guests go on  the ultra-extreme coasters? It's not like they'll kill them or  something.All in all, this is a great game for your PC. It's like a  drug, how addictive it is. You might need a prescription to get off of it!
First of all, this is not Sim City, nor was it even made by the company, but that is a good thing in this case. The first difference is that rather than starting with some random piece of land to build your park, you pick a scenario to beat! The controls are far easier than Sim City and it flows more smoothly and there are far more details like walking people that get hungry, angry, thirsty, sick and tired. You must make sure they have fun! By building steel, standing, corkscrew, wooden, and backward coasters, yada yada, Ferris wheels, motion simulators, merry-go-rounds, log rides and you get the picture. You can customize everything in the game, the color of the ride, the speed of the ride, how many loops or laps everything has. However, you need to be careful of three things when it comes to rides. The excitement to get the people on the ride, the intensity to make sure they get a thrill and the nausea factor to make sure they don't throw up, but when they throw up, that's when you hire maintenance people who walk around cleaning stuff.
Wow!  The game is very fun.  You have many things to do in it.  For explain you can bluid a roller coaster or checking to see if people like your park.  The game is worth the money! Big time!
Roller coaster Tycoon by Chris Sawyer is a theme park strategy game, It is a game that makes you want to actually ride coasters even if you hate them, It makes you belive you are creating a real theme park. The Interface is almost the same as chris swayers earlier game Transport Tycoon and it is very easy to use. The gameplay was easy, I was able to figure out the tool bar icons without much trouble. The gameplay is that you have to manage a theme park and complete the given objective within the time limit, You could borrow money from the bank and there are limitations to how much you can borrow. There are almost every type of ride you see in real theme parks in this game, Kiddies train, Chartlift, Merry go round, Bumper cars, Go karts, 3D cinemas, Boat rides, Obsevation tower, Force lift, and ofcourse Roller coasters, There is every type of coaster in the world from. Besides these there are many trees and when you build a pond ducks will come there. The hardest part of the game is Building coasters that would work and the ones the guests would ride, There are lots of already built coasters but desinging your own is a lot of fun. The bad thing about Rct is that it comes without a screnario editor, You can only play only the available screnario's, Most of the screnarios are very small in size, You cannot build outside the park and not all parts of the land are available for sale and the park is are almost half built. The research tool is bad too, It takes a lot of time and some times it comes up with rides useless for the current park. You can costumize them but they are in a mess too, If you need just gentle rides it may research a chartlift in a very small park. Still Rct is the best strategy game i have ever played, I loved it, I played it for 5 hours and didnt know that i was on so long. Rct is a must for people who love computer games and have the system requierments. It doesn't take a coaster nut to fall in love with this game, Get it.
As the game host..., I was eager to get my hands on this gamewhen it game out. Like Pharoh and Caesar III, this is a game ofdesigning buildings and walkways to keep your people happy. In this case the people are not residents, although with some staying in your park for 60 days or more, you have to wonder where they are sleeping! And, like all games, you start with rather easy missions and work your way forward.You begin by planning walkways that make sense for your visitors, and putting down inexpensive but entertaining rides. Each visitor has his or her own sense of what's fun - something exciting, something laid back, something truly wild or something mild. You need to set up food, drink and restrooms, and put out benches and trashcans. You hire repairmen, sweepers, entertainers, and security folk. Vandalism can strike, and rides can break down.The game, once set up well, can almost run itself. Your various minions roam around your park, cleaning and fixing items. You earn money based on quite a few variables - how much you charge at the gate, how much you charge for food, how much you charge for each ride. Rain comes and visitors are now buying umbrellas, and avoiding the open rides. Marketing campaigns can help your draw, although coupons might affect profits short-term.There are great graphs to help you manage the economics of your strategy, and the graphics themselves are quite fun! The merry-go-round spins, the roller-coaster cars fill with little people and go around the tracks. You can customize colors, add statuary, research new theme decorations like Egyptian and Roman buildings. You can raise and lower terrain, building raised walkways and underground roller coaster tunnels.The game will run quite well on a low-end system, which can't be said for its rival, SimThemePark. It's easy to use, and quite satisfying to play. You can name the park, name each ride, and even name each individual visitor! It's easy to get attached to your creation, and sit for hours tweaking it.The game was entertaining both for me and for my 11 year old son. We both found the options varied and fun. My son especially enjoyed when you accidentially cranked a roller-coaster's speed up too high - the practice run would set the cars careening off the track, warning you to decrease the speed a bit!Our only complaint has to do with item placement - if you raise and then lower a piece of land, it double-charges you for each phase of the change. There isn't really an undo feature, so if you make a mistake (which can be easy, sometimes) there is no simple way to just go back to your previous state. With blocks of land easily hid behind other blocks (despite their many view options), you often have to lower whole regions of land simply to &quot;get to&quot; the blocked one, wasting hundreds of dollars.Also, with no 'fast forward', you often have to go eat dinner or watch a movie before your park, which has met the 'winning criteria', finally gets through the years required for the trophy. It'll run itself all the while, but it can get quite tedious.With that small amount of inconvenience, however, this is a great game for computer users of all ages, and with the varied terrains available, one able to always offer a new challenge!
Some games (such as The Sims) are addictive at first but quickly lose their appeal.  Rollercoaster Tycoon is a game that keeps you interested because you continually discover new strategies.  Furthermore, if you enjoy role-playing a computer game, Rollercoaster Tycoon allows you to &quot;theme&quot; your parks by changing the colors, names, scenery, etc..If you enjoyed games such as SimCity, Age of Empires and Civilization I would recommend this game because it follows a similiar strategy and planning mechanism.  The add-on packs (Corkscrew Follies and Loopy Landscapes) add some interesting components but are not recommended unless you enjoyed this game immensely.  For your best bet, since the game has been out for awhile, I would wait a few months when the game will be sold with the expansion packs added on to it.The internet site allows you to download various rollercoaster designs and there are fan websites set up that also allow you to download their designs.  So far, with the patches, I have not encountered any game crashes...A game that remains entertaining longer than most and powerfully addictive the first month you purchase it. ;)
I will try to make this short and sweet. Roller Coaster Tycoon is one of the funnest sim build 'em up games out there. In the tradition of Sim City, RTC follows the same concept except to build your very own theme park with everyone's favorite ride...the rollercoaster!!! Along with other types of carnival rides and many different scenarios to play, RTC is guaranteed to offer many hours of strong entertainment as well as a ton of fun!! If you do decide to purchase RTC, I strongly recommend to pick up the Loopy Landscapes/Corkscrew Follies combo expansion pack. This expansion adds about 20 new scenarios and many new exciting coasters which really do make an excellent and exciting theme park. I highly recommend that anyone in which this concept of building a theme park intrigues, to at least pick up the original game. I guarantee that it won't take long before you decide to get the expansion packs.
I just want to say this is a really great addicting game! You build your own theme park and in the process have to meet certain goals. There are plenty good rides and stalls you can purchase for your park and you can set advertising and research funds. Overall, through this short review, I am truly pleased with the quality of this game and would suggest it for anyone!
This is a really fun game to play you can make money and loose money.  There are certain objectives that you have to do like earn a certain amount of money and have a certain amount of people and a certain amount of the park value.  This is a really good simulation type game.  Plus you can control where the people go and you can kill some people in the water and sometimes the rollercoaster will chrash and kill people.  That is really fun when you get board.
I am not given to strong statements, but in this case I will make an exception---THE BEST GAME EVER!  It's very easy to get started, will run on &quot;slower&quot; computers, and once you get into it, you can't get out!  You get totally lost in the world you create---it's so much fun making  rides and then watching people enjoy them!  I love the way you can pick a  certain person to watch, and see what rides they pick, the way you have SO  much control over designing rides, the ease of making coasters, although  they can be quite fancy, basically I love everything about this game.  I am  not a &quot;gamer&quot; but I got so hooked on this it was almost scary!
The product was exactly as shown and described, good price and timely delivery. The whole purchase went smoothly and I enjoyed playing it and remembering the good old days with pc gaming
It's VERY disappointing to me personally that people insist on moving forward when it comes to video games and quickly putting the gaming consoles of the past behind them forever.Come on, I grew up in the days of the NES when I was a child in the late 80's and early 90's.  I was forced to play the same few games over and over for *years* because there wasn't much in the way of variety back in those days.But you know what?  I wasn't angry about that.  Not at all.  This meant I learned to appreciate games for a LOT more than just a couple hours of fun.  I learned to accept video games back then for all the graphical flaws I encountered, or any kind of gameplay problem.  I learned to IGNORE all that stuff and just have fun playing the GAME and having a great time.I see kids today who look absolutely *determined* to forget about the Playstation 1 and 2 and buy whatever new video game console is cool these days.  Let me tell you something- back in the 90's, for at least four years, it was considered VERY cool to own a Playstation 1.  This is because game companies kept pumping out one wonderful game after another.Sure, there were some average games on the PS1, and plenty of crappy games as well.  But the same can be said for ANY video game console.  Why should we focus on the less than spectacular games when reviewing a video game system anyway?  It's completely pointless because ALL consoles have their share of average and terrible games.  Every single one of them.Sony's successful Playstation console was just EXCELLENT if you ask me.  Making the decision to keep the PS1 for over 12 years now and not only play the console, but keep the PS1 HOOKED UP to my TV for all these years really means the games must have been good.  And they *are* good.  REALLY good games.In addition to having a CD player built into the Playstation console for all your music needs, I have to say the CD player is actually a step above most CD players out there because the one built into the PS1 is apparently a heavy duty player that can actually play through HEAVILY scratched discs without a problem.I put in an old Stooges CD called Fun House that's almost unplayable on other CD players, but it works brilliantly in the PS1.  Honestly, the music CDs work a lot better in the PS1 than they do in an actual Sony CD player!  I had a couple Sony CD players that never played the discs right so in the trash without hesitation THOSE CD players went.How about memory cards?  You can buy a memory card for less than 5 bucks for your PS1 console.  I am totally serious about that.  What a FANTASTIC price to store your memory for your many video game adventures.  Trust me, you'll need a memory card for all the fairly long games available for the PS1.I'm also SICK TO DEATH of all these complicated video games out there today that require pressing TOO MANY buttons just to make the character perform an action that can *easily* be mastered on the Playstation 1.  No, you do NOT need extreme and precise accuracy just to shoot a guy in the arm when you can perform a similar action playing a first person shooter on the PS1, such as the Medal of Honor series.That leads us to the PS1 controller.  It's a *perfect* controller in every single way.  You can easily remember the buttons on the controller, and where they are located in critical moments so you won't make any mistakes.Most importantly, it's VERY easy to allow your fingers to reach over to another button and press it easily without any inconvenience.  I'm talking about NO problems doing so.  This... THIS is why the PS1 is a brilliant video game system.  No annoying analog sticks getting in the way of your commands.  No awkwardly placed buttons on the controller making your gaming adventure turn into a nightmare.  NONE OF THAT!All these games people criticize today for being old and unplayable such as the Silent Hill and Resident Evil series... give me a *break*.  You have to give these kind of games a chance so your brain and fingers can learn to adjust to the way they play, and I *promise* you'll learn to find that moving your character around is very easy.  It's all about giving things a chance and taking the time to understand the way they are.The Playstation 1 has MANY *extremely* good games available that are pretty affordable and definitely playable.  Sure, most of the games are slightly shorter than the games you will find on the Wii, PS3, or Xbox, but who cares?  You'll have so much fun playing them that you'll probably be back to play through them again, I guarantee it.  I must have played through Silent Hill and Castlevania: SOTN over 100 times.And no, it's NOT just RPG games that are worth playing either.  PLENTY of shooting games that you'll have a surprising amount of fun playing through, such as the Medal of Honor and Resident Evil series, Silent Hill, Dino Crisis 2, Quake II, Doom, MDK, all kinds of Mega Man games, and who knows what else.  There's just *so many games* to choose through, games that should be memorable for years and years and YEARS!  Perhaps the very best game on the Playstation is a platform/adventure game called Spyro the Dragon.  The best game EVER made maybe?Simply put- if you ignorantly write off the Playstation 1 for being old and outdated and assume that means the games are unplayable, you are flat out *wrong* in my eyes.  All this fancy digital, high def, high resolution stuff available for your televisions *just* to play a video game makes me sick to my stomach.  It means it's alright for video games to be bad because as long as they LOOK good, people will buy them anyway.  Absolutely disgusting.  Buy the PS1 and start a collection of EXCITING games.Oh, and that leads me to conclude that the coolest, neatest, greatest thing about the Playstation 1 console is that you can buy one for under 20 bucks.  20 bucks for HOURS of exciting gameplay?  Count me in!
first of all, this is not a flop. I dont know who would hate this. There are so many good games like Doom, Hexen, Duke Nukem, Resident evil, Silent hill, medal of honor, twisted metal. But mine broke after 7 years of usage. The engine burned out and it would turn on but the discs wouldnt spin. So, i suggest u get the new model to replace this one. Or a ps2. But, if u find one of these in mint, i garuntee it will work.
Before I bought a Playstation I had the following impressions of it: long load times (five minutes or so)and major overheating problems. But now that I own a PSX, I know better. Load times are only a couple of seconds or at the most under a minute. As for the overheating, I guess it depends where you place your playstation. Mine's atop a cardboard box away from the satellite receiver and VCR. On the game Metal Gear Solid a CD icon is supposed to appear if the system is overheating or something, but that has never happened to me once. I normally play a game for 1 to 3 hours. One thing that I did notice, though, is that if you play a game for several hours, then take the game out and put another one in, you have to let the system cool down for an hour or two, otherwise you'll just get the main menu. The Playstation has a great library of games. For RPG gamers there's the Final Fantasy series with its GREAT graphics. The FMV sequences look like they came out of a big-budget special-effects-laden movie. N64 doesn't have such graphics, not that I've seen. For action gamers there's Metal Gear Solid, Vagrant Story, etc. TONS of great games. Remember, its not the graphics that make a system worth having, it's the games. I don't have the analog controller, but I love the regular controllers. They fit nice in your hand and ALL buttons are easily accessible, unlike N64. There are only two controller ports, but I seldomly play two player games and never play four player games. The system itself is very durable--I've taken it to college several times and hooked it up to the TV during my three-hour lunch. Overall a great system, but if mine broke sometime soon I'd probably save my money and wait for a PS2, although I would test the system first--see how it runs your old games--before making the big buy.
The Sony Playstation was the first main console game to come out with CD games, and the ability to play audio CDs. This gave it the ability to hold more information than a normal cartridge game ... and many games came in multiple CD packs. This equalled longer gameplay and more complexity than the N64 or Sega systems.The Playstation One is a smaller version of the same unit - portable and soon to come out with a portable LCD screen. Both play any game from the Playstation One library. While CDs do hold more data than cartridges, they load a bit more slowly, so often there is a second lag between scenes as the new scene loads into memory.While Nintendo games tend to be pixel based, most Playstation games are polygon based, taking advantage of the Playstation's 360,000 polygons/sec speed. This tends to make images sharper and scaleable. When something moves towards you it's easy to calculate polygons, compared to expanding pixels.There is a good sized library of games for the Playstation - quite a few racing games, plus the Tomb Raider series, the Final Fantasy series, Abe, Spyro the Dragon, and more. The games for the Playstation tend to be for teenagers and adults.We've had a Playstation since it first came out, and for racing and sports games it is incredible. We find we use the N64 far more often when kids are around wanting to play something.Specifications: CPU: 32-bit RISC Clock Speed: 34 Mhz Sound: CD quality, 24-channel stereo Connector: standard 3-plug video/audio connector 640 x 480 (256 x 224 TV units) resolution
After giving it some thought, I recently bought a PSX Dualshock system.  Having played the N64, it got boring for me due to lack of RPG's. There is  not one decent true RPG title for the N64. Quest 64 was a total piece of  garbage and Zelda for me is just a over hyped, ho hum game.With the PSX,  there is the FF series, various Square Soft RPG's, upcoming Dragon Quest  VII, and many more titlesavailable. I got frustrated with the lack of RPG's  for the N64 and hearing about all the awesome ones for the PSX. RPG's has  always been my favorite type of game to play. The first RPG I ever played  was Dragon Warrior on the NES. That game really got me hooked on  RPG&quot;s. Everybody that I know has a PSXand they really it a lot. The  fact that the games are on CD's, hold more memory than cartridge, really  swayed me towards the PSX. The only drawback is that you need to buy memory  cards for Adventure &amp; RPG's. I like the design of the PSX, it can also  play your favorite cd's. The N64 may have better graphics and sound, but  that alone can't make a fun game. Don't get me wrong, N64 is a good system  and so is the Playstation. PSX has a lot of the Mature games. Something the  N64 has very few of anyway. The PSX Dual shock controller does not need  batteries, unlike the N64's. I haven't bought a decent game for the N64 in  a while and maybe won't for a while. There is no hope for the N64, not in  my mind anyway. Maybe there will be RPG's for the Starcube(Nintendo's new  system) but who knows? Nintendo has gone out of their way to make more  mature games and that's a good thing.Myself, I'm in my 30's and I like to  see more mature graphic scenes and four letter words. In closing, I would  like to say that I'm sure glad I bought a PSX. The library of games is  immense and there are loads of RPG's!But I have not given up on the N64,  maybe they or somebody else will make a decent RPG.(Yeah right!) Hails to  all the true RPG gamers out there!
It was early 1998--I think--and I was hanging out with some so-called friends. We were in my school's gym when our discussion turned to the topic of video games. Up `til then my experiences with the gaming industry had been with the NES and Game Gear, with the occasional Game Boy, SNES, and N64 when I visited my cousins. One of my uncles owned almost every major console in the `90s, but he never let us younger nephews touch any of his equipment.Anywho, I was talking with my "friends" and they asked me what game system I owned. I replied, "None. I don't have one," rather sheepishly. "None?" one questioned, confused. "Wow; I thought everyone had one." He promptly shrugged it off though, and continued conversing with the others.But I didn't shrug it off so easily.That night (or some time that week, since my memory fails me), I approached my mother and told her I wanted a video game system. The next day I came home to a PlayStation sitting on the living room entertainment center.Yeah, right.She told me if I wanted one I can buy it myself. I had been saving for a go-kart for a while, but as the years dragged on my interest in one dwindled. I decided to use that saved currency for a system instead. I thought I had the money, so that wasn't the issue; the real problem was deciding what to buy.For a while I debated getting a Saturn over the PlayStation. Sega had built itself quite the name at the time, and Sony was new to the market. I knew more Sega titles, like Sonic, since I had a Game Gear, but then one day at a friend's house I played a demo disc and there was a sole winter level starring this strange orange creature as the protagonist. I fell in love with it instantly, and when I discovered it was a PlayStation exclusive it was then that I declared which console to purchase.My mother and I paid a visit to our local Toys `R' Us, which was where I bought most of my Game Gear miscellany. We went to the games department and I saw the gray-silver box in all its glory. But its price wasn't so glorious to me, a child of elementary education. I was devastated when I learned I'd have to save a little more if I wanted to get the console, a game, and an extra controller in one fell sweep.That following summer, when my schooling was done and I had saved enough money, we returned to the giraffe's domain, but to my dismay the consoles no longer were available. I was defeated once again. A TRU rep informed us that the reason was because they were ridding their current stock and weren't getting more in until next week, when a fresh wave of a boxed console with an updated controller would arrive. We could come back then and check.My mother was tired of going back and forth and not finding what I wanted--I was quite the persistent whiner, after all--and goaded me into waiting till Christmas; if I did, she'd buy me an additional game.But I didn't want to wait. Santa's day was an eternity away.Next week we returned and sure enough to the TRU employee's word the new console was there. "DUALSHOCK" was imprinted boldly on the box in strong red colors. That meant little to me as I had no idea what that meant.I took the slip of paper that informed the cashier I was meaningful with my purchase, and went to find that game with the strange orange creature, and there it was: Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back.Most of the games I played at my cousins' were co-ops, thus I thought I'd need a second controller. But the first-party Sonys were out of my price range, forcing me to settle on a 3rd-party clear controller without analog sticks. Clear stuff was all the range in the `90s, but to this day I have to get a clear controller for every system because of that initial purchase.When I got home and opened the box I realized what DualShock meant. The controller was much different than my friend's, and I quickly preferred it over other pads.This faux-review has gone on long enough, so I'll try and speed things up.I played my new console non-stop for some time, spending hours upon hours with Crash and the included demo disc in the console's box, but couldn't get very far as I didn't buy a memory card. I didn't know I'd need one, even though the TRU rep said I would. My NES didn't need one; my cousin's SNES didn't need one. But the PS did and I had to save up for that.I bought every Crash title for the PS, and spent many dollars at Blockbuster renting various titles. I grew to love Final Fantasy, Bloody Roar, Tomb Raider, Tomba, Croc, Ape Escape, Spyro, and many other fantastic series because of Sony's initial console, and have gotten every one of their consoles since.When the PS2 was released, I of course bought it and gave my old gray buddy to my kid sister, never caring to look back.Last summer that same sister bought herself a used PS2 to use as a relaxer during college, and it was then that I started developing a sharp interest in old consoles and games. I asked her about our old PS1 and she said the reason she bought a PS2 was because the PS1 had been failing but that she couldn't remember where she stored it.A month ago she texted me a picture of a sticker-covered gray machine. I picked it up the following weekend, cleaned it, and tested some titles. Unfortunately some games don't read at all, like Croc, while others, like Crash 2, work flawlessly. There's definitely some lengthier loading time than if I played the same disc in my PS3, but there's something about the lower graphical output and using the original DualShock that trumps playing the same game on the PS3.Perhaps it's nostalgia, perhaps it's empirical proof. I don't know, but all I know is that I love my PlayStation and am glad to be opening its disc tray once again. It turned me from a casual gamer into a video game connoisseur.
For us Nintendo/Play Station junkies this is a must for the original games. This is in great condition. Would recommend
This is the first game Blizzard released that I bought, and boy what a choice. The grahpics are wht got me to keep checking out this game, but a guy I worked with kept telling how awesome this was and how awesome the on-line play was. And I tell you what. This game was awesome all the way through. Turning every corner, not knowing what was there and then being attacked by horde after horde of every kind of monster imaginable, this game continually kept my adrenalin pumping. The final fight with Diablo in the end was alot tougher than the one in Diablo2 and was a very challenging game. 3 character classes to choose from and many weapons, magic items, and shields to choose from. This is one of the best games ever released and a must for any gamer.
I haven't played this game in several years and picked it up a couple of weeks ago.  The reason I picked up this game over everything else is that it is soooo cheap.  What other game offers so much for ten bucks??!?!?The best thing about Blizzard is Battle.Net, which is free after you purchase the game.  This adds so much value to this game and really makes it a lot of fun to play.  It doesn't take long to find some companions and go into the dungeons killin' uglies.  Sometimes you need to look out for the player killers, but there is always somebody there willing to help somebody out.Another good thing is that it doesn't require much knowledge to play.  Just play it for a few minutes and then it all makes sense.  It's ease of use of the features is a very strong plus.Finally, the replay value is enormous.  The dungeons are never the same and there are many quests you can go on to keep on challenging you.A great game.  It has an 'M' for its violence and gore, but this rating really surprises me as there is no blood and the graphics are not that detailed.
Diablo is now looked on as the classic RPG that brought great storyline and replayability to the world. It's still as fun as it was when it came out.It's hard to remember now, with so many dark games out, but Diablo was really one of the first that had truly evil forces to contend with.The graphics might be a little blocky compared to current day games, but it's still amazingly fun to play. The levels that are different each time you play, the various character classes, the assortment of armor and weapons you pick up, all add up to great fun both the first time and tenth time you go through.Plus with on line play, you can build up a character and head through quests with your friends from around your neighborhood or around the world.If you're a fan of Diablo 2, Dungeon Siege or other hack-and-slash RPGs, you really might want to pick up Diablo and see where they all came from. You should be able to find used copies of the game pretty easily, and even buying it new is at a discount price!
This game created a genre and no game ever topped the original. This was from a time when games were challenging, and beating them was an accomplishment rather just an investment in time. Upgrades to your gear could randomly drop from any critter, so every kill was exciting and death could always be around the next corner. I recommend this to any gamer.
The story of Diablo is based on premise of a war between Heaven and Hell. The town of Tristram is under attack by demons, and the player must save the town. As the player delves into the underworld, he discovers more about the demon Diablo, through large tomes that are read aloud by the character. Eventually, the player reaches the lair of Diablo and must kill him.
Although by now, Diablo is beginning to show it's age in the gaming industry, it remains one of my favorite games of all times.  The combat system is very well done in which you choose your armor, weapons, magic rings/amulets, and spells in a menu and can change these based on what you go into combat with.  The countless possibilities of combinations are numberless, and there is a slight variation in quests each time you play.The theme is basically a medieval one in which you venture deep into an underground labyrinth to battle monsters and such that you've heard about, and you end up having to face monsters of mammoth proportions (The Butcher), Magical Skill (Lazarus), and a combination (Diablo).  The game really shouldn't be intended for kids that are at an age where gore and such could sicken one, as there are themes of death, sacrifice, and unholiness in the game.I found the game very enjoyable however, and at the moment it's at a bargain price.  If you have played Diablo II already, you'd probably like the first Diablo, although Diablo II is much better.  I'd still suggest playing the first one before taking on Diablo II.  There are numerous spells and such that you can learn to aid you on your quest, and items appear randomly after battling Monster bosses (regular monsters with special powers...i.e. one with magic resistances).  The game implores you to learn the lay out of the dungeon, and you begin to press deeper into the valleys of heck.The degree of difficulty is not too bad, where after you get used to the game, you realize that all you really need is time to beat it, and plenty of saves.  The usefulness of the shops and magic items also turns the tides against darkness in your favor.  I'd recommend this game to anyone who's out of elementary school and doesn't mind the gore and violence to reach a game with great gameplay and a relatively detailed storyline, with interesting quests.
So your considering buying Starcraft, aye? Well if you have not heard of this game all I have to say is you poor deprived human being. Any gamer on the face of the Earth knows about this game and what it did to change the way they think about playing games on a computer game. Yes, I have heard it all the people who rally themselves against games such as this. Saying that you do nothing but Build, Build, Build, Build really Fast. Then Fight, Fight, Fight, Kill, Kill, Kill. Well, If you excuse my impertinence, your wrong. This game teaches you how to adapt to the three different species. Zerg, Terran and Protoss. It is like the ultimate in adaptive combat. I have never come up with fighting tactics in any other game, (Except One), Faster than in this game. It is made by blizzard those good people who made Warcraft and Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness. So find this game. Buy it and enjoy it for the love of all that is good and pure. Enjoy this game. It should be a definite buy and must have and no gamers collection would ever truly be complete without it.
I played this game when it first came out, but never owned it and never played the expansion pack. Man was I missing out. For the price this was selling at this is the ultimate deal. Not only do you get the game and the expansion, but you get detailed strategy books for both games.The graphics are still pretty solid after all these years and the music and sound affects are awesome (Hey. This is Blizzard. What did I expect?). The story is very intriguing and quite surprising at the end. Very well put together. And each unit for each race is different as are the buildings. With most RTS games, each faction has different units, but they are usually only different in design and name. They do the same thing the other factions units do. But in Starcraft, you really need to know what units do to succeed. For the Zerg, they have Hydralisks that when seperate are pretty weak, but when you group them up and have them attack one target at a time, they are very strong and a group of 10 or 12 can wipe out an army or buildings very quickly. Very unique units and buildings.As with every Blizzard game, the story is excellent with you controlling all 3 races over 30 missions. The eaxpansion pack also lets you play all 3 races over another24 missions for a total of 54 missions! Not too bad for any game and the expansion is clearly one of the best there ever has been. The cutscenes add to the story and a pretty good graphically and great musically. A total joy to play. The only downside to the game is playing against another live person. I played this game against a friend of mine at least 12 times and we had 11 ties and I won once. The crystals and Vespene gas run out before a winner could be decided. Other than that, this is an awesome game, even today and with this package deal this is an excellent buy. Happy gaming.
I had this game back in 1998. I played it so much that my dad broke the CD along with Warcraft 2 telling me that I can't play any games from now on. So I recently bought Starcraft Battle Chest Secretly (my dad doesn't know that I have this game) again. This game is so good because the system requirements are so low that I can turn off the game without turning off the whole computer. My dad leaves on the PC the whole time so I have to leave it on all the time. If I turn off the whole computer, he might suspect that I have been playing a computer game. I always play when he goes to some place until I hear a keychain or a footstep. I probably disconnect off the game more than any other players on the planet. This is not about the game but I just wanted to share it with you (every game that I own, my dad doesn't know that I have). Now, I'm going to talk about the game. The requirements are no problem unless you haven't bought a new computer since 1998. The gameplay is great and the graphics and sounds are good. The best part of all is the Battle.net. You can play 7 vs 1 comp stomp when you are in a hurry and play 4 vs 4 experts only when you have nothing to do. It is very addictive to play with others online and it it keep you entertained for hours everyday. If you want wins, play lots of comp stomp but it will not raise your skill as much as in expert games. I assure you that this game will keep you entertained. This is one my favorite RTS of all time and I highly recommend this game just as much as I recommen Warcraft 2 and 3.
You will come to understand that video games are an artform when you start playing Starcraft.  First, you'll find a story which masterfully weaves between 3 different races in grand, interstellar conflict, with a cast of hundreds.  This story comes to you in movies, in briefings, and in the game itself, such that you actually play the story, and react against it (or drive it forward).  I've played this game from start to finish 4 times now, just to relive the amazing tale.But Starcraft is a strategy game, and its strategy is so deep you could spend years exploring it (and people -have- been playing this game for years!)  The three different races play in different styles.  The Zerg &quot;grow&quot; their bases and attack in overwhelming numbers, winning thru overkill. The noble Protoss conjure their buildings out of thin air, and their armies are often small, very tough, and invisible.  The Terrans are the happy medium, with a little bit of everything.Also of note are the wonderful graphics (still potent after 3-4 years), and of course, that biting Blizzard humor, which shows itself in the peculiar comments that your soldiers make.  There is so much polish and shine on this game, it's no wonder it was a best seller for years and years.This package includes the orginal game Starcraft and its rather weak expansion pack, Brood War.  All the lavish praise I gave above was for Starcraft, but if you want to save some money, you can probably do without Brood War, as it only includes about 6 new units, which hardly changes the way the game plays.  Get it if you starve for the extra story that it provides.
This is still one of the best RTS games ever.  A must have for any video game junky when you just need some good old school fun.
Starcraft is the classical example of a real time strategy game. It's been around for ever - I've been playing Starcraft since 1998 - but even though the graphics are sad by today's standards, the game is awfully good.There are hundreds of good reviews on the Internet, and so rather than reiterating their collective points of view, I will say this to complement them:If you have never played this game, you need to play it, if only to understand what kept millions of gamers (and probably half the population of South Korea) sleep-deprived for years.I would go as far as to argue that Starcraft is primarily responsible for global warming - think of all the coal we burned to generate the energy required to power all those computers and CRT monitors and light bulbs (and the heat produced by them!) as a generation of gamers stayed up all night fighting invasions and plotting fiendish countermoves instead of reducing their electricity consumption by turning off their PCs and going to sleep.For those of you who haven't played for a while, the Battle Chest is a good way to relive the memories of those happy days of bygone years. It works on Win 7, but note that the mac version of the game is not compatible with OS X Lion (Lion dropped Rosetta which allowed programs from the PowerPC days to run on Intel-based macs).But then I don't remember many mac users in the 90s playing Starcraft. When me and my buddies were happily gaming on our PCs, they were usually doing productive, artsy things on their macs, which is probably why they now zip past me in their SL55 AMGs.
StarCraft to Koreans, is Baseball to Americans. They have 4 television show dedicated to it. They showere their SC champions with moneys and fame. Those that deserve a shout are (slayers)boxer. Red nada. I luv_, etc, etc. Those who only remember the game from six years ago, when it was the fabulous fad, Are surprised to hear about its popularity today. It's Ginormous reputation and following laced over the world. People are bred for this game. People work at their game for years, eight hours a day. It's nothing like I've ever seen. I've never heard of a game so perfectly aged with time. It's followings build every year. Every year it's the dominant pick of the WCG. And every year it's the big news of the event. Blizzard is terrified to make another. They are terrified at the expectations of a sequel. It's engine cannot be changed, Cannot be supplemented, it is called as the perfect user interface. The speeds that the average pro gamer attain is fluid throughout and at unreal speeds: 400apm. A tribute and truth to the impossibly reliable compatibility with computers. It's as if the desktop computer was made for SC. Beware. -jeff
This game is without a doubt one of the best games ever made, and what a DEAL at 19.99 for the whole set! This game's single player is very enjoyable, and you'll also enjoy countless hours of free online play (provided you have a decent internet connection).Blizzard's free online gaming service is fantastic.  Simple and easy to use, and it has everything from competitive 1vs1ing as well as team games of sizes anywhere from 2vs2 to 4vs4, massive 8-way free for alls and more!  I really enjoy playing this online with my friends.If you like real time strategy games, this is a must have.  I'd also like to say that of all the games I've played so far by this company, I've never been disappointed.  They're all high quality in my opinion, and Starcraft is certainly no exception.
This game is phenominal to say the least.  It is very fun and was the first RTS game i've ever played once a friend introduced me to it.  It is so much fun to play and very addicting.  The only reason I sold it is because not many people play online, and the ones that do will take you out in a heartbeat and the single player missions go by pretty fast.  This game would be incredibly fun to play at a LAN Party but I never went to one yet.
You will never be able to play another real-time-strategy game again, I couldn't.  I have never played any other game as much or as long as I have played this one. Can't wait for part 2 later this year!