The Oak/Black is no where near the light color in the photo. It's much, much darker color. The tower also came damaged (several paint chips in exposed areas).Don't even think about trying to return something to Dynadirect. Their CS department was rude and insulting. They refused to pay return shipping even though they were 100% wrong by "displaying" this product incorrectly. You shouldn't have to pay to send back an item you didn't order in the first place. Avoid these guys like the plague.
I was so surprised at how cheap the wood looked when this arrived, I didn't even bother putting it together. Buyer beware...they charge a 30% restocking fee PLUS shipping and handling!! I actually lost money sending this back but, it looked SO cheap that I was happy to pay to get rid of it! I would never order from this company again
So okay, it was easy to put together..but very, very, VERY cheaply made. If it wasn't a hassle to send back it would have gone back immediately. The drawer runner isn't even metal! It's plastic! I have never seen a plastic drawer runner in my life.Let's move on to the horrible paint job..The night stand is covered in white paint streaks with blonde oak colored wood underneath! It looks like a 5 year old painted these night stands. I ordered two so I don't think this was just a bad one. I will have to repaint them to get them a solid and not so cheap looking but for the price of these that is just ridiculous.So if you want night stands that are covered in streaks and very poorly made these are for you!
The product is an off white color and I was expecting it to be white so it doesn't match the rest of my furniture and to send it back I would have gotten minimal money back
I got this glider based on all the good reviews.  It lasted for less than 6 months, and then literally fell apart: the "wood" cracked, the bolts fell out and would not fit into where they are supposed to go anymore, etc.  My suggestion is, if you want a good rocking chair that will last, forget about all this made-in-China junk and go for something that will really last, preferably Amish-built.
I read all of the reviews before I purchased this glider. I knew the fabric would roll on the arms...it did. I knew the seat was wider than normal...it was. But, the workmanship was cheezy. There appears to be very little finish work on the chair. The fabric is poor and I doubt would last too long...I wanted a chair to use for a long time. The stool is also low and bothered my legs. I thought for $250 it should be a fairly well made chair...wrong. If you're looking into one of these think hard...it will not last a long time. If you're looking for something more sturdy and well made you might want to look further and spend a little more. It works for a spare chair for company.
i bought this item so i could rock my baby to sleep in it. I kept it in my baby's room. The wood started catching fungus on it. Tried cleaning it multiple times but it came back. I dont think its safe for my baby to sleep in a room full of fungus. I think the wood is cheap and thus its catching fungus. Wanted to call up Hanford company, but could not find their phone no. The chair is not at all comfortable and the hand pads keep rolling on one side. Very disappointed with this product.Hanford Deluxe Sleigh Style Glider Rocker and Ottoman Set- Cherry Finish with Beige Chenille Fiber
This product arrived with damages and defects directly from the manufacturer (the package was intact and unopened). They obviously have no concerns or process with regard to quality control. Avoid this product and this manufacturer.
When opening packaging product was broken in several places many pieces missing, horrible quality work cheap workmanship worst product Ive ever purchased through Amazon.
I bought this product at Target in July 2007.  Now only four months later it is bowing in the middle.  Our 27" TV weighs only 100 lbs and they say it will hold 200 lbs.  When we contacted BluDot this was their response:"First, the item is made of particle board and the weight limit on the top panel is 200 lbs. This "bowing" that you're experiencing is normal for this material due to its reflective behavior. For most people this concern is more aesthetic. If you're not over the weight limit, the structual integrity is intact and the stand will not collapse.If you would like us to send you a foot assembly, we can ship you one.It was specifically designed to give the stand additional support."So this must be a recurring problem with their design.I explained that a fifth leg would ruin the look of the product and they responded by basically saying, you get what you paid for.If you buy this product, they are saying in their email that they expect it to "bow".  They will not refund you your money.Do not buy this product.
I'm not one to generally write reviews but this cart is so poorly constructed I feel it is my duty to warn other consumers.  My wife and I made a decision to order online instead of getting a cart from a local store where it could easily be returned without incurring hefty shipping charges.  Believe me, we regret that decision.It took almost two hours to assemble this cart due to almost every single part not fitting correctly.  Among the problems we had were:1)  The panels for the back were too wide for the slots machined into the wooden struts.  This results in the panels warping when you push them down into place.2)  Almost all the pre-drilled holes were too small for the screws causing the heads to become stripped as we tightened them.  This is especially the case for the hex screws due to not being able to maintain enough pressure on the head with the small hex wrench that is provided.3)  The guides for the main drawer are uneven.  This causes the drawer to bind when you open or close it.  Once it is bound, you have to use enough force that the cart moves even with the wheels locked.4)  The recesses for the front door hinges aren't of sufficient depth.  Once assembled, it was impossible to close one door if the other was already closed because they physically overlap.5)  The front doors do not align in the frame.  One sets higher than the other.6)  The main drawer had holes that were of insufficient depth for the bolts supplied which makes it impossible to attach the handle.  I had to use a drill with a 3/8" wood bit to drill them to a proper depth.The cart is absolutely not worth the money.  Do yourself a favor and buy something else!
it arrived with parts missing...the top damaged and after talking with the company to get replacement parts...they sent but the wrong color and the missing parts was from something else...too long and not the right color..i would NEVER purchase something from this company again....it isnt worth 5 dollars and i was out 80 dollars for the junk.
When I bought this I knew that this was just a cheap bookshelf for my kids books . . .  but WOW, what a hunk of junk. It came to me without the hardware bag, so I had to order that and wait a week for it to come. I then realized that the safety strap to tack to the wall was missing too. It's so flimsy that it barely holds my books. Spend a few more bucks and get something halfway decent.
I am really good at assembling things....even if they have a million pieces and complicated instructions....I sweat, groan and curse but in the end am very proud of myself. This product was GARBAGE. Right from the get go I saw that it was damaged, but that could've happened during shipping, so I proceeded to "assemble" it. What a mess:"cryptic" instructions (accurate word my fellow rater), one of the side panels cracked as I tried to screw in the dowel, the sides did not match up, and then finally...when it was all said and done, the whole thing was swaying back and forth like a tree in the wind. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!? I'd be nuts to put this thing in my daughter's nursery. It's going straight in the dumpster because it'll cost more to ship back than it cost me originally. Ptoo-eey.
Over $70 for *designer* tinsel?!?! How stupid does this person, group or company think people are! Listen up, tinsel that looks exactly like this so called designer junk is available for under 5 bucks, at most under 10, from Walmart, Kmart, Target, Hobby Lobby, or any large craft or super store that sells Christmas stuff. Designer! Yeah right! And I'm a multi-millionaire! Ha!
i purchsed this item as agift for a new baby. Do not buy this !!!!The mom noted that there was gap between matress and crib side and considered this unsafe. Do check this carefully in picture a small baby could slip their hand through and trap it. I am a Helth Profesional midwife in the UK and this would not meet our sringent safety standard. So I was disapointed in noting this in picture.I canelled the item same day but as they had shipped it in spite of a delivery estimate of 6 days later I am now desperatly trying to arrange a collection and refund.The company wish to charge me shipping both ways in spite of having already paid a shipping cost for delivery.Do not deal with this company is my advice.I have contacted amazon to report this exteme difficulty. The last e mail from the company was rude to me.This was bought as  a gift and this has really put me off !GLIDING CRADLE - FLAT SLAT VERSION - Cherry
Be warned: If you order this product, you will be shipped a crib mattress, NOT a twin. CSN blames the error on an "Amazon glitch," saying that the $399 price is for the crib mattress despite what the ad says. Mysteriously, the ad remains weeks after I alerted the company to the problem. If this were a true mistake, I would think the company would rush to fix it to prevent future misunderstandings. The fact that it's still up boggles the mind.
The chair is great, but the tray is very small.  It leaves almost no room for any activity or food, and the lip around the tray is insignificant so spills or things that rolls will slide right off the tray. The tray size is not listed in the description so I measured it.  The depth is 6 1/2 inches...barely enough room for a toddler plate. Since the seller charges a 30% restocking fee, I will be reselling mine on my own.  This was a very unhappy Amazon experience.
I just received an email stating that my package was on it's way.When I looked at the picture, it was way different than what I had first set eyes on.It had a picture of the full entertainment center. Not just the ladder.It should have had just the picture of the ladder.Now I have to wait for it to come, only to return it.Very frustrating.
We purchase the TV stand portion of this product and it arrived in sound condition, and looks good in our living room; however, I am now processing a return/replacement of the bookshelf for the SECOND time. Both times, one of the vertical rails arrived snapped in half. This time, it appears that the company sent me an item that someone had previously returned, because it had a crossed out mailing label and all of the screws were scattered throughout the packing materials. The packing materials themselves are cumbersome, and the box is huge, so repacking it and returning it has been an extreme hassle, I don't know what we would do if we had to drop this off at a UPS store.I have no idea what the quality of this shelf is like once it is assembled, but Bernard's shipping/warehouse clearly needs to get its act together. We're married to this shelf now, because we bought the matching TV stand, but I would seriously reconsider buying this product if I could do it again.
When I order the component ladder and tv stand the way the ad read was two ladders and one tv stand for the price was $163.00 plus $6.00 for shipping my hold total came up to $170.57 that was for all three pieces . When I got my order I only got one piece. Know they have pet up a new ad to make it look like you only get one piece for that price.I  e-mail them and they send me and e-mail that I could not under stand. I try to call them on this order and getting no ware. So as for me this is not a very good store to order from because I think they still own me two more piece. But there ad is Know saying just one ladder for $142.00. So the way I look at it I will not get the other two piece.Thank YouSandra Valley
This is a beautiful product with a beautiful finish but the holes dont line up so assembly requires a drill.  Also, the assembly requires that these wooden plugs fit into holes on the pieces they join to, but the holes are too small.  Since I didnt have a drill big enough to enlarge the holes, I had to use a paring knife to trim down the wood posts so they fit in the holes.  I hope that it is still strong enough to hold.  It's just that I have a handicap and returning such a heavy item was not feasible, so I had to make it work.  For the price though I guess its a good deal, but do not expect assembly to be easy.
The picture is white, the product said white yet I received a brown table, not happy at all.  If I wanted brown would have purchased a brown table.
MY WIFE AND I ORDERED THIS ITEM THROUGH AMAZON ALMOST A MONTH AGO. TWO WEEK LATER THE COMPANY CANCEL MY ORDER BECAUSE THE ITEM WAS OUT OF STOCK. NOW THE SAME ITEM IS AVAILABLE FOR $200.00 MORE. **JERKS** AN HONORABLE COMPANY WOULD HONOR MY ORIGINAL PURCHASE PRICE. NEVER AGAIN IFDFurnishings!!! JERKS - SEE BELOW! This item cost a little over $340.00 a month ago."Greetings from Amazon.com,We're writing to inform you that your order 105-1411261-3203*** from IFDFurnishings has been canceled because the item(s) you purchased were outof stock. Please return and place your order again at a later time.Our sellers strive to minimize canceled orders. We're sorry for theinconvenience this has caused. Your credit card was not charged for thisorder. If you have any questions regarding the cancelation of this order,please contact IFD Furnishings.If you're still interested in this item, please search for it again onAmazon.com.We've included your order details below for reference. We've also included the URL for the item you purchased if you'd like to try ordering from another seller.We value you as a customer and hope you will continue shopping onAmazon.com."
I'll never trust reviews about wood furniture again. This poor little excuse for a computer desk took me hours to assemble, several of its screws broke, which took more of my time and money to finally find them at Home Depot. And don't even try the screw driver provided with the package. By the end I was so frustrated I wanted to just smash the whole thing with a hammer and throw it away. Even a Chinese company can do better.By the way the color is dark brown with lots of red and not the color displayed in the description.If I could give in MINUS 5 STARS I wouldn't hesitate.
Instructions are erroneous - see earlier comments from other purchasers who experienced the same headache I had in assembling this mediocre unit that does not allow any full size pc in its compartment - defeating the purpose of the purchase.  Plus how to you return such an item....0
The desk is the right size, well constructed and looks good.  It is well worth the price.  Even though I had to assemble it, the directions were easy to follow ,and all the parts were there.  It is an asset to my study.
This thing is really small.  Barely can get a chair in it.  Study the dimensions again.  My teen is too big...
THE PRODUCT HAS A MANUFACTURING FLAW OR DESIGN FLAW. THE DRAWERS WON'T FIT. YOU CAN GET THE BOTTOM TWO IN BUT NOT THE TOP. NO MATTER HOW YOU TRY TO INSERT IT I NEED ANOTHER INCH. THE HOLES ARE PREINSERTED. THERE WAS ONLY ONE WAY TO INSTALL THE ROLLERS WHICH THE DRAWERS WOULD SLIDE IN ON. I HAD TO HAVE MY SON REPOSITION THE ROLLERS SO THE DRAWERS WOULD FIT. I LIKE THE PRODUCT HOWEVER, I WON'T ORDER FROM YOU AGAIN.
The desk is made from cheap material. Can find better desk for same price or a few bucks more. It had parts missing, didnt want to deal with headache and bought replacement parts online.
First the negative1. It's takes 2 people to assemble this desk2. You must count all the parts first,before assembling, because there were parts that we're missing and we had to called the company twice to get the parts and it took 2 weeks to get the parts.3. The surface scratches very easily4. The computer compartment is not that large so the door does not close all the way shut.Positive1. None
I've been putting kits together, wood, metal, you name it, since I was a kid. I've had plenty of experience with heavy particle board covered with formica like this unit. But this kit is RIDICULOUS in DESIGN.It has screws and cams and glue and pegs. Problem is, it's HEAVY, and when you go to turn it, watch out or it will fall apart (actually crunch is a better word) during assembly, taking out the built-in plastic pieces where you're supposed to drill the screws into (the idea being to then hook them on another piece by turning a cam into a hole).AND, you MUST turn the piece, awkward as it is, to get under and at the sides. The BOTTOM IS NOT SOLID; it is designed in 3 pieces...it sounds good, but that's the biggest FLAW. One whole horizontal bottom-side piece broke off as I raised it to put on the opposite vertical side piece which had a combo of something like 10 pieces of screws and pegs, AND was raised off the ground by plastic floor protectors; in other words, no way to work it flat, and no instructions on how to turn it.The screw plastic which had been imbedded in the wood pulled out leaving 2 wicked ragged gaping holes in the lower part of the main body. I put in some good ole Elmers and smashed everything back to flat as best I could. (And good thing I had my trusty Elmer's, cause the glue they give is only enough for a toy version...pitiful). It managed to hold, but then was 1/4" short so that the cam on the other side lower trim would not fit in far enough to grip, and it leaves a gap at the bottom FRONT. Sauder needs to go back to the drawing board! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.Oh and the middle section is just an open hole. I was thinking "cat door," but no door, just a hole.And only 1 adjustable shelf (you'd think 2 since both sides are drilled for shelves).And cushion is tan, not white.
This table looks beautiful, but my first order shipped with the top corner crushed- while the packing foam and box were intact, leading me to believe it was damaged before packaging. I was quickly and easily shipped a second table, that was damaged the EXACT same way! The top corner again was crushed inside unblemished packaging. This company obviously has bad handling practices, and doesn't mind shipping out damaged goods!! I ended up asking for a refund so I could buy a different table.
If you are looking for a solid wood table this is NOT the table for you.  The legs and supports are wood and the top is a pressed material.  Was damaged when I received it and sent it back.  I was very disappointed with this table.  I would have wanted to know it was not SOLID wood on the table top because then I would not have purchased it.  There is no way you can ever refinish this table.
This is a great product if you aren't planning on using it for more than 6 months.Soon the plastic seat cushion will split open and start to fall apart, then the plastic tray will start to yellow and crack due to the incredibly cheap material it's made from.  Then, by about the year/year and a half mark, the bolts WILL START TO BEND AND BREAK (from a 25-30 pound toddler!?)  Soon your child will be abruptly dropped to the floor after banging her chin on the table.STAY AWAY.
Despite the fact that the armoir appears in the picture of the set, and despite the fact that no where in the description does it say that it isn't included, the armoir is in fact NOT included.  Specifically mentioned as pictured but sold separately is the full size bed conversion kit, but the armoir is not mentioned. We would not have purchased this set had we known that the armoir was not included, and there were no indications on the product page that it was sold separately.The dresser and crib (which are included in the set) are of very high quality, however.  They look great and are made of high quality sturdy wood.  Tough to pay over $1,000 for them though when they don't include the matching armoir.
I liked the design and when it came the assembly was very easy but when it stands up, it's very flimsy and wobbly. It could easily break if you put too much weight on it. The two posts are a nice idea but it doesn't have any stability or sturdiness to it to be a realistic coat rack. We will be returning it shortly.
This piece was missing parts (it sounded like sand was in it), the feet always stay loose, it came stained, and is not something that I feel safe sitting on.
After long hours of putting this together, we finally had an assembled headboard. Various screws and holes do not fit together resulting in an accidentally splintered side. Overall, this is a piece of junk and if I had know how horribly cheap this was, I would not have purchased it.
purchased two of them sent one back. and never received a refund back.. been over 8 months. the one i did receive was terrible. broke in half only a few days after i received it.. not a happy customer at all ...... poor customer service!!!!!!
Omg it was impossible to assembled , so many big pieces , screws were not strong to hold heavy wood together. I am so sorry to say really unsatisfied.
The Sauder Carolina oak finish TV stand is walnut, not oak, unless you're colorblind. I have a house full of oak furniture and this is not it. Now I have a dark walnut piece in the living room and it's too heavy to return, can't even lift it to bring to the post office. Don't waste your money!
Item color was not even close to picture.  It was supposed to be an OAK color but was more of a Walnut color, which did not match our existing furniture.  I had to send the item back at my own expense ($75.00).I was not pleased at all!!!
This productg was dropped off by FEDEX by laying it on my front door. When I opened my door the box fell into me knocking me over ( it weighs about 145 lbs). I had to get a dolly to move it off the ground. The assembly instructions were so poorly done making a 2 day project to put together. If had known the quality of this product I would not have purchased it. I thougt I was  getting a stand made of wood not press board. I have had great luck with AMAZON products in the past but this was a horrible experience. I strongly recommend you go to your local furniture store for this type of product!  MADE IN CHINA
I purchased a Rainforest mattress from Land and Sky 3 years ago, and I am writing to warn others against buying products from this company. After less than 3 years use, this expensive mattress ($1800) has sunken about an inch on both sides where we sleep and is now very uncomfortable. This model is built using 3 layers of latex which are assembled by the buyer, so I disassembled the bed to discover the top two layers of latex are compressed. In spite of having a 20-year warranty, I have spent the past 5 months trying to get those replaced, and have only gotten the run-around with one excuse after another! I have made over a dozen contacts to the rep that sold me the mattress, Jeanie Kensington, who has lied multiple times telling me it would ship in a certain time frame, but then I never hear from her again and receive no shipment nor proof of shipment as promised. Her excuses have included "the warehouse is closed the entire week of Memorial Day" and "the warehouse is closed the whole week of July 4th" and "the warehouse is closing at noon each day because of the heat". Really? Your company is closed the entire week of every minor holiday, and you don't have air conditioning? Sorry, I have to call BS on this one! The latest lies include "we're out of queen latex and getting a shipment this week" and "we're cutting your layers out of a shipment and I can guarantee it will go out by Friday." Of course, Friday came and went and I still have no proof of shipment. At one point, she even asked me to disassemble the bed and turn the latex layers over to see if it fixed the problem, which is ridiculous. Clearly, she has come up with every reason she can think of to avoid or delay replacing the layers. I am so incredibly disappointed in this product, and the customer service is beyond terrible, it is unethical. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!! At this point I have filed a complaint with the BBB (along with 14 others in the past 3 years!) and the Nebraska Attorney General Consumer Protection Division. A law suit is my next step if this doesn't resolve the problem.Further, after my experience with the inferior latex and after researching the company online, I now question whether the "100% natural, chemical-free latex" I bought is even natural. I have found several claims that the company is selling cheap imported latex instead of natural latex. Check out this claim of product misrepresentation by Land and Sky... [...]Here is their BBB complaint record... [...]
We bought a Land and Sky King size mattress 8 years ago for $2,500 from Nebraska Furniture Mart.  I bought it because I thought expensive meant good.  DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND!!  We have ditches close to 3 or 4 inches on both places where we sleep.  I have back problems and my husband has shoulder problems as a result.  The warranty requires you to take a picture with a broom or yard stick across the ditch and take a picture of how deep it is before they will replace.  And then what do you sleep on in the meantime??  I would NEVER buy this manufacturer and will continue to write reviews about how horrible the product is.  We bought a cheap mattress for our daughter and we would rather sleep on her bed than ours.  Don't but Land and Sky!!
Furniture was made of poor quality material.  Very difficult to assemble because it uses an odd fastening system.  Table top arrived damaged.  Company promptly sent a replacement, but it was also slightly damaged (poor packaging allows the corners to get dented easily).  Color was a sickly orange so we ended up spray painting the entire thing.  What a waste of time and money.  It is this kind of purchase that sours you on buying ready to assemble furniture on the internet.  Save your money and buy something else.
Bought the table that shows four chairs with it and also mentions it seats four ppl also and it was a great price so I bought it. Come to find out the chairs are sold separately for $110.00 bucks EACH! My great buy just turned into a mistake, a really big mistake.
Seriously, $22.98 today. I'm pretty sure Ikea wouldn't approve of this kind of reselling.  There's no reason to pay this much for this item, even if you can get free shipping.  (sorry to ramble, Amazon has a minimum word count for reviews)[...]
I ordered two of these units & received a little play table with 2 little chairs instead.  Unfortunately, they were painted before we realized we had the wrong item, otherwise we would have returned them.  Not very happy about this, but guess we just have to live with the mistake.
[...]This table is only $29.99 from ikea!! There are several other ikea products on amazon that are also being sold for sometimes close to double what they actually cost. What a scam. I hope ppl do their research before buying.
The table requires you to locate studs for safe attachment. Do NOT use anchor screws in drywall. As of June 2014, I believe the project comes with the wrong hardware: these look more like machine screws than wood screws -- as there is no tip to the screws to bore into the hardwood and begin the screw-in. I had to abort. Not good for renters -- your landlord may get upset with the results. The table leaf is just too heavy and you might take a chunk of the wall out if only using anchor screws. Details follow.Please don't believe the blogs lauding Norbo as a space-saving sensation for the home-downsizing movement -- unless you KNOW the author actually tried to put one together. The Norbo ideally needs wood studs. If you're in newer housing, you may have metal studs and should go for the &#34;wood reinforcement remedy.&#34; Read on.I always lay out any &#34;kit&#34; project like I'm doing a surgery -- especially IKEA. I put each of the various hardware pieces in its own little dish or cup...and line-up the array for easy grabbing. I view the whole set of instrux BEFORE I start. I make sure I have all my tools out with the power drill ready and an extension cord coiled and ready to go. And especially with IKEA projects: I take .25 mg of Xanax and wait about 15 minutes before I begin. I also play Joni Mitchell.Well, before even getting to Step #1, Norbo was scaring me. While sorting out the screws, I was thinking, &#34;Hmm...these all look more sorta like machine screws; not wood screws.&#34; (No sharp tip to bore into the wood and &#34;begin&#34; the screw.)Step #1 =  attach two L-Brackets to the main piece of the frame. It had starter holes -- but were more like starter &#34;indentations,&#34; as this was a wide screw. The flat-ended screw (I did 3 re-checks to make SURE it was the right one)...simply couldn't grip into the wood and continue a successful bore. The screw actually got HOT from the power drill. I took out the barely-bored-in-the-wood screw, lifted the L-bracket and it uncovered SPLINTERED wood emanating from the starter &#34;indentation.&#34;This seems absolutely silly. And I'm hoodwinked by IKEA again! There was a time when their products were really joyful. Now their coming with mis-aligned pre-drilled holes, missing hardware, etc. I'll re-package it for a refund.Now...had I done just a bit more research...the internet is loaded with comments about how the drop-leaf table is too heavy. Pro DIY'ers warn how it will never work with anchor screws in dry-wall. Since this table was going to be used for &#34;arm resting&#34; for intimate meals, folding clothes from the nearby stackables, etc. I knew this was NOT the solution.I'm going with a free-standing table instead.GOOD LUCK, y'all!
Originally purchased this exact dresser from another distributor a year ago and was very pleased with the item.  Ordered one this year from Cymax and can not even use it as unlike the first dresser, this one has been stained on the inside of the drawers and the stain wipes off easily with a dry cloth.  The drawers also do not glide as nicely as the first dresser.  Cymax has been very difficult to deal with as I was originally told they would replace it and their most recent communication has offered me $20.00 to go out and buy contact paper to make my almost $600.00 wood dresser usable.  DISGUSTED!
I purchased these for their design. It was one huge mistake, the final one of a series of lesser mistakes with Chinese products, and I doubt I will ever order furniture online again because of it. They arrived with the boxes nearly destroyed - one of the poorest packaging jobs I've ever seen. They were dirty because the steel machining residue had not been cleaned off of them. They are sometimes listed as "regenerated leather", but not on the website I purchased from. The "leather" is all cracked at the corners, dented in spots, uneven, and generally of less quality than most vinyl. There was not a single chair of the four I purchased that had less than a half dozen workmanship defects. The stainless is junk as well. I sent a dozen pictures to Bellini Modern Living and got a partial refund, with no questions asked; the pictures spoke for themselves. I would have sent them back, but I really like the design, and they are perfect in that respect, for my use. I decided I would recover them, but now I find that the seat backs cannot be removed, so I will now try to dye them and hope that the cracks and mistakes will be better hidden. And as far as them being "stackable", if they were ever stacked, I'm sure it would destroy them. These are SO cheap and poorly made it would be laughable, except that they are fairly EXPENSIVE. I got royally ripped off. I will never knowingly buy another piece of furniture from China, and Bellini Modern should be shuttered forever for selling such junk.