I did not realize how short this table was, did not work well with the TV we have but ended up using it as a shelf for something else.  This cart is probably good if you have a tv in a childs room and the child watches tv from the floor, otherwise inconvenient.
We got this chair about year and a half ago to rock our child to sleep. Putting it together was pretty easy, and the chair itself was comfortable and slid nicely. The fabric on the arms never stayed in place, but it wasn't that big of a deal for us. Then after about 4 months, the wood where the back part of the chair met the base split by the bolts that held it in place. So I got some mending plates and screws and fixed it so that it could be used again. Then the arm came loose (which was a result of the damage). It still slid fine, but then we had an arm we couldn't use, with a wood screw sticking out, which I had to cover. Lastly, after about 8 months of that, one of the bolts in the rocking hinge broke off and all the ball bearings came out. Now the chair is useless. I gave it two stars instead of one because overall, it was a decent chair when it could be used. I don't think it was meant to be a long-term piece of furniture nor did I want it to be, but I expected a little more use. If we ever get another one, I'm going to try something else.
We received the glider in great condition and well packaged. However, my husband had to drill longer holes in the arms to get the long screws to go in. Once the chair was together, it's nice looking but not as comfortable as what it looked in the picture. I wanted a chair to put in my own little corner for reading by the fireplace. I'm not sure I'll spend a whole lot of time in it as it's not all that comfortable. The ottoman could be made a little higher. Just not what I expected, but got with a free gift card when I bought my new car, so not a total loss. Just shop around. I definitely wouldn't recommend a glider any cheaper than this one if that determines comfort.
It was very easy to put together but the arm cushions don't fit. They slide around and are constantly uncomfprtable. The chair started squeeking a few weeks after we bought it too. The bottom and back cushions lost their shape quickly too. I am unhappy with this glidder.
We bought this for our nursery after looking at some others, and I have to note one thing that really bugged me throughout my use of it- the pads on the armrests will NOT stay upright, they flip down every single time you touch them, and won't stay upright no matter how much we tried.  That was really annoying, because aside from being uncomfortable, those padded arms were the main reason we selected this particular chair.  It also made a &#34;crack&#34; type sound every time you glide back- and no, I'm not a particularly heavy person, so it has nothing to do with being overwieght or too heavy for the chair.  If I could go back, I would definitely not have chosen this chair for those reasons.
The base promptly fell off making it unstable and pretty useless.  It was put together with staples, no glue.  The presto-wood did not hold up during shipping to NYC.  I was really disappointed since I gave it as a gift and it was not cheap.
Made in China of very poor quality material, poor job of  gluing, and lots of damage on the long trip to the east coast. One entire row of hooks had fallen off, and the hing on the right door is missing several screws.  If I had not thrown the box out, I would return the entire unit. Almost completely made of low quality fiberboard. Unit is worth about $125.
I'm disappointed because when you open the draws they do not have draw slides and they fall when you go to open them. long doors on the sides are not close to the wall, they didn't put them on right and you can see right through that means dust will get in. That was a lot of money for this and but I will keep it, but I will not recommend for anybody else to buy this particular one. I hope you don't make all your Armoires this way, to me that was cheaply built, sorry but I know something that is built nicely. Sincerely, Mrs. S. Lucero
True Buckeye fans will notice immediately that this mat is not scarlet and gray. It's maroon and gray. And it doesn't stay in one place but shimmies across the floor as you walk on it. It may &#34;stick&#34; better on an outdoor surface like concrete, but on my laundry room's linoleum, it will be a pain until I replace it with something that works better.
one of my speakers dont work and it lays bak to far i cant take this anymore im guna xplode mookie
This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my parents to store their DVD's.  The cabinet was full as shown in the picture.  It was great until 6 months later when the hinges started to deform causing the doors to sag.  Now when you open the doors they drag along the base and scuff the finish.  Larger hinges are needed to carry the weight of a full door of DVD's.
Realizing an "assembly required" particle board bookcase probably doesn't leave much room for aesthetic renderings, I still found myself stymied at how awfully cyrptic the instructions were that accompanied this unit. Don't toss any packing materials-as they double as asssembly component essentials.
This chair is advertised as being "larger and more comfortable than traditional glider chairs," and that is NOT true.I'm 5-foot-9, and at 7 1/2 months pregnant, I weigh about 230 pounds. The headrest doesn't come all the way up the back of my head, the arm rests are too low, and my thighs just fit in the seat with about an inch of room on either side. This chair will not be a comfortable spot for feeding our baby.My husband and I thought we'd return the chair, but with a $130 charge to ship it through Fedex plus a possible restocking fee, we decided that we'll be better off trying to sell it on Craigslist.The chair seems to be made of good quality materials and the company was pretty easy to deal with, so this might be good purchase for a child, a young teen, or a short and petite mom, but it's just not true that this is a "larger than average glider." We've since seen a very similar-looking glider at Babys R Us, and it was by far the smallest one they had.
You probably need to be well over 300LBs to be comfortable in this chair. I'm 250 and if I lean back (which takes considerable force even when the adjustment is turned to its weakest) and take my feet off the floor it flings me forward like a catapult... Furthermore the mesh back is very accommodating and presses uncomfortably into the middle of your back in one place .. This requires that you locate the lumbar cushion so it reduces the pressure but winds up not being useful for actual LUMBAR support....On top of all that, at its lowest setting, the chair holds you about 1-1/2 inches higher than a normal chairI personally would never buy this chair again.
We purchased six of these chairs (3 sets of 2) for an outdoor entertaining area in early September 2011.  Two of the six chairs have webbing coming loose after only one use, and a few days outdoors.  The seat must be attached by the customer to the base with four screws.  Another of the chairs had damaged thru holes, and the seat cannot be attached properly to the base (base was stripped).  Three of the six chairs are fine.The chairs are pretty from a distance and comfortable to sit in, but I fear they will not prove to be a good investment.  We have lodged a complaint with Woodland Direct since the damage to the chairs was noted too late (beyond 7 days) for recourse with Amazon.  I will update with information on whether Woodland supported their product as we hope.The color of the chairs is chocolate brown, or bronze.  It is difficult to tell in the picture.
It is already broken and I totally haven't even used it that much. I'm kinda pissed about it. Ugh, I wish somebody would give me a sturdier table. This is bulls***.
I loved the look of this table and I wish it was better quality.  Unfortunately, I would NOT purchase this product online again.PROS:1.  The way it looks! This is a beautiful "trunk" table with an old world look, and the way the lid slides with inner storage is a HUGE plus for me.  I saw the table in person at a local store and, at a glance, it seemed to be nice quality.  I especially liked the way the lid glided open with EASE **in the store**.2.  The price on Amazon is great! We found this table here, for almost $100 less than the local store in AZ (about $25 less than local store, but Amazon Prime saved us from shipping/delivery fee and local tax).  It seemed like a perfect solution except this table is NOT able to ship without damage because it is just not a well-made product.CONS:1.  The quality just is not there.  In fact, the packing material frame seemed to be better quality than the actual table because it was sturdy and survived the shipping! Even the outer box (both times) appeared to be free from any signs of being dropped or handled roughly.There is no real wood and it is a low-quality pressed board material.  That means that even though I liked the table so much I wanted to repair it instead of sending it back but it was not repairable material.When the first table arrived damaged, we thought the cause was shipping because it is packaged VERY well.  When the second table arrived damaged, we realized there is just no way to ship this on its own because the materials are so cheap that any bumping along the way is just too much for this table to handle.The WORST part?? Taking this huge table back to the UPS store...TWICE! What a pain!! Save yourself the time and disappointment.NOTE: I would like to say that this was the first time I have ever had to return anything from Amazon, especially something so large.  The process of getting a return shipping label was easy and the options did allow for us to have it picked up but we would have had to pay.  Luckily, we own a large vehicle and my husband was strong enough to load it on his own.  If it wasn't such a giant product, the return policy is actually quite good.  I'm just upset at the product being so bad that we went through all of this.
Chair is not sturdy. Was but together sloppily and needed to be fixed.  Would not buy this chair again nor recommend it.
Some pieces were scratched and it came with missing bolts that I had to go buy myself to avoid waiting. CPU compartment is little too shallow for average CPU so the door does not close properly.
I would rate myself as very skilled at assembling items. This desk took me over two hours to build. It was missing screws, had imperfections in the finish (contact paper) and a damaged door. I went on the manufacturers website to order parts as instructed. It wanted me to provide a picture of the receipt! It was shipped directly from them to me a week earlier, yet I had to prove that I bought it. I am disappointed with the quality of finish and materials. Feels like a $99 desk to me. Do not recommend this unit.
I was not aware that the product what the product was made of' I assumed it was chip board which is poor enough but it turns out to be something like highly compressed paper pulp. Very weak, very heavy and not very durable. The maker even warns that the product should not be situated in full sun as the sun would harm the finish. Also a complicated product to assemble. The instructions are weak as one would expect from a low end Chinese product.  I do not recommend the product.
Nice desk but badly damaged when I opened the box. It has a lot of space for storage great for the price but with the fully scratched top doesn't look as nice as it should
I purchased this without seeing it obviously. That was a big mistake. Had I seen it at the store, I would have known that it was crappy materials used to build it.  I've owned it for one year and it has already broken in the back.  The screws have stripped out of the connecting piece. I have to get gorrilla glue to fix it so it holds together.  Definitely not worth the money.
Reading the other reviews for this item, I was expecting it to take a while to assemble this thing. Even so, what a pain. It takes about 15 minutes just to get the parts out of the two (2) boxes.  Many, many hours later... after many irritating problems, we discover that several key items are missing. Nothing is more fun than waiting for a company to ship your replacement parts when it's 90% finished.So what's the end result?  A very ugly-looking desk. So ugly, in fact, that I am already hunting for a different desk.  It's the fake brown plastic/paint they melt over the body of this desk that ruins it.  It looks extremely cheap sitting right next to a very reasonably-priced desk from World Market.I wasn't expecting a vintage piece of furniture here, but it falls far below my modest expectations.
This desk took a long time to assemble, the keyboard tray does not slide smoothly, the knee opening is too narrow.
Photo looked better than actual item. Difficult and time consuming assembly. Directions clear, but not for the mechanically challenged. Not worth it in the end.
This table scratches and chips so easily...unless you plan to put a covering on this table expect it not to last long without being scratched. The chairs that match this table however are excellent and do not scratch or chip...go figure
9/4/13 ORIGINAL:  I bought this for my elderly mother who lives in a healthcare unit. She's wheelchair bound, so this gives her accessible storage without being a barrier in the room. It was easy to assemble, and I fastened it to the wall instead of the bed, since the bed raises and lowers. My mother was pleased.9/25/13 UPDATE:  I can no longer endorse this product.  I went to my mother's room and found the headboard kneeling, with one leg broken.  I guess the other reviewers' assessments of particle board were correct.  I just ordered a similar headboard in real wood from another site.  That's an expensive lesson learned.
this s*** sucked it fell apart on me and i didnt even use it! i just assembled it together and i fell apart!!! aggravated!
One piece was broken, after going through 90 million hoops and pictures, i finally got a replacement for the broken piece. I would never recommend this seller, their return policy is atrocious.As for the piece, its very cheap quality, and installation instructions are horrendous  luckily i have built many entertainment centers, desks, etc... so I managed).
When assembling this item, we had to be delicate in doing so as not to chip some of the sauder boards. The material is flimsy so a lot of care is needed to assemble the parts but once completed it looked decent but not that great for the price paid.
I just opened the package and started taking out the parts.  None of then were wrapped in paper or thin foam so the pieces can be easily damaged.  I had to request 4 new parts that were broken or had cosmetic flaws. So may floor is covered with pieces and I have to wait for the replacement parts.  The particle board appears to be of poor quality.  So when I get the pieces and finish the assembly I hope it lasts.
This rug collects every piece of dirt possible.Doesnt stay in place well, either.VERY hard even for our dyson to pick up lint from this carpet.
The rug is 'fine.' Nothing special (which I knew in advance).  The issue is that it is already starting to unravel - essentially, I am finding little pieces of the plastic backing coming up through the runner that I have to cut off with scissors. It was inexpensive. As the saying goes....&#34;You get what you pay for.&#34;
Not built to standards.  Basically the holes used to attach this desk to the wall are not spaced appropriately.  If you are installing this on a wall where you are dependant on beams to hold this thing up, be prepared to drill additional holes.  The existing screw holes on the wall attachement are not spaced out properly.  Beams within the wall are normally spaced out either 12 or 16 inches appart and the holes on the desk mount are much less than that.  So either you just attach the thing to just one beam or you'll need to get the drill out.  In additon, the desk came with no installation instructions.  It's not difficult to install without any instructions, but it would have been nice to have some, which would have save me a few minutes of guessing.  Also, my packaging came with a bunch of required screws missing.  I don't know if it's because I received a previously returned item or if it's just poor quality control on the manufacturers part.  However, all said and done, once you properly install it, its not a bad desk.
The Cons just outweigh the Pros. Cons: Less than two weeks after being put together with very light use the seat is already sagging in the middle. It's a bit short. Even a very short adult (5'1") won't be able to lay down. Pros: The fabric is soft. The color is great.  The style is really cool, it's a good fit for small spaces (The legs come off and the back is packed flat to the seat and just needs to be snapped in). It got in the basement door of a Brooklyn Brownstone with no problem. It took me, a non-handy girl on my own, less than 15 minutes to put together (no tools necessary - just screw in the legs). I just think this thing isn't going to hold up. I may send it back. If you're buying it for look alone and don't intend on ever sitting on it -- maybe. But if you've got a small apartment and this is going to be your one and only sofa you might want to think twice. Hopefully Amazon customer service comes through, because I suspect this thing may make it two years if I'm lucky, but my money is on one year tops.