I like the color and functionality of this piece, and I love that it is FSC certified. My only issue is the kickplate and top arrived nicked. If I didn't have a $50 gift card I would have been upset.
I read the reviews and debated the purchase of these night tables.  I knew that I would be getting particle board, but was disappointed with the quality control.  The bottom kickplates of both tables (the crucial piece that holds the table together) didn't fit without extra drilling.  On my first one there was a nail through one of the 4 dowel holes.  I had to clip it out.  On the second one,  one template had been installed upside-down resulting in me having to drill out 1/8 of an inch to get 2 of the dowels in to secure the table.  Also on the second table the drawer back was a bit too narrow, resulting in an unevenly nailed finish.  The completed tables look fine to the eye and if you didn't know what I had gone through you wouldn't be able to tell.  However, I did debate returning them.
Having different monitor settings makes buying things online difficult.. But no matter what setting a computer is on, this is not crayola blue. Now my husband and I look like we have a childs room for our own. The building was easy, but you can tell how cheap this product is when you put it together yourself. Lots of cardboard and partical board.
Looks decent when put together, but it really is a pain to put together. Also I never saw this mentioned in the reviews or anywhere else, but you'll need a Robertson/square screwdriver for some of the drawer screws
This nightstand is very cute, and the color doesn't clash with my daughters white toddler bed at all. The drawer is a decent size. The only bad thing that I have found with this is that the drawer is kind of hard to pull out, and when my daughter tried to open it to get her books out, it fell over onto her leg :( so please be aware of this with smaller children. My advice is get one of those dresser straps (that you attach one end to dresser and other to the wall) and then it can't fall over. But overall it is a very good buy, well made, very cute. Hope this helps you make your decision.
We bought the South Shore Summer Breeze nightstand, twin bookcase headboard and 3 drawer bed for our 3 1/2 year old son.The wood is all &#34;press board&#34; or particle board which is to be expected when dealing with this type of furniture.some pieces came damaged or the decorative wood color was peeling/peeled off...I did not bother to contact the company regarding this because damage was minimal and peeling color was not going to be visible once the furniture was assembled.The nightstand - This was by far the hardest piece to put together. It took me 2 evenings to put the thing together (approx. 3-6 hours). The problem is the drawer, the bottom of the drawer was the wrong size and the holes were not drilled in the right spot. A lot of cursing, pushing/pulling, drilling my own holes and using my table saw were required to get this thing together. Even after it was assembled the drawer does not slide in and out easily, the slides are plastic and they have a small gray piece that is supposed to help them glide together easily but because the drawer is too big for the actual night stand it would not go in with the plastic piece in place so we cannot use the drawer until I purchase metal slides from Lowes.Also, its not complete obvious in the photo but you CANNOT use the first drawer under the bed with the night stand in place as it blocks about 3 inches of the drawer. The only way to use it is to put the night stand far away from the bed, use the drawer and then put it back into place....too much hassle...All in all I wish I hadn't purchased this night stand...I wish I would have saved my money for something of much better quality (real wood!). The &#34;wood&#34; is poor quality, the slides are horrible and the pieces aren't assembled/cut properly...however I did give it 3 stars because once it is put together it is very nice looking and I'm sure that once I get the metal slides we should get at least 1-2 years use out of it.
The night table looks nice, and the shelf slides out smoothly and quietly. It also feels really sturdy. For the price it's a decent nightstand, but I took off two stars for a couple of reasons:- The instruction manual that comes with it is terrible.- One of the pieces that came pre-assembled had a part glued on backwards making assembly out-of-the-box impossible. I spent a frustrating half an hour trying to make it fit together correctly until I figured out it was defective. I was finally able to make it work by drilling a new hole in it and buying a screw from a hardware store.- The shipping took a few days longer than expected. I'm not paying for two-day shipping to have it come a week later, and miss the delivery deadline by a few days.Overall I'm happy with my purchase, but thought I should let potential buyers know that the quality assurance isn't great on these, the instruction manual is terrible, and shipping may take longer than expected. But it you're prepared to deal with these issues then purchase away!
This chair could have been more awesome.  The cushions are fine, although I see what people mean about the "cheap" fabric; they definitely don't seem built to last.  We had problems with the arms, too.  The holes in the arms weren't drilled properly, and it was very difficult to get the arms to secure tightly to the back of the chair; in fact, we had to settle for getting them to a point where they weren't actively sliding around.  There's still a half-inch gap.  The cushions mostly cover it up, but all in all, it's not what we were hoping for.  Taking it apart to return it would be impossible by this point (I think we stripped the bolts on the arms trying to tighten them, as well as utterly destroying the allen key that came with the chair) so we're considering keeping it in a room other than the nursery - somewhere where it won't be used so often - and getting another, higher quality one.
Product was acceptable, but a little overpriced in terms of overall quality. also, it had a small dent i,n the top rear. Overall, quality was acceptable.
Just bought this table and was very impressed with the clear assembly instructions. I've put together alot of furniture and this was by far the best written and most organized instructions. Still, you need about an hour to finish, and you need only a screwdriver. After I stood the table up, I was shocked at how tall it was! I should have read the fine print, but this table is 22" tall, and most coffee tables are 16-18" tall. It just looks weird in front of a couch. However, I was impressed with the quality and having invested an hour of my life in this project, I decided to cut 4" off the legs. 30 minutes later it was the perfect size! But oh no, I wasn't done yet. There was the little matter of the stupid sticker they stuck on the back of the table, warning that "furniture is dangerous if it falls on children". Really, do we need a warning like that on a coffee table?!? (Even if it is freakishly tall) Anyway, I figured I'd just peel that off and be done, but it wasn't an easy-peel-off label, it was stuck on with super-sticky glue. The same idiot who thought such a warning label was necessary also thought it needed to be on there permanently, in clear view. It's a coffee table, people, you see both sides! So, another 30 minutes to scrape the thing with my finger nails and I finally had a nice result.
The photo is misleading. Looks like woodgrain surrounds the acrylic but what you get is only the clear acrylic holder. I feel cheated. this product should only cost HALF of what Amazon charged me for it.(about $12.00 each and I bought six). I got a good mind to return them. I don't know whether I will do that or if I will keep them.Good item but it is not worth $12,00 a holder. Don't buy them at that price.
It's a good product for the price. I've had it about 3 years now, and it's held up pretty well. A couple cupholders came off (they were glued on), but they pop back in easily.The felt is a pretty good quality as well. It brings a very nice feel to my home poker games, and it also works well as just a general gaming table for a bunch of people.Storage-wise, it also folds up pretty easily, though it is a little heavy (easy to move for a 150 lb. semi-active guy like me, but my 98 lb. wife can't lug it about too easily).Worth it if you regularly host gaming nights/poker games.
I bought this for my nephew.  He likes it, although it is more like a mat than a rug, but as long as it has the Steeler's on it, it's good for him.
The chair is comfortable, but slides a little too well. I almost fell off when sliding and getting up. So, the wheels are in great condition.
This rug is big and heavy. It looks nice in my living room with our &#34;hardwood looking&#34; vinyl flooring. I was disappointed in how dirty it seems to be. Since it's winter here and wet and snowy outside I am unable to get it outside for a really good shaking. When I shake the ends, I see a great deal of dust and debris coming up, only to settle back into the shag. Also, I'm not sure if this is made with recycled materials but there seems to be little plastic strings of weird colors, like bright blues and white. The rug is dark brown. I am hoping once I can get it outside and shake everything out, that I will be as happy as the first reviewer.
It serves the purpose and quality is mediocre but good enough if affordability is the issue.  In all it is a decent product.
I was surprised at the quality..  I did take a long time to get the set together.  about 2 hours..  so if you order be prepared to send a long time going this..  Made in American  a  plus
I have been looking for a bunk bed for my 2 daughters for a while and came across this set with good reviews.  I was hesitant to purchase the set without having seen it first but the price was right so I went ahead and ordered it.  It came yesterday and took my husband around 2 hours to put it together.  It looks like quality materials and the construction was relatively easy.  So overall, a good set for the money.But, there are a few things I don't like: the bolts are visible and it would've been nice if they were countersunk into the wood with a cap or something-I may paint them white to disguise them a bit more.  The child on the bottom bunk literally has to roll out of bed since there isn't much head room at all.  And it's a giant pain to make the beds-which I'm assuming is the case with most bunk beds.
This table was easy to assemble but is so heavy.  You can tell that it is composite materials by the excess weight.  Mine has a little chink in the wood but is lovely to look at and darker than the description would indicate.  I wanted a darker table so it suits me fine.
This table was bigger and heavier than I wanted,  sorry, had to return it. It was not what I wanted
Its ok but I am 6&#34; 4' and it is a litte recliner legs hang off end about 8 inches.
This is a pretty nice desk. It is attractive and very functional. It did however, take me approximately 8 hours to assemble, and I have many years of carpentry experience. So be warned when purchasing this product, that when it arrives, there is plenty of work to be done.
I did my homework on this purchase - I read reviews, I shopped around, and I thought about it several days so it wasn't an impulse buy.  While it looks nice, overall I'm disappointed.  I never saw or read that the opening (where you sit) is so narrow; it's only about 19.5" wide.  That's barely wide enough to put my legs in when sitting in front of the desk, and certainly not wide enough for a chair to slide under.  The other thing that annoys the heck out of me is the dang keyboard - as you're typing, the stupid thing keeps sliding in under the desk.  You either have to stop every few words and pull it back out, or cross your legs somehow (certainly not UNDER the desk) and hold it with your knee.I wish I'd been able to see one of these in person before I bought it.  Unfortunately Staples on has it online -- I learned that after specifically visiting about 4 locations just to see this thing.I wouldn't buy it again.
It's a nice desk, but to small.The leg room is small, it's not high enough... I thought it was a bigger desk, for sure.And the assembly was a headache, some screws didn't fit, and we had to use smaller ones or bigger ones, and we ended up not having enough in some other places...I wouldn't buy it again.
Was very easy to put together. Very small desk. It's ok for a small person or child, but not for a man. I would recommend this for a small person. It arrived in very good shape. One scratch on top of desk, but it's not to bad. Looks nice in computer room.
metal pins (item 35) are missing.  So the board in the left cabin couldn't be laid in.I believe metal pin (item 9) is a wrong piece.  it doesn't fit into the inserted thread. (could be wrong thread too)manual could be better, either the sketch to be zoomed in more to show details, or to have more words to explain.it's too much assembly for a desk of this size. My labor will add another $300 to it's value. So do I have to love it because of IKEA EFFECT?It's definitely not for everyone.
It is a beautiful stable desk, however it is very low. I was disappointed at how low, considering I, myself, am very short. The stool I used for my previous desk will not work for this one as the stool barely fits under it. If I am to buy a new chair for this I feel I will be sitting practically on the ground. I would like this better if it had longer legs and was raised a few inches. I hate the idea of sliding bricks under it just to raise it up- because it is such a beautiful desk and I feel like doing that will ruin the clean appearance.It was as described, I just did not take the measurments beyond depth and width into consideration.It is incredibly sturdy, clean, and a great organization tool for my office.
It's a very small desk.  My current desk chair won't push in because the opening isn't wide enough.  Sits low and the desk space is minimal.  Overall the appearance is nice but I wish it was bigger.
I like this desk because it has draws, cabinet, keyboard panel etc. and the color looks nice. The cons are space between the cabinet and the drawers is too small to fit the standard office chair. Also, after I put my pc on it, it doesn't have much space for other stuffs such as document filing stack or printer. If you have a lot of big items such as scanner or printer that you want to put on the desk, this desk is probably not a good choice. Since this desk comes with 3 draws and a cabinet, you will expect a lot of assembling pieces. It took us more than 2 hours to assemble all the pieces.
It doesn't look as good as it dose in the picture. It has a few imperfection, around the edges and there are a couple of spots where the staples are almost sticking threw the finish. And there are a few Scuffs from shipping, But its pretty sturdy for the price. No problem putting it together just follow step buy step instruction a piece of cake, One small problem some of the parts have the labels on the large flat surface , which is great. But some have the labels stuck on the 5/8&#34; edges that you have to fine.
Overall the desk is ok.  Aesthetically, it's an appealing piece of furniture and the color is accurate.  It took me almost 4 hours to ut it together - there are a ton of little screws (and I used a power screw driver).  The thing with this desk is that the laminate is real, real, real, real cheap.  It's a thin plastic laminate over the wood and any scratch is visible in the laminate, and can't be fixed.  The desk came with a couple marks in the laminate on the desk top.  They aren't huge so I just put it together.  It's an inexpensive desk and that is becasue the material is cheap.  The instructions were mostly clear and easy to follow.
A good desk with one big defect.PROS: It looks classy, not cheap, even up close.  The "dark cherry" finish, though not exactly 'woody', is convincing enough. The file drawer is 'real': it's the right size for standard-sized folders and comes with rails to hang file hangers from. The cabinet on the left has openings in the back for cables, and is perfect for storing unsightly electronics like modems and routers.CONS: The major design flaw is that the pull-out keyboard tray actually doesn't pull out very far.  This is because the desk's top/surface panel, which "overhangs" the base, juts out about 3.5" forward of the base. When the keyboard tray pulls out, a good part of it remains underneath the desk top and is essentially inaccessible. So the tray is fine for keyboard storage, but every time you need to pull it out and type, you only get about 5 inches' worth of tray, and of keyboard (depth-wise), to work with.  Unless you have a tiny keyboard, this is a problem. I've had to reposition my big Microsoft Natural keyboard to hang off the front of the tray every time I need to type -- which is about 30 times a day. (Typing with the fingers under the desk top may be possible, but it hasn't worked for me.)  Even so, the keyboard barely fits, and it feels like it's about to fall off the tray. For this alone I give the desk 3 stars and not 5.Also, the keyboard tray is fairly narrow and, depending on the size of your keyboard, may leave just a little room for the mouse.
Its a nice desk, for a small office or perfect for home use. I was expecting stronger drawers, but these should work just fine. Nice color and looks really pretty.
This is a cute, sturdy little house but its way too expensive.  We only pay 1, 080 for it and it was on sale.  Its VERY heavy boxes, HUGE, about the size of a sheet of sheet rock, and they are HEAVY boxes.  So you needs lots of help.  then you need 3 men to put this together w/out it taking FOREVER or someone getting hurt.  I wish the inside of the dollhouse had detail like the outside.  Its just purple w/ unfinished looking windows and no detail.  Kids dont really mind, but that bugs me that it was so pricey and they didnt make the inside loft look nice.  Also, there arent any holes underneight for wires for a tv or anything that u migt want to set on the little nook in the bottom by that full sized bed in the picture (u cant see the little shelf but its behind the front shelves).  Also, the screw things that hold the hting together are exposed in several places and loooks tacky.  I will probaby paint them to match each color so they don't bug me every time i see them. That is tacky looking.  Also, this does not come w/ optional steps.  I think we are going to make some for it though.  The very bottom cubby hole underneight the 'steps' on the side is just hallow.  its fun for my 4 toddler to play in but i dont know what its for besdies just hiding things.  its too hard, exposes ur flooring (so u have to vacuum it, cant just wip it like a shelf).  Also, not even a toddler can sit up on the bottom bed and not hit thier head.  the loft is VERY low.  I have a toddler bed under thier now so its ok but when we put a regular bed undre there, we won't be able to use a bed frame or it will be so high the kid will have to scoot thier head under it.All in all, nice cute houes but wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too expensive for being a little unpractical in alot of ways.  Also, if you are handy and can kinda alter it to fit yoru needs, i think that is a possiblity.  We might try and make the bottom where a twin mattress will fit length ways and not stick out. and we are making steps our selfa few weeks later:  Well, i like it even less.  We had to purchase bumper pads (like for sharp edged furniture) and put in where the steps are so it doesnt KILL the feet when you are climbing into it.  The are 'decorative' edges taht stick out past otehr places, making everyone hit their head on the lower level, like when playing on the floor.  Kinda of like how on kid stuff nothing protrudes out past other parts or kids will knock thier head or fall.  But this DOES.  Notice the lower part under the bed part that is 'decorate' opposite sides of the shelves.  I had to 'bumper pad' these too because my 4 yr old kept hitting her head really hard on them cuz she can always walk under the bed, except for that little peice sticking out.  Bad design
after purchasing this item and putting it together realized how low the overhead area is for anyone walking, sleeping, or even when used for storage, it is! The headroom if any bed is put in space is minimual. My daughters have hit their heads many times just trying to get on/off a toddler mattress set vertically next to cubby. Neither my 5 or 6 yr old ejoys being on lower level (despite recent placement of a lcd 19" t.v. **again, cubby has very limited height, viewing space, and accessability to run power cords. I drilled a hole on backside of cubby to run them). I also am disappointed that no stairs were avail with such an expensive unit. I ended up improvising with a cabinet I placed horizontally at side of upper bunk. The "steps" are only slightly more stable or safe than a slanted ladder.Had I to do it over again, would've chose to spend money on a totally different unit.
Pictures were not accurate!  The item is darker and I expected it to be more maple.  It was hard to put together and a couple of the pieces came broken which put a delay in our surprise.  It's a piece of furniture that once you set it in place you don't want to move because it's very fragile.  Will not purchase this item again.
Received 3 damaged tables. Customer service was great and new table tops were shipped quickly!  Shipping department needs to do a better job.  Received 2 unusable tables, the 3rd was damaged but fixable. After waiting over a month after I first received the original table we settled for the least damaged, a repair kit and a partial refund.
You get what you pay for, or at least you should. the table was damaged, the customer service was not nice, but not helpful. I just fixed it the best I could and painted it.
The chair works well enough for what it is.  My son has been using this chair for about two years.  The wooden back started cracking right way, but never actually broke.  The plastic cushion that it comes with fell apart after about a year.  So the quality is not great, but for the price, it's hard to complain.  I'll probably get another one when my daughter is old enough.
I was looking for a cheaper headboard with a bookcase, so I ordered this Sauder Orchard Hills Headboard.  I've had other furniture items from Sauder and the quality was very good.  This headboard is very poor in quality, but once it is put together, it doesn't look too bad.
It is made of particle board, so don't try to reinforce it with any extra screws ( you will be tempted) to close the gaps between components. The material will split wide open.
It does what it's supposed to... be a headboard with shelves. It's actually easier to put together if you DON'T read the instructions. It's pretty self-explanatory, but the directions are vague and seem confusing. Use them as a reference for parts only, not actual assembly. It's not quite wide enough for my queen size bed, and puts a little strain on the frame of the headboard. Like I said, it serves it's purpose. It is not the highest quality, but it's relatively solid, and you get a decent product for a decent price. Not a bad purchase.
This is a nice head board, but says for a full or queen, not really a good fit for a full.  Bought for a full sized bed frame, sticks out about 3 inches on each side and looks rediculous!  Luckily we have an extra queen set to replace the full.  Bought for out 5 year old to spruce up his bedroom...now he gets to be a very lucky 5 year old who gets to sleep in his very own queen sized bed!  What it comes down to, is that I wouldn't recomend this for a full...
Disappointed with the color match - it actually turned out to be a darker wood than is seen in the ad.
This unit is fairly well made for assemble-it-yourself furniture, but it comes in ONE very tightly packed box. It is HEAVY!. Unless you have muscles to spare, you will need help to move and unpack the box. Also, make sure to assemble it very near to where it will be as it gets heavier as you progress through the assembly.There were a couple of parts that were damaged either in transit or manufacturing. A simple stop at the manufacturer site and a few clicks and replacement parts arrive at your door in a few days (no charge).There were plenty of screws/connectors/etc, but be patient and follow the directions; not all of the steps are intuitively obvious.
Credenza was delivered timely. Packaging looked very good on the outside but the unit had a few corners that were damaged and the bottom runner was broken, so handling by shipper was rough. Some glue, stain, elbow grease and few modifications covered the damage.The finish is very acceptable. The instructions easy to read and follow; assembly was quick. Unit is very functional.Would recommend opening the package before the delivery is complete, as I would have not accepted it as delivered.
I bought this non skid after my dog had ACL surgery. Every shed hair from my two dogs stood out on the Chocolate Brown runner. Because he of the material of the runner it made it very difficult to vacuum up. I have an expensive and strong vacuum but it was not match. I eventually replaced because of the difficulty with the dog hairs sticking to the carpet.
I bought this runner for our main floor hallway about 1 year ago. It has held up very well.The problem though, is the color I chose, it shows every speck of dirt that has been brought in from outside or tracked from the kitchen by our twin toddlers.This runner won't slip across the floor when you step on it, but it does give to movement and allows bumps to form, which can cause a trip if you aren't careful.I just ordered a second one of these runners in the almond color, which I hope will show less dirt. This one is getting moved to the basement hallway.So yes, I recommend this runner (especially for the price), but don't get the chocolate brown.
I love the frame, it is easy to assemble and very sturdy, the mattress is a thin, lumpy piece of junk, I had to buy a $40 memory foam, mattress pad, to make it comfortable enough for my 7 y.o. son to use. I really wish I would have bought just the frame and bought a separate mattress.
This was a typical Ikea product - it came in a box in a whole bunch of pieces, but I could tell that it was too big and heavy for what I wanted to use it for (a night table that I could fold down). I ended up shipping it back, so I lost money on the shipping, but the company was very accommodating and quick to respond and I got an immediate refund for the product. Next time, I'll be more diligent about checking dimensions and weight.
Was wanting to use this as my new computer desk because of the limited space we have available in our home office. It works but I can't help but feel that the arm could just give out a any second. Installation wasn't difficult, but like all IKEA products there directions are cryptic. Also, you can't put much weight on this thing.
Still yet to use.  I bought this for a table in my kitchen when I get it remodeled. I can say I was not disappointed in its quality. It is well made and is heavy to lift which tells me it is solid.  I would but it again without hesitation because of its quality.
Firstly, now that it is mounted it is good looking and sturdy and a good value for the money. I found the instructions took me lots of time to understand, more so than other do-it-yourself projects I have undertaken. The best part after you assemble it, is having to attach the whole 20 lb assembly to the wall using 5 bolts not included. The directions should have had you attach the hinged desk top to the wall bracket after you hung the wall bracket. Unless you are very handy or use my recommendation, you might be well to have someone else do the installation.
I bought these chairs because everyone else said how easy they were to assemble.  Apparently I got different chairs from them because these were not easy.  The holes were drilled too much at an angle and I had to keep swapping backs and seats until I got a fit but when I got to the last chair I was out of swapping.  We had to re-drill the holes to make it work.  NOT easy.
We chose these particular parsons chairs because of the color, and the visual of the padding on the seat - they looked more comfortable than other options around the same price point.  Unfortunately, we received the wrong product (what we got were black with brown legs, not medium brown chairs with darker legs) and the seller Moshya did a fair job of trying to rectify the situation.  In the end, after some going back and forth (one too many times in my opinion), we recieved a full refund.  Moshya did further investigating and it turns out that the product that is being shipped by the manufacturer and sold by Moshya and apparently 5 other resellers is in fact a different product than pictured.  Moshya says they are trying to update the photo as they do seem to care about their customer service.  Moshya did TRY to make it right so I'm giving them 3 stars for effort.  But what irked me further was that they begged me several times to remove the negative seller rating I had initially given them. I told them several times I would do that after the situation had been completely resolved the first time they brought this up, but they proceeded to remind me every single time we spoke (which was several).  Very annoying.  They still have some learning to do as a business I think - I wouldn't discourage anyone from buying from Moshya but I would definitely double check on this particular product before purchasing.  Now I must search for other chairs.