I bought 2 units and they worked well so I orderd a third to hold all of my cd's and dvd's.
I love the nightstand.  It's a perfect size and looks great.  Only negative is that it collects alot of dust.
We ordered this for my son's bedroom. yes..it is not of the best quality but it is perfect for his room and seems pretty solid. We actually glues the sides and joints just to make it a little more sturdy. Great product.
Good value for the price.  I was able to assemble by myself in about 90 minutes. The instructions were clear and the parts well marked.  The only problem I had was with one board whose holes were not properly pre-drilled (was able to fix quickly with my drill).  Assembled unit works very well in my guest bedroom and looks nice.  Note that the draw guides are plastic and not metal (understandable given the price) which gives it a slightly cheap feel to it.
it was simple to assemble (mine came without instructions), the color is just what i expected. it has a &#34;brushed&#34; look. the top is a little heavy, so when the drawer is pulled it tips over. we have hardwood floor, so we used some 3m command strips to adhere it to the floor so it wouldn't tip forward.
Really nice lamp table to match my grandson's room.  I was very pleased!  He likes it and that's what counts.
The nightstand arrived a day late through Free Shipping on Orders Over $35. All pieces were in perfect condition, along with all included tools to put it together. The instructions recommend 2 people to build it, but I did it just fine myself. My only complaint is that when I tried to stick a plastic dowel into a hole in part P, a nail that had been drilled into the part was going through the hole only allowing a little over half of the plastic dowel to fit. I decided to see how it would connect to part C like that and it did just fine. A little sloppy on the company's part though. Once it is assembled it looks very pretty and expensive. The drawer slides in and out smoothly and quietly. The finish is beautiful and goes perfectly with my antique white vanity and dresser. ***Note: If you are planning on placing this nightstand in a place where the back is visible then do not purchase! The back is cardboard with factory print on it.
I ordered the entire South Shore Summer Breeze Collection in Chocolate, all of it was good quality for the money.  It was relatively simple to put together, easier than Ikea flat pack furniture! The nightstand had two pieces of wood that were cracked, I called the company and they sent out the new pieces no questions asked. I am very pleased with how everything looks in my son's room. My only complaint is the design (as shown in the picture) - you can't open the first bed drawer with the nightstand there, I think it is designed to be used the other side, however my son's bed is against a wall, so can't be used that side.
Although I think this would have sufficed with a cheaper price tag. I purchased two of these, for my husband and I. Despite the price, they were on the cheaper side of what looked to be good quality night stands and don't get me wrong, they are, but I guess the downside was it took hours to get this put together (probably didn't help that we didn't have a hammer haha). The drawer also doesn't have a wheel or anything so they don't slide in and out as smoothly as I would've liked.Other than that, they are pretty good quality for the price and were one of the few that fit the height of our bed. All in all, it's just good to get our stuff off the floor : D
Looks just like I wanted.Really frustrating to assemble though :(  My 13 year old had to help me and he was also frustrated.
This is a good looking night table. My cat likes sleeping in bottom of it. It is sturdy and not cheap looking.
I was looking for something a little different in color for my bedroom and this adds just the touch, good quality and great price.
I bought this as part of a set for my three year olds room. It took me about 30 minutes to put together the directions are not hard to read or understand. The piece is durable and the finish is beautiful for a boy or a girl. I would buy this set again or tell a friend about it. Well worth the price including the whole set.
I think this nightstand was the perfect size and color for the nursery I'm doing for my first child.  The wood seems sturdy and solid and the color is beautiful.  I think the price is worth it for this piece.
assembled it is a nice dresser/night table combination. a large amount of time and space is needed to put this together
Overall a good,easy to put together,attractive,functional piece of bedroom furniture for the price. I also purchased the captain's bed that matches this and I recommend it also allthough it requires a bit more skill and heavy lifting to put together. Came with everything I needed and despite arriving with one broken board the company sent me another right away free of charge and considering it was coming from Canada a week was not bad at all. Looks great. Made of very thick wood so it is sturdy. Overall a good buy.
Needed a night stand for the nursery.  This matched my set from CostCo perfectly and is pretty decent for this type of use.  I wouldn't put it in a master bedroom but is good for what I have purchased it for and it was fairly inexpensive.
An info paper with the stand said it would hold tv's up to 90 pounds, the Amazon description says 70. I have a 65 pound appliance on it, works fine and is stable.From the front and sides every surface is finished, but the back edge of the shelves are not, so it has those bare strips on the back, towards the wall.Casters work well for moving it around.Packing from the factory has reinforcements around edges to protect the box as it ships to retail stores and then to you, well protected.The advantage or disadvantage is that it is lower than other stands, I needed s short one, which is why I bought it, really is 15.5 inches tall.
This cart is good for a small television in a bedroom or den.  Easy to put together.
I have had this chair for almost 2 years now, I thought it is a good amount of time to come back and review it. It was easy to put together and holds up well under use. We have found that it isn't the most comfortable for people who are taller who have back trouble. The padding is fairly stiff and therefore doesn't conform to your body shape at all- just stays in it's own shape while you're in it. If we put a couch pillow (throw pillow- not large pillow!) where our lower lumbar area is, it makes the support much better for us. We also use a blanket on the top for some more head support. I'd have liked a bit more give in the cushion, but hey- it is durable, we have been able to work with it ok with the pillow/blanket additions for support. We don't use the ottoman, so I can't comment on that. We've spent hours in this chair from the time our little one was a newborn. The arms of the chair help hold a Boppy Pillow well if you're nursingUpdate 1/8/2012. This chair is still going strong! Great quality and construction!
Item was as advertised. Putting it together was a little bit of a hassle as the instructions were not real clear. Very comfortable. Overall I would recommend.
The rocker is great.  Very comfortable and easy to put together.  The only complaint I have is with the arm pads.  They have snaps to keep them on, but they slide back and forth.  Any way to tighten them on the rocker arms would be the only improvement I can think of!
This chair made such a difference when i was feeding my baby.  gliders really are made to bond and feed!  this glider is comfortable.  Its not too low or narrow.  really the perfect size.  Only complaint is the arm rest roll around the wood and do not stay in place.  This glider has been a great addtion to our home; its pretty too.
The structure of the glider and ottomon is very sturdy.  The movement back and forth is smooth.  The oak stain and finish is pleasing and should last a long time.  The cushions could have been made softer.
This is a wonderful chair for the price. It was so easy to put together. I did it myself at 5 months pregnant. It is a smooth glider, does not make noise and the picture does not do it justice. It is very pretty. The only con I have to give it is that the cushions are not as soft as I had hoped.They are kind of firm but good for a sore back:) Fantastic chair. I am really happy with this buy:)
I put the glider together myself at 7 months pregnant without any problems.  It looks great and works well.  My only complaint is the armrest pads don't stay in place very well.  It is quite comfortable.
This product is great!  For the price...it is unbeatable.  I am 7 1/2 months pregnant, and i put it together myself in less than 10 mintues.  The only compliant i have, which is not a big one at all, is one that i read before i got this glider.  My sole compliant is that the arm cushions do not stay in place, but it's not that big of a deal.  Comfort wise, i am happy.  If your looking for a glider that you just sink into and is super soft....this is not it.  The cushions are supportive, but soft enough.  The gliding motion is very, very smooth and the ottoman is just as great.  I've been using it every night since i got it and i really do love it.  For those who cannot afford to pay upwards of $400 or $500 for a rocker/glider...you most certainly should get this one.
First one we received had a broken horizontal bar on the base of the chair.  However, Amazon replaced immediately.  UPS came to the door to pick up the broken item the next day and another one was shipped ASAP.  Kudos again to Amazon's return policies and simple process.  Second chair was in good shape--no issues.  Chair does what it should.  Glides smooth and quiet after a month of use and will hopefully continue to do so.  Average quality--worth the money you paid.  Arm cushions spin around.  Recommend tacking cushion to the arm underneath the padding--simple fix solves the problem.
Great match for the rest of the bedroom set.  The right door was fine for the first 6 months but it warped somehow and now it won't close (2&#34;-3&#34; gap at the bottom of the door.
Delivered quickly. Nothing to put together which was nice.  Heavier than expected.  Average quality. I was hoping it would be a little darker.
I bought this from target along with a few other Hudson pieces.  It looks great and seems to be very sturdy - was very easy to put together with the help of a friend and electric screwdriver.  My only problem was when it arrived it had a Large scratch across the entire top piece. Normally I would return, but too much of a hassle and I really do like the TV stand.  I have a 42' TV so it covers most of it anyway.  Would highly recommend - hopefully  it will not arrive with scratches.  Also, shipment was VERY fast received it the next day!
This table is a nice sturdy piece of furniture once you get it assembled. Assembly, however, is a REAL pain, especially if you don't get all the parts. The toll-free number provided for replacement parts gives you no way to talk to a real person. You are forced to leave a message and wait for them to call you back. Also, you should be warned that the table is significantly taller than what I typically think of a coffee table height. That being said, it's really a quite nice piece of furniture for the price. Just be prepared for the frustration of assembly.
I would like to buy this table as a TV stand. My TV is 94 lbs. It is 29 Inch normal Trinitron TV. (Not a flat screen). Is anyone using this table with 29 Inch or more normal TV?? Please let me know how it works. I called Target, but they did not have the answer... Many thanks.
We have a similar, smaller storage cabinet from Sauder that we outgrew, and so we purchased this cabinet made by Prepac. I like the size (Sauder doesn't make one this big), but I was a little disappointed with the quality.The cabinet arrived in two boxes, and was well-packed. When I opened it, the assembly instructions were missing. I went to Prepac's website, and they emailed the instructions right away.It was easy to assemble, especially if you've done the assemble-yourself type of furniture before. One thing that is not clear from the picture is that there is a large board right in the front of the cabinet, between the two swinging doors. It was very irritating, because it made it hard to see the DVD's I had in the main shelves. I eventually just took that board out. It's there for support, but I think the cabinet will be okay without it, especially since the doors are closed most of the time..After I put the whole cabinet together and had it in place, the base didn't seem very stable. The swinging doors wouldn't stay open until I put a bit of wood under the front edge of the cabinet. It's in the exact same place as our smaller Sauder cabinet was, and we never had that problem before, so I know it's not a problem with the floor not being level. The Sauder cabinet was sturdier, because the base isn't just a single, flat piece of wood. It also has a decorative lip around the top, making it a little more aesthetically pleasing. Since the Prepac cabinet is taller, that lack of decoration isn't as noticeable.The other thing that I wasn't happy with was the quality of the adjustable shelves. They are narrow--there is about a one inch gap between the shelf and the back of the cabinet. Also, the Sauder cabinet we have has a small lip on the shelves in the swinging doors, to keep them in place, which was a really nice feature. The Prepac shelves don't have that.All in all, this is still a decent cabinet. It has plenty of space, which is what we needed. The little quality issues can be overlooked. I liked my Sauder cabinet better, but since they don't make a large cabinet, I would probably buy this product again if I ever need another large one.
Easy to put together, very stylish.  Cushions have minimal cushiness, but they're ok.  Good value for price.
Does not fit new ps3 games. Wish I would have knew that before ordering.
Product was shipped very quickly!  Good product for the price, using it for our minivan to keep kids DVD's from sliding all over the place. Not as sturdy as I expected, but for the price i have no complaints. Would reccomend this product and may purchase some more of them.
I actually purchased this to organize my makeup palettes.  It fits 6 (7th row has too much room) securely. The surface is very smooth so if you plan to stack these, I recommend using glue dots or something similar. I plan on purchasing more.
I can recommend this item for the storage of both CDs and DVDs.  The fit nicely and securely and can be used either horizontally or vertically.
Mission Valet in Dark WalnutBefore he got the Valet for Christmas, my husband's pants were all over the room, in one corner or another, over the hamper, on the bed, or on the floor. This Valet is just perfect. It holds his pocket stuff, coat, belt, and pants. It even has a small drawer. Plus, it's a handsome piece all by itself!
I gave it only 4 stars because the small drawer does not smoothly slide in and out. It was easy to put together and the color shown is true to what was shipped.
This was my first purchase of a wardrobe valet. This valet does not take up a lot of space but does the job. Of course you can spend more and get more but for me for now this product fits all I wanted in a wardrobe valet
Candle arrived quickly and in good shape.I gave the candle as a gift and they were thrilled with it. These candles are wonderful. Thanks~
Very nice table for the price.Neat and classy.Easy to assemble.The color on the table (black) is a nice shade, not shiny or too matte.Quick delivery.
Great product, holds DVDs AND VHS tapes...even the Disney ones in those big plastic cases. I would have given it 5 stars if it was more reasonably priced.  It's beautiful and study and I couldn't find anything else that would hold the amount I needed it to hold and still fit into the narrow space of our media cabinet. So I finally gave way and spent the $ on these. I think I've seen a product similar to this at Target, however it wasn't as deep (long). I needed to maximize the space of our media cabinet so the extra length of these it worth the extra $ to me...although they are still pricey. If you shop around, you might be able to find someone to ship for free. It's been a few months since I purchased these, but I think I got free/cheap shipping. Just be sure to check the dimensions, like I said, some are shorter than others.
I bought one of these from Bed, Bath & Beyond because of its classy appearance.  ONE, because even at BB&B;'s $19.99 price, I thought it was awfully expensive.  I finally thought I might afford another one, and BB&B; no longer had any, so I was happy to see that Amazon had it....until I saw the price.  Effectively, $30 with shipping?Sorry.It's a good product, but overpriced.  The price point ought to be $14.99.
Bought this as my studio trunk for architecture school and its serving its use. Id say the build quality is good a sturdy, the lock is plain stupid and is simply a rotating nob- no key is really needed so you should definitely invest in a good lock. the tray is really necessary. Id say my only negative feelings about it is its not quite large enough to fit 18x24 paper which renders is fairly useless for keeping drawings safe, id does however protect my laptop when im not there... still id say its a good buy
I specifically ordered this piece because all the other furniture in my nursery is white wood.  The box showed up at our door within days, which was very nice, although the shipping was not free.  Fortunately the set-up was a breeze.The baby hasn't arrived yet so I haven't put it to the real test.  It is nice enough to rock in but I'm not sure I could spend prolonged periods of time in it.  Might be better if it had a recline feature, then again, it was pleasingly inexpensive so I suppose I'm being too picky.  I don't love the upholstery color, but I have just been throwing pretty blankets over it anyway.Overall I would recommend this chair, it is a good bargain, and it's easy to order/receive/assemble.
The cost of the chair and ottoman was the lowest we could find, freight costs and taxes considered.  It's not the prettiest chair ever, but it's highly functional.  You can spend 5x as much for the same thing, but this set does a great job.
I bought this cradle mainly because of the ability to convert to a child's chair after our last baby.  It's beautiful wood, was reasonably easy to assemble (though instructions left important steps out and we had to backtrack and unscrew a couple of times), and my infant loves the rocking motion.I read the review about the space between the bottom of the rail and the mattress, and was able to address the problem with a combination of a new cradle mattress (2" thick) and a breathable cradle bumper, which compensates for the space where a baby's arm or leg could get trapped.  As stated in a different review, you'll probably want another mattress anyway; the one that comes with it feels like a cheap piece of foam covered in a plastic bag.The child's chair feature was fun for my toddler before we finished putting the cradle together, and seemed sturdy with support for a little body, though not for full-sized adults.  Problem is, I bought a cherry cradle and the seat that came with it is natural, doesn't even come close to matching.  Angel Line customer support told me natural is the only color the seat comes in, so unless you're looking to always use this with a pad (or have it look like that car you drove in college with one different-colored door) I'd recommend buying the natural cradle.Overall, it's a really nice product as long as you're prepared for the modifications you'll need to make to make it safe.
Wanted a nice sized table for our entrance way, on the basement level. Table was super easy to assemble and looks much nicer than many other products in this price range. Very happy I bought it!
My son liked and enjoys having it in is room.I would love it if it was a little larger but description was very accurate.I would recommend this product
I'm in the Coast Guard and i got this for one of the officers at my work. I guess they liked it because it was real wood and looks good on the wall of their office. It would probably took good in the berthing on a cutter (ship) too.
Overall these chairs are fabulous. The only thing that can be a bit frustrating is that the latches that are on the table swivel around sometimes making it difficult to attach it to the chair. Other than that, both the chair and the table are well made and there is a buckle on the chair!!!
I didn't buy this from Amazon, but if you're a heavy guy, this chair is great. It's comfortable, sturdy, easy to put together (mostly, though I admit to having a second set of hands, which made it a breeze), and appears to be well made. The only complaint I have, if any, is that the 'lowest' setting is still fairly high up. I use a foot rest, so it's not an issue for me, but a shorter fella (I am 6' tall, but relatively short legs) might have some issues. Overall, I highly recommend it, though the prices on Amazon (third party seller), are rather high. I got it for significantly less at a local store.
I've had this chair for about six months and we've had another Office Star chair since mid 2010. The chair has a very very strong build quality and is really good for large people. The arms extend outward so you'll be able to fit in it no problem and it won't be a tight squeeze at all. The chair is also height-adjustable.The only downside about both Office Star chairs is with the material of the armrest. At first it seems quite durable, and for the most part is, but on both chairs the hard foam armrests started to fall apart. I've never picked at the foam so it's just from normal wear and tear. As long as you never put any weight on the armrests (as your getting up or what have you) you should be fine. I'd definitely buy this chair again, though. The warranty also states it doesn't cover "cosmetic" issues and I haven't called or emailed, so I am not sure if they would be covered.Putting it together takes about 15-20 minutes and the parts are really heavy which shows the quality and durability of this product
Roomy chair (especially with the arms not attached).The foam is very rigid (good thing for us heavier folks).Tilt is right on.Only negative is that it does life the angle of the knees just enough to want something under my feet (I'm 6'4&#34;), but hasn't been too much of an issue.
This is a cute chair & perfect size for my one of grand daughters.  The quality for the price was good.  The only difficulty was the foot rest was a bit hard to pull out, but may loosen up with use.  Color was a perfect tomatoe red.  Overall good purchase.
It was much higher in quality than I expected. It is quite sturdily built and is much more solid than anticipated. I realistically wasn't expecting some artisanal quarter-sawn oak from American Bungalow magazine, but I was still pleasantly surprised.
These chairs are holding up very well outdoors.  We live close to the ocean and they are not showing any signs of deterioration in the 2 years we have had them.  They are supposed to swivel all the way around, but they seem to get "STUCK" in a spot when trying to turn yourself and will not go any further without a lot of strength.  They are lightweight and easy to keep clean and they are very comfortable to sit in for a lengthy period of time.
Bunk bed met all expectations and no missing screws/bolts, etc.  Grandchildren are safe and secure in this set.  Heavy and not flimsy.  Only mild concern is the upper bunk rail--wish it were more secure so no one could weaken it.
So far so good. WE put some plywood on top of the slates for more sturdiness. Set groud rules with the boys - no jumping on the beds. I love the way it looks. Good value for what you get. I published the star was room picture. I am using the beds side by side for my almost 2 year old nd 5 year old. In a year I will use them as bunk beds.
This is a great bed for the price. The instructions are poorly labeled, which adds assembly time, but overall not bad. It's a soft wood, so if you're worried about little dings, you might want to upgrade wood choice.
This is a wonderful bunk bed not only for the price but for the quality. You need two people to set it up. plan 2 hours. not hard at all just time consuming. Good directions and easy to follow.  You may want some additional suport to the slats.  They are fine and sturdy but made of pine.  For a larger child if they bounced on the bed they may crack one or more of them.  Todays children are much larger or heavier than years ago.  Over all this is a great bunk bed. quality finish and style compares to an may be better than the pottery barn.  Hope you consider this and all goes as well for you.
Sauder Arbor Gate Full,Queen HeadboardThis headboard if quite a nice item for its price.  The image of the headboard is a very accurate depiction. The headboard, after assembly, looks quite substantial.  The only minus would be the assembly.  You really have to study the drawings in the instructions.  It is very confusing and, without careful studying of the diagram, you can go terribly awry. Over all, I am quite delighted with the end product and glad I took my time and reviewed to the picture often.
nice table fast shipping, but it ws so so dirty when I took it out of the cardboard, that was a bit disappointing, but all in all a nice table..
Just what I needed. Easy to set up, although a little heavy. But, it is stable and sturdy. Wish it came in white.
One side of the top slides too easily.  Cats constant open it when they jump on it.  It opens by accident all the time in use as well.  Overall... its a nice table, but the top is not at all inconspicuous as I would like it to be.  It is a little too obvious how it opens and the doors have a slight twist to them when closed... like the slide mechanisms are a little tweaked.  If they had used better slide hardware, this would have been worth a little more money IMO, and it would have gotten 5 stars.  I may try to replace it with some really nice hardware in the future.The build quality otherwise is very very good.  Came pre-assembled, only had to screw legs on.
We first saw the trunk in an Ashley store. They wanted to charge us shipping and the price was more in the store. So we got a better deal on Amazon with free shipping. Because of its size, it was not sent standard mail. I think it was a freight service and we had to prearrange the delivery. I was nervous about it being delivered beat up like other reviews said but it was in perfect condition. It was bigger than we remembered but works great for our living room. It's as nice as it looks.
The table is okay. A little larger than expected, but the dimensions are listed. The real problem is the shipping. The table was purchased in November and promised by Dec. 13. It was coming from California to Florida, so Hurricane Sandy was not a factor (the possible reason given for the late delivery). We got the table on Dec. 27 and the cardboard box it was shipped in was damaged. We took a chance and accepted the shippment. No damage. However, if there was damaged the shipper would not take the shippment back. Think twice before ordering from somewhere so far away.
Appears to be well built. Comfortable. Looks good. The first day after unpacking it I was a bit disappointed by its size, but after a couple of weeks it feels just right.
Fun little stand, easy to change pictures, cards, postcards. The only thing that would make it better is if it were made here.
This is a nice-looking desk and it was packed well in the box.  The only complaint is that the screws they included were not long enough, so when my handyman guy went to assemble the desk, he said with the screws they gave, the pieces of the desk would not have held together...the desk would have fallen apart after a while.  Luckily my handyman guy had some longer screws in his toolbox, but otherwise I would have had to figure out myself what kind of screws to buy in order to make the desk work.
This desk is great, it is sturdy, looks good and is a good size.. We actually just moved and the movers took it apart and were able to put it back together with no issues. However, you must have an electric screwdriver otherwise putting it together is extraordinarily painful and incredibly time consuming.
Overall, its a pretty nice desk...but, there are pros and cons, here they are:Pros:Reasonably well built once assembled, finish looks to be tougher than most (almost plasticy, and fairly thick at that). Drawer storage is nice, as is enclosed storage for CPU.  Nice, well cut holes in the back to run cabling, and cpu storage should provide good ventilation. Nice that the BACK is also finished. On lots of furniture like this, the back is NOT finished, but it is here, which is a bonus.Cons:Not hard to assemble, but allow some time! I've done plenty of "put together yourself" furniture, but this has lots of pieces, and it will go slow. Make sure you have your own screwdriver(preferably a power one, besides). The included screwdriver is junk.  Item looks darker than the picture, almost looks like it is just painted brown..which wasn't exactly what we were looking for.Overall, I'm pretty happy with it.  I wish the color was more like the picture, that is a bummer. But, it seems sturdy, and the finish looks like it will wear very well.  So, I'm Ok with it.
Very nice desk,it took my son about 5hrs to finish it and it was very sturdy and comfortable , the shipping was very fast the only thing was that some corners were little banged up but I guess that's on the carriers side very content with this desk.
I spent about two months trying to find a desk that met my very specific needs -- pull-out keyboard tray, at least 40X20 in. of desktop space, a file drawer, a dark wood finish, as much additional storage as possible, for less than $200. After trips to Target, Ikea, Staples, and three local stores, I couldn't find one I liked enough to buy. I read through what felt like a thousand reviews on Amazon, Ebay, and Overstock.com. Finally, I settled on this one.One month later, I'm 100% satisfied with my decision. Yes, it is a BEAST to assemble. The other reviewers are not kidding around -- this thing has like 200 little pieces, and if you aren't careful, you could put the wrong one in the wrong place. I myself had to un-screw a half-dozen bolts and re-do three or four steps, but in the end, I have a VERY SOLID, professional-looking desk with OODLES OF STORAGE SPACE, and plenty of leg room. So take the assembly process real slow -- I broke it up over 2 days, but wish I could've done it over 3. (A second person definitely helps for the last few steps, especially.) Do that, and I expect you'll feel good about your decision, too.
I love the desk. the directions left something  to be desired. unclear in spots the directions could use some updates where the uise of pins are comncerned
construction could have been much more difficult if the numbered directions weren't as precise as they were! My husband spent many hours on it, but loves it ! It's compact but VERY WELL designed and perfect for bills & things.
This desk was well-priced and surprisingly sturdy for what I paid for it. The finish looks nice, and the drawer space is great. I especially like the file drawer. It was a little annoying to put together. The back bar that connects the two sides didn't want to cooperate. However, self-assembly furniture is always a little frustrating. Overall a solid buy.
This desk looks great and functions perfectly - once you convert a flat box to a 3-D desk.  The instructions are not great, but the parts are labeled very well.  If you've ever assembled any flat-box furniture before this should be no problem.  This takes a few hours to put together, but it is worth it; once you're done you'll have a very nice desk.
good looking desk and very easy to put together ,delivered in a timely matter and price was good for the product compared to a lot that i looked at
This desk looks great and the storage features are well thought out and designed. However, it was the most complex assembly I have ever done. The directions are generally well done but there are more than 100 screws, bolts, and other connectors. There were only a couple of flaws (holes not in the right spot, bad sequencing of assembly) which isn't bad percentage-wise but it took me about 5 hours and I would rate myself at 6 or 7 out of 10 on experience in assembling things, A mallet and a standard screwdriver come in handy also ( the supply a small Phillips).
This desk has been exactly what we needed.  It appears to be wood but is really a high-end composite that feels very sturdy.  The 'hidden shelf' as we call it is very useful for making it look cleaned up without filing it all away.  I would have given it a 5 if it weren't so time consuming to put together.Great desk for the price!
but be prepared to spend atleast 3 hours flat to complete the installation.The instructions are great and make sure you follow it carefully.The MDF has a waxy coat on it, that make it water resistant, but it scratches easily. So when you put it together make sure you lay it on some cloth or rug.
It's good looking office desk, and I love it's design style, it worth for the price. I wish they also made book shelf to match it. Good quality!
This desk was a bargain for the price. It has plenty of storage and ventilation for the CPU and plenty of desk space on the surface. Right side has plenty of drawer space. The only complaint is how tired my hand was after assembly. The desk is also a bit heavy, but what desk isn't.
This office desk was the best value for money that i could find online. It arrived promptly and took me about 2 hours to put up. There are a lot of pieces to screw together, but i like doing that kind of stuff.It arrived with a few minor surface scratches but nothing major.Smaller than i thought, but just what i need.Over all, i'm happy with this purchase.
Nice desk. Took about 2 hours to put together and really only have 2 things that were issues. Instructions werent very clear on how was supposed to put slide on drawers and spot where you legs go under the desk is a bit small. Second isnt so big an issue as with keyboard out your legs dont go under anyways. Happy with the desk and wife may make me get another.
Much has already been written about the quality of the desk, So I'll just write a bulleted list of my experiences: Before I do that, I would like to mention that my order was shipped in two boxes and the instructions for assembly are included in box labled number 2 instead of 1. Hopefully that saves some people from having to going through all of the pieces of box 1 to find instructions.***Pros-- Several of the pieces like the cam bolts and wood pellets were already placed in the furniture.--After assembly, the desk seems very sturdy--Although all of the pieces are covered with a type of vinyl wood covering, the surfaces feels like real wood and is quite beautiful.--It has great storage***Cons--The middle opening to rest legs is too narrow--The holes drilled for the hinges was not aligned properly on my desk, so the top of the door was protruding outward--Some of the vinyl type coating partially covers some of the pre-drilled holes, so you may have puncture the vinyl with the screwdriver to decrease resistance when trying to fit pieces together.***Instructions Con-The assembly instructions were not always clear. While there was some basic grammatical mistakes scattered throughout the instructions, the order of the steps were not always insightful.--You are instructed to attach the drawer tracks before tightening the cam bolt that connects the walls of the drawer housing to its base. Unfortunately, the track partially covers the cam bolt, so I had to loosen the track so that I could fit the screwdriver in the hole to lock the pieces together.--From a personal standpoint, it would have preferred the directions to have me do prep (like dozens of other pieces of furniture I've bought and built). For example, if I was able to put in all of the rods that connect with the cam bolts beforehand, it would have saved me a lot of time going back and forth trying to find the bolts again after using other screwsOverall, I am happy with my purchase, because the desk is really great. However, just note that when putting it together, you may want to think of a few moves ahead to save yourself some time and frustration.
Easy to assemble. Everything is numbered. Has compartment for CPU or shelf and the back panels are opened. Great value too.
I ordered this desk from Cymax and due to a mix-up by FedEx, never received the desk. FedEx returned the desk to Cymax. I contacted Cymax who had great customer service personell! They returned my e-mails promptly and the next day, had already shipped the desk to me!The desk took about 4 1/2 hours for me to complete by myself using a screw-driver (they provide a mini one if you don't have one) and the directions.  The whole desk was shipped in 2 boxes, with all the necessary parts present and accounted for.Honestly, it was a pain to put together, but the directions were easy to understand and pretty easy to put together, just time consuming. My only negative comment is is that not all the drawers lined up correctly, they were all pre-drilled too low!! And finding that out 4 hours after I began was upsetting. I've re-aligned the drawers myself, which doesn't look perfect, but it'll have to do.The desk is really nice and a beautiful color. I'm glad I purchased it. Just wish the drawer issue would be easier, but I'm sure no one will notice but me.
When my old, large desk wouldn't fit in new space, I got this one. My husband assembled it in an afternoon with minimal swearing.  I like the look, the finished back and the versatility of the spaces.  Wish the keyboard tray pulled out further.  I use a lap top and sometimes use the tray for taking notes.
I liked the feature with the built-in stack table top and the table was the right size for my space.  It is holding up well,this is a good product the draws manouver properly. I did not install the cupboard so as to allow more ventilation to the CPU.
We have had this desk for almost two years now.  It is sturdy and has held up to constant use very well.
Overall it's as described and solid quality.  It does require extensive assembly time.  Compared to other models available at similar price points I'd say you can't go wrong with this desk as far as functionality.
I purchased this product to replace a run down desk in my apartment.The Techni Mobili desk is the perfect size and capacity for my day to day life as a student in college. The price was great, and the desk went together with very few problems.Desk Qualities:1. Sturdy: I would sit on the desk as well as put my computer, printer, etc. on the desk top without hesitation.2. Stain resistant: The first day it was put together a black pen leaked and dried on the desk overnight. By simply using water and a washcloth it was removed with no problem.3. Low leg room: The chair used at this desk is wider than the opening for a persons legs, if you enjoy your leg space this may not be the desk for you. I personally have not been bothered by this quality.4. The Look: The desk is coated in a PVC type of finish, this makes the desk look rather like plastic instead of a varnished wood product.(i). Pros:Easy to clean(ii). Cons:Scratches relatively easySetup and instructions:Read the instructions very carefully, there are multiple types of bolts that go into the construction of this desk.For the User:They do supply you with a decent mini screwdriver, so there is no need to have your own. Saying that, I would recommend a ratcheting screwdriver to anyone constructing this desk. It cuts the time when building the desk and you can apply more force to the screw when using a larger handle making it less likely to strip the screws.To allow for easy connections between each piece you may have to clear the PVC coating covering a hole by pushing your screwdriver into the holes. Some of the pieces don't require this step and it is just a suggestion.I built the desk by myself, but putting the bottom on the main two cabinets and the desk top on, would have been much easier with another person.For the Manufacturer:As a user I would suggest that step 21 be modified slightly. If you screw piece 14(very bottom) into 12 and 13 before you put the bottom on then you cannot turn the connecting pieces properly and must remove one screw so the sliders can be rotated out of the way.I suggest you show only one screw (the front screw to be precise) to secure the bottom slider (14) in place, then after the bottom is attached, secure the back of slider (14) in place with another screw. This will prevent users from stripping screws as they secure and remove them to make this adjustment themselves.
The desk is everything described above. I have finished finally building this desk and have to say it looks very good in the chocolate finish. I am most disappointed in how difficult it was to put together. I figured others were kidding or overestimating when stating how hard it was to put together but I can tell you it took a good part of 2 days and a trip to the store to buy some tools. The little screwdriver it comes with is a joke and the bolts are easily stripped requiring some really good tools to put together. Otherwise, it looks and works great. Better functionality and taking up less space than my previous desk it was definitely an upgrade.
The desk is good, nice finish, great appearance, and very solid.  It has plenty of storage but still fits into the small space in my apartment.  The only issue was that the holes drilled in the wood are a bit small (to make the desk really sturdy), so be prepared for a forearm workout when screwing the desk together.  Also, try to have your own screwdriver or, even better, a powered screwdriver.  The one they provide is not very good.  Once assembled, though, the desk is very nice.
It came with alot of pieces in two boxes but was easy to build took aprox 2hrs between two people. Small and compact for a small office room. It is a nice dark brown color.
The desk comes in two pieces. It is not hard to assemble but took me 4-5 hours to accomplish this. It is a veneer type desk that has the weight and feel of solid wood. The rails on the drawers and hinges appear to be of good quality. I would give it a 5 star if it was not so much work to assemble.  I believe it is a good value for the money.
looked a while to find smaller desk to house all computer equipment that I have. the desk parts came in two heavy boxes. , First was bottom file and tower  drawers  other was top section with hardware and keyboard tray.I had assistance from neighbor to assemble, power screwdriver a big help.  It was helpful to measure size of tower draw before putting in smal self inside. The larger file drawer fits hanging files.Nice looking and functional
The desk design is very contemporary. Sleek look and very good fit for our 13 year olds room. As other reviewers have said, plan on some time as you are putting everything together.The goods:1. Great look, doesn't feel nor look cheap. This piece is heavy. When you get the delivery, it is 2 boxes which our UPS guy just decided to leave in our driveway.2. Rails feel real good for the drawers. We didn't spend 800 dollars on a desk and expect things to be a bit cheaper but these were nice and have a great feel.3. Many parts of the desk were assembled if they could. Dowel pins put in along with the hardware for the pieces that were inset. All holes drilled on mine were near exact and if anything, nothing a small rubber mallet couldn't take care of.4. The cpu bay has an opening in the back that allows the cpu to breathe. Looks sweet too.The bad things, although minor in my opinion:1. The size of the bay for the computer is rather small. For my daughter, I have a small mid tower computer I built some time ago. Nothing major on the case, a pretty average case. Barely fits with the shelf mounted at the top set of holes and I cannot fully shut the door. Not the end of the world, I think the desk would look awesome still if I took the door off and plugged the hinge holes with a black plastic plug of some sort.2. Mine came with some minor scratches on many of the pieces. I do not understand why as it seems to have been packed quite well. Not the end of the world but when you buy something new, you expect it to look that way.3. With the cpu compartment on the left and the majority of the populace being right handed, it can make wires a bit tight on the usb and speakers depending on what you have. I got them to reach, but tight.
This desk is quite possibly the nicest desk for the price I have ever purchased. The color, the style, it all works really well for what I need it for. The only negative thing about this desk is the handles on the drawers, they seem just a tad bit cheap, but its not THAT big of a deal. I would highly recommend this desk to anyone who is looking for a fairly priced desk that will look nice in a home or office.
The desk itself is fantastic and looks great.  I really must hand it to the company making these that the instructions were easy to understand and EVERY part came labeled so that things were easy to find when needed.  The only thing that was unnerving was that a few of the holes for the larger sized bolts were drilled to fit the smaller sized bolts and the holes had to be expanded.
Overall a very good desk. A long assembly process (I have a lot of experience assembling products) but a very sturdy desk. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is the small opening at the desk front. I have a small roll around chair but it will not fit into the opening.
To everyone complaining about how heavy it was and how long and hard it was to put this together, I carried it from outside by myself and put it together in just a couple hours, all while being 9 months pregnant. So, if I can do it, I think anyone can. Of course it is in alot of pieces, you're ordering it online and getting free shipping, what do you expect, it to be half put together already? Desk was very simple to put together and directions are easy to follow. Everything is labeled and super easy to read. Love the desk for the price.
The desk is small but roomy for its size. It was complicated to put together (especially the drawers) but I hired a talented family member and he did it in about 41/2 hours. Like I said it is small but the space I needed it to fit in is small. It is heavy therefore really sturdy. Overall I like it alot/
Delivered was on time look is OK after installed,solid desk.Not bad at all,the product was OK for installation.I approved product
This desk looks pretty sleek. It took me about 4 hours to setup, which I felt was a little on the long side compared to other desks I've assembled.The storage capacity is a little small and a few more drawers would have been nice. The shelf for your computer tower is also a little tight for my computer. I had to angle my tower to get the door to close.Get this if you don't think you need a lot of storage.
I brought this table on 4/14/2011.As everyone had described assembling takes patience and time.I am a female and took 6 hrs to do all.Make sure u read manual and be careful with connector and screws.After putting together it looks great and I work from home,I spend 9-10 hrs on this desk.I am glad i got this.
Nice Desk.  Very solid.  Not too hard to put together.  My only complaint is that there are two holes in the back of each side so you can see the back of the drawers on one side and the back of the shelves (or computer if you put one in there) on the other.  I was thinking about putting some wire mesh in there to help cover it up and make it look cool.  Other than that, no complaints.
The final assembled desk is really nice and sturdy.  All the drawers fit perfectly and all the pieces came together really well.But a power tool is a definite must.  Also the online video instructions were great but there were only 3 videos so the instructionbooklet had to be used for the rest of the assembly.  The book was okay for the most part but could have been more clearin which bolts were necessary for the base.  There were 2 sizes of bolts for the base pieces but was not super clear that2 of the 6 were longer than the other 4.  Other than that it was just time consuming and took about 5-6 hrsto assemble!!  Once its done though its a really nice looking desk and no jiggling or rocking. Its an inch shorter than otherdesks so thats a plus too for us short people!!
Good bang for the buck.  It looks great, however the finish is a little cheap as it's laminate and not veneer.  Easily scratches.  Has a great amount of compartments.
Like many have said, assembly requires a bit of time and a power drill is a definite must for assembly. I think this says more about the quality and sturdiness of the desk though as compared to cheaper desks I have assembled, this desk doesn't wobble and is extremely sturdy. There is a few things you should think about before purchasing this desk though. The opening between the two cabinets is very small and you will likely not be able to push in any executive style chairs. Actually, I don't think most chairs would be able to fit in the opening. Also if you have a larger computer it wont fit into the cabinet with the door so you may have to remove it like i did.Update: I have always hated the keyboard trays but with my big chair it is a must and I have gotten used to it. Since the cold rolled around I have found an issue. The veneer is a plastic sort of coating over the MDF. While it is extremely resistant to wear and tear, it is extremely susceptible to heat. My apartment has baseboard heaters and the desk was backed up against one of them. I turned on the heat in the room to the minimum setting for about 5 minutes and it caused the shrink and curl up against the wood. Its not noticeable but its kinda frustrating that I cant heat that room anymore.
Took me and my girlfriend about 4 hours to put this thing together. We were a little disorganized. We we're worried about halfway through cause it appeared to be kind of short, but the end product was amazing. Only complaint I have is that the hinged door takes some effort to close it as it seems to be a little big, and you can't adjust the hinge to fix it. GF made a joke about getting the sander out to fix it. Great desk though!
This desk was easy to assemble, if you take your time and follow the instructions. The desk top has a tendency to scratch.
Pros- Nice, large desk with ample storage space- Good desk for the price point- Feels sturdy when assembledCons- Yes, there are MANY pieces to put it together, and it takes a while to do so.- Instructions are not the greatest, and in a couple of instances, are actually wrong.- There may be a faulty hole, or assembly part which requires some improvisation.My two-centsFor the record, I'm a 30-year old woman with some experience when it comes to assembling products. I've put together items from IKEA, etc. and do OK with it. After reading the reviews, I knew to plan on LOTS of pieces and tedious assembly. Since I expected it, it wasn't so bad. For the most part, assembly was straightforward and not difficult. However, the instructions and/or faulty parts sometimes made it a challenge. For example, one screw head was drilled really shallow so I could not get it to bite with the screwdriver or drill. It took me a bit to realize the problem. Fortunately, the desk comes with some "extra" pieces and I found another, useable screw. In another instance, the hole machined into a track for the keyboard tray was made too large, and the provided screw for that hole would not fit at all. Fortunately, my husband found an extra nut and a different screw laying around and we made it work. And, sometimes the torque screws (if that's the name?) would not grab other screws properly. Also, a couple of times the directions gave information that was completely wrong for that particular piece of the assembly.So... if you have the patience and basic assembly experience, you will do OK. I HIGHLY recommend reading further ahead in the directions if you question a step. I did that several times and it helped me avoid mistakes. Plan on taking your time and if something is confusing, think about it before acting. It will save you a headache. But overall, the desk looks really nice and serves its purpose in our office!
This computer desk ended up being a lot nicer then I expected. It comes in two boxes and the picture is on the box does not do it justice. Even the pictures on Amazon are not as nice as the actual desk. I like the espresso color and overall the material feels sturdy. It does take a long time to make, about 2 to 3 hours with two people working on it. A few issues I have with it are the tower cabinet is a bit small. If you have a regular sized tower then it will not completely fit. I had to get rid of the optional shelf and the tower fit in height wise, but for depth it still doesn't fit, although the door closes mostly. Also the keyboard drawer is slightly off center with the open space area for your legs, so you have to move around to type adequately. Overall though it's a nice desk and I'm happy with my purchase as it fits nicely in the nook i have for my computer. Worth the buy.
Perfect size for what we need with drawers and space.  Fairly easy to put together also.  Very pleased with the end result.
Don't get me wrong its a great desk but be aware it takes awhile to assemble. It took me about 3 hours and I'm fairly handy.Otherwise its a good looking desk and very functional.
The desk was shipped quickly and was easy enough to put together that I did so solo, even though I have rheumatoid arthritis and multiple joint replacements. Not bragging, just saying it comes together pretty okay if you don't mind putting the sweat in. Drawers are even and the piece seems solid. The only part I don't like is how the keyboard tray doesn't seem to come out far enough to put on a laptop, but I may see if I can adjust that. The freaking thing showed up like two days after I ordered it with UPS Ground, so kudos on that! And it blends in the decor while being functional. Love my new office!
Construction can be a little cumbersome but the desk has held up well over the last year. Drawers glide smoothly and the desk does well against scratches.
As other reviewers mentioned, this is a nice piece of furniture for the price.  The assembly instruction is clear and the whole process is very easy to follow.  But you must use a power drill.  Driving the screws manually, especially if you will use the included Phillips screw driver, will take you forever.  The wood is really tough that the power drill bit starts to slip wearing down the screw head just past half way of screw's length. We ended up finishing each screw manually and that's part you'll get a good arm workout.  By the way, there are 32 screw locations that you cannot use the power drill with ordinary size bits.  If you will drill the pre-drilled hole deeper and a little wider, I believe it'll be easier to drive in the screws.
I work from home and needed to set up an office in the spare bedroom.  I didn't want to take up much space, but needed a durable, attractive and functional desk with a keyboard tray.  First, what I like:  It's a very attractive desk, sturdy, and all the parts work well, and it's easy to remain organized with the storage the way it is.What I didn't like:  It took quite a while to put it together.  I am not very handy, and having read the reviews, thought I would chance it.  It took two people (one relatively handy, and me, not so handy) four hours to put this together.  Also, the keyboard tray, while functional, is a little short on length and width.  My ergonomic keyboard doesn't fit well, nor can I use the mouse on the tray.  Small inconvenience for a good product.
This is a lovely desk.  Came in two heavy boxes (the FedEx guy helped me bring them in), and everything is in good shape.  It's a very nice desk for what we need.  The only negtive is that it's smaller than I was hoping (guess I should have measured the width), and a computer chair won't fit completely underneath with the arms.  Also, I have a larger HP printer and it doesn't fit on the desk, I have to have it on a seperate table next to the desk.  Other than that, I'm pleased.  The CPU cabinet also has a very impressive hole in the back making it easy to attach cables and for the unit to breath.  Would recommend this desk.  IT took my husband and I about 3 hours working together to get this desk put together, but it's very sturdy and wasn't complicated, just a lot of screws.
Pros:Its heavy, strong and modern looking desk that fits in a small place.Cons:It took almost 6 hours  to assemble. All the parts are properly numbered and instructions are clear.After assembling, this product is not strong enough to carry to another room. You might need to remove the parts and then carryFor taller people this desk may not suit well
The pieces arrived well packed. I had a little trouble getting one of the pieces to fit together, but it ended up working out fine. The desk is a great color and looks great. My only real complaint is that my computer barely fits into the cabinet and the door doesn't shut all the way. I'm hoping that if I adjust the hinge it will close nicely.
Pleased with the desk - lots of storage and workspace for its size, and so far it's been pretty durable even with swarm of kids and dogs running around. The computer hutch has barely enough room for a mid sized tower - so if you have anything bigger it will probably end up on the floor.Assembly isn't too bad - with one caveat. Took me about four hours - with ample "help" from a two year old. Parts are decent quality and go together well. Looks like they laminated it after drilling the holes, so don't be surprised if the holes look small - the screws and dowels will punch through. Now the caveat - the directions are pretty bad. The biggest issue is around the drawers - when you reach the step to install the sliders to the cabinet, only do the top two. Then put the cabinet together. And finally put the bottom sliders on. Otherwise you can't tighten the cabinet down. Also the sliders need to be screwed so they are level with the holes - the directions make it look like the front screw goes above the wheel, and it doesn't.
I'm in college so of course money is a little tight and this desk did not break the bank. It's sturdy and looks great! There is assembly required but the directions are easy to follow. I love how the tracks for the draws are metal, so they slide in and out with ease. Overall I'm very happy with this product and can't wait to put my new computer on it tomorrow.
I looked for weeks for a good strong desk at a decent price and decided to go with the Techni Mobili because of its great reviews.It was shipped in 2 days ++++ but on arrival one of the wooden pegs on the panel was Broke, Uugh!!! Thanks to my handy skills I decided to use wood glue to reattach the peg before making a complaint or returning the desk. Gluing the peg worked great and then there was the task of assembling what seem like a thousand parts which took several hours. The instructions were rather easy and video help was available for some parts to assembly also a ++++.After completion...I must say the desk looks very nice. It was Lovely!!!  It's not solid wood but appears strong...I would recommend!
I'm a professional audio/video installer for 30 years and I've assembled a lot of racks and desks and this one still took about 2 hours and 45 minutes, but then I'm very fastidious about detail. First, there are some errors in the instructions to look out for.  Step 14 tells you to put hinge parts on the left and right side panels (1&2) of the CPU section.  This is false, they go only on part one, the left side.  It would be a bit weird if the door had hinges on both sides. The diagram also fails to show enough detail to be sure how to position these hinge parts. Before you separate the two hinge pieces, hold the hinge onto the left panel with the larger part facing outward. This is the position for the smaller (8A) piece.  Only loosen the one raised screw on the hinges and slide the two apart.  the other inset screw is for adjusting the hinges later.Another problem, in step 21, you put the drawer rails onto the panels, three on each side.  You will find later (Step 23), that when you go to lock the base to those panels, you can't access the locking cams on the bottom because the large drawer rail covers them.  You will need to remove one of the rail screws and swing the rail aside to tighten, then put back.The last thing is, there is a hole behind the keyboard tray for running cables through and a plastic piece that is not in the parts list nor anywhere in the instructions.  It wouldn't be such a mystery, but the piece is too small to snap into the hole tightly and there are no screw holes to attach it. I guess you could either drill holes into the piece or glue it into the back panel.  There is another snap-in piece that fits inside this that has an adjustable aspect.Definitely use a cordless screwdriver for most of the assembly, but be careful not to over-torque. The most difficult pieces to put in are the larger locking pins because they tend to lean if you're not careful and could go in crooked.  They need to be straight for proper assembly and don't tighten them any more than to the last thread.Be VERY careful putting in the hanging file folder rods.  They do warn you not to tighten them too much but even with slight finger tightening, you can go too far and they can punch through the drawer face."happydieter" commented that this desk was "very low" and that he/she was very short.  I find this odd because I'm 6'6" with long legs and there is still over an inch of clearance above my knees and the keyboard tray with my legs bent at 90 degrees. It's taller than my old desk where my knees rub the bottom of the keyboard drawer.The desk is very sturdy and looks nice.  There are large oval cut-outs in the back panels so it is easy to run cables and also allows for heat to escape from your computer.Since nobody seems to think people are actually interested in complete dimensions of a desk (huh?), here are some details:Top desk width = 47-5/8"Top desk depth = 23-5/8"Top of desk height = 29-1/2"Keyboard drawer width = 24-1/2"Keyboard drawer depth = 11-13/16"Keyboard drawer fully extended comes out 7-1/2" from desktopHeight from bottom of keyboard drawer = 25-1/2"Height of CPU area (without middle shelf) = 21"Width of CPU area = 10-1/2" (9-1/2" wide clearance to pass door)Depth of CPU area = 17-1/4" (door closed)Area above drawer and desktop = 4-3/4" height, about 13" wide)Seating area between storage = 19-3/4" (narrow){EDIT 3/18/2012}I am reducing my rating to four stars based on new discoveries.  The middle area under the desk is a bit narrow and takes some getting used to when getting in and out so as not to hit your legs on the desk.  The keyboard drawer is difficult to lock into the fully extended position; One side usually moves back a bit. The biggest disappointment is that the CPU area is not large enough for a computer that uses a regular ATX motherboard.  Only those micro towers with the micro-ATX motherboards will fit.  If you're computer shopping, this would mean cases that house at maximum boards that are 9.75" x 9.75" will probably fit.  Case depth should be under 17" for the desk door to close.
at first it was intimidating with all the peices and the like, it took four+ hours to put together matching up parts with the pictures and all. it took two of us, use a powerdrill for most of it.  they only give you like one spare of the screws each type so don't lose any. the finish is really nice, chocolate color pretty, the nice heavy duty top and metal parts, the drawers went in easy,once together felt very sturdy. moved it without any sign of flimsyness, not to big just right, lots of top space, by the way when you put on the last sliding rail for the bottom drawer don't put it in until you have the sides put in and tightened down, the slider rail blocks the tightening screws. this is the only flaw I seen. they put the last slider rail on top of the in board screws you use to tighten the peice together to the base.the second one we put together, we bought two by the way, it took like 2 + hours went alot faster since we then knew what we were doing. so I recommend this product for the quality you get for the price. it came pretty fast in the mail, and I love it. by the way the only complaint at this time is the keyboard slide out makes the keyboard quite a distance from the moniter which I have to pull up closer to me other wise nice to be able to put the keybaord out of the way when not in use. this slide out for the keyboard would be great with a bigger moniter screen like a small tv that way you don't have to move it in closer.it scratches easily too so be careful. all in all for the price it is excellent.
This is a nice, inexpensive desk.  It comes packaged in two heavy boxes--and you might need help lifting the heavier box.  You may also need something larger than a compact car to transport the boxes to a different location.The instructions are fairly clear.  I recommend getting a drill to speed up the set-up process.  It takes about five hours without a drill, and that's if you don't make any mistakes along the way.The drawers are nice and convenient.The only real downsides are the long set-up time and the fact that leg space underneath the desk is limited.
I bought this for my husband for his birthday. It was missing some of the metal locking pieces so replacement parts were ordered. My husband got it assembled in about 2 hours... But then I had to go back and assemble it correctly.Men, do us women all a favor and let us do it for you... either that or at least try to read the directions... :)
First off, let me say that this desk was a nightmare from hell to put together, for me, at least. Most, if not all screw holes are way too small and you're going to have to widen them a bit. Directions for putting the desk together weren't as clear as I had hoped, but the end result was pretty great. I love the desk, very sleek, functional, and sturdy, so far. I definitely recommend it!
The desk is surprisingly stable for the price. The wood is substantial, unlike particle board included with most other desks at this price level. The wood is heavy and provides the needed support. The desk/keyboard sits rather low, so be aware of this. As other comments have stated, it does take quite a bit of time to assemble. The assemble is not difficult, just time consuming. Overall well worth the price tag.
Good desk, a little of time comsuming to put together but doable, my only complaint is the sliding keyboard creaks after a few months. otherwise good for the price.
I already had the larger unit with the laundry basket so I was excited to get this edition to the " series" of storage. I love the dark color, it is lots of additional storage for a smaller bathroom, and it is very easy to assemble.  I would most definately recommend this to anyone to buy.  Yes it is only made of particle board, but for it being in the bathroom it really holds up well to the excess moisture in the air. I have had my larger shelf for over a year and daily exposure to the steam in the bathroom it still looks brand new!
Looks nice, easy to build and holds quite a bit of stuff... but smells horrible. I have had it up for a few weeks now and it is still putting of a skunky smell. I have wiped it down, used Febrezze... and it is still horrible. Hopefully I will get use to it or it'll clear on it's own because it is very pretty and handy.
This cabinet is great for smal spaces.. the aesthetics is wonderful, its functional, easy to put together, and good quality.
I purchased this item a couple of months ago......Love it so much brought it twice....Great color....easy to put together..Perfect Fit
We purchased this bed for our two young daughters. We love the bed but really wish they would make a staircase unit to go with this set. It's very hard to climb to the top bunk and even harder to climb down. We have purchased several coordinating pieces to the bed (2 chests, 2 night stands and a desk) and would gladly purchase a staircase if they made one.
I bought this console table because it matches our Sauder Harvest Mill TV Stand that I really like. I was almost afraid to get this but the final product turned out better than expected. My husband, who has put together many items, put this together and did say that it was one of the more difficult items. There weren't any broken pieces but they didn't all fit together perfectly. The drawers were not even but this was corrected when we switched them around. The color shown in the picture is pretty accurate to what I received and the table is solid enough to be quite useful. I raised one of the shelves and added a black basket "drawer" for storage. It looks great. I am glad I got this table!
I'm 6'6" and this is a nice table height for me with the matching chairs. The black shows dirt, so be ready to cover the table when not in use. All in all I like it.
The table is nice and works well in my dining room.  I really thought that some of the chairs came with the table, not a huge deal, but that's really the impression I got with the pictures and reviews of both. The table does leave marks easily, but I had it sealed by Surface Guardian, and that helped a great deal.  I ordered chairs afterwards, and I like the matching chairs a lot!
If you have the need for 8 diner guests, this works well.  Table and chairs are comfortable.  Assembly was easy and straight forward.Warning- Table scratches easily- to easy.  Have a black marker and some black nail polish to repair.  My two year old dropped a spoon and it gouged the finish down to the wood.Other than that, I like the table, but took away a star for the fragile finish.  I would order it again if needed.
It was very fast and easy to assemble and works great! It is slightly lighter than my existing table and chairs, I was hoping it would match, but it's not a big deal. It's hard to know from pictures online. I would give it 5 stars, only I haven't had long enough to know if it will hold up. It seems very sturdy. Hopefully it lasts a lot of years!
The chair is great, very sturdy, but the color is horrible because it nicks very easy.  I'd go with the lighter color which looks nothing like the picture.  My friend bought the lighter color and is actually a very light natural wood color.  I got the cherry to match it to my kitchen furniture but even brushing up against the table will cause a nick.  Overall happy with the chair besides the color.
perfect chair for eating and doing homework at the dining room table. My 3 and 5 yr old use these chairs constantly and so far (5 months in) they've held up fine. I am from Germany and chairs such as these are very common there. I was very pleased to have found some at a reasonable price. It was easy to put the two chairs I bought together and they are sturdy enough. The cushion is a bit thin and covered in plastic that probably won't stand the test of time but the chair itself is great. Makes for much better posture for my little guys and less fidgeting at the table. Homework looks better now too :-)
it's a nice headboard for kids. it is nice that it comes with the brackets to hook on to the bed frame. it only took about an hours to put together.
I had a hard time finding a nice headboard sold by itself.  This one was just what I was looking for and it is very nice for the money.  I would recommend it to anyone who needs one!  I have other Sauder products and like all of them.
We were looking for an inexpensive headboard for our guestroom that would not take up much limited space and would be sturdy, attractive and allow us to eliminate the need for a side table.  This piece did all of the above.  I assembled on our living room floor while watching a basketball game and then moved the assembled item into the bedroom without any problem.  We decided to attach it to the frame since we (ok, so my wife) can still make up the bed rather easily.  That also gave it more stability.  Satisfied customer!
I had to have help putting this together, but once done, it looks really good.  It's for a spare bedroom and for the low price, it was a good choice.  It feels sturdy enough for the use.  I would buy it again.
First of all, this isn't real wood, which I knew prior to ordering, so I was hoping it would be well packaged.  It was.  It arrived with hard cardboard pieces that framed the corner of the box.  This is important because these types of products are heavy and always crumble at the corners if the box is dropped or handled without proper care.  When we got the piece, I was happy it matched the pieces we already had.  The wood looked a bit warmer/richer than the other pieces, but it might be because it's brand new.  When we went to put it together, we found the instructions frustrating (as usual) and that we were missing key pieces of the hardware needed.  I also found a large nick in the top piece of the wood and all the laminate on that spot was scuffed off.  Because it's the top piece of the headboard it is very noticeable.  I've placed a decorative plate and candle over it for now to hide it.  *See comment for update.  Very happy with the Seller who went above and beyond to make it right. ;)
It was a little hard to assemble. But looks pretty good, now that it is together. Fits good  with my queen bed.It is well worth the money. I am satisfied with it.
Bought this for my son in college. Served the purpose of storage for small books, alarm, electronics. Nice quality. Put it with a queen size bed and fits perfect.
This Sauder economy headboard is ideal for a queen sized bed.  I have purchased three of these for my children.  They easily assemble, all parts are labeled and all you need is a screwdriver and a small hammer.  Anyone can put this headboard together.  It has two metal plates for the attachment of the bed to the headboard.  The simulated oak veneer is smooth and quite esthetic.  One caution: one cannot place a water glass or plant on the veneer directly, or a waterspot will appear and it will be permanent.  Therefore, place it on a protective cover.  Dust by spaying a rag and applying it to the wood - don't spray the wood with the spray or leave it on the wood, again, it will bubble the surface if left on for any length of time.You get what you pay for in life, and although headboards of much greater quality can be had, this is a reasonable headboard at a reasonable price for the economy minded.  Terrific for the spare bedroom or kid's bedrooms.  I have had mine for 10 years, and they still look relatively good.konedog
If you are familiar with pre-fab furniture, that's exactly what you'll get with this product.  We knew that's what we'd get, and were okay with that. Dimensions are accurate. Shipped fast. My teenage son put this together all by himself.  We like the color.
We have many sauder furniture products and are never disappointed.This looks very nice and would recommend it highly.Good buy for the money.
My daughter picked out this headboard for her room. It looks great and it is what she wanted. Assembly was more complicated than we thought but it all went together okay. Would purchase again.
I was surprised that my headboard arrived ahead of schedule. Big plus!If you lost those screws that attaches your bed frame to a headboard, don't worry; the headboard came with it.  So, I was very happy with that.Even though the headboard is made of composite board, it's very strong and durable.I was confused on certain sections of the instruction manual, but I figured out what it was talking about. EVERYTHING is labeled, and the manual does have plenty of pictures.Be warned, it is very heavy.  You might need a second person to help you lift it up to your bedroom or where you plan on assembling it. Plus, that second person will help when trying to move the headboard around for you to assemble it. Unfortunately, the headboard doesn't come with a "second person".The headboard serves it's purpose of handing all my books/schoolbooks and providing extra space in my 10'x10' room.Laminate looks appeasing and goes with my walls.However, when your assembling and moving the headboard around, be careful, it does tend to scratch (as does all wood products). So, tell your hubby or boyfriend not to Hulk-out on it.**Six Month Update!**It has been six months since I posted this review, and I am still happy with my purchase. It only needs the occasional dusting.
The headboard was shipped in pkg that provided protection so there were no broken edges etc. It was easy to put together, did it by myself.  It is very sturdy and looks better than the price paid.  I have always liked Sauder and will continue to buy it.
Was looking for a headboard for the spare bedroom. Nice and sturdy and quality for a reasonably priced piece. My husband  put it together in less than an hour without loosing his temper.
All items necessary to put the headboard together were in the delivery package. Assembly of the item went smoothly.I regarded the metal brackets and bolts to connect the headboard to a bed frame unnecessary in my case. I prefer the bed to be unattached for easier access to cleaning under the headboard and bed, and also to make retrieval of items fallen to the floor underneath the headboard quicker. The headboard itself provides convenient storage for such items as medication, eyeglasses, plus books and writing implements for those who like to read and compose in bed.
Read a lot of reviews where folks had problems putting this together, just wanted to pass on that I put it together all by myself (female, 0ver 60) I always make sure I count & check each piece before starting and read the instructions.As I put it together, I had a few concerns about the strength of the construction, but it's fine for the price (you do get what you pay for)We have it against the wall and it looks great & it's stable.
Some of the instructions were a bit confusing. Other than that, it's a great product! We bought it for our son's bedroom and if he's happy, we're happy!
We order this for our son.  It's not wood, but wood product and the instructions are very confusing.  My husband was able to put it together and it looks great and it's pretty sturdy.  However the was a piece of the headboard missing.  The top piece that frames the opening.  I did contact the manufacture and they sent the missing piece within a week.  The piece does not match the color of the furniture perfectly.  It is a few shades off, but because of how it fits it's not very obvious.  I am please with the purchase and the response of the manufacturing company.
I had originally purchased this item to complete our Family Room makeover. I purchased a computer desk with hutch that was a light colored Oak finish, very similar to the picture for this Credenza. But upon opening the package and inspecting the parts, the color is VERY much darker than advertised.At first I was extremely disappointed with the very dark color AND because the insert said that there are no returns or refunds on OPENED items. How can I inspect the product if I cannot open the item? That was a very silly disclaimer.After placing one of the large finished portions against the wall, the Credenza color seemed to blend in nicely with the new paint, and it did not present such the eyesore that I had believed it would.I set the item up and installed all my components, placed it against the wall and just stared at it. I have to say it was very well constructed and strong. The instructions left a little to be desired, but I am kinda handy so that made the process easier. Since I hung the TV on the wall, the entire top portion is clear except for the WiiU sensor bar and XBOX360 Kinect sensor.Seeing the Computer Desk and the Credenza next to each other was originally a HUGE conflict, but after my wife matched the blinds with the desk and the valances with the credenza, it all just seemed to fit. We are very happy with our setup and this unit.Really strange how things work out.
My only complaint is that the camlock method of joining the shelves to the partitions was somewhat rickety, with plugs that expand inside of holes drilled into wood, instead screws going into a blind metal nut.  It would have been better to have some other fastener system.  Much of the side-to-side rigidity derives from the fiberboard back panel, and not from the intrinsic rigidity of the shelf and partition construction.  It does take awhile to put this unit together, so allow at least two or three hours for it.  When done, though, the unit looks nice and is very functional.
I looked everywhere for a stand like this , furniture stores, online , best buy , ect. Found this at Best Buy for 100 MORE than on amazon , plus amazon had free shipping on this. Cant beat that deal.Only problems were , the fed ex driver just left the box in my driveway and took off. If I had been away or it started to rain who knows what would happen . Also the wood is a little darker than it looks in the picture. Overall its a nice unit for not alot of money
We are enjoying our new Orchard Hills Entertainment Credenza.  It looks great in our home, and our new TV fits it perfectly.  The only criticism we have is that some of the instructions for assembly could be a better.
I purchased this TV stand for a 46 inch TV I just bought.  I chose it mainly because it's one of the few stands I found that had enclosed slots for my cable box, DVD player, and stereo without being behind glass doors or all exposed.  It appears to be sturdy and decent quality, and assembles easily.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the color is medium to dark oak, and the picture shows a light oak finish (which is what I wanted).
We were looking for a decent TV stand at a low price, and not an exceptional piece of furniture.  This is it.  I'd guess it's actually particle board with a laminated or plastic that looks like oak finish.  The unit is a bit darker than pictured but we think it looks good.  Oh, and be warned, there are about 200,000 parts (ok, just a bit of hyperbole) to assemble.  I'm patient and good with tools, but it still took about 2 hours to assemble.  I'm pleased to report that there were no missing parts and everything lined up properly.We first bought a more expensive unit and it was poorly assembled; shelves were warped and joints didn't hold.  The Sauder was cheaper, looks much more attractive, and is decent lower end furniture.  I'd consider buying something else from them in the future.
The only thing that I didn't like was the color of the credenza is NOT at all like what we received!  I had checked the &#34;color&#34; on the Sauder website and decided the Carolina Oak is what I wanted; because it matched the end tables that I have.  My son and daughter-in-law &#34;surprised&#34; me and put the credenza together and also hooked up our tv, dvd, dvr and vcr, while we were gone.  If I had been home to receive it, I would have probably sent it back - since it didn't match the end tables I already had.  The storage is great and it is a beautiful piece of furniture.  Sauder does not carry an end table that I like - so now what?
I bought this based on the other reviews. Once it is together it looks good. As others have mentioned it is darker than advertised. This contains little to no real wood, but it is pretty nice for the price. Installation was not too hard, using a cordless drill helped, if you use a drill remember to turn the torque down so you don't strip  I did not install bottom piece, this allows me to move the unit over carpet without any hangups.
I like this credenza very much.  but it was very difficult to assemble.  It has good storage space and looks very nice. But I wouldn't want to assemble it again.
It was easy to put together. One piece was broken, so I called for a replacement. replacement part was sent out without hesitation or hassle by Sauder. Only issue....If it was not surrounded by other entertainment pieces, some of the cuts on the pseudo wood pieces were a little rough & would have been a cosmetic/visual issue.  Obviously, since the price was so low, it is not real oak, but looks good.  Considering price it was a good value.
Love the TV stand. storage is more than sufficient. perfect size for my 46" TV.Only problem with the item is that it is darker than pictured. The picture gives the impression of a light oak finish, which is the exact color i was looking for.  Item is actually what i would describe as a medium oak finish. Out side of the color it seems to be a great product at a decent price.
Liked the look. Not too bad to put it together. A corner broke off when it got caught on the husband's pants. Able to glue back ,so it worked out. The price was right.
I think it's pretty decent for the price. It took a couple of hours to put together with no major problems.The product description indicates how many CD's and DVD's it can hold, but what it doesn't tell you that the two door covered spaces are just deep caverns with a single adjustable shelf.  You would just stack the CD's and DVD's in there and you will have to pull some of it out to get to the stuff in the back.The one thing that would make it better is for Sauder to provide more and/or bigger knock-outs in the back.  I ended up cutting out a small section to fit all the cables through to plug into my receiver and not have all the cables bunched/pinched up.Overall, I'm happy with it.
We were able to put this together in one day following easy to read directions.  It looks very good and adds to our decor.
This credenza is a very nice quaity item for the price, however the only reason I didn't give it a five star rating is that the finish is darker than it appears in the photo, so that was a little disappointing simply because it looked as though it would match my other furniture exactly. It was delivered in a timely manner and was fairly easy to assemble. I would definately recommend it to others as long as they are aware that the finish appears lighter in the photo.
I purchased this item under a slightly different listing.I would suggest checking out this item, which is identical down to the mfr part number, and a few $$ less. Sold from the same seller.Orchard Hills Widescreen TV Credenza Carolina Oakhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0017187ZG/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img
This is a lot of furniture for the money if you don't mind assembling it yourself. Instructions are good, everything fitted perfectly,  and Sauder quickly replaced a piece that had been damaged in shipment. Just keep in mind that this is not solid wood. It's easily damaged and cannot be refinished.
I selected this TV stand through Amazon because I have had such consistently excellent service and found competitive prices.  I looked locally for such a TV stand, but did NOT locate much of a choice, or such good pricing.The TV stand "kit" came to me very quickly, much faster than I expected, and I immediately opened the boxes to find lots of pieces parts for the stand.  Well, I found the instructions were superior to any I have had to use when putting something together like this TV stand.  I would say it took maybe 2 hours, but it was very easy to follow the instructions.  The final product is EXCELLENT!  I am very pleased with this large and heavy duty TV stand, and will continue to use Amazon for most of my purchases in the future!
I ordered two of these. Of course, it took me longer to put the first one together. Not bad, though. I like the item and it looks good with my Flatscreens on them
its nice. but the color is a little darker than the picture. need somebody to set it up.  overall i do like it
We're very happy with the quality of our new love seat.  It's very attractive, comfortable and the color was very true to the photo.  The only complaint we have is that the seat cushions are sewn in and can't be removed.  Other than that feature, we're totally happy with this product.
This purchase would have been perfect if it didn't come with one long scratch on the front bar. It was easy to put together and will look great if my husband and I can figure out how to fill and restain the scratch.
The rug is a great quality, however, you have to vacuum it every day as it shows EVERYTHING.  However, it is a really great quality rug and is very nice.  I just keep the vacuum handy.
This runner was exactly what I was looking for.  The color was perfect, the non-skid bottom and the durability are great.
I bought 2 of these for my kitchen.  I have 2 large dogs & didn't want the floors scratched.They stay in place even with them moving quickly on them.  Great item & worth the money.
Nice looking runner, especially for lighter hardwood floors with dark accents, like mine. It does seem to show every speck of dust, though. However, my house is relatively low-traffic, so it doesn't matter. Would buy again.
Happy with the product. Looks good down the hallway. Why do we have to keep typing when we are through saying what we have to say?
I love this runner, made very well, looks great, stays down and it looks like the corners will not curl up.But if you order this chocolate brown you will and I repeat you will be vacuuming it constantly.  Now my wife is a clean freak but this rug shows every little particle.  So while it is nice to have a clean rug it is slightly annoying that we are vacuuming it twice a day as we do have it in the entrance to our kitchen.  We will order a slightly lighter color in the future and move this to another area.
I have this runner in two sizes.  This is the smaller one.  The runner will creep along carpet when you step on it but it will stay nice and flat at all times.
I bought this rug for the hallway that goes from my kitchen to my living room, specifically for my dog.He hates tiled floors and wipes out easily.He now charges down this hallway to greet guests at the door.Good rug for a good price and  best part of all, it doesnt move!
I purchased 3 runners of different sizes to lay on the tile floor in my foyer.  My labs are now seniors and one is a bit wobbly from arthritis.  I am so afraid of them falling and doing damage.  This rugs do not move much, even with 100 lb dogs walking on them.  I wish the nape was just a bit higher, but they do the job I bought them for and keep my geriatric dogs more safe.  Happy with my purchase.
This is a thin pile runner; sits on my light brown wood floors. The contrast looks great as I have espresso colored cabinets. Due to the color it highlights any lint or other debris.Considering quality and price its a winner, only future concern is if the black floor backing begins to leach color onto the hardwood. Lets hope not...or I will always need runner.
I really love it but I wish I would have purchased a different color since the dark brown shows dirt and lint so I have to vacuum often.  Still, it serves the purpose perfectly so I'm not disappointed in the product. It fits perfectly in the hallway and doesn't slide on laminated wood floors.
The carpet runner arrived on time.  I really expected it to be a little longer based on the pictures. The runner is nthe right color.
I was pleased with this rug, it was thicker than I expected and overall very nice.  The only objection I have is it picks up everything, lint, etc., but vacumns up easily.
I bought this because of older dogs slipping on tile floors.  This was perfect - did not slip and was attractive.  Seems to hold up well too.  The reason for 4 stars is because I wish I had got it in beige - the dark brown shows up too much dog hair!
Love this runner. I have a large dog and he runs through the house. This rug stays in place and is washable.I would recommed this to others.
Chair and ottoman larger than I expected, my fault for not measuring the space.  I like the set, the color is nice, and I really like the round feet.
Bought 2 of these to display small pieces of art.  They were easy to assemble, and look great Against the wall.  However, they are not wood--- a composite of some sort covered in plastic.  They work for what I intended, as long as no one really inspects them.  Disappointing for the price.
I had terrible time assembling one of the legs to the table because the threading for the screw hole made it impossible to get the fastening bolt inserted.  I ended up using a different bolt I had in my garage.  The hex-head bolt they gave me stripped at the head and was easily rendered useless.  It worked, but it should have been flawless.
I like this table a lot. its sturdy. I use it in the tiny kitchen.I saw online ikea was selling it for $29. I went to the store but the price was $49 so i showed them online price and they matched it.It's super easy to install and save you lots of space.  Great idea from Ikea))
Let me say that I have never been a fan of &#34;put together&#34; furniture, I find most cheaply made of particle board components and really not worth the money over the long haul.  I had planned on making a folding table for my wife's new laundry room myself in the same design, when we came across this folding table from Ikea.  I could have built it cheaper - but there comes a time when buying a good quality unit makes more sense than time and materials to make one and this was one of those times.  My wife is tickled pink with this table for folding clothes on.  I liked it immediately because it was well made with quality components, hardware and good joinery on all mating parts that was easy to assemble and install.  All the parts were there except the screws for mounting to the wall - which by the captioned instructions, not included due to various mounting requirements required by different applications and I was OK with that.  Overall a good purchase on a unique item that made me a hero for the day.  Sometimes it is the little things.
This wall-mounted desk helps when you need to maximize space!  It is very functional and allows room to move in and out of a small office without running into a desk.  A good buy for the price.
Functionally, this table is everything I expected. It looks good, is the perfect size for folding and once mounted, is very sturdy. Here's my dig. The pre-punched holes for mounting the cross bar to the wall are NOT on 16&#34; centers (standard US stud spacing). I call attention to this because, this table is hefty and, you will want to lag bolt it into at least two studs. Using hardware store wall anchors is not going to cut it.My solution was to use the pre-punched holes with hardware store wall anchors to get the table into position. Then I drilled through the cross bar into the studs with lag bolts (electric drill required). Wisely I think, no wall mounting hardware comes with the table.
You will have to cut the dowl that hold the support in place, go to Home Depot and buy a $2.00 magnet to modify it so you don't have to pick it past its hinged point.
Item works nicely in our new remodeled Laundry room.  Don't have to fold clothes in another room now!!  Would recommend product if you have limited area.
The only problem with order a used product is you might not have all the parts. We needed to find our own wall-mount screws.  Once mounted, it is just what I wanted.
Easy to install and looks very nice.  It also is very well constructed and can be used for multiple purposes.
I really like this table. I installed it in my small laundry room. I didn't really follow the wall mounting directions because I was installing it by myself and the table is rather heavy. I would recommend you have someone help hold the table in place while you mark the wall for mounting because its hard to hold the table up and mark the wall at the same time. Once installed, the table is very sturdy and collapses nicely.
This couch is great for the price. Its not super sturdy feeling but that is to be expected in this price range. I was also suprised at how much bigger it was than I thought. I thought it would be a tiny love seat but instead it fits two people easily with a little space in between. It is also very high off the ground.The seat is very firm, but that is the way I like it. I imagine tha with time it will become less firm.All in all, it is an attractive peice and a great deal for the money.