I love this counter/stool set.  It was easy to put together.  Plus it fits perfectly in my smaller kitchen.  Great item for those of us who do not have large kitchens but it always winds up being the focal point of get togethers.  The sellers were professional and quick with their shipment.  I would definitely buy from them again!
Love the tower.  It is a compact and tidy way to store my collection.  I liked it so much I ordered a second one.  The oak color is darker than pictured, which makes the unit look better in my opinion, particularly if you have solid oak pieces in the room where it will be used.  Requires assembly, which was really easy. Perfect if limited space is an issue.
Our daughter loves the night stand.  The drawer is great for storage and the open space at the bottom is great for decorations.The directions were great, so it was easy to assemble.
I ordered two of these for my granddaughters room. The instructions were easy to follow and it didn't take long to put them together. They came packaged well and free of damage.  They look perfect in her room. I am very satisfied with my purchase and the quick delivery.
My son has this nightstand along with the matching captains bed and headboard in his bedroom.  He has had the set for a year and a half now.  It is not real wood, but pressed partical board, but it is sturdy and looks like real wood unless you open a drawer.  The drawers open and close great, so the others might have just put them together incorrectly (not the company's fault) or got a bad piece or something.  My son isn't necessarily easy when closing the drawers all the time....lol.  Like most children, he slams them on occassion, and they haven't taken on any damage and still slide very nicely!!!About the paint job.....it is a STAIN!!!  I love it personally....but it is NOT a thick pigment paint and doesn't cover like one.  You can barely see through it in some spots and really adds to the character of the piece and makes it look even more like woodgrain because of the stain.  It's a tad lighter in person than in the pictures, and imperfections are found in most woodwork.  I didn't however think it looks like a 4 year old did it.  LOL  Think medium denim jeans that have been worn a bit (not the same exact color through out) and you will get the idea of what the color is.I like that the nightstand has one drawer and a spot underneath.  We put a basket there and it is perfect for my son to store things in!!!
I started to put this together and came to find out that 2 pieces of wood are badly damaged to the point that pieces are falling off. Made a phone call to the manufacturer and they had us leave a message? Really? Wonder how long until I hear back from them.It took a couple of days to hear back but they sent the pieces right away. Great customer service.
This is a reasonably sturdy night stand. Easy to put together, looks better than it is. Yes it's reinforced particle board, but for the price it's well made. I saw a similar one at American Home furnishings made cheaper and it was three times the price. I was able to put this together myself and the instructions were pretty easy to follow.
I purchased a bedroom set consisting of the chest, dresser, and bedside cabinet. As much as you hear of all the gripes and moans of buyers. The rule of thumb is you get what you pay for. This is no different to most furniture out there, the only difference for the most part is you save money by putting it together yourself. My reason for this review is to help all those who worry and moan about these pieces. I suggest to you ALL to use glue on all the dowels and where wood meets wood. secondly and most importantly throw the backing board out in the trash and take a wee trip down to home depot or lowes and ask one of the really nice guys to cut you a piece of 1/8&#34; hardboard to the size you require. This will cost you max $7 and will make the whole piece of furniture ten times stronger. The cardboard backing pieces that come with these flat pack furniture are useless and throwing them out and replacing them with hardboard makes the piece more ridgid and sturdy feeling. Just doing these 2 steps will make the pieces of furniture last alot longer and easier to move. I hope this helps you :-)
This night stand has rich color and sturdy texture, elegant enough to add to a spare bedroom without looking cheap - and yet the price was more than reasonable.
This headboard is a perfect set up. Love the bookshelf up top. The only complaint I have is it seems to be too low unless you but the bed frame that goes with it. I have a stand along frame and just wanted a Headboard to finish it off.  This was perfect after we made a heightened box for it to sit on. We also ordered the matching night stands and it is perfect. Really great craftsmanship as well. Great quality and not pressed wood.
This is set up in my three year olds room, it is perfect for him!! The size is appropriate for toddlers or young kids, do not purchase if for adult bed set because the furniture is on the smaller side. Perfect transaction though, me and my son are very happy! Thanks again!
The two night stands I ordered arrived well packed, but, UPS had damaged 2 of the sides.  When I called the company, they were so nice and apologized even though it wasn't there fault.  They immediately sent the replacements.  The tables are sturdy, attractive, and perfect for the guest room.
I loved this.I bought the entire collection for my grandson's room. I didn't buy the headboard but plan to buy it as well. The headboard style will look great with the other pieces.
I bought one bedside table and liked it so much that I ordered another. They are perfect for a guest room.  My husband put each one together in about an hour apiece.
This is a very durable night stand - bought it for my grandson.  The first one arrived with a large hole in the package and an obvious chip in the exposed piece.  I was able to effortless exchange it and still get it in time for Christmas last year.  Three moves later it still looks like new and houses my grandson's favorite books.
This whole set is great for the price. It isn't high quality wood or anything, but it's sturdy and functional. The drawers are smooth and the finish is nice. It was really easy to put together. I definitely would recommend this set to a friend.
Wonderful little nightstand.  Bought it for my grandson.  He has light blue walls and firetruck comforter etc. in his room.  I bought a lamp with a red shade to go with it.  Looks absolutely perfect!  It'smade very well made.  Took a little time to put together but it was worth it.
No damaged parts, easy to put together and looks really nice, great for my son's room.  Would recommend for a child's room.
This is a lovely piece of furniture and goes well with the tall dresser we ordered.  We had no problem with this one in assembly.
I actually ordered this b/c I needed something to go next to me at my desk as a workspace while at my computer. I put it together with no problem and find it sturdy and looks fine too. I keep my fax/printer in the lower part. Very happy with it!
I love this blueberry color. it looks fantastic in my bedroom. It is not in the way and it is big enough to fit everything you need in your nightstand.
Have had these antique white night stands next to our bed about a year now and they still look beautiful!  Would recommend them to anyone who wants a beachy look to their bedroom!
I bought it for my bedroom but actually it would match better for teenager room. All their collection is very nice. I am going to buy entire set for my daughter. Fast delivery. Easy to assemble.
This is a perfect chair to rock my grandchild to sleep and it is so comfortable I could go to sleep in it.
I bought this glider for my son and daughter-in-law when they had their baby, and they love it. That was a year ago, and it's holding up well.
I was so surprised when my husband put this together. (Very Simple.. I could have done it myself!) As soon as I sat in this chair I was at home! The Padding is very, very thick and comfy! Arrived quickly, and I am Completely Satisfied!
I've had this chair for nearly three years now and have used it every night with late night feedings for two little ones.  It has held up nicely and is still in great condition.  The fabric is not as fancy as some that you see in baby or furniture stores but I always have a blanket on it to protect it from drool or other baby stains.  It's wide enough to fit me (average size person), a baby and a nursing pillow.  Overall, a great chair for the price!
This chair was delivered very quickly. It was easy to put together and the padding was wonderful. We bought it as a baby shower gift and we will buy another one when it is our turn to have a baby. I highly recommend this chair.
This chair was the perfect choice for my spare/craft/grandchild/sitting room.  It's comfortable, easy to put together, and a great price.  I think I made a wise decision when I purchased it.
I ordered this for my son and his wife - for their baby's room.  My son said it was very easy to put together.  They both just love it - plenty of room and very cushiony and comfortable.
It arrived on time and in great shape.  The color was perfect..  NO  assembly required.  Now I am having fun deciding where to put each item.
The armoire was ordered on a Thursday and arrived on the following Monday. It was carefully boxed in three layers of packing. The description was accurate down to the cherry finish.  I had wanted that particular finish to match my cherry bedroom furniture. The black lining makes it easy to find the jewelry piece you are looking for. For the space it takes up it packs a lot of jewelry as storage goes all the way to the floor.  I especially like the top drawer which looks like molding.  Yes, the drawers do not slide out like dresser drawers, but they are small and slide in and out easily.  Well worth the money and then some.Very Happy with Armoire.
Well-protected packaging; arrived without damage, cross-country! I love this Jewelry Armoire. I have waited awhile for the perfect jewelry armoire and I FOUND it. Thank you!
This armoire arrived FAST and in perfect condition.  It is just as described.  It is large and has so much storage for jewelry.  If you don't have that much jewelry, the drawers are large enough to organize something else in the extra space (like make up or scarves or something).  The drawers are a great size and pull in and out easily.  The top drawer that looks like crown molding is a little slide out that you can put rings in.  The armoire comes completely assembled so that was great.  I think it was well worth the money!  I paid $240.
I love my jewelry armoire!  I waited a long time to buy it---and I did a lot of shopping and looking---both online and in the stores, before I actually bought one.  it's the perfect style and color for my bedroom---matches my furniture very well.I ordered it online and it was shipped to my home--arriving in perfect condition.i'm very happy with my purchase!
I bought this stand at Target after looking at many similar stands.  It is designed really well and looks quite good especially given the fact that I only paid $160.  It assembles quite easily and seems to be fairly sturdy.
I love this mat, but I found it at local box store for about the same price.  :-(  So check your local stores.
Terrific mat.  Heavier than expected.  It laid flat the first time I put it on the floor. Very nice rubber backing.  Beautiful job on the edging.  Thank you for such a wonderful product.
I love my desk. It is perfect for my 2nd bedroom. I lovethe mission oak quality of the design and the quality ofthe wood. Thankyou!!
I put it above a little white wooden vanity in my bedroom and it really looks nice.It does have a little bit of a distressed/antique look but not over the top so it looks purposeful
The texture isn't too soft or too rough and it's perfect for my kitchen where I have a cowboy theme going. It's bigger than I expected which is always a plus!
I wish you would get some more of these.  I ordered the last two you had available.  They are the best rugs I have!!
I have spent months searching for a similar product, that I have purchased from a local store in the past, only to find that it was no longer being produced by the manufacturer.  I was not convinced that this product would be an acceptable substitute.  I found it to be well made and well priced.  On top of that, quick delivery.  I plan on ordering more in the future
I use this to hold my MAC cosmetics 15 pan pro palettes and blush palettes. They fit perfectly and it keeps them organized nicely. This way they're always handy when I need them and it's easy to just grab and go.
This product is so amazing for the fact that I was able to use this to store my MAC 15 pan eyeshadow palette and when I was done using it I was able to put my DVD's in it.
I love love love the Acrylic CD/DVD Holder - Holds 7 DVDs or 14 CDs.  Only issue the dvd slots are a bit wider so movies tend to fall to lean
Clean, neat, functional. I can store CDs and DVDs.  I love this product and  I would recommend it to anyone.
A little pricey, but a perfect solution to CD storage.  They can be stacked almost anywhere and it easy to see CD's.
I bought several of these for my entertainment center. While they're stackable, they're also slippery, so I purchased some clear mounting squares from a stationery store to put in between each rack. That works just fine & the squares are removable so I can un-stack them any time I want.
These work nicely, and go very well together. I built wooden containers to house these, and they work great! (unlike the sliding mechanism the drawers are on). No complaints here! They are durable, and they hold your DVDs/CDs. I wish they were less expensive... but alas, they are cheaper than at a brick-and-mortar store! The cheapest I have found.
Finally, somewhere to store my growing CD collection.Choosing which CD to play is now so easy.Titles are visible and I can now arrange my CDs by artist and musical style .Quality is excellent too.Size fits the limited space available in my bookcase/stereo cabinet.Now, my problem is finding space for my books. I'm sure to order again once I find space.
It is a very good product for the bed room. You get five stars all the way. We like it.
I had been searching for a Men's Valet that would blend with the furnishing in our bedroom. This was the one and when it arrived and I put it together, by the way that was a breeze. I find it very practical and good value for what I paid. I would recommend this item to my family and friends.
Purchased for my husband for Christmas.  He loves it...he can put his clothes on the valet instead of our bed.
Just what I was looking for.Well made construction for the money. I may even buy another one in the future.
My Husband loves this! It takes up very little space and he has something to put his clothes onto by the end of the day.
Exactly what I was looking for.  The cart is well made and priced much lower then other carts of similar style.  What you see in the picture is what you get, so if you like what you see, buy it, if not keep shopping.
It arrived well packaged and I'm happy to report it is not cheesy. Met my expectations. It is the right height to fit on the open shelving of our TV stand. Stacking wouldn't be an option on our shelves, but might need another sitting next to it to hold overflow and at that pricepoint I put off thinking about ordering a second one. Maybe I'll see them at Target or another store. Chose this style because it holds all kinds of media - DVDs in sleeves or the commerdial plastic book-boxes from the store, video tapes (although we don't have a VCR and don't save video tapes).
This is a great DVD tray - stylish enough to display in your home and neatly organizes DVDs so they aren't falling all over the place. I liked it so much I bought another one!
the product is great. i wish the price was lower. I need to buy a few more
I purchased this chair and I got to say it just elevated my whole gaming experience. With that said I had one issue with volume control and contacted customer support and let me say they handled my issue promptly (same day) and I was really surprised at how easily they took care of the problem they definitely won me over as a customer and would recommend this chair to anyone!
I bought this chair to add rumble to my PS3. I had been back and forth on wether to buy the chair since I was unsure of the chairs abilities. For those that doubt this chair as I did, let me reassure you...10 minute set up and tweaking and you will be blown away at this chairs amazing features. It takes gaming to a hole new level and beats the snot out of plain old rumble controllers. 100% satisfied with this product!
This chair was a gift from my wife and I can't tell you how cool it is.  There is no other way to play video games once you've sat in this chair.  The speakers and vibration motors work together to match the action and help raise the tension in Halo and my other games to another level!  Although this chair is compatible with my Xbox and PS2, I can't wait until the Renegade version - it is compatible with every game system.  It is sure to be an instant addition to our living room.
I have a very large collection of DVD's.  I purchased this unit to house them.  It does a wonderful job and looks nice, too.  A great product for someone who wants to store many DVD's, CD's, Video Games, VHS.....
Assembly was a bit tedious, but I was satisfied with this product. It was worth it!
I decided to breast-feed my baby and thus wanted him to sleep next to our bed. However our bedroom is small and would not easily fit a full size crib next to the bed. So I decided to shop for a smaller but sturdy crib that can fit to a smaller space.I went to some stores and saw some similar items. Then I decided to get this cradle from amazon and I don't regret my decision.Pros:1) It is made of solid wood and it was packaged well. It came to us in perfect condition with no scratches or chips.2) It glides/swings easier than the ones I have seen in stores.3) It is a nice size, not too big not too small, I am planning to keep my son sleeping on it until he is a year old.4) You can lock it if you don't want it to glide.5) I am sure my son will love to use it as a gliding chair when he is a little older.6) It was easy to assemble, it took us about 20 minutes to put it together.7) The confirmation page indicated that the package would be recived about 7-9 days after the order date however it reached us within 3 days.Cons:1) The pad that comes with the cradle may not be your favourite. You may wanna buy a better one while buying sheets.In summary, I recommend this cradle and we are happy that we bought it.
For my first child I used a leading brand bassinet.  It was beautiful but almost impossible to clean.  In fact I had to throw it away because "spot cleaning" as directed just wasn't cutting it.  When I had my second child I decided to try the cradle route, and it was fantastic.  It was about $20 more, but is easy to clean, can hold the baby for several months longer, and can be reused again and again. (I am saving ours for my sister.)  This particular cradle feels sturdy, is made to last, and is aesthetically pleasing.  The product has one drawback though, the included cradle mattress.  It is just not of the same quality as the cradle itself.  So if you order the cradle go ahead and order a 2 inch cradle mattress to go with it. (You can get it pretty cheap on amazon.)
The Gliding Cradle was of better quality then expected. It came in before scheduled time which worked well since we were leaving for vacation the next day.  Quality was far better then expected. Instructions were easy to follow.  My wife was my third and fourth hand in putting it all together. One could assemble it alone but a second person makes it much easier.Thrilled with it !!!!!John & Marie
Very nice rug!  I would reccomend it to any Steelers fan!  It arrived quickly and is very high quality.  It will last for years.
I have very busy schedule, and I often eat my meals in bed while watching tv.  I have used this tray every day since I bought it 6 months ago.  It cleans nice, and holds the weight of my lap top.  Best money I ever spent. I had to get two. Nice gift for those who have everything.
What a great, convenient flip top table.  Fast and easy to set up.  Light weight and simple enough for my grandchildren. Got a husband who can't eat without sitting in front of the TV.  Imagine that? So, these are perfect.
I bought two of these for my daycare and I love them and the parents all want them for home instead of a regular high chair.  They are easy to clean and are of high quality.  The regular tray is plenty big enough.
I discovered these at a daycare my son went to.  It wasn't until 3 years later with my second son that I found these.  I love how he can sit down into the sit by himself (I then attach the tray for him.)  It is very well made and the tray is very easy and fast to attach.  I like that the tray attaches with a metal bracket and not cheap plastic.  It is a high quality product!  I don't use the straps but probaby nice for some people.
I purchased this to be used in our church and it is just what we wanted.  Don't demand so much or I will not write reviews
I have two BIG guys in my office -- one is 6'8&#34; and also another big guy (neither being the &#34;tall and lanky&#34; types either) and they both LOVE this chair and swear by it for long days at the desk doing computer work. Based on their experiences, I'd say it's a definite winner.
Visitors all tell me they are the most comfortable chairs of any place they go.  We hold training and meetings in our conference room all the time.  Some times for all day sessions with lunch brought in.  People used to complain about their sitting for so long but since we got these chairs no complaints except from the tiny people that cannot touch the floor with their feet  but even the tiny people do not complain allot.  one of our staff is 450 pounds and we have not heard a chair complain yet.Mesh back is comfortable and has a lumbar support that can be adjusted.Cons  Do not lower enough to fit tiny people but this is a big and tall chair.Not very ergonomically adjustableSeat might be too soft for some..I would recommend this to all but small people.  .  .
I's very comfortable and very sturdy.  Also, easy to adjust and a good fit.  Should be easy to clean with no fabric.
I've had this chair for about two years now and I absolutely love it! I spend hours in front of a computer at work, and then come home and spend hours more in front of a computer for school. I used to use cheapie chairs but I finally decided to invest a hunk and went with this model.No regrets. It's very sturdy, and feels nice and solid. The lumbar support works well for me. Rolls easily. It was pretty easy to assemble out of the box, and this from someone who's not especially handle at do-it-yourself furniture. For me, it works well both as a seat at the computer desk, and also as a place to rest my laptop while I'm sitting on the couch, kind of a mini-table on wheels.So, anyone who's big enough to make the average sized office chair not quite fit right, I definitely recommend this chair. Your back will thank you.
I've been through a few chairs - this one although not being the most comfortable is a sturdy chair.  Great buy!!!
I bought this chair for myself as a Christmas present last year. This chair has worked great, I'm a gamer and sent plenty of hours in this chair. the seat has lots of padding, the back is breathable and has an adjustable pad in the back for support. arm rests don't have a lot of padding on them, but when your to busy clicking away, you don't use them much anyways.
When I first got the chair I was a little put off by how low the arm rests seemed to be, but after just about a day I got over it.  This chair is very solid and comfortable.  It rolls smoothly with it's beefed up wheels, and feels extremely comfortable on my back and seat.  I'm a tall guy and a heavy weight, and I have absolutely no worries that this chair will fail.  If you're looking for a solid load bearer, this is your chair.....oh and I don't know why they don't mention this more often in descriptions of this chair, but the base where the wheels are attached is made of solid metal....that's a great thing to know;)
My husband really like this chair.  It's comfortable.  He's a tall man and the fit gives him good support and it works well on carpet.
the best office chair ever I got it real fast and I started to put it together and the casters was missing so I got to email the seller and they acted on it real fast I will get the part on 7/14/2014. It was very easy to set up. All I have to do is to put on the 5 caster and I'am done.  the office chair is made very well and strong.
Was slightly more difficult to assemble, but end result is a great chair that is holding up to my 345 lb frame.
This table was exactly what I thought I was purchasing.  It was simple to put together, it is heavy and beautiful and it is a perfect fit in my home.  Thank you so much!!
I bought this bookmark for my grandaughter and she loves it.  She is an avid reader and this is very helpful for marking her place when she is doing research for a book report for school.  It arrived very quickly and I was pleased.
The bean bag was on time!Very nice bean bag, my son loves it and is excited about it!!  Absolutely no hassle!!  Great job!!
This was my first time ordering a rug online. I can say that was quite surprised with size and quality. I purchased the 8 x 10 rug and the measurements were perfect for the room.The colors are rich and match the layout I was going for. My floors are hardwood, so it really stands out.This rug will occupy the guest room because I don't anticipate heavy traffic. I haven't had it long enough to comment on shedding, but if I do experience any it wouldn't be hard for me to fix. My only concern would be cleaning it. But if I only have guest 2 to 3 times a year, it shouldn't be too hard to clean.
Did some Feng Shui and now the living room looks fantastic with these pieces! Definitely a great deal and plan on getting a countertop table with chairs soon because of the good experience with this purchase!
We purchased this product for use as two twin beds for our four-year-old and two-year-old children. We plan to turn the two twins into the single bunk bed when the oldest child turns six.The frames arrived well packaged, and without damage. My husband assembled them, mostly alone, in two hours.After correct assembly, using all the "slats" for mattress support, these beds are very stable and safe. We believe the beds will continue to be very stable after we stack them into the bunk beds, using the large dowels provided to connect them.We are pleased with the beds for the price and recommend this product for use by children up to young teenagers.
Bought these beds for our 4 and 2-year-old daughters-- we have a two bedroom home and our youngest was climbing out of her crib.  These beds are a great height for small children.  They are low enough to put my mind at ease about someone falling out and breaking a bone.  Not hard to assemble either.
My wife and I bought this bed for our three year old daughter.  It was shipped quickly, and protected well.  When the bed game it was packed for easy sorting.  The directions were wonderful and all the hardware was included.  All pre-drilled holes alined nicely and it was easy to assemble.  The worse part about the assembly was putting the wooding slats on each bed for the mattress support.  It took me about two hours to put the entire bed together.  Once together, the bed is sturdy and very nice looking.
We've had these beds for 2.5 years now and they are still going strong. We've transitioned them several times from bunk beds to two separate beds and it's very easy to do. They are very sturdy. We've scuffed the white paint alot, but they still look great. Plus is that they can be sanded and painted when needed. Love them. May buy a second set when we have another child!
GREAT QUALITY BED! BETTER THAN EXPECTED, GREAT PRICE!MY 2 AND 3 YEAR OLD GIRLS LOVE IT AND THE HEIGHT IS PERFECT FOR THE YOUNGER AGE GROUPS!
This trunk was ordered for keepsakes . . . will be ordering another one.  Very happy with the quality and the appearance of the trunk.
Trunk arrived promptly, quality construction - wheels are great benefit once loaded to send your student off to college.  It now serves double duty as a table in the dorm room and storage for extra linens.
I don't understand why this got some negative reviews. It is a great set of furniture at a great price. Shipping was fast and convenient, and the set went together very easily. It looks great on our deck, and is very sturdy. We ordered two more of the stools as well.
This table arrived within a week of my order.  It's the perfect height for my barstools (from another store) and matches them almost exactly.  My barstools each are $299 and this table looks as expensive as they do.  It's a nice heavy wood in a beautiful cappucino/esspresso color.  It was hard to find a 42" pub table so I'm very pleased with this purchase.
I had been looking for this table literally for months because it had to be so specific.  The 42" height in the cappuccino color was impossible to come by, especially in my price range.  Also, I needed something that could be delivered and had easy assembly since I have a small car, can't fit much.  I LOVE this table, its sturdy, VERY easy to assemble and was at my door sooo fast! Days earlier than the anticipated delivery date! thank you thank you thank you!!!
You have no idea how long and hard I looked trying to find a table of these measurements, in this color, at anywhere near this price (or any price for that matter).  This is such a peculiar cut for a table that I would have been satisfied even with marginal craftsmanship - what I received far exceeded my expectations.  I have had it about 6 months now and I can say this table is durable, was easy to put together, and looks outstanding - very classy touch to my dining area. Couldn't ask for a better built, better looking table to fit my very niche need.
The table is sturdy and well made. It is easy to put up and take down. A very good buy.
I received it a day earlier than I was expecting it to arrive.  It is excellent quality, heavier than my original one that finally fell apart.  This table should give me many years of good service.  I wish I hadn't waited so long to make this purchase.  Thank you for the good service.
This table weighs a bit more than I expected.  That's because it's really sturdy -- not cheap like most card tables.  It's quick and easy to open and fold.  I would buy again.
This table is a very good thing to have for many projects and uses.  It is sturdy, and easy to store.  Every home should have one.
Perfect replacement for a broken one that I bought 20+ years ago. This model of folding table is very good quality with a padded top.
I really like the table. It was shipped on time.  I use it as a utility table by my freezer in the basement.  It is of good quality materials.
I fell in love with this table at Costco, however so did the rest of the Costco consumers and when I went back it was sold out. This table is truly made for fitting a lot of junk in the truck. It's HUGE! The top slides nicely, it's not overly loose so if you set something on it it won't open, but not so tight that you have to be a professional weight lifter to open it either. The wood is sturdy and the details in it are gorgeous. This table has found it's forever home!
ILOVE THIS TABLE, LOOKS GREAT FUNCTIONS GREAT FOR STORAGE. MOST REASONABLE PRICED ANYWHERE. IALSO PURCHASED MATCHING END TABLES. WILL ALWAYS LOKK TO AMAZON FIRST WHEN MAKING PURCHASES.
I saw this coffee table in person and loved it immediately. I think I went to the same store about 4 times just to look at it, but the price wasn't quite right and since I have a small car I couldn't transport it myself. I did a search online and found it here. I was so thrilled to see a reasonable price! This piece really is beautiful, the pictures don't do it justice. It's a very unique piece, that you will not easily find another style like it. It looks amazing in my family room.
Table arrived without a scratch on it, packed really well and is absolutely gorgeous.  Top slides open silently and easily.  Would definitely say the price was worth it.  Beautiful finish on the wood.
This is really a beautiful table and I love having all the storage space inside.  If I had more space to put it, I would buy several more pieces from this collection.  Also the company and its customer sevice rep were great to work with.  I would recommend the table and the company to anyone who likes this Tuscany-like furniture.
I've been eyeing this table for some time now and found an awesome deal so I bought immediately. This Cocktail Table looks absolutely amazing in my home (if your looking for that Old World look/ Tuscany feel) the dark rich walnut color w/rustic design, weathered belts, and thick chunky legs make this piece one of a kind. It's also cool in the fact that it splits in the middle and opens for storage... I place extra blankets, play station games, controls inside. The table came in mint condition with no flaws and makes a great addition to my sofa sectional and living room area. This is a must buy! You will be amazed and impressed to say the least!
love it great quality. beautiful wood. nothing but compliments. actually looks better in person than the picks. recommend 100%. you wont be sorry.
I bought this trunk and the matching sofa table at Levin's furniture. Oddly, I had viewed this picture online and didn't think much of it. However while shopping at Levin my husband and I fell instantly in love with the set. It is GORGEOUS in person. There is such elegant detail that did not translate in these pictures. It was a sturdy solid set. It is also more expensive at Levin's (of course) but we bought it there to avoid shipping issues and for their warranty. I would absolutely recommend this set.
My table arrived quickly.  It is beautiful and has a ton of storage.  I have gotten lots if compliments on it. I love my table.
I was very pleased with this chest. It was exactly what I was expecting (good quality). It came already assembled and has no defects whatsoever. Shipping was not a problem either. I recommend this product and seller.
The bed is awesome. Both of my dogs take turns sleeping on it and both love it. I got it two weeks late however.The bed and service i received when inquiring about the shipment of the bed were great.
These are wonderfully made!  I unpacked the first bed and my yellow lab got right in it!!  The cushion has a strap to hold the cushion in place and you can reverse it as we'll like human furniture.  Very sturdy and very we'll crafted!!  They were shipped fast for such large pieces.  They a big but they do not take up a lot of space.  Would by a uttermost dog bed again!!! Absolutely love them and so do my girls!!
THESE CHAIRS ARE NICE AND THEY CAME ALREADY PUT TOGTEHER MANY TIMES PEOPLE SEND UN MADE ITEMS AND AS AN OLDER CITIZEN ITS HARD FOR ME TO DO. THANK YOU I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE PEOPLE
I guess the photo tree idea is no longer that popular since it was so difficult for me to find one : (  But I am glad I bought this one... well, actually I bought two!  It is quite attractive and well made.  Displays well by itself, even without any photos or cards.  Does match well to the now popular home oil-rubbed bronze hardware and decor accents.
For the price, it makes a great jewelry tree. Sorta cheap construction (made in china), but after all, it is a wire construction, and isn't going to be carrying a huge load. More than enough hooks to hold all your jewelry, and looks pretty darn nice, too. If you were looking for a jewelry tree which doesn't break the bank, but is still aesthetically pleasing, no need to keep searching.Oh, and don't be fooled by the fact that it says brown. The color of the actual item is identical to the one shown in the image - black with a very slight brown tint. I got it for my girlfriend, and she loved it. However, we did have a fight on whether or not it was brown or black. She said black, I said very very very very dark brown.
A wonderful little desk that was so easy to assemble and looks great for the price.That is all I have to say.
Solid Wood! The drawer is quite roomy, the interior of the cabinet is spacious, measurements are true to size. I was able to put it together by myself without my husbands assistance.  The cons: the varnish odor is strong and there is no punch out hole in the back to get a cord thru for my laptop charger, but that is an easy fix if you have tools. Overall, I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend to others! Very worth to money!
As described, easy to put together, and sturdy.  Great desk.
I am 5 11", 210 lb guy and I am used to working at home over the weekend. this is a perfect desk for people who are looking to pay less and get the best value. I would not say that this is as good as a "Wood work" desk, but the material is much much better than what we get otherwise. As others have mentioned, it takes 2 ppl and about 3 hrs to put together ( with an electric screwdriver). If you do not have an electric screwdriver, I would really suggest you to buy one before this bad boy comes in..Otherwise you are looking at about 150 screws and bolts and most of the pre-made holes on the desk are purposely made smaller so that it there is perfection while putting it together. You will have to widen the screw holes.I have a 13" laptop in the center, a 24" display on the left corner and a HP 6600 printer on the right side and there is ample space for other things. The drawers are at perfect depth and the quality once again is great. The CPU space can be converted into multiple shelves and they provide slots for the same. All in all, I just love this desk and is perfect for my space.IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A DESK UNDER $200, THIS IS THE ONE.
This multifunction computer desk is a good value.  It comes in two packages, which are designed pretty well to protect the contents.  My desk came with no defects or freight damages.The instruction booklet is good.  The diagrams and words are printed clearly.  And I haven't found any errors in it.  If you do by the steps instructed in the guide, you'll get it done eventually.  But it did take quite a long time (like three more hours) for me to assemble it.  I took my time to make sure I did the right thing.  And my final product looks good.A word of caution:  when assembling the file folder bars in the bottom drawer (the big one), do not screw them in too much, otherwise they could brake the surface veneer of the front panel.  I was pretty careful when I did it, and when I checked and saw a bulge in the surface I immediately stopped screwing in and unscrewed a few turns so the surface looks flat again.  It wasn't damaged because I stopped just in time.Someone mentioned the narrow leg room and I agree that this desk does appear to have narrower leg room than most desks I've seen.  The distance between the left panel and the right panel is slightly less than 20 inches.  It's actually 19 1/2 inches.  But I have really tried and found that I could use the desk a few hours in a row without feeling discomfort.  Furthermore, since I plan to use the desk in a guest room so it wouldn't be a problem.  I don't know how it will go if you use it as your major desk and use it all day long.This desk looks neat and has plenty of rooms for your computer stuff, drawers for stationary and files.  And it does not occupy too much of floor space.  I recommend this desk for students living in dormitories, as well as homeowners in general.
Have had this table about a year now. Easy to install with plenty of spaace for all of your office needs
We love this desk.  we bought this for our new house so we could have the computer in the kitchen, its small yet fits everything we need.  the kids love being able to work on the computer and do homework at the desk.  It came in many pieces, but following the directions we had no issue putting it together. its a very nice desk for the price and looks pretty once all together.
Excellent product. It did take several hours to put together, but the instructions were quite simple and articulate. There were spare parts as well as an included screw driver. The screw driver was not tough enough enough for good tightening but no big deal. All holes were pre-drilled and very accurately aligned. A very good product .
My husband is perhaps the pickiest person in the world when it comes to buying a desk.  It took him a good 2 months to pick this one out.  He absolutely loves it.  The drawers slide very nicely and line up perfectly when closed (none of that wonkiness that you get with some desks).  Everything looks very sleek and modern.  The color is true to the picture and fits his nice hefty self built PC in the provided space.
Well here goes. This is my first review, but I was impressed and had to say so. It took 6 1/2 hours to assemble - but I am slow, and a perfectionist - and was working alone. Getting the boxes in to the house was probably the hardest part. I am 60 years old and cannot kneel or get down on the floor. I used a ratcheting screw driver (if you use the one included, it will probably take you three weeks - LOL!) I do not recommend using a power screwdriver - as they tend to overdo on particle board. I recommend using the screwdriver to "open up" the pre-drilled holes before trying to put your screws in. They are mostly filled over with the "paint." The package arrived with everything wrapped VERY WELL. All pieces present and accounted for - even a little bag marked "spares" - which I did not need. No damage to any of the pieces. I followed the instructions in order and the desk went together perfectly - all drawers and doors hung perfectly the first time. And it looks great. VERY HEAVY and sturdy. The drawers and keyboard tray slide smoothly and silently. Be aware that the finish is a plastic coating that sort of looks wood grained. Anything sharp or made of solvent would damage it. All-in-all a pretty good bargain for $140.
This desk was great took me about 3 hours to put together but it wasnt difficult at all. Just lots of pieces. Looks great though just like the picture!
Great desk easy to put together and it is just the right size. Everything was here and went together in about an hour. I love the way it is sent in two boxes so one person can lift it alone..
It's a really very good productI myself recommended  it to all my friends, and two of them are going to buy now.
We're very pleased with this desk.  We have very limited space to work with and this fit the bill for us.
It took my husband and I a little while to put this together, but once done, it is a very nice set up.  We chose not to install the keyboard tray and it suits our needs perfectly.  Definitely would recommend it.
Took a little time to put together, but directions were clear so it wasn't bad. A drill made it much easier. Overall, a great looking desk - especially for the price!
I am pleased with this desk. Thanks to the customer who gave the dimensions and insight in the directions, big help! This desk is time consuming to put together, approx 6 hrs. I took my time to be sure I did it correctly. If you have two people it would be better, because it can be awkward  putting together some of the pieces.I am a woman and did it by myself, so it can be done!This desk is sturdy and well made. I have a monitor/printer/calculater/phone/lamp on top of this desk and I still have room for paper work. Plenty of storage. The drawers and doors work properly. This desk is worth the hassle of putting it together. I have to disagree with the limited sitting space from one reviewer,  i find there is plenty of room. If you want a good desk under $200.00 this is the desk!
I really like this desk... I wished that it came in black.  It wasn't very hard to put together and all the pieces where there and nothing was damaged in shipping.
I needed storage so this big hunk o' desk was perfect. Its a chocolate brown color, the wood or mdf is sturdy and heavy. It comes in 2 boxes and the directions are easy to read. They even give you a little philips screw driver in the kit. I laid out all the screws and pieces by number first. Then i grouped all the wood pieces together by their numbers. It made it much easier to sort thru it all. I did it all by myself and I'm a girl! :0  My advice would be to use a drill if you have one- the holes and the screws match up great but the holes are tiny and it gets tough after a while. I'm exactly sure how long it took from start to finish since i put all the drawers and pc shelf together one night and then the rest of it the next. Probably all together it was a few hours.
1.  Feels like real wood.  Probably is.2.  Quality parts.  Door hinges, Drawer sliders, Keyboard sliders3.  Great customer service.  I had a piece that was damaged during shipment.  Customer service shipped me a new one.4.  Instructions were easy to follow.5.  Tools and extra screws were included.
Well made computer desk for a good price. It is great for smaller rooms. It does take about 1 hour 45 to assemble.
When my husband first opened the box, I thought it would be a challenge to put together. The instructions were very easy to follow so putting the desk together was a breeze. The quality and workmanship is excellent. Since I have a 24 inch monitor, I was not able to place my compact all-in-one printer on the desk with it. But overall, it's a winner for my home office. I would definitely recommend the desk to anyone who want  to not have a desk that does not take up a lot of space but is also a quality piece of furniture.
I've had this desk for about 2 months now and it has been great. It looks nice and is everything that I wanted in a computer desk. Now I will say that when it first arrived and I took it out of the box it was kind of intemadating but I had fun putting it together. Great desk but have spare time when u plan on putting it together.
Outstanding desk, once is assembled. The assembly is somehow a little long (there is a lot of pieces) but no difficult since everything is properly labeled. Check the screws labels before you put them in, since there is a few types.
It was a little smaller than I anticipated, but works very well.  It took some time to put together, but was very easy and I thought the instructions were very well written and sufficiently descriptive.
Yes, it does take a long time to put together.  Yes, you do need to have a power drill (fully charged) at your disposal.  Other than that, it's a one man job up until one of the last steps when you need to lift the desk top onto the base.  But the instructions (unlike other items I have purchased) are VERY CLEAR.  It's time consuming because there is a LOT of assembly required, but it is very doable. Just need time, patience, good tools, and a large work area.Oh, and it looks really great once it is up.  As an added bonus, this desk has practically no sharp corners.  Didn't need to baby proof it at all, which was a huge plus.
Desk arrived quickly.  2 boxes and one very heavy.  2 people assembled and took an hour and a half.  Very nice looking and very sturdy.  Pleased.
This desk is really nice!! It looks very expensive and I was able to put it together all by myself and I am 62 years old! It did take about 6 hours, but I just took my time and went step by step. I do recommend highly recommend this desk.
We bought two of these desk and they turned out to be just what we wanted. Not too complicated to assemble and look good. We were very pleased with the price and the quick delivery of the desk.EB
I spent a lot of time looking around for just the right size desk, the color, the features....and this desk has it all.  With an electric screwdriver it goes together easily; I found all parts to be well marked.  It's a very nice looking desk for as inexpensive as it is.  It has nice storage capability.  It doesn't have room for a printer unless you want to take up space on the top of the desk; I bought a small square table at Target which I put next to the desk.  It's just big enough to hold my printer on the top shelf and it also has a shelf for my CD's. I would recommend this desk; in fact I am going to buy one for my daughter and her husband for Christmas.
I just love the desk it fists so great in the space I have easy to clean. Holds all my stuff and I have a lot of stuff at the desk. So happy with it. Worth the money and I can't find any thing like it around town.
I had very little storage on my old cluttered computer desk and this desk was exactly what I needed.  It was also easy to put together and looks great.
Great desk for the money & considering it is a &#34;put together yourself item&#34;, it is very well designed & sturdy.Directions were easy to follow. I hesitate to mention that one item was damaged during shipping. It was packaged extremely well, but there must have been a&#34; bull in a china closet&#34; some where between the supplier and my front door.I made one 2 minute phone call, talked to a &#34;friendly, real person&#34;, no questions asked & a replacement part was on it's way. Would not hesitate to buy from them again.
My wife says that they are very beautiful,functional and contemporary.  BUT, thedirections are a little crazy.  They should show a blow up of some of the steps asit is unclear (at least to me) which way the drawer sliders go on.  I bought twoand the second one went a lot smoother.  I saved $108.00 by going with Amazon.Staples wanted $229.00 and Amazon was $175.00.
I have put together a lot of these  desks and others that assemble like it. It is a very sturdy well made desk. THe instructions where well written and easy to follow, although it took me about 3 hours to assemble it, going slow and taking a few breaks of course.  Was packaged very well and came with no scratches or anything wrong with it, also comes with some extra assembly screws and parts i guess in case if you loose some. Overall very nice desk, and all the doors line up perfect. ONly small complaint like others have stated is the opening size for the chair is only 19 1/2&#34;s .  A typical size chair with arm rests prob won't fit in the opening, at least the one I have doesn't , so we are going to have to buy a smaller chair or at least one that dont have the arm rests
I love this desk:  it looks great, made with sturdy real wood, fits a lot even though it's not huge.This desk is very comfortable and it's easy to organize all my things in it.  At the same time, it's not huge and doesn't take up a lot of room.  In addition, it's very well made and looks great.  Would definitely buy it again.
This desk is great! Good quality and size. It did take sometime putting it together so I highly recommend having 2 people but its well worth it!
This desk was not as hard to put together as I expected after reading all the reviews.  It was a fairly long process, but the directions were accurate.  It appears to be sturdy.  The only complaint I have may actually be a good thing.  I was unable to use my electric screwdriver on this because the holes were slightly small.  I used my drill/screwdriver with more power.  I expect that the tighter screws will increase this desk's durability.
Desk works and looks great.  The door and drawers feel smooth and well made.  Nothing on the desk seems cheap or flimsy.  I like that the finish looks more like paint and not stain.  Only other feature I would like is for a raised shelf on the top rear of the desk for the monitors.
Nothing but compliments on this dope desk.  I spent two weeks looking at everything on Amazon and overstock, etc.  This one has been called "unique" and is often credited with curing polio.  Do yourself a favor and buy 10!
It is everythin g i expected. I read the reviews and they said it would be hard to put together. It wasn't hard just took a long time! Patience is required. Directions are easy.
I love this desk. Assembly was easy and I was able to do it by myself. A second person to help put on the top would be helpful but I got it and I am small. Everything aligned perfectly and is very sturdy. It looks fantastic! The back is actually a piece of wood with a hole for ventilation not that cheap paper crap. The little hidden shelf inside where the computer tower goes was the perfect size to fit both my cable hook up box and router. I will definitely be looking at the other products they make and if I ever need another space saving desk I will get another one of these.
The design of the desk is great. The finished product is strong. Drawers move smoothly. No movement of the desk when working on it. We are very pleased with the finished product. But we do have to say that we hope that we never have a need to assemble another one of these desks. I've put together furniture, toys, etc. for years. The assembly of this desk was one of the more complex jobs that I've done. There are a lot of just the wooden parts, and many screws and bolts. But even with all of the parts, we were amazed to discover that every single part was there. As I searched for a particular part number, I was certain that it had been left out, but every part always turned up.The only negative point that we have noticed (may mean nothing for your use) is that the small keyboard tray doesn't slide out as far as we would like. A possible bonus is that if you are using a laptop or All-in-One computer, you gain additional storage space where the CPU would have gone.
While the desk was relatively complex to other furniture I've constructed, it wasn't difficult. I've thoroughly enjoyed the style of the design. This desk supports 6x 24&#34; monitors connected via a hefty stand while I execute trades within the financial markets and I've no concern with respect to stability. I highly recommend this desk.
Just what I ordered, took a while to put together, but knew it would. Desk is great, day one and all is well.
It was a bit of a job putting it together but after it was complete, it's been great!  Very well put together!
Arrived on time, and it was relatively easy to assemble. It's ideal for working at home - better than I expected.
It has a lot of parts and a lot of steps to put it together, but if you pay attention to the steps and the drawings, you will do fine. It is extremely sturdy and the drawers and doors fit great. It took me about 4-1/2 to 5 hours to put it together, and it was worth the time spent because we have a great desk for our Granddaughter that will last her several years.
This has been one of the best desks I have ever owned. It is sturdy and has the perfect amount of storage in it.
This purchase far exceeded my expectation.  Great quality materials and easy to follow assembly instructions.  The end result is a beautiful desk that I am enjoying.
I like it. Easy to put together, looks good, i might not break this one. Five more words required. thanks.
Not bad value for the money. Desk is not so durable instructions are clear how to assemble it nice looking desk for the money. Took about 1.5 hours to put it together I got it for my son he likes it.
Took me about 2 hours to assemble it. Great value for the price. One thing, you can throw the tools they gave you to put it together, as the are useless. I have a cordless drill, so that dis go a lot faster. I can't imagine anyone putting it together with the tools they profided.
This desk is a bargain at &#60;$180. I took my time & assembled it over 2 days. No rush; made sure I had all of the pieces, etc. I was amazed at the efficiency of packaging as well as that of assembly. End result: great looking & very strudy desk.One note of caution. The veneer is actually some sort of &#34;shrink wrap&#34; over particleboard. Be careful when screwing in the rails for for the hanging file drawing. The instructions actually tell you to be careful how far you screw them in to the pre-drilled hole in the back of the face of the drawer or they'll poke out through the front of the drawer. I thought I would be extra cautious when screwing the rail, giving it about 2-3 spins. When I finished I flipped the drawer face over & saw that the rail tips were just about to tear through the &#34;veneer.&#34; No margin for error here so be very careful.
I have been looking for a work station for literally years that fulfilled my needs and this desk FINALLY did it! Nice drawer space and cabinet space. Not a piece of junk or over priced either. NIce and sturdy, good looking and impressive to have in a room. It took my husband about 4 hours to put together- lots of pieces but well worth the effort.  Very nice-I would highly recommend this piece especially at this great price! And LOVE the color! Its exactly what I have been searching for.
I put this desk together in about an hour with nothing but a manual screw driver (not the included one). Every single part was labeled to make it nearly fool proof. Between that and the pictures I didn't read the text of the instructions. The desk feels really stable. The keyboard drawer is small. It really doesn't have enough room for a keyboard and mouse on it.The instructions have you put the drawers together first. If your limited on space I'd skip the drawers and build the rest of the desk, then put the drawers together at the end. Also, when you put the rails on that hold the lower drawer leave them loose at first. They partially cover the screws that you need to tighten to build that side of the desk. After you tighten the screws then you can finish putting on the lower rails. It'll make sense when you start assembling it.
This desk is very practical for apartments. It is not too big, and not too small. It is darker than it appears in the picture, and even sharper looking. It is not hard to put together, but it does take around 5 hours. My husband thought it was a lot of fun. We just bought a new drill that he could use when putting it together. It is heavy, but the material is GREAT quality. Make sure not to misplace any of the parts that come with it and organize them in a bin or something (especially if you have cats that like to steal). You can tell that this desk will last, and it is well worth the money. Get this desk while you still have the chance! :-)
Love this desk.  I work from home and use it every say!  Very nice and storage is great! it was simple to assemble
It takes awhile to assemble-faster if you have an electric screwdriver or a drill with Phillips head bit. The directions are clear but follow them carefully. Quality was above expectations for the price.
This desk is very nice.  It assembled quite easily, although it took several hours.  Nice and sturdy.  The drawers slide smoothly.  Plenty of room for paper work and computer work.  The cubbyholes on either side are a bit of a waste because of the accessibility.  I use it to store printer paper and replacement ink.
We received the desk in a timely manner.  There are lots of parts, so it took some time to assemble.  But it looks great and is perfect for our needs.
It looks very nice and elegant when we finished installing it! It spent two people almost 4 hours with electric tools to install it. It is really sturdy!  Recommend !
Very cool computer desk, delivered earlier than expected. Very time consuming to build the desk but other than that this product is great. Would recomend it if you need a computer desk.
It went together easily.  The desk top area is roomy and love having the drawers to hold files, and supplies. The finish is very nice and is holding up well, ex:no scratches. Very nice, sturdy, the drawers open and close easily and looks great.
The Good:This desk is exactly what I was looking for.  It pleased my wife as well as my technical needs (I'm a web developer / gamer).  It can hold 2 laptops, 2 widescreen monitors and also have room for an iPad and writing area.  The "semi-desk" under the main desk is also very useful for storing phones, keys, wallets, headphones, more laptops, and other gadgets.The Bad:CPU storage cabinet is small.  I had to downsize form a mid-size tower to a mini-tower.  It takes max 16 inches depth and 16 inches height.  There is also a shelf at the top. If you get rid of the shelf you can probably go up to 18 inches in height.Could be good or bad:Took 3 hours to build.  One person is enough.  Be patient.
I searched diligently for a nice desk under $200 locally and online. I was getting frustrated because there seem not to be a lot of choices , and some where just not that attractive. This desk caught my eye on another website but I waited a day to buy it because a lot of reviewers were complaining on how difficult the assembly was with the desk. It seemed like most people thought it was a very nice desk so I went ahead and ordered it. I received it rather quickly and shipping was free which was a plus.I am going to agree and say the assemble requires patience; however, it is not as difficult as some mentioned. It has a lot of small parts, mostly screws. I think the reason for this is that this is a very well designed desk. I am in the middle of the pack as far as being handy, and I was able to handle it without much trouble. It did take me about 7 hours to put it together but I paced my self to make sure I did not mess up. Some people might cry at that amount of time but the end result is well worth it .Now on to the desk itself...The wood on it feels like real wood , not like the cheap stuff you get at Walmart. It feels very sturdy not wobbly like some other furniture you sometimes buys. The designed is great in that you have a cabinet for your pc tower to hide it and you have filing cabinet and 2 drawers. I like the fact that you have some counter space between the your cabinets and top part of desk. It works great for little stuff like Ipods, etc. The desk is heavy so here is a tip... BUY MOVING MEN SLIDERS AND PUT ON THE LEGS TO MAKE IT EASY TO MOVE IT. I bought some at Target that stay on and they blend in very nice with the desk.So in conclusion , yes I wish the desk assembly was less time consuming but the end result will make you forget about it. You can either buy an easy to assemble desk  that you might find from Walmart and then you are not sure if you like it, or you can suffer a little bit putting it together and be in love with your new work station . I would buy this again. Hope it helps someone :)
This desk is very nice. the one thing I like the most was all the pieces were marked clearly, no guessing what piece went were.
I would recommend to everyone who is looking fof N office desk, this desk is very attractive and nice edition tomy home office I love it....
Excellent quality solid product will order again
We chose this desk for it's design and price. It was not difficult at all to assemble. It is very sturdy, much better than anything I've ever picked up at IKEA. It looks great in the room.Just a Ticky-tac observation, you need to constantly dust it off. It is like having a black car, all the dust, dog hair and whatever gets kicked up in the room really shows up.That being said, we love the desk and are very happy with it.
We are very happy with the desk.  It is just as described, perfect for a small space.  It was packaged in 2 flat boxes, so it did take quite a bit of time to put it together.  The end result is worth it.
Bought this desk about 2 month now looks are absolutely gorgeous best for HS and college student use. love it worth the money
Like many have said, assembly requires a bit of time and a power drill is a definite must for assembly. I think this says more about the quality and sturdiness of the desk though as compared to cheaper desks I have assembled, this desk doesn't wobble and is extremely sturdy. There is a few things you should think about before purchasing this desk though. The opening between the two cabinets is very small and you will likely not be able to push in any executive style chairs. Actually, I don't think most chairs would be able to fit in the opening. Also if you have a larger computer it wont fit into the cabinet with the door so you may have to remove it like i did.Update: I have always hated the keyboard trays but with my big chair it is a must and I have gotten used to it. Since the cold rolled around I have found an issue. The veneer is a plastic sort of coating over the MDF. While it is extremely resistant to wear and tear, it is extremely susceptible to heat. My apartment has baseboard heaters and the desk was backed up against one of them. I turned on the heat in the room to the minimum setting for about 5 minutes and it caused the shrink and curl up against the wood. Its not noticeable but its kinda frustrating that I cant heat that room anymore.
This was a good desk fairly easy to assemble just requires patience and a partnerI can tell you this much it is not made to be moved once assembledIf you want to move it you need to take it apart
Very sturdy, good looking, highly functional, this quality of desk should cost much more than it does.  The drawers roll in and out well. We're going to buy another one.
This desk is great for the price.  It really does take about 4-5 hours to put together, but the directions are very clear and were easy to follow.  I would not recommend if you have to put it together on your own, I needed the help of another person for a couple steps.  The majority can be done alone, but not completely. Desk is nice quality, and not huge/heavy.  I use it with a laptop and have just the right amount of room for my computer, books and notebook.  I live the file drawer, its just right for hanging folders.
I purchased this desk for my son who is old enough to start using a computer and needed a place to keep his school stuff and do homework. We wanted something that looks modern and not too child specific so he can use it years later (who would want to have some cartoon themed furniture as teenager).Pros: First off this is a very nice desk for the price, and seems sturdy enough that it could actually last many years. I found it well laid out with some very convenient features for wire routing and access. Storage space is adequate. Everything lined up nice and the mechanical parts (hinges, rollers, slides) operate smoothly. One of my favorite aspects is that you can actually pick up the desk and move it if need be and not feel like it's going to break apart due to handling. Most inexpensive furniture suffers from this issue, that is being weakly constructed. This desk is not like that.Cons: I only have minor drawbacks to list such as the assembly takes about 2 hours. There are many parts but they are all numbered and the instructions are clear so it's not a problem just be prepared to take inventory and spend some time putting it all together. Keyboard tray could be a bit wider to accommodate a full size keyboard and leave more room for the mouse. It's usable as is, but the mouse space is a bit cramped. I think I will purchase a smaller format keyboard with a travel-style mouse for my son, to make it more comfortable to use.Bottom line: if you like the style based on the picture, and don't mind the assembly, you'll be happy with this desk.
This is a beautiful desk, it exceeded my expectations.  Would recommend it to any one.  Love it.  Arrived in great shape even though it was shipped across country.
Wow, I am really impressed with this desk. I searched for desks with a keyboard tray both on Craigslist and all over the web. I almost pulled the trigger on the South Shore (which seems incredibly cheap), but that useless CD tower seemed like a big waste.Then I found the Techni Mobili and wow, it seemed it was designed with my needs in mind: big, nice looking, solid top board, computer tray, two spaces between the drawers and the top board to put half hidden stuff (like a USB concentrator and hard drives), plus all the drawers.And it looks great!It does take a while to assemble (I think it was almost 4h for me), but it was completely worth it.I knock one star because it came with some annoying scratches: one in the middle of the top board that it's particularly peeving. But since I typically have the laptop there, it's kinda ok.Good stuff.EDIT: Well, I had given it 4 stars because some boards came with some small scratches. I complained, and Cymax not only offered to replace the boards, but gave me a refund. 5 stars now, I am completely satisfied with this awesome desk.
This desk is exactly what I wanted.  It fits the area of the room just as needed.  The price was fair for the quality of the piece.
I love this desk. I had one that was too big, but had no draws, but this one works excellent in my room for studying.
We bought two of these and are very pleased with them. They came with good assembly instructions and are organized nicely.
Was on the hunt for a reasonably priced computer desk that could hide my cpu and still look clean and compliment my home.  I love the look of the product and the weight...it's not lightweight, very heavy and seems to be durable.  It was a lot of manual labor, but instructions were good and I like doing these kinds of projects.  Extremely happy that I found this item for a great price and looking forward to having it last for years to come.
This is a great looking desk! It is a long assembly, but easy!If you are looking for an attractive piece of furniture and have a few spare hours, get it!
I am very impressed by this desk.  It is very solid and you do need a power drill to get the screws into the wood.  It took me 4.5 hrs to put together from start to finish including unpacking, organizing and cleanup.  For the price I would highly recommend this desk.
Beautiful desk.  The only thing my son doesn't like is that sitting in his chair, his legs don't fit under the desk.  However, that may not be the fault of the desk.  It may be the fact that my son is very tall and has long legs or that the chair can't lower enough.  Beautiful desk, though, and sturdy.
This piece replaced a much large item for the same function.  Desk is efficient to use with good storage options.  The shelf below the top is good for items used frequently without have to open a drawer.  Despite some other comments to the contrary, it was easy to assemble, probably the best marked of any DIY piece I have ever seen.  Even different sized screws were in different, labelled, bags rather than one big bag where they have to be identified from drawings in the instructions.  Likewise, every hard piece was number labelled.
I am enjoying my desk. It has all the compartments that I was looking for in a desk and the filing drawer is roomy. Directions and instructions were very clear and simple to follow. All of the parts (and there were lots of parts including screws, bolts, nails, etc.) were clearly label. There was a screw driver included in the package; however, I would advise you to have a flat head screw driver and a pair of plies. I found these items to come in handy.  I laid everything out and placed them in order according the numbers and letters this just made it easier for me to look for things as I was following directions according to the instructions.It took me quite some time to put it together; nevertheless, it was not all smooth sailing, the problem I had was due to my own error of being tired and not paying fully attention to what I was doing. I quickly corrected error and moved on. The only complaint that I had was due to scratches made on the desk top while laying face down on carpet while applying the remaining screws, bolts, etc to the desk. Please note: There were no scratches, damage, or missing parts or hardware when received. When I lift the desk top up to place it on the desk there were scratches on it from the carpet; I don't how that happened, but it did. I was to tired to get up set, I simply went to Home Depot and brought a protective finish (Polycrylic Protective Finish Crystal Clear Satin by-Minwax) and applied it to the complete desk. I am so glad I did that, the desk looks amazing and the satin finish was just enough to give a little sheen; the scratches all disappeared and I have a great computer and work desk. I recommend this desk to anyone who is looking for a roomy work station.
This desk was so easy to assemble, I have put allot of stuff together and this was a pleasant surprise. Beautiful color with plenty of space. The adjustable legs make it easy to level on the carpet. I am happy with this and will be looking for more item from them. Thank you Amazon.
I bought this desk primarily because of the positive reviews from others that had bought the desk.I wasn't disappointed.I put it together in around eight hrs. by myself.The hardware was marked well and that aided in the assembly.The desk was shipped in a very reasonable time,and it's beautiful.We are very pleased with this purchase.
I bought this desk after reading the rave reviews, and agree that the desk is very nice and well built.  The manufacturer (RTI) even has installation videos online, and desk fits together quite nicely (unlike many other self-assemble furniture I've come across).  I did have a problem with a defective drawer piece, but the manufacturer replaced the part without issue (they had my receipt in the computer - made things easy!).I wish the desk came in a darker color, but that's no fault of the manufacturer.  Also, the desk is particle board and will probably last for 5 years, but for $170 bucks, I can't complain.  Given the solid feel and functionality (though it takes a few hours to assemble, be forewarned), I give this desk a thumbs up.
I purchased this as a Christmas present for my grandson.  It was delivered well within the estimated time.  It is very heavy but we carried the pieces to his room and assembled it in accordance with the directions in an afternoon,  We would suggest two people to assemble and a power screw driver.  it was quite an ordeal to tighten all those screws by hand,  The desk will stand even if the house blows down.One of the drawer fronts was scratched in transit.  I emailed the company and received a replacement within 5 days.  All in all, a great experience
This is a durable and strong desk. Very spacious, I have a laptop and two monitors and still have room for books and d&eacute;cor on it.Drawers are a little bit small , just the first tow, the bottom drawer is perfect.I would definitely recommend this product.
It arrived on time, it is exactly the same as what you in the picture even the color is exactly the same. I am very happy with it, the only thing is putting it together, it took one afternoon to install it.
In addition to the price, I bought this table based on how it looked in the picture and based on the numerous positive reviews. I concur with the majority of reviewers here. This table is a pain to assemble. It will take time and effort but I should stress that it is not complicated. The instructions are clear enough and there are also additional video instructions if you need them.Once you have finally assembled the table, it looks awesome! It looks sturdy and the color matches perfectly with the rest of my furniture. I just finished assembling the table two days ago so I cannot speak for its durability. But I am very happy with the way it blends into my living room.
I put this together in an afternoon.  The directions were straightforward.  Takes a little time but not hard at all.  Love the finished product.  No issues with finish.  Drawers are smooth.  Fits perfectly in the space that i have.  LOVE it!  Highly recommend
I got this for my Birthday and just put it together last night. It was a small pain to put together, but that was to be expected. Look at it, this desk is going to come to you in 2 flat boxes and every bit of it needs to be assembled. The parts went together a lot easier than I expected. It took about 4 hours to build it and I had help but no power tools. The tiny screwdriver that came with it broke after the drawer construction step but I had another one. So don't buy it for the tiny screwdriver!The desk is kind of short, but I bought a Monitor riser for this which only added storage capabilities since I can put more desk junk under it. (I have a lot of desk junk) I also got a couple Rolodex desk junk holders and a drawer organizer, and now I am the (somewhat organized) Desk Junk Queen!!!I had to leave the door off of the CPU cabinet because my computer is too long for it. My computer is the kind that is meant to be seen and it looks pretty sweet in my door-less CPU cabinet. It adds character...This is a sturdy desk, and the design is very nice. It's worth the price and the work to put it together.
Like others have previously mention, it is a pain to install mainly because you have to install every single little piece of desk. It is not so much difficult as it is time consuming. I have had the desk for about a week and I really like it. It has plenty of storage space. Great for hanging folders (main reason I bought this product). Just wish they had a separate area for the printer.Overall, it is a good desk.
Putting it together wasn't as tedious or time consuming to put together for me as it was for some of my fellow reviewers.  I did it in under 2 hours.  But i can see where it would be tedious for those of us less handy.  One of the twist drum fittings broke putting the thing together.  They are made from weak metal so you do have to be careful.  Also the screw driver that it comes with is not the best.  I have big hands so it was difficult to turn some of the fittings as my hands kept making contact with the corners.  Get a longer screw driver for those areas and you shouldn't have a problem with that.  That is if you are a man or woman with....man hands lol(Seinfeld episode "man hands").I've bought several computer desks over the years and this one is the best one even with some of it's flaws.  Don't move it around too much after you put it together.  It does feel solid for the most part after it's screwed together but if you have to move it you will feel some shifting in the structure.  I think it's a pretty good product over all but it should be $50 or more cheaper because of the cheap metal fasteners used.  Especially since they only supply you with only 1 spare of each metal item.  Should more than one break, which can easily happen to the average guy/gal fitting it up, you are toast.
I bought this product, after seeing the ravishing reviews here. I admit, putting the table together was frustrating. When I say, frustrating it means frustration MAX! Also, the small screw driver they provide with this table to set it up, is almost useless. Get a power screw driver of sorts, before you even begin putting this mammoth table together. The manual that comes together with the table is top notch. So, if you have the patience to carefully follow the manual and use the power driver, you should be done ideally in 5 hours. Max, 8 hours as already mentioned here.Now, that we have discussed the cons of this table, which is only putting the table together. Lets take a look at the pro's. Very sturdy. I have two 24 inch screens sitting on top + books and laptop and I have no problem. The slide for the keyboard works great. The drawers fit in well and the bookshelf/CPU box is big enough. The only other thing, I might complain is about the leg space. As I am someone who is huge, 6 foot 4 inches. The width of the leg space area is not enough for me. But that doesn't deter me from giving this deserving table its 5 stars.If you are looking for a nice and sturdy table with good design and moderate price, Look no further.
And classy. I like it... it's not bulky and holds everything I need at my desk. It's perfect when my nephews and nieces are over doing their homework, etc.
Like other reviewers, I also received mine a few days ahead of the projected date.  Very simple to put together, I think it took maybe 2 1/2 hours (I was worried when I read a review on here that said something about 7 HOURS to put it together), with stops and starts here and there.  Very sturdy piece, looks great.  Lots of storage in the cabinet for my hard drive, modem, external drive, router.  Very please and would recommend.  Definately use a power screwdriver.  Would buy again and recommend.
Great desk for the price but I wish it was a little more wider but nothing against the build or quality of the desk. You can't assemble this by yourself and it took 2 of us 2 evenings to complete the job. You may spend more time and will get frustrated if you are not using a power tool to drive the nails. There are lot of parts to assemble. And again none of these are negative points.
This thing was hard to put together and it didn't come with the file tubes.  We had to wait to have them delivered.BUT!  The files tubes came, we finished assembly (two people, four hours, both of us mechanically sound) and despite backaches, this desk looks much better in person than in the picture.  It looks expensive and classy.  Yes its short, but we use a kneeling chair for posture so it doesn't bother us.  Also the color is more reddish than it looks in the picture, which is perfect for our decor.  (A dark red, rich brown wood)So if you have an electric drill and some patience, this is a great desk at a very nice price.
This is an awesome desk for under $200. The assembly took about 2 to 3 hours (I didn't time it). It was very easy to assemble, the instructions are written very clearly and the parts make sense.The desk looks sharp and is definitely worth the price and time it takes to assemble. It is not laminate, it is coated with a PVC finish.My only concern with this desk is the durability of the PVC finish which only time can tell.
I love my desk.  It looks great, has tons of storage, fits my office perfectly, etc.The downside was putting it together.  I got stumped before the first step when the instructions tell you how to use the hardware.  Thankfully there are online videos by the manufacturer that saved my life.  Even if you are extremely familiar with desk hardware, this desk is a tricky SOB.  I can't remember the exact count, but there are over 100 pieces and over 150 screws/bolts/nails.  Give yourself a lot of space to work with to put it together.  Get someone to help you if you can- it's very hard to jimmy together the box-like sides of the base- they're heavy and you have to line them up very carefully.
I purchased this desk for my home office. It works great - nice finish and it is just the right size in that it is not too big nor too small. I would recommend this purchase.
&#1050; &#1089;&#1086;&#1078;&#1072;&#1083;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1102; &#1087;&#1086;&#1095;&#1090;&#1086;&#1074;&#1072;&#1103; &#1089;&#1083;&#1091;&#1078;&#1073;&#1072; &#1085;&#1072;&#1096;&#1077;&#1081; &#1089;&#1090;&#1088;&#1072;&#1085;&#1099; &#1085;&#1077; &#1087;&#1088;&#1086;&#1087;&#1091;&#1089;&#1090;&#1080;&#1083;&#1072; &#1101;&#1090;&#1086;&#1090; &#1090;&#1086;&#1074;&#1072;&#1088; &#1087;&#1086; &#1075;&#1072;&#1073;&#1072;&#1088;&#1080;&#1090;&#1072;&#1084; &#1080; &#1077;&#1075;&#1086; &#1087;&#1088;&#1080;&#1096;&#1083;&#1086;&#1089;&#1100; &#1074;&#1077;&#1088;&#1085;&#1091;&#1090;&#1100; ,&#1085;&#1086; &#1089; &#1074;&#1086;&#1079;&#1074;&#1088;&#1072;&#1090;&#1086;&#1084; &#1087;&#1088;&#1086;&#1073;&#1083;&#1077;&#1084; &#1085;&#1077; &#1074;&#1086;&#1079;&#1085;&#1080;&#1082;&#1083;&#1086; &#1080; &#1086;&#1073;&#1089;&#1083;&#1091;&#1078;&#1080;&#1074;&#1072;&#1085;&#1080;&#1077; &#1073;&#1099;&#1083;&#1086; &#1086;&#1095;&#1077;&#1085;&#1100; &#1074;&#1077;&#1078;&#1083;&#1080;&#1074;&#1099;&#1084; &#1080; &#1076;&#1077;&#1085;&#1100;&#1075;&#1080; &#1074;&#1077;&#1088;&#1085;&#1091;&#1083;&#1080; &#1089;&#1088;&#1072;&#1079;&#1091; &#1078;&#1077;.
This gave me so much more room in my at home office area. Need one at work. Relative so impressed they want one.
I had been looking to replace my old and busted computer desk, and had had no luck until I stumbled across this one. It does take a while to put together, but it's just like Ikea furniture. Follow the directions and you should have no problems. It took a couple of hours to piece it all together, but it's worth it.I love the color, the drawers are perfect for all of my storage needs. If I could change one thing about the desk it would be to make it longer. My monitor and printer both fit, but it's a somewhat tight fit.If you're looking for a low-priced computer desk that will look nice in your home, I do recommend this one. I'm very satisfied.
Reading some reviews a few people stated it was very hard to put together and that parts didn't fit right. Well I have to say I can't agree with them. I put it together myself (which took several hours) . I read the directions several times and took my time double checking each step and had no problem at all. I am soooooo!!!! happy with this desk. It is a very nice color(a deep brown) which is just what I wanted. Also one person said it was too narrow to put your legs under which I disagree with as well. I am a heavy set 70 year old woman and am fairly tall and I have plenty of room. Once again I am very, very happy with this purchase and highly recommend it because there is so much room in it.
As most reviewers have stated, there are a lot of pieces to assemble and it takes hours. But if you are patient and read the instructions carefully then it is no problem at all. It is heavy so build it in the area where it will reside. The design is simply amazing. It takes up a small area but has a large, clutter free desktop. The three drawers hold plenty and the extra spaces between the top of the desk and the drawers hold lots of miscellaneous items. While I normally only buy solid wood products, the design of this product is fantastic and exceeded my expectations.
Heavy material, so bring a friend or work the wife!! strong material which I'm using right now and have been for months this is a great product and I recommend this for everyone. Overall I give this product Two thumbs up!! p.s Seems to be scratch ressitant cause my son is playing on it as I'm typing with his cars , lol gotta go play now hope this helps.
Was surprised at how quickly the desk arrived.  It was a lot of pieces, but easy to put together.  Nice looking and functional, which is what i was looking for.  Very pleased.
This desk definitely took some time to put together, but not more than any other similar item. Follow the instructions carefully and lay everything out before hand and you should be OK.The drawers are smooth and the little shelf under the main top piece is great for storing papers or small items. Someone had mentioned that the &#34;hole&#34; for your legs is too small. I have not found this to be true. I'm a fairy average-sized guy at 200lbs and 5'-7&#34; and it's just fine.Of the 3 or 4 desks I've owned, similar to this one, this is by far the best.
I use them for linens, so I did not use the provided l-brackets for wall-mounting. I bought two. Sleek design.
This is a very nice looking cabinet. It looks great in my bathroom. It is obviously not solid wood, but for the price, it's great.
Customer support & follow up is good; Product finish & quality was as described on the site. We would Highly suggest doing business with this vendor
We've had this sturdy and adorable bed for 3 years and we STILL love it!  Hard to find in person and even more rare as a resale!  I would recommend this bed!
Didn't get this with the sofa when I had the chance, but matches perfectly and looks great in the room.
Sturdy, well constructed, and easy to put together. A few pieces came damaged, but the customer service folks at Sauder replaced them with no questions and no hassles.
This item was everything I expected it to be, very attractive and good storage eliminates the need for a nightstand.  Item was just as described by the seller, solid wood construction.  I also bought the queen chest bed which is also just as described/expected.  There were some shipping issues (the first headboard and bed arrived with significant damage and had to be refused/returned) I believe this was the fault of the shipper UPS Freight, not the seller... I had previously purchased the 5 drawer chest, 9 drawer chest and the mirror all which arrived in perfect condition...but was not shipped UPS Freight. The replacement items arrived within two weeks with no damage. Overall I am very pleased with all items and the customer service provided by the seller was great!  There is no assembly required for this item, there is an opening to get wires for an alarm clock, ect. inside the bookcase.
The BEST quality-------goes together flawlessly----obviously had been put together once priop to shipping. Better quality than would ever get from the states,
I've searched around for a counter height dining room set and found the perfect one for the perfect price thru AMAZON. It matches my CREMA BORDEAUX  GRANITE COUNTER TOP SO WELL.
Easy to assemble very good quality, no wobble construction. The color of the wood is a little darker natural but goes well with other natural wood
Ordered this bench to go with the table. Love them both. Easy to assemble and quite sturdy. Great value for the price.
This Item matches our current kitchen furniture, and the kids LOVE it. They have their favorite places at the table now. Also is very sturdy.!
I love this chair.  Got it for my daughter and she has not stopped using it since Christmas.  Worth every penny
I have had one chair for my 3 yr old  granddaughter for a year. It's been so wonderful I got a second one for our 1.5 yr old too.  They fight over the one we have. It has held up beautifully and works great at the table. Highly recommend this chair. It is sturdy and stable even as they climb up and down.
My son's family has one of these that they picked up at a Mom-to-Mom sale and it is the sturdiest, most sensible chair for a young child.  I ordered a natural colored one from the company for only $99.00 with free shipping and did have an issue when we assembled it.  As my husband tightened the screws (maybe too much) one side cracked, so I called the company on a Sunday and they very cheerfully rushed a replacement to us. They have been wonderful to work with and, though I'm not sure the chair is the same quality that my son's much older one is, it is a very logical design for the young child who always wants to do everything for himself.  It is very stable which allows the child to safely and easily get up into the seat and there is little danger of falling  when sitting to eat or work at the table.  It provides several adjustments for seat and feet which will allow it to grow with the child. It fits neatly at the dining table and can be pushed in when not in use. It is also a breeze to clean.I am very pleased with it and do highly recommend it to others who don't like messing with the booster seats, which are not very stable with a busy child, and it eliminates the need to always lift the child into a chair.  I'd be real happy if I could have about two more of these.
I bought one of these secondhand at a consignment shop and it has been such a lifesaver.  I can finally get my sons to sit in their seat and not my lap.  They are able to get up to the table and eat comfortably without the seat sliding around like some of the boosters we have tried.  I am now buying two more so everyone has one. It is a must have for the step between highchair and regular chair.
These chairs are well worth the price!  They are comfortable and sturdy!  The color is nice and dark enough to conceal some
Product was delivered promptly and was packaged properly.  After unwrapping this ottoman, I was immediately impressed by the looks, feel and even smell of the leather.  Was shopping for this type of ottoman and found one at a major furniture store for $800.00.  If I put this one next to that one, I would be hard pressed to tell the difference.  Great product, very comfortable, would recommend this to anyone.
This item was fantastic! The perfect size,and the leather is soft and rich.Easy to put the feet on.I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a decent size leather ottoman...you can't go wrong!
I really love this thing. i have been searching for an ottoman that was high enough to really enjoy my big leather non reclining chair. This one is great. The color is brown, not the rich raisin I've been searching for but I'm glad I didn't wait. It is so soft and comfortable, it makes my eyes roll back in my head when I put my feet up. Now if I can just keep the kid from jumping on it. Hope it's as sturdy as it seems.
I am considering buying another for our big family room!! Very nice!!!! Very pleased with my purchase , great quality!!
We needed a queen headboard, and wanted a bookcase style. We couldn't afford other frames that were being offered for prices ranging from $250 on up. It was easy to put together, is sturdy and doesn't appear &#34;cheap-looking.&#34; Now that we know what to expect, we plan on ordering another one for our master bedroom. Hopefully, the price will stay put for another month!
I bought this headboard when my son went away to college this year.  He had to get an apartment, so we had to come up with some furniture for him.  He put the headboard together without incident and attached it to his twin XL bed frame.  His room is small, so the headboard serves as a headboard and night side all in one.  It is also quite sturdy.
Shipped immediately, easy assembly, and quality along with good looks make this product better than expected. would purchase from Sauder always, Thank You Sauder
Nice quality. I like all the compartments and the push out/pre-cut holes for cords to pass thru and plug into walls.  Looks very nice!
THE PRE-PERFORATED HOLES FOR ELECTRIC CORDS IN THE BACKBOARD MADE IT EASY TO SET UP ELECTRICAL DEVICES FOR EASY ACCESS.  ATTACHES SECURELY TO BEDFRAME.
I wanted a nice, simple, and cheap headboard. This is exactly that. I am quite satisfied with the product. The only thing wrong is something I messed up (make sure when you put it together that you get each piece the right way). It did take while to put together, but it was definitely not difficult.If you can't afford real oak (like me), this is definitely for you.
It went together easily and looks great! It was delivered on time with no missing or broken pieces. I recommend this product.
I bought this for my daughter's bed. It was easy to put together, though I did make the mistake someone else did of putting one of the shelf boards on backwards, so I only have a shelf on one side (didn't want to take it all apart). It is very heavy (put it together downstairs and had to carry it upstairs) so I would recommend putting it together in the room where you'll use it.
I ordered two of these for our twin grand-daughters last fall.  Had them shipped directly to their location.  They arrived quickly and were exactly as stated.  Sauder has a good product.  The color and quality were good for the price.  They were put together without any problems and are quite sturdy.
For anyone needing to know about the fit...You have about 28" from floor to the top of your mattress.  If your bed sits higher than that, your mattress will end up blocking the first shelf of the bookcase.  BUT the headboard is adjustable, so you can raise the headboard and your shelves won't be blocked.  BUT if you need to make this adjustment, keep in mind, the legs of the bookcase will NOT be touching the floor...it will just be attached to the frame of your bed by bolts.  I might have to do this for my bed (i'll know in about a half hour lol) and I don't think I will like it.  I'll let you know with an updated post, or you can shoot me any questions and I will answer the best I can.
I am always happy with Sauder furniture. They are always well made and very easy to put together. I am a girl and the directions were easy to understand and set up was a breeze.
The price was outstanding and I am very happy with the headboard.  There are shelves in it that limit the size of books if that is what you want to put in it.  They can be removed easily if you prefer. Or the space could be used for items that are more decorative or flat. The picture of the headboard is accurate.  It isn't tall, so if you are looking for something that extends more above the bed, keep looking.The finish is nice.  I have bought 3 different furniture kits made by Sauder and have loved every one.I didn't put this together due to physical problems.  However, I hired a handyman to assemble the headboard and the Summer Home Storage Pantry Cabinet on the same day. He did both of them in about 2 hours, and the headboard went together easily without any problems.The price was excellent.  It arrived within a week (days, actually) and is being used for a Queen-sized bed.  The Seller did a great job, the product is excellent, and I am sure I will enjoy it for years to come.
I just finished assembling one of these. Yes, it would be easier with two people, but I did it myself without mishap. It's lovely. It's easy to assemble. The directions are clear and easy to follow. I have always been impressed with Sauder products, and this did not disappoint.
I found the directions very clear but also checked out the on line tutorial. At 78 years of age, I was able to put this together without calling for assistance.It is heavy. I constructed it in the living room and slid it into the bedroom on sliders.  Love it. Just what I needed for my reading lamp, books and clock radiio!
Looks nice!  Was just as advertised.  The instructions were so good my grandson and I put it together one afternoon.
Unit is well made and very easy to assemble. I would recommend their products to anyone as they really look great.
An excellent piece of useful furniture. Easy to put together and very sturdy. Have recommended it to other family members.
I bought this for my kids and they love the storage for their books and a plus, it is very easy to put together!!
The head board came ready to put together and I had some trouble doing it alone,but the call to manufacturer was very helpful.  Thanks, Jane
Our son is very pleased with this headboard.  It is sturdy and looks more expensive than it was.  Relatively easy to assemble and does the job quite well.
This took a little time to put together but looks good and is sturdy.  My son has no complaints about it
Looks very nice. Nice, solid and sturdy. Wood color is really pretty, not too dark and not too light. A little bit if work to put together, but not too bad.
This is the second Orchard Hills Queen Bookcase we have purchased.  We liked the first one so much that we purchased a second one for our other bedroom.  We found the instructions to be very easy to follow and had no trouble putting the headboard together.
I really like having a bookcase headboard.  I really don't like nightstands so this is the perfect product for me.
I am an inveterate fan of storage/bookcase type headboards, having used them (many of them) for virtually all of my adult life.  I was a bit hesitant to purchase this one fearing that, for the price, it would be cheaply made and of poor quality overall.  Not so, at all.  It looks beautiful when assembled and fits the bill very nicely.  it definitely served to &#34;unclutter&#34; my night stand - it looks great.  I rent an apartment away from my home because my work takes me to another part of the country for substantial periods of time.  For this apartment, I was looking for solid, functional furniture which looks good and holds up well.  I did not want to spend a whole lot of money furnishing the place.  Accordingly,  I purchased used good-quality used furniture from Cort Furniture, Inc (from their warehouse showroom in Chandler, AZ) but, unfortunately, they do not offer bookcase headboards.......and I simply can't live without this item.  Accordingly, I purchased this item from Amazon and my husband put it together for me - it takes quite a while to assemble  and it is not a project for the for mechanically challenged (like me).  I seem to recall that it took him the better part of the afternoon to put it together.  He is very mechanically adept hence had no issues with the set up - it is just a matter of time to put it all together.  When it was done, I was thrilled.  It looks great!  The color blended perfectly with my oak furniture from Cort.  You would think it was part of the same set.  I highly recommend this product.  Although inexpensive, it is solid and it does not look cheap or shabby as a finished product.  One thing I would advise is that this headboard is not well suited for reading in bed - most bookcase headboards are not unless they have sliding doors.  Accordingly, if you MUST have one - as is the case with me - and you also like to read in bed, as is also the case with me - then I would recommend that you also order a bolster or backrest at the same time you  place your order for the headboard.  These are widely available anywhere including on Amazon.  You will need a nice solid one, preferably the type with thick diameter and arm rests.  I have two of them - good quality - boxed up in my attic at home........collecting dust.  It kills me to have to purchase yet another backrest (when I have two good ones in the attic) for my away-from-home apartment, BUT these are simply  too heavy and large to ship.  It is cheaper to buy one new than to ship such a large and relatively heavy item across country.  The USPS charges dearly for large and bulky items.  It costs $38 to ship one and about $27 to buy one new.  Still, the notion of shipping one of them  is tempting, just to rid the attic of clutter!
It's so hard to find a bookcase headborad and I just love this one. It has lots of space to put my clock radio, reading material, Kleenex box and anything else you might need close at hand at night. It is nice to have some extra space without having to clutter up your nightstand. The structor is pressboard but built nice and look like good finished wood. It was fairly easy to assemble and the instructions are easy to follow and step by step with pictures that make it easy to know what to do next with each piece. We are happy with this product and plan to purchase more item to match. I have been purchasing Sauder furniture for many years and have alway been happy with the furniture.
Took some time to assemble. Good product. Found all the pieces. Need more detailed instructions. Will buy again from Sauder.
We just put this headboard together and are very pleased.  It was easy to assemble and looks like a more expensive piece of furniture.  The shipping was super fast.Warning:  When you assemble it, be SURE that the holes for the shelves are facing the right way.  We missed that so now don't have any shelves.  Of course, if we put a shelve in it would be a very small storage space, so it's ok.Update:  We've used this bed for almost a year and are still very please.  Our 13 year old son loves to have his books and stuff handy.  A nice lamp sits on top.  It's ideal, really.
This is going to be the only review you've ever read from a customer who is totally smitten by a company she DIDN'T do business with. I ordered a bookcase headboard from Orchard Hills several weeks ago. The picture looked like just what my aunt needed who was moving into assisted living.Casey in Customer Service kept me well informed that delivery was running a week or so late. Okay. These things happen. He then emailed me the exact day that it would be shipping. It turns out that my aunt passed away that same day. I sent him a quick email asking him if he could halt the shipping, then stopped thinking about the whole order.What do you know? A notice of credit for the purchase quickly appeared in my inbox from Amazon without my having to chase down the company. Now THAT is customer service! The type of ethics and follow through that Casey and Orchard Hills demonstrate mean that I'll do business with them in the future.
It was harder to put together than we expected. Had a hard time lining up some screws and we gave us 2 nights to finish putting it together. All time spent was a couple of hours. Perhaps its because we are elderly and things take longer for us. PACKAGE IS HEAVY!! Open it up and bring pieces inside.All in all, we are pleased once it is put together. It is sturdy for our purpose in the spare bedroom for an occasional grand child sleeping over.
Had a great time putting together this bedroom set during the Holiday season. The instructions and quality of the furniture are really great. Merry Christmas to all the Sauder woodworking departments.
I purchased this for my Girlfriend's Queen Size Bed, and It did'nt take me long to put it together and It looks great!, She also Loved It!
It arrived in good order and was easy to put together.  It's very study and attractive.  Fit easily onto the bed frame.
Chose this headboard for the bookcase effect and I love it. Looks great!! Fits my bed perfectly. Great buy and I would buy more furniture from this manufacturer
Our bedroom has floor heat/air vents placed in just the wrong locations to accommodate a queen bed & nightstands, and the window precluded the only other option.I found this gem, priced right with Amazon Prime free shipping; which solved our limited bedroom space beautifully! Now we have a place for lamps, books, alarm clock, tissues, whatever we might need!
Looks good and sets up pretty easily; what more could we want - maybe self-assembly?  I let my all-thumbs kid and his sister set it up, so any body can do it.
I'm not exactly mechanically inclined, but this headboard was easy to assemble and is quite sturdy and attractive. It looks great, is made of durable materials, and promises to last a long time. The shelves make a nice storage area for bedtime reading. I'm also pleased with how solidly the headboard attaches to the bed frame. Great purchase!
I'm buying to replace an identical Sauder headboard bought over 10 years ago. The old one suffered water damage (which makes particle board puff out like marshmallows) when we had a roof leak that drenched the carpeting, leaving the headboard standing in soggy puddles for over a week.We're using these in 2 bedrooms and love Sauder furniture. It's very solid, looks convincingly good, even though it's a "fake woodgrain" on a particle board core. Sauder has done a marvelous job producing faux oak woodgrain that is remarkably genuine in appearance.My only "gripe" is that the "Carolina Oak" finish has had its color changed sometime in the past 2-4 years, which meant that one of our bedrooms had mismatched colors, because the new piece is darker than the "original". However, I discovered that I like the new darker finish better; it looks richer and, although it's not noticeable until you have the old and the new side-by-side, the newer woodgrain finish looks more genuine.Sauder's customer service is unmatched: if you receive any damaged part(s), simply call their 800-number (plainly marked on the assembly directions/parts list) and they'll ship you replacements for free without any need to return the defective/broken part(s). Anything from missing bolts to broken mirror glass to peeling faux-woodgrain has been replaced at no cost, and without hassle.NOTE: Don't discard the cardboard box everything came in until you've finished assembling, because they sometimes need the serial number from the box (or sometimes from the assembly manual) to ensure you'll get the correct part (they have occasional engineering revisions, and some parts may differ between revs, and the serial number tells them when the packaged piece came off the assembly line).We've bought about 20 of the various Sauder furniture pieces over the past 15-20 years and have been very pleased with every one of them. Directions are clear, the parts list has excellent diagrams so you don't mix up one size of screw, washer, or nut with another, and the few times that there's been a discrepancy in the number of parts they shipped it was because they accidentally put in several extras!As several others have commented, just treat the furniture with a slightly hydrophobic perspective -- particle board doesn't like water. Treat your Sauder well and it'll last a very long time.
I loved it!  perfect !  just what I was looking for.. fit just right in my room, and was easy to put together..
We recently moved into our new home, and the black stand our TV was on looked out of place.  Ordered this stand which arrived quickly, and my husband had it together in about 3 hours and he didn't even say nasty things putting it together;)  He did say it did help him by buying a Toolmaker in the past - he understood more of what was expected although he said it wasn't difficult to put together. The stand made a big difference in the appearance of the room, it is so much nicer. We're very happy with the unit.  Amazon has come through for us again!
I have several other pieces of office furniture from Sauder and you always get a quality looking piece for the price. The directions to assemble this are easy to follow, better than most.
Very satisfied with this purchase.  Assembly was simple.  The color was darker than the stock picture, but I think it looks even better than the photo.
The picture does not give this TV Stand justice.  It is very sturdy and a very nice looking piece of furniture.  It took about two and a half hours to put together but well worth it.  I looked at similar ones at local furniture stores and unless I wanted to spend upwards of 7 plus dollars I am very well pleased with the Sauder.Dan
ordering this was easy.....delivery on time and in perfect condition....it took some time for my husband to put together but  it is well made and looks great....its a lovely oak color that matches our Howard Miller grandfather clock perfectly.....I have nothing but praise for this product and company.....thanks Amazon......
Love my TV stand.  It holds my 51" Flatscreen with no problem and has lots of storage.  It is very sturdy and a nice looking piece of furniture in my living room.
We needed to downsize from our big entertainment center but still needed some storage space. This was the perfect fit in both size and storage. Very sturdy. Assembly is time consuming, but all the parts were there and went smoothly following the assembly instructions.
The unit was packed very well and was exactly as described.  Great unit for the price and perfect for us.
Very well made and very sturdy. Easy to read directions and was a breeze to assemble. Was delivered well before promised date Would purchase another piece of furniture from this manufacturer.
Perfect fir for my new 60&#34; LG TV. My daughter put it together in no time. She had bought a similar credenza from you a few years ago.
We couldn't be happier with this TV stand.. It is a little darker than our Amish oak cupboard which sits nearby, but is about as close as we have seen.. It was delivered very quickly and was typical for a Sauder put-together piece of furniture..It is very nicely made and quite heavy.. It is very attractive, as we did not want a typical black TV stand..it has lots of storage on each side and two very nice sized drawers on the bottom..we have room to spare for storage.. It holds our 55 inch TV perfectly with room on each side..It is definitely a very nice piece of furniture and I would recommend it to anyone who isn't quite sure..I did feel sorry for the delivery man..he could hardly lift it..all in all, it was another great Amazon purchase...
Arrived 2 days earlier than expected.  Easy to assemble and  met my expectations for storage, color and general appearance.  No problems.
Almost didn't order due to the lower star reviews. If I could reach through this modem I'd smack those people in the head. Color is SLIGHTLY darker than picture, but no where near the color of walnut. I make jewelry boxes for a hobby, so I am well acquainted with walnut. Shipment arrived 4 days earlier than expected. It came in a box within another box. The outer box was slightly damaged, but packing protected the inner box. Not one piece came scratched or damaged. It is very heavy, but....duh....it's a piece of furniture. I was able to slide it on the carpet with no help. Has quite a few pieces, but the instructions are easy to follow as long as you have an IQ above plant life. My only gripe was that all the hardware came in one large plastic bag. Word of advise - get about a dozen small cups and separate all the hardware in similar groups. Trust me, you'll thank me later. Makes construction much easier having all the hardware in proper groups. I am a retired electrical contractor, so I have every tool you can think of. I put the entire thing together with a small hammer and a single hand screwdriver with a #2 tip. DON'T use power tools. The material is MDF board with oak veneer look. Power tools might strip out the screws. Anyone thinking this would be made out of solid oak hasn't seen the price of oak lately. Go to Home Depot and price a board. This thing would cost $600+ at best if it was solid oak. The material is very sound and extremely sturdy. Took me about 2 hours to put together, but I took my time and enjoyed the process (imbibing as I went). My lovely wife is ecstatic over the final product, and she can be a bit picky when it comes to furniture. All in all, the entire experience from order to finish has been great. If you are on the fence, my advise is to go ahead and order it. You will be quite pleased!
This credenza is constructed well and has plenty of storage for my dvds and my components. Good center support guarnatees the top shelf will not bow from heavy weight. Can hold up to 240 pounds which is another plus. Not that difficult to assemble but give yourself a couple hours. Would recommend to anyone.
This is a very nice, sturdy TV stand. I have put many of Sauder's pieces of furniture together over the past 15 years and this one is, by far, the easiet and most well constructed one of all. I like the way the pieces fit into each other, which makes it much more sturdier. Another feature I liked was the little "clamps" that go on the bottom of the drawers, to keep the drawer bottom from falling out over time and use. My son and I put the stand together with very little effort. This TV stand has the look of a high end piece of furniture and the price was very reasonable. As you can tell, I am very pleased with this TV stand. One note: a biginner may find the instructions a little confusing, but with patience, should be able to complete the project.
This TV stand is a great buy.  It is a high quality, rich looking oak credenza stand.  There is some time involved with putting it together, but all parts were in the box and the finished product is well worth the time building it.  The color is beautiful - medium to a darker shade of  oak - that is well blended.  We have a 60 inch TV on it which fits perfectly and overall very satisfied with this product. I would highly recommend it - and priced very reasonably.
unit was easy to put together, wood grain is good, walnut color was right-on, was delivered as stated, on or before date stated, We are very satisfied with unit. Took  so long to reply as day after receiving unit left on vacation,, so just opened and set it up yesterday, 3/24/14 !!!!
RECEIVED ORCHARD HILLS WIDESCREEN TV CREDENZA IN CAROLINA OAK IN PERFECT CONDITION.ARRIVE ON TIME AS USUAL.  EASY TO ASSEMBLE, AND I ALWAY GLUE MY PARTS AS WELL ASFOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTION.  NO COMPLAINTS BUT TO ANYONE NOT HAVING BOUGHT THE ORCHARDHILL COLLECTION BEFORE THE COLOR AS SEEN ON SCREEN IS NOT COLOR OF ITEM. THE COLORIS A DARKER COLOR MORE LIKE SOFT PINE WHICH IS VERY PLEASING TO THE EYE. I HAVE 5PEICES FROM THIS COLLECTION AND IT IS VERY NICE FURNITURE.
This credenza is beautiful!  It arrived timely and the price was doable!  You do have to assemble it and that took my husband some time and frustration.  Hey, what are husbands for?  :-)
big solid and sturdywas sensible to put together, im not craftsman and it only took about 3 hours or soit is a big tableit works well and feels very strong
Great furniture!  Exactly what I wanted.  Packaging was great.  Never had a problem with Sauder products.  I would defiently buy Sauder products again.
This unit was easy to assemble, about 1 1/2 hours.  Looks great and meets our needs.  One door panel had slight damage from packaging and Sauder sent out a replacement within 2 days.  I did not even have to call them and wait online for a rep.  I went to the Sauder web page, filled out a claim with the part number and had a new piece within days.  We will definately by from again.
The UPS guy said this was the heaviest item he has ever shipped.  It comes in one box, box the UPS guy had to bring it in piece by piece.  Now, it takes a very long half of a day (four hours) if you are not great with putting things together.  My mother-in-law's boyfriend is really good with this kind of thing and because of this got it together in under 2 hours.  I was very surprised with the end product.  It looks like real wood even up close.  I had to rub my hands on it to convince myself that it is indeed pressed wood with a laminate coating.  The best thing for us Americans is Sauder products are made in the USA so the money you are spending is pretty much staying in the USA.  And the prices are very good IMHO.
We really like the entertainment center.  As other reviewers have said, it is darker than pictured but it matches other furniture in our room perfectly.  Is there any way it could be packed in 2 boxes rather than one very large and heavy box?  It was a little cumbersome for us and the delivery person.  It was certainly packed well, however.
Very happy with my purchase even I have to call and replace 2 parts due to dents during shiping(the process was quick and easy though).You get what you see.Firm, beautiful and with lot of option to put/hide your cables/remotes.
Fairly easy to put together.  Nice workmanship.  Looks real nice and looks good with some old antique oak furniture too.
Was exactly what I was looking for and everything was  excellent. Shipping was very fast. A+ A+A+A+A+A+A+A+.Fit right in with my other Sauder furniture.
I love Sauder products.  This TV stand is perfect and it is made in the US of A.  I will always look for Sauder products before I buy anything else.
It took about 3 hours, with 2 people, to put it together.  But the end result was a very nice and well built TV Cabinet.
Other than being somewhat darker than I expected, which to my surprise fit my other furniture better,  I love it. All the holes were drilled where they needed to be, the instructions were easy to follow. Nothing was &#34;dinged&#34; or harmed.  It makes a beautiful statement in my living room.  It does not look like &#34;put together&#34; furniture.
Heavy!  Well thought out engineering. Takes a bit of time to put together, but well worth it. Don't hesitate, buy it.
It was received timely and in good condition. Easy to put together. I like the detailed instructions, especially for the hardware. Looks great and has enough storage for DVDs and VHS tapes.
I just love my Sauder Orchard Hills Entertainment center, took me a little bit to get it done but the result is just lovely.Now I can keep the 3d glasses, blue ray and dvd out of reach from my little ones.
I ordered this unit because it was the size I needed for my large screen TV and it came with a very attractive price. Other units I looked at were at least twice the price. I am very happy with my purchase. It is very well constructed, solid, and attractive. The assembly directions were very clear and easy to follow.
We were able to assemble it relatively easily.  It is heavy and had a lot of pieces but we were able follow the directions and there were no missing parts.  What&#8217;s more is that we did not need to &#8220;jimmy&#8221; any of the parts to make them fit into the holes, everything fit perfectly.  It is made from veneered pressed wood but that is what we expected.  The drawers and doors fit perfectly!  We would definitely consider this company to purchase additional products from.
This is a well built stand that is quite sturdy and has a very nice finish. We looked at several other stands that were considerably more in cost, but this stand most closely matched our home oak furnishings. Assembly was not difficult and we had it put together in about two hours (with breaks). One key feature is the center vertical support. With large TVs the top surface of the TV stand can sag, so a vertical center support is an important feature. This unit has a 3/4" center board between the shelves, and the unit is supposed to be able to hold up to 240 lb. of weight. Our 60" SONY BRAVIA LCD is almost the exact width of the stand and weighs less than 100 lb. so this unit was the ideal fit for our purposes. Plenty of storage with four shelves for DVD players, games or other hardware, two drawers and side storage cabinets.
This item works perfectly in my home.  Is well built so I know my expensive tv will rest comfortably on it.  Was easy to assemble.  Looks great.  Can't be more pleased.
Love this. Have been looking for a TV stand for a couple of weeks, then it dawned on me to look on here, and I found exactly what I was looking for. Ordered and received within one week (actually have it all together on the date it was supposed to be shipped). Took a bit to put it together, but my husband normally is in charge of that and this was my first time. Very sturdy and well made. Some people have complained that the color was not what was pictured, but I did not have any issue with that. I was missing one piece (bracket). I e-mailed the seller and had a reply the next morning and the piece is being mailed ASAP. Overall, love the TV stand and the customer service !!
Very nice stand, easy to follow instructions, and all the pieces/parts were included. If your considering a nice stand,  &#34; this is it &#34;Tony
This item was packaged great, no damage when shipped.  The instructions are easy to follow, assembly takes time and a little patience, every thing needed was were it should be.  The cabinet is just what we were looking for, it is a very attractive addition to our home.  I highly recommend this item.
I was not to sure about the color when I first ordered it, However, after It was put together It was just what I wanted.  It looks great.  Thank you for having such great furniture.scarlet1148
Because of the other reviews, I was aware of the darker color issue of this credenza. I wanted a lighter color also, but decided to give this a chance. I am so pleased with not only the color, but the entire deal. You won't find a better quality piece of furniture, for the price, anywhere! The package is heavy, but that means &#34;quality&#34; materials to me. It takes a little time to assemble, but again, this furniture is made of such sturdy materials, and the directions are sequential and easy to follow. I love my new piece of furniture.
WOW!  This was very easy to put together.  The instructions are so easy to read and understand.  The finished product is strong and solid.It holds my 60" plasma TV (135 Lbs.) without any worries.  Yes, The stand is a little darker than the picture so consider this when buying.  I knew that it was when I bought it thanks to other reviews.  I liked it and wanted it slightly darker than pictured anyway.Have no fear when buying this ... It is a quality product.
This flat screen TV stand worked really well for us.  It is a little darker than it appears in the photo, but that worked out great as it matched what we had nearly perfectly.  It was very easy to put together as long as you take your time and follow the directions.
This TV stand was shipped and delivered very fast  , putting it together took awhile lots of pieces but very good condition. Love it holds everything i have and still have some room left.
I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a nice piece of furniture that also takes care of holding a wider TV unit.  Sauder products are always a good purchase, and most of their products are easier to assemble than other brands.  This looks very nice in its new home, and what a great place for storage too. -dual purpose!  I wanted something a little lighter in color, but this blends well with the other lighter oak furniture and the combined light/darker oak flooring in the room.
Bought this for my sister-in-law. Was delivered to her house in about 3 days with free shipping and no tax! Price was much better here than other places on the web. Great quality. We took a friend to her house to put it together. He's a fast worker and it was done in 1.5 hours.
I bought this stand because I was looking for oak, really liked the looks had everything I was looking for and the price was super.The instructions need alot of improvement but once you get past that part it is the best fitting piece of furniture I have ever put together very sturdy. recommended with a 5 ratting.
Very impressed with how beautiful it looked.  Perfect in every way.  Would definitely order from the Sauder line again.  Was delivered very quickly also.  Definitely a 5 star rating.
Got this after a lot of research and web hunting. Instructions were easy to follow and no missing parts. Solid and nice looking piece.
very well satisfied with this purchase. It makes our living room more attractive and our new tv really stylish along with the video components.
Easy assembly unless this your first time. Looks good, functional, adjustable and half the price of similar furniture store stuff.
HI, SHOULD MAKE THE BOTTON DRAWER'S MORE BEEFEE, IF KIDS ARE GOING IN & OUT THEY NEED TO BE BEEF-UP-TOM
After reviewing over one hundred different wood TV stands, I was able to make the right choice for my specific needs. I wanted a TV stand with an oak finish to match my solid oak bedroom furniture, and it needed to hold a 59-inch Plasma HDTV. The Sauder Carolina Oak Finish Wood TV Stand was exactly what I wanted: It had the perfect dimensions to fit in the corner of my bedroom and allow optimum viewing height of my new HDTV. In addition, the space allowing up to four electronic devices (DVR, Blue Ray, DVD recorder, etc.) to fit on shelves below the HDTV, and the generous storage space were the reasons for my purchase. This is an attractive, solid, heavy piece of furniture. One should not be overwhelmed about the plethora of wood pieces, fasteners and hardware needed to assemble this stand. If you lay out all the parts, which are clearly marked or identified, and you follow the instructions exactly as written, this stand can be put together in a few hours. I highly recommend the Sauder Carolina Oak Finish Wood TV Stand.
i found this tv stand to be very easy to put together,i did it all myself in acouple of hours, the outside box it came in was alittle rough looking when it arrived but was pavked relly well with nothing broken or missing not a scrach on any where. it is very well put together and really looks nice in the tv room with the 46 inch flatscreen satting on top, there is alot of storage space also, the only thing i really didnt like was it wasnt real wood,but the last tv stand i had was made from the same material and it was 17 years old and still looked like new when we gave it to another family that need one. i would buy this tv stand again and the price was just right on in. and the shade of its color wasnt to dark.
This is a kit, but the design and workmanship are outstanding.  When fully assembled it looks as good as if it were store bought.
This credenza is a substantial piece of furniture.  Visitors to my home consistently admire both its beauty and its utility.  They often express surprise that it began in kit form.  Instructions for construction were clear, but the actual construction was physically challenging because weight increases as components are combined.  Build this piece where you expect to display it, and you will be highly pleased with the result.
I purchased 4 of these rugs as my dogs are getting older and feel more secure walking on the carpet va the new wood floors.  I purchased the chocolate brown and although I do vacuum them every couple of days due to two yellow labs, it is worth it.  The color is very rich and the skid-resistant backing is the best I have ever seen on a carpet.  I have a little Dyson cordless that picks up the hair so no big deal there.  Love these and will be buying a couple more for my foyer.
Bought this for my dining room/kitchen. My dog would come around the corner running and would scratch the hardwood floors and take out furniture. This rug has made it a lot more comfortable for him and has helped in preserving our floors. The dark brown looks great and yes, it does show every bit of dirt but i vacuum for dog hair weekly so this isn't a problem for me. The dirt comes off the rug very easily with a simple vacuum session! Love it.
Perfect runner for me because I use it at my entryway into the living room and my carpet is of cream color so it's a given to stay on the brown runner or else!! Shifts a little but not very much I love them because they make the room pop with my brown furniture.
This was perfect for our 22 ft. hallway. It does show light crumbs and dog hairs, but no big deal - so easy to vaccuum. I love the skid resistant back, which meant that I was able to forgo buying a rug pad for underneath. It doesn't budge at all, even with little boys running up and down it all day! : )
Love the quality and size. The color does she a lot, but it's a very quick and easy vacuum. Great product for the price.
This is a very nice strong carpet that stays where you lay it down.  I am using it in the bathroom and it dries very quickly when you get it damp from the shower.  Excellent quality and fast shipping
Great item!  Not too thick so it fits under the door.  Doesn't show dirt, so the muddy paws prints are gone, and the dogs are not sliding all over the place.  Pitfall, now they think they can run faster while coming and barreling each other over :)
This runner is prefect for common areas of the home....it has not presented a tripping hazard for us....the dogs love walking right down the middle of it from their crates to the back door....with a 96 pound dog and his pack we have not experienced any "runner" walking on a hardwood floor (hand scraped)......the long hair cat loves to wallow on it also....we use a stick vacuum that is not battery powered to clean it and there are no issues....please note we have the same model vacuum in a battery powered version and it does not work....seems there is a little more power from the motors that use AC power....
My dog was slipping a lot on my hardwood floors. I was worried that he would fall and break his hip. This carpet runner fixed the problem! I have a long, narrow living room and it fits perfectly. The dark color does show dirt more easily, but it blends in with the color of my floor so I am happy with it. It's pretty thick and does not slide around at all.
this is a nice rug that doesn't slip around on the hall floor, protects the floors with a bit of thickness and looks great.  it's utilitarian but not too ugly.  although it wouldn't be ideal for a very fancy designer home probably.
Using the carpet between our laundry room and kitchen.  It has kept the pet tracks to a minimum and so easy to vacuum.
Ok, so I paid only $15 for this after finally yielding to the Amazon card that offered $50 credit. But after looking and pricing other rugs I would have paid $65 for it! It looks great and doesnt move at all!
We have two active kitties that turn most of our our area rugs upside down.  We tried keeping our old hallway rug in place with lots of two sided tape but it didn't work.  This rug is just what we needed for our hallway and so far it remains perfectly in place.  It's also a good looking rug.  So far - so good!
Great value and better than expected. I've already bought another one and I'm looking at buying 2 more for different areas. Shipping was fast, packaging was adequate.
Seems like I already wrote this, but here goes: these chocolate brown runner rugs were EXACTLY as described by the seller and by the other lone reviewer.  We need them for dog safety, just as the other reviewer does, and the runners definitely fill the bill!  Now, if these rugs could only sweep themselves. . .ha-ha!!
easy to keep clean, stays in place even with my two big dogs running on it.Love the size just perfect
I have gone back to purchase more runners and small area rugs from this company. They are dog proof, and this rug is of high quality, does not slip, and does not fray. Kept my dog from sliding around after I placed this runner on wood floors in my hallway. I never worry when my dog decides to run back and forth at break-neck speeds! I am a very happy customer. I only wish they made these rugs in different patterns & colors & sizes so I can replace the large Santa Fe-style area rug in my living room. I have recommended this rug to other pet lovers. Great investment for hard wood floors, safe for all pets.
I purchased four runners last week to ensure that my wood floors were protected for a holiday party. I received the rugs just three days post order (standard shipping) and I am very impressed. They are true to color and are well crafted. The skid backing keeps the rug from slipping and they are thick enough to protect the floor beneath from heels.
I was looking for runners for my dogs in our laundry facility during the rains.  These were just what I was looking for.
I bought this to go on top of my wood floors at the patio door area.  It is great.  The non-skid backing is super.  The rug prevents a lot of tracking in of dirt and little wet (doggie) feet from outdoors also.  The quality of the rug is good, a great deal at this price.  I would recommend it to others.  I am planning to buy one for the front entry.
This runner is great it stays where you put it and it looks great. Can't wait to get a few more
This is my second rug of this type and it's perfect at the top of the stairs from my kitchen.
Recieved it last night, pulled up the old frankenstein that we had pieced together as a runner (we're creative and frugal...at least that's what we tell ourselves), and put this in it's place. As our area is 5 x 11ft-6in, it was incredibly difficult to find something that would handle that area well without going $$$custom$$$, so we gave up and purchased this 3x10.After putting it in place, I thought about returning it for the 3x12 version, and then trimming off one end and butting that end up against the door jam, but my better half said "nope, this is perfect, we'll adjust". I guess that's the sum of it right there!
I opened up the box and they are what i expected, I am still looking forward in putting this on the floor, when grout is clean.
Edges are all tapered and it seems very durable.  I have this on top of another rug in a hallway and the non-skid bottom keeps it in place.  I would recommend it.
Just what I wantedDoesnt skid on the floorcan see dirt easily but i wanted chocolate brown so gotta deallooks and feels great
Received this runner faster than promised and it looks great, color as described, and the quality is excellent.  Would recommend it!
Exactly what I expected and more. Very stable on hardwood floors does not slip at all.  Beautiful dark brown color  We love it.
Thanks to other reviews I read, I purchased and am totally pleased with this carpet runner.  Like so many others, I have an active 60 lb dog that sheds and scratches my brand new unfinished hardwood floor that I just installed throughout my house.  She's white and leaves hair on the chocolate rug but it's not anywhere as bad as I thought it would be.  It vacuums easily.  I like this runner because I was able to order exactly the size I need, the color I wanted, it has great skid resistant backing, and it's machine washable.  What I also appreciate is that it doesn't raise at all so I don't have to worry about my 85 year old father-in-law and his 85 year old girlfriend, who aren't good on their feet, tripping.  I will definitely buy more.
was exactly what i was looking for. keeps the traffic off my new wood floors, espeacially my three large dogs. stays put and vacuums up like a charm. highly recommend.
This runner is perfect for  my dining room. Nonskid backing is perfect for when my four labs go running through the room. Excellent purchase, very good quality.
This is my third runner.  It is perfect in uncarpeted hallways and such.  Quality is there and the price is right.
Its a nice thickness, doesn't seem cheaply made. I like it!. Hair and dust seem to cling to it and thevacuum doesn't like picking up certain hairs or threads etc the first time over so you have to go over it a few times.I have an Oreck too just to let ya know I don't have a chincy vacuum.I bought it basically to put in my bedroom on the wood floors so if my dogs walked around at night I wouldn't hear theirnails clicking on the floor. So it works well for the purpose intended.
I like this one more than the 6x9 of the same color. It adds class to my office.You will vacuum daily, because all debris is white ( I never knew).Get it!
Exactly what I was looking for.  It was so great to find the right length and width for our back entry. I  am sure that it will be perfect for winter weather in Wisconsin.
This is my second pair. They hold up very well for the busy area I use them in. Just after 4yrs, it was time to replace them. Highly recommend these runners
I really like these carpets and just bought another one as a backup.  They fit and look great.  Hopefully they will wash easily.
While I would have chosen something tweedy to better hide any dirt, my husband wanted this color and it does look very nice as a runner from our cellar door to our patio door. It's great that you can get these in so many lengths and don't have to use separate runners for a long hallway or path. It vacuums well and feels good underfoot. We are very happy with it.
We chose these rugs for our motorhome.  They appear to be of good quality (we have only had them for several weeks).
Our garage entry door to the house is adjacent to the main entry door so I wanted a runner to replace the 2 entry mats. It is perfect in almost every way possible. It doesn't move, vacuums up beautifully, and traps the dirt from outside. The trade off is that it shows dog hair in exchange for hiding dirt and stains. However the dog hair is not a problem since it vacuums so effortlessly. I bought a matching shorter one for the back patio door. Also the mat's weave is tight enough that the dog's claws don't affect the appearance so it holds up well. I highly recommend this runner.
Love it - perfect dark brown color, sturdy, and doesn't skid across the floor.  If only it came in a 20 or 24" width - the 27" is just a bit too wide for a runner / carpet in my opinion.  This company is the best to deal with.  I had a problem with my first order and the color and they called me personally to discuss my replacement and return.  Within 1 week I had sent back my first order and received the dark brown carpets AND my refund from the initial order.  Very fast, very efficient and you should have no worries when dealing with them.
As described by the manufacturer, the Skid-resistant Carpet Runner stays in place, and its chocolate brown color makes my living room cool and pleasant. A friend of mine who got married last week loved it so much that I had to purchase another one and gave it to him as a gift. His newly-wedded wife loves it greatly!!!
Runner arrived within a short period of time from when order was placed.  The carpet itself is of good quality and the skid resistant part is WONDERFUL!!!!  I purchased this because our hallway is 20' in length and we have 4 dogs who run it constantly chasing one another.  This runner stays in place and does NOT slide around even with 16 dog feet running up and down it all day.  Great buy, wished it had come in a few more choices of colors, but then again this color won't show the dirt (yea).  It vacuums easily with the shorter nap and is a breeze to maintain.
This rug is perfect for wood floors, it doesn't move or skid. We have a golden retriever that we play with on it and the rug doesn't move when she runs around and stops short on it.  The only problem is, that it's a hair magnet.  It doesn't stay clean for more than a day after vacuuming.
Nice runner.  Reasoonably priced.  Liked the fact it was hemmed on all sides. The chose of sizes and colors were vey good.
I was having a problem with a brown stripe down the middle of my hall. This carpet runner works very well and it looks great with the matching 3'x5' mat that I put in from of my bathroom. The only problem I had is that the runner would move about an inch every three days and would end up rubbing against the wall. I got some two-sided carpet tape to hold it down and I only used a couple 10&#34; pieces. This solved the problem completely and my only concern is that there may be some glue from the tape that will show when I lift the runner to get my carpets cleaned.
and the color matches my wife's hair dye which gets splashed all over our laundry room once a month.  The flip side to this feature is all the lint and our white german shepherd's hair shows up like road salt on a black car.  Tradeoffs.  This replaced TWO shorter runners which had outlived their usefulness years ago but inertia kept them on our laundry room floor until I finally got around to looking for something to replace them.  This works as advertised.  Great price, fast delivery, good construction.
Love this rug...have purchased a lot of rugs from online and am always nervous. I have had great success with Amazon. The rubber backing keeps rug frm moving on carpet which I LOVE! It is very soft and is a beautiful very dark color of brown. Has a really nice design as well. Ive purchased rugs in the past that were double the price and not as nice as this rug.  Big Thanks to seller for a great product.
I have the 6 ft. x 27 in. runner at my front door entry way.  It looks gorgeous.  I love it. It sturdy enough to handle all of the traffic that occurs at my entry way.  The chocolate color is rich and beautiful. It matches the small loveseat and chocolate curtains I have near that porch area. I purchased two of these within a 2 month span and 2 days ago purchased a 3rd one.  I plan to purchase another one for the upstairs bedroom.Like I stated in my other review you will need a little vacuum handy because you will be able to see white lint or pet hairs easily.  But rest assured, once you give it a good vacuum, it goes right back to its former beauty.  You will not go wrong with this one.  It beats many of the other carpet runners on the market.  The way that it's made, I can tell I will have these for a long time.
The set is great, though very heavy.  It converts to full circle with ease. It gets many compliments and positive statements. I was not happy, however, with the fact that it was advertised as a 3-piece set, but came table only.  Chairs had to be ordered separately.  I spent much more on the set than I intended.
I bought the Table and four chairs as a set.  All arrived as promised and were fairly easy to assemble...took about an hour for all five pieces.  Table is very attractive and I particularly like the contrasting wood colors.  The table and chairs are sturdy but the drop leaves could be stronger.  The sliding support can easily be dislodged and allow the drop leaf to fall without warning.  I screwed them in place to keep the leaves up and also allow four people to sit at the table.  I would buy again.
I sleep so much better on this bed... I sleep through the night. It's very comfortable... I would recommend this bed to people who are looking for an economical, comfortable and great for the back bed... I look forward to more of these products...
I bought the Ekko bed over a year ago, in both the Full and Twin sizes, but not from Amazon.I love the Twin bed and mattress (it might be different from Amazon's mattress offering, though). It *never* squeaks, and holds up well even with two people sleeping (and doing other, more boisterous things) in it.The full size, however, isn't worth anything. I should have believed the phone rep. when he told me it's better in a guest bedroom, and not for daily use. After a few tries, we simply threw it out because of all the squeaking.Together, we weigh about 255 lbs, and the squeaking occurred even if we were simply lying in it. It's because the horizontal slats on the Full size are not supported in the middle, so they're simply too long and tend to bend just enough to cause the squeaking. The similar "Nomad" bed might be better because of the middle support.I'm giving this 5 stars because the Twin size deserves it and I don't want to detract from its rating, but hope anyone looking to buy a Full will consider the reviews and look elsewhere.
This mattress is thick and soft.  a very comfortable bed.  when we got the bed there was a tear in the seam of the mattress.  I contacted the company and they got back with me right away and took care of it.  I am very happy with this purchase.  ordering a bed on line can be hit or miss but this bed is great.  I love that it is soy and latex and a healthy bed for my child.
This ottoman is of excellent quality and style. It is exactly what I wanted and more.  I wish I had room for the accompanying chair.
Takes about 3 hours to assemble with the right tools.  Weight about a 100 pounds.  But looks great and fits a lot of books, pictures, and nick-nacks.  Fairly sturdy, just be sure to apply furniture pads to the bottom, and don't plan to move it too much. :)
looks awesome and was easy to assemble. every part is of quality and all of the parts are labeled. I enjoyed the sense of achievement when I was done. Great piece.
These chairs are awesome. They look fantasic at my counter. Solid and easy to put together. Well crafted amd comfortable to sit on.
I don't own this table - yet - but I got to this product thinking I was shopping for an oval table (the one in the image). This is actually a round table when you read the description and follow the link to the seller. Beware.5 stars because I "love" this table and am about to order it as an OVAL table elsewhere.
THANK  YOU  SO  MUCH  THIS  IKEA  WALL- MOUNTED  TABLE  IT  IS  VERY  GUD ,..,.,THANKS  AGAIN  FOR  SHIPING  IN  TIME  AND  IN  VERY  NICE  CONDESHIN ,..,
Table was easy to put together, with the help of my husband, of course. It took us about an hour. The table itself is very nice. The wood is smooth and appears of good quality. Everything arrive in good condition. I was a bit surprise that I had to use my own screws to mount the table to the wall, but I understood the explaination provided in the instructions and it was not a problem. I love my table and the ease of moving it up and down. It really works well for me and where it is located, my garage. Thank you.
I love IKEA products but the nearest store is a 2.5 hour drive away.I would spend more than $20 in gas to get there and back not to mention that I would invariably end up spending more money as well.
I bought this to use as a folding table in my laundry room. It is perfect because it takes up very little space when folded down, but is sturdy enough when in the &#34;up&#34; position. When mounting this we had to drill additional holes through the wood mounting plate so we could mount it into the wall studs. I would recommend using this for a dining area in a small space too - it looks nice enough for this use.When I opened the package, the wood on the back left corner of the table was chipped from shipping. They didn't pack this with protection on the corners. I am okay with the chip since it is my laundry room, but if I were mounting this in the dining area I would have had to send it back for a replacement. That is my only complaint on this product.Overall I love it and would absolutely order it again.
I was looking all over in the stores and on line for a small folding table to put in my laundry room.  This is perfect.  I fold my laundry on it and it comes in very handy for other jobs as well.  The price was right and it is just the right size for a small area and I can fold it up when it's not in use, which rarely happens.  I love it.
Product is very well made. Ii had a small skinned place on one edge. This is a non-issue because of its location.
I purchased this table for my laundry room. I needed something that would fold up because of the small space but large enough to fold laundry. Just exactly what I needed.
I gave my brother this table when he moved into a one bedroom apartment. It is perfect for utilizing space.
This is a wonderful buy.  It's fairly sturdy and easy to put up or take down as needed.  This is the second one I have bought. We had one in our old house.  I had to have another one in our new home.  It's so convenient.  I recommend this buy!
This table is perfect for folding clothes in my small laundry room.  It is sturdy and attractive and folds down when not in use.
I searched many places looking for a table like this to go in my newly decorated laundry room. It is just perfect for folding clothes and can then be easily tucked away. Very pretty and sturdy. I highly recommend this table. Everyone needs one for their laundry room!
After downsizing from a home to a condo having to deal with limited space has sometimes been a challenge. The wall mount drop leaf table is ideal for our place because when the table is down it blends into the wall, so it goes unnoticed when not in use. The main use is a laundry fold table to eliminate taking clothes from the dryer to the bedroom. Now I can get everything done in one place. Nice looking piece and everything intact ready to install.
I was amazed!  It is so sturdy.  All the holes matched up and all the hardware was there.  Nothing was missing!
CHECK PRICES FOR THIS ELSEWHERE (none include mounting pieces/parts, so don't think that you're getting a better deal here)-- I FOUND IT FOR $20-$30 total (..immediately after I bought it here, though...)I have an 8x10 New England style crawlspace of a bedroom so every bit of space matters greatly.I used mine for a standing desk space that I could lower when not in use, but that was high enough to keep storage beneath since I prefer to write/type/study standing. I lean as I work, so it was important to mount it sturdily (see below).Definitely do not try to eye the leveling of this. And as always, measure many times before putting the first hole into the wall. This thing is kind of a bitch to get right, but I loved it while I used it.**I DID HAVE TO GO TO THE HARDWARE STORE TO GET SCREWS FOR MOUNTING** so just be advised-- you'll want to get a few sheetrock anchors and some wood screws once you receive this and then calculate where you'll be mounting it. There are about 5(?) different anchoring holes, so based on the level I wanted mine, 3 were on studs, 2 were in sheetrock.
We don't have an abundance of space in our laundry/bathroom and folding laundry ends up on a couch or bed or table. Installed this right next to the laundry and great large counter space to fold and hold laundry. Installed behind a door and when its down, you would never know it was there.
We needed a table for the laundry room and had a specific space available.  This table not only fit the space perfectly, it folds down when not in use.  The appearance is beautiful and it was easy to assemble.  The table was shipped quickly and arrived in good condition.  I am very happy with it.
My Wife loves it. We have it in our laundry room and it tucks away nicely against the wall when not in use and pulls up nice and sturdy when we need it. Definitely a quality product.
shelf unit is sturdy and looks great in laundry room with limited space.  Came exactly as described.  Installation was pretty straight forward too.  Made my wife very happy.
This is an excellent quality item. It was easy to install and was the much needed relief that I needed in my tiny laundry room. I installed this by myself with simple hand tools. Total installation took me about 30 minutes.
This was a much needed desk idea for my sons small room. It was becoming a hassle to clear off a space on the kitchen table for him to do his homework and my wife and I decided that we needed to come up with something so that he could work in his room, but we had a problem with space. This collapsible table worked out perfectly.
We used this table in our laundry/pantry/storage room. We installed the hinges on the top so that the table would flip up. We have a wine refrigerator and recycling bins under the table, so there would be no place to let it hinge down. The quality is fantastic, and I was able to decide exactly how high I wanted to mount it.
I purchased this table to use as a desk for my laptop.  It is mounted under a window and is great!.  Very strudy, and lots of leg room.
Anyone having a 5th wheel or travel trailer can always use another flat surface for their laptop, television, hobby, "stuff."  For that matter, an additional work space that will gladly free up the dinding table for ... dining.  The size was just right, in my case, to hold a large, heavy 17" laptop, mouse pad, coffee cup, external drive, and heavy pro DSLR camera/lens for downloading photos from camera to laptop.  More than sturdy enough to bear the weight of everything without any signs of stress on the thick top wood surface or the supporting members attached to the back of a seat bench for the dining table.  When the 5th wheel was in motion, we either left the table in the upright or down position.  Didn't matter as both positions rode perfectly.  Highly recommend this folding table ... for home, or on the road.
This is stronger than I expected it to be.  Assembly was straight forward.  You will need help mounting it to the wall or have the patience of a saint to balance the table part while screwing the support into the wall.  You will need screws long enough to go through the pre-drilled holes and through the wall.  They are not included. All other hardware is.
Cheap, sturdy and can easily fold to create more space.  Great product, would highly recommend.  Side note: Comes with everything except screws to mount to the wall.
It fits perfectly on the wall in my laundry room, always there to fold cloths from dryer or iron something quickly without having to deal with ironing board.
I installed two of these for folding clothes in our laundry room. They were fairly simple to install and work great. My wife loves them.
I have limited space in my laundry room and this product makes it possible for me to fold my laundry as I pull it out of the dryer without taking up room when it is not in use.  It is exactly what I was looking for when I purchased it.
I have a small kitchen and this table worked very well in the area I  have it. gives me extra work space plus a place to sit and eat.
This table is sturdy and attractive. Easy to install.I recommend it to anyone who has a cramped space in a small room.
I put this in and my Wife loves it.  She does the laundry and I do the cooking and dishes.  Fair trade??????The shelf looks and works great!
very quick in arriving,kinda weird it didn't come with wall mount screws but at that price and such a well made table,I can get my own screws..very happy with it!
I have bought this folding table for my son apartment&#8217;s kitchen.  The kitchen is small, and normal size table does not match the kitchen.  This folding table is perfect and looks nice.  We also have bought two folding chairs. And when we need more space in kitchen, we just fold table and chairs. Very comfortable!
I was very pleased with the furniture I purchased!  It's very sturdy and looks nice in my daughter's room! I thought I was going to have to wait to receive it like I did the bunkbeds when I ordered directly from Cymax, but I didn't, it came alot sooner than I thought.  I'm one happy camper, and my girls are too!
I am very happy with my new chair. I wanted it for the purpose of having seating that doesn't take up so much visual space. It is excellent quality and arrived in perfect shape. There is plenty of 'seat' space and the chair is very comfortable - especially with a pillow behind your back.
Look amazing.  Bought 4 then ordered again.  Easy to assemble.  Very pleased.  Looks just like real leather. And soft too.
We ordered 6 of these chairs for our new dining table because they looked comfortable.  They were shipped promptly within the timeframe promised.  They weren't difficult to assemble and all six done in one evening after work with no problem.  They look exactly like the Amazon picture, are very comfortable to sit on and sturdy.  They have levelers on each of the legs/feet which is nice. So far, we are so pleased with these chairs, we would buy additional ones if we need.  We're anxious to see how they last over time and are hopeful there are no issues.
I ordered two of these chairs to use in a small, narrow living room.  They provide extra seating without taking up much space.  They are very sturdy, and the finish is nice.  The chairs look as though they would be more expensive than what they actually were.  Glad I bought these.
legs on two were a bit wobbly but once I fiddled with them they were perfect. Love the chairs, they are well made and very comfortable....
I rarely offer product reviews, but these chairs merit an endorsement. For the money, these were the best purchase I've made for my new apartment. They are surprisingly well made & went together easily. All tools & bolts were included.
I had to sell my car to afford it, but luckily now my wife has agreed I can keep a concubines. I put wheels and a trailer hitch on it so I can pull it with my bike when I go to work. Way better than a car, can nap at lunch!
We have a huge mirror in our master bath that I hate.  This cabinet sits in the middle and has made a big difference in the look and the extra storage is great.
Cabinet is well made, takes up little space and has the look of a beautiful piece of furniture.I highly recommend this media cabinet. I can't say enough of how pleased I am with it.
This pedestal is a perfect fit for any room.  I like how I can store my cds and dvds inconspicuously.  Pedestal has an expensive look to it and comes with lots of shelves.