While I agree with Greg's review, I don't see any of the songs he mentions on this album. In fact, the pictures on the cover don't appear to be the members of The Allies I remember. I suspect this is not the album I was looking for nor the one Greg reviewed. I am a huge Allies fan and would love to hear those songs again, but sadly I don't believe this is the classic Christain rock album.
A number of the tracks are incorrectly titled. For instance. The Track titled Hey Mom Look at Me plays I Can Run to Georgia. The Track named Hey You...How You Feel plays Airborne, the track titled Airborne plays I Feel Alright Now. And so on. Very disappointing. Even does it on the previews.
Weak cadance, low volume, check out the USMC you will be much happier you did
I was not happy with this recording because it did not sound like Jacob do Bandolim. The art-work was also disappointing.
In my opinion, the airborne cadence selection is the best of all the running cadences.  I have the tape version and wanted to download this version for my Ipod.  However, this version has an annoying beat added over the cadences.  Leave the original alone.
This is the second historic Folkways album I've listened to, and I am seriously disgusted. Folkways has a great reputation, and I was interested in hearing some historical American music, but from the 2 albums I've heard, I have to conclude that Moses Asch hired winos from the Bowery to provide the vocals for his records. The singing is so unbelievably bad that it distracts from the music in a_major_way. Because this man Janovsky's voice is so painfully bad, I couldn't even make it halfway through the album. I am very disappointed.
I expected good sound quality. That is not what I got. The first song - Shir Sameach - only had 2 of the 4 verses and then faded out. The 7th song - Tzion Tamati sounds like it was recorded under water. The encoding was very bad like it was done on a computer that was doing many other jobs at the time. All the mp3 songs on this album that I purchased had very high audio distortion levels - 5 to 10 percent - like it was transferred from an LP with a blunt or worn out needle. If I buy the CD I could encode the MP3 files well (256kbs, independent L & R channels) but how do I get rid of the distortion. I guess I will have to hunt for a good quality original LP and do it myself.
Caution to buyers:This is NOT the same album as shown on the initial listing. When you click on that album (of the same title but performed by Johnny Collins) you are taken to a different album with different cover art.
I am a huge Lavin fan, but after hearing this album, I found myself extremely disappointed - in fact, extremely annoyed.  First, she seems SO intent on being a comedienne that the music suffers (and as mentioned elsewhere, much of the jokey schlock is lost without the visuals anyway).  Second, I could also really live without the self-righteous, idiotic and even somewhat ironic "conservatives are evil" political spittle (PS I am generally moderate, so don't pull a Lavin by assuming I'm the type she sings of - and the type she is ironically much closer to being, ie a close-minded extremist).I just wish I could have been her manager before she did this concert to say OK, you're ultra-liberal, think conservatives are all Archie Bunkers/the Devil, and yes you're SO funny, so clever, ha ha - we GET it already.  Now would you mind getting back to the the soft, touching, poignant stuff that so many of your fans love you best for?  Yknow, the stuff that (God forbid!) is absent of tedious political BS and tiresome yuk yuks?  I can't believe how many of her best songs never made it to a live CD while such garbage did.  gag.  oops, I mean tee hee, giggle.
"Somebody's knocking" on this album will provide minutes of joy to any unsuspecting party.  Don't drive and listen to it or you will run off the road.
I found this CD when I was searching for "Journey's Greatest Hits" - and it occurred to me: How can someone have a 'greatest hits' CD when they have never had a hit? Isn't that an oxymoron or something?
The vocal quality is okay, but not the rest.  Nearly every piece is in the same key, and melodies sound almost the same from one piece to the next.I absolutely love Messianic music, and listen to it all the time.  Myrna's album was recommended by a friend who says this is her favorite CD.To each his own.  I'm a professional, highly trained, musician, and I did not enjoy it at all.
This is a dreadful CD.  The songs alternate between sentimental, grating numbers of the "Stardust" variety and more up-tempo, bluegrassy numbers.  Mitchell's voice has a "cold" quality that isn't suited to the material.  It's almost worth buying the CD, though, to listen to Mitchell kill Don Henley's "Heart of the Matter," which she delivers in song-song fashion, like a stern minister delivering an admonishing sermon, inexplicably emphasizing some words over others.  It's a hoot.  However, by the time Mitchell does a surreal, upbeat, bluegrass version of The Rolling Stones' "Mother's Little Helper," complete with a Klezmer violin sawing away in the background--totally missing the somewhat dated, social criticism of the song--the joke wears a little thin.  One bright note is the self-penned number, "Miss You Boy."  With so much great music in this genre out there, there's no reason to linger on this vapid disk.
While the package does not say so, this is not the original version - a very poor cover at worse;  waste of money
The first 12 songs are from some guy singing country western songs. WTF? The rest of the songs sound like they come from the movie, which BTW is a wonderful movie.
The music is great.  The files SUCK  ... S U C K !!!!!This digital download plays ONLY on my computer.  I CAN NOT get it to burn onto a CD to play in my car or my living room stereo. (Yes, both my car unit and my home stereo can play mp3 files and I have played burned mp3 CD's in them before.)  I have tried multiple work-arounds trying to get this done and the only result is a pile of coasters.I WILL NEVER BUY MP3's FROM AMAZON AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!  NEVER  NEVER  NEVER  NEVER  NEVER
Capital PlansFalls Off the Curb, Chump Style.All Your DeparturesThe City Lights Us On FireSecession in AstropolisInanomie Op.221EpHeart Of BranchesThis soporific recording & artist label owner likely & allegedly owes back taxes.  Hear the answer to the question "Why?" on "We Saw Everything."  A gigantic (asian profanity) on, in, around and through the skulls of music lovers everywhere.  One joy-killer of an album. Actually, compact disk.
This CD came quickly, but I wished I had never gotten it. It was music, but no dancing like I thought it would be. I am giving it away.
Would be a nice collection but there was a problem when the album was converted to MP3. Sounds like someone made an MP3 out of a vinyl version that was scratched and warped.  Notice in the description that some of the songs are less than 60 seconds -- that's because they are incomplete, cutting off mid-song.  Others are garbled and cannot be listened to. When I complained, Amazon agreed there is a problem and cheerfully refunded my money, but months later the same version still appears on the website.
This is an album of fiddle tunes played note for note by a classically trained violinist that has no idea of what actual "fiddle" music sounds like.For anyone expecting classic fiddle tunes played by a "fiddler" this album is pathetic. No wonder the present generation has no concept of what genuinefiddle music sounds like. Don't waste your money on this one.
You know you're not dealing with a first-class operation when a company releases an album titled "A Salute to Carol King" -- misspelling the first name of the artist it is saluting. And you know you're not even dealing with a second-class entity when it rereleases the same album two years later with the same error. The positive side of this is that it saves consumers the trouble of actually listening to the product, since we can see ahead of time that its producers are too careless to do good work.
THE CONTANT IS NOT UP TO THE MARK. CHILDREN DID NOT LIKE IT. THIS IS COMPRISED OF JUST ORDINARY MUSIC NOT APPEALING.
Awful and terrible. Could not get this to download despite two separate attempts and verification that nothing was wrong with my tablet. If I could get a successful download,  I would consider giving this a better rating. Will be contacting Amazon for a refund on the purchase price.
Air Dry  was brilliant,  if that had been well promoted as a single, it would have easily been a top 40 hit. Teddy Geiger should open for Gavin DeGraw, OneRepublic and Train on tour. Teddy should go back to Air Dry, 7 Days Without you... With the acoustic rock, mixed with soul and wit.
This CD is NOTHING like Teddy's old stuff.  Very dissappointing.  It sounds like he went to college, did drugs and turned into every other tinny sounding guy that does the same.  Not impressed at all.  He is trying too hard and I do not like this at all.  I loved his first album, Underage Thinking.  I'll continue to listen to it, but this EP will be deleted from my Ipod.
Was very excited to see that Ryan had his own CD out - LOVE him in Celtic Thunder but disappointed in the "quality" and "sound" of this DVD - Tried in 3 different players and could barely understand his words - Had to send back :(
Being a great fan of Ryan Kelly for the work he does with Celtic Thunder, I was perhaps expecting too much from his first solo CD. The fact is that it is obvious he put his heart and soul in this project and I'm sure he, and many people - are very satisfied with the result. It is an album that might touch you deeply when you listen to some of the lyrics (just hoping it's not autobiographical, Ryan, and if some part of it IS, that you will heal, in time)...so from that point of view, it IS probably a success. However, it somehow completely fails to "imprint" on me. I have listened to it at least 5 times now, and still wouldn't be able to recognize a single tune if I heard it on the radio. The melodies, somehow, are not memorable, too choppy and bland; they are definitely not the kind that get stuck in your mind and that you find yourself humming along. It's not even the kind of album I'd want to listen to as background music...too boring for that. But this is just my opinion and Ryan's "unconditional fans" who love him for more than the sounds he produces might enjoy this anyway. So, I'll just put this CD in a drawer, never to be taken out again, and I'll wait for the next one, hoping for something more "catching", more like Ryan's wonderful voice and energy on Celtic Thunder.
I pre-ordered this CD and could barely wait to hear it. I love Ryan Kelly in Celtic Thunder, but not in his first CD. I kept playing it, trying to like it but couldn't. The song "Emily," was ok, though nothing memorable. As for the rest of the songs, I don't think many will be playing this CD for entertainment or to sing along with Ryan.Talk about dark and just depressing. I was so wanting to hear the energy in his unique voice and have this to keep in my head long afterward. However, listening to this CD made me feel sad and uneasy to hear of his past experience of being abused. These feelings remained with me after I heard the album.Unfortunately, I read all the early reviews from what must have been love struck females and bought the CD. Fans don't help him as an artist when they rave about a disappointing CD just because it was his. I hope Ryan gets much needed counsel and prayer to heal. I also hope he stays with Celtic Thunder, which wouldn't be CT without him. And maybe, just maybe, IN TIME he will succeed with a well loved CD.Mary
I like Ryan as a singer but this CD is very depressing. I was very disappointed with this CD. He can do better.
A friend recently played some G&O; for me.  I tried.  I really did.  I even explored more of their stuff elsewhere on the net.  I just don't get it.  I don't find them funny.  Their songs aren't catchy.  They seem to get by on their looks and the alternative comedy scene's all-inclusiveness.  Listen, everyone should have a chance.  Everyone should be allowed to express themselves.  But when it comes to entertainment it's OK to ask that it actually be entertaining.Sorry. Not for me.  I prefer my humor to contain actual comedy.
I don't understand this title. Melobar is a registered trade mark for a guitar that has been manufactured for over twenty year.
I started to use the word caterwauling when writing this review but that isn't exactly right.  I would say better descriptors would be moan, wail, or lament.  It is definitely not for me.
Three of the ten songs on this recording are NOT The Kingston Trio.  Those three are "The Lion Sleep" (actually, the title should be "Wimoweh"), "Marianne," and "Michael Rowed The boat Ashore."  This would seem to be an unauthorized recording.
3 songs on this album are from Peter Paul and Mary, The Easy Riders and the Tokens - must be an unauthorized, pirated album.  Don't buy it or you will be supporting a dishonest producer.
This sound horrible at best !!! Songs have multiple skips and instruments are missing!!! Nothing but background music at times !!! The editor must have terrible taste in music !!! I regret buying this !!!
The songs on this album are very depressing and show no talent by the artist. It's basically a bunch of screaming and yelling into a microphone with some terrible guitar - he misses a lot of notes. My advice? DO NOT BUY. DO NOT LISTEN TO. NOT EVEN WORTH STEALING.
I purchased multiple CD's from Earl back in January. I paid almost $60 and I have yet to receive anything! I spent nearly 4 months going back and forth with him and listening to one excuse after another. Meantime, he has kept my money and I got stiffed. Buyers Beware!
Do they even do PT in the Air Force and Navy? :)The transition between cadences is off, so plan to do that little speed-step move to get back into step; rather than being U.S. drill sergeants, I assumed these were E-4s attending PLDC (Primary Leadership Development Course).Put simply, I played this one once and removed it from my ipod. I'm going back to the Airborne and Ranger cadences. This one sucks.
The Item I thought I was buying was the movie and I got a CD and it wouldn't even play!
the one i got is terrible it sounds like it was recorded in  a tin can. iwish i could gret a better sounding copy somehow. i have recorded records to cd and they sound much better. send me a better copy please.  thanks john..
While the original recordings are fun, the quality of this recording is AWFUL. There are constant skips and jumps in every single song. It is jarring as hell. Did no one check the quality control on this? Sounds like a bad vinyl record transfer. Better that the recording vanish forever than be of this shoddy caliber. Shame on them. Do not waste your money until this has been addressed.
Just take a listen to the preview for the track "Tell Me Why, I'm Always Feeling Blue" and tell me why you would purchase this album. The audio is completely overblown and distorted. Just like the cover on this one, it appears this is another album churned out with no regard to quality.On the first Walt Winston album, I wrote that the songs were not awful. On this album I have to change that to a couple of the songs are not awful. Most of the songs on this record are pretty bad based on the previews available.
I didn't think the album displayed any creativity, it seemed to be more of a desperate plea for someone to finally accept this music as "astounding" and give the artist a pass to fame.  You won't see this song on any store shelves because it doesn't deserve to be there.  These songs are the ones you shouldn't be paying for, especially the full $.99!  Don't waste your time, and especially not your money.  Also, note that the other review of this album is from W. Winston, the album artist.
Someone in this man's life is not being honest with him. This was honestly painful to listen to. He is creative but his execution is far and away not up to snuff. I give him credit for trying but let's take a deeper look into this.1. I'm Sailing Away - this song has some potential and I was hopeful after previewing it. With that said, the vocals are too hot and the guitar isn't as crisp sounding as I'd like, but this is easily the best produced song on there, however still room for lots of improvement.2. Fountain of Hope - sounds like a song a child would write for his first love. The timing falls apart big time as the preview goes on.3. Someday I'll be Someone - I don't get this one. Why place this depressing song about someday finding someone right after a song that says you found someone? The guitar on this one is out of tune and the attacks are too harsh for the mood of the song.4. Tell me Why, I'm always feeling Blue - WOW. This is the worst produced song I have ever heard. Was this recorded in an oil drum? The song idea may not be bad, but again,execution is so far below professional. Again - timing issues. Also what is up with all of the reverb?5. Friends Say I need to Wait - This isn't horrible compared to the previous track. The lead vocal is pushed way hot and is clipping.6. Far Too Long - this is all over. True story - my dog barked when he went for those high notes. This one hurts.7. Wish I may, Wish I might - production of this one improves but does he not hear the dead strings in some of the chords?8. After the Flowers Die - was this sung in a cathedral? The reverb is painfully excessive!9. You Caught my Eye - some blips in the guitar but one of the better ones on here.10. Thinking of You - woah, this is has timing issues galore.11. I know Your Love Disappears - WOW, I thought track 4 was the worst song I could possibly hear. This one takes the cake.12. Out of the Ashes - again, reverb reverb reverb! Backup vocals don't match up.The problem with this album is not creativity. As I said, execution is poor to say the least. When recording any type of album or compilation, the songs should flow. They should be consistent - not just in theme but also in production. On this album, one song is soft and the next one blows out my speakers. His excessive use of reverb is a major downfall. Reverb is something that should be used in minimal increments, especially on an album such as this when you basically just have a cheap acoustic guitar and the occasional misplaced tambourine or drum. The reverb in essence creates so much space that can't be covered. Obviously this is a self recorded, self produced album and that is fine, but you can achieve much much higher levels of professionalism even with minimal equipment and some effort. I am curious to hear the takes that didn't make the cut!In reading other comments on here, apparently, Walt Winston feels the need to defend himself either under his own name or that of an alias, but I hope he takes this as constructive criticism and nothing more. I do however need to say that with what I have heard, there is no way he is the "all-time hits leader" online or otherwise.
The Wives singing, music arrangements, and harmonies are excellent as always but they need to get a new recording studio that has a sober mixing engineer and better equipment. Half of the tracks have muddy bass that has the lower frequencies boosted way, way too high. I was very disappointed with the quality of this CD.
This is in gaelic and I could not understand a word and none of the songs seemed like ones I had heard before.
The record has W.C. Fields' name on it, but it does not have his voice on it.  What it has is a bunch of old fashioned banjo songs. Listen to the song previews before you buy this thing!  It is not what you might be expecting.
After hearing their "Desire for a Straight Line" release I was mesmerized by the complexity, sophistication and genre creating music I was experiencing. Was it bluegrass jazz? Bluegrazz? No, it was something completely unique. This is why I was so exited to see this new release. See being the operative word here because when I heard it.....whew! To be kind, horrible is the nicest word I can use. Shawan, Dave stay instrumental. Please! The only thing more lame then your lyrics are the voices used to sing them.
Too early and to much more work needed to start selling your stuff mate. Get a new vocalist and recording studio, than try again.
Is this one of those cds that artist allow to be released because they owe a despised label another disc?  It is alternative versions, very much lesser versions, of Shindell favorites.  Why bother?  A rip off.
I was surprised to see this on Spotify under "Eric Johnson". I started listening and thought "Eric has had a stroke, this is horrible". It took much digging to find out this is NOT Eric Johnson i.e. "Ah Via Musicom" but some other dude (Eric J) that happens to have the same name. I listened to at least four songs before I had to bail. Look, I get it, many people can have the same name, but to have this propagate around the internet and show up under "Eric Johnson" is just wrong. Flat. Out. Wrong.
I have purchased this album, not knowing it was a different Eric Johnson as well. This is a 45-minute guitar wankoff, no melody, no construction. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! THIS IS NOT THE TEXAS TONEMASTER!
Let me start out by saying that I was really looking forward to listening to this CD. The knitting community is really bolstering this album's acclaim. I ran home after listening to Knitting Pipeline to find it online. Then I found it and was so disappointed. If only Melanie's voice had some accompaniment or if she took the time to sing with the music instead of above it. I love the idea of knitting to songs about knitting; so can someone else give it a shot.Be sure to listen to songs before buying.
Wow this 'album' sucks.And I've seen this band so many times live and they rock.[I guess I was drunk!].What I'll say is this: there are so many great songs on this album.But, and HUGELY BUT,the mastering of the sound here SUCKS.Why is the bitrate so high and the crap noises so obvious?This is bootlegged quality without the quality.Not worth $2 because this was supposedly multitrack mixed.Yes, they appeal to NYPD and NYFD.But, where is the appeal to SOUND?A few pints, at some venue, and I'm sure they sound great.-r.c.
The title says &#34; 50 RUNNING CADENCES OF THE U.S. ARMY&#34;, not true at all. There are only a few from the Army the rest are Marines and Navy. Just change the title!
The beats are off so bad you stumble through most of it trying to get back in step.  Dont' waste your money on this....go to documentary recordings (the &#34;run to cadence CD's).  Those were made on location, like FT Benning, with real soldiers running and calling cadence.  They have a website of all the cadence music they made.  The beat is always on and it will bring back the best memories.  SANDHILL LIVES!!!!
There was either a major league glitch when these tunes were originally uploaded to Amazon's servers or this is somebody's idea of a weird joke, and they are trolling for bad reviews. If so, your wish has been granted.A couple of the samples sounded a bit dubious, but overall this work sounded promising.Upon downloading this "album" I found NOTHING, not a single track, worth keeping.The first track "Lost In Love" sound like a fragment of a demo.Track 17 "Epiphany" stops midway, there's a silent gap, then it restarts!The rest of the tracks are decently recorded but they stop abuptly after about the 1 minute mark (I should have gotten a clue when looking at the track times).***Addendum 2/14/14 After I contacted Amazon, they immediately issued me a refund (thanks, Amazon), but just in case this item remains on their servers, do not buy it!
Sounded like a bunch of kids singing....need to make it clear that not only are the real artist singing the songs, but that none of the songs sound remotely close to the artist's voices.
This album is NOT THE ARTISTS, It's a cd of covers of popular country songs. I emailed asking for a refund and still have lot heard back. It's been over a week.I was so excited to get so many great songs for such a great price. Too good to be true. This is a waste of your money.
I did not realize this is songs that are not the original artists. Very disappointed. You get what you pay for!
Saor Patrol is one of my favorite bands. This album has none of the things I like about Saor Patrol. It sounds thrown together. Often excruciating. Some people have done a lot of interesting things mixing punk sensibilities with other kinds of music, including Celtic music. This is not one of them. I hate to say it. Sorry, guys.
First, Scottish Choice is an all-time classic album of the British folk revival. I was excited to find it here  as a download as the vinyl is hard to come by .That said, whoever made this LP transfer should be spanked! It is shocking. It renders the original unlistenable - it sounds as though the songs were recorded underwater with distressing tin-foil trebles crashing in.The mp3 files are  255kbps (apparently amazon usually deals in VBR averaging at 256kbps) so that isn't the problem.I can only assume that whoever digitally mastered the audio files after the LP transfer used horrible filters to eliminate crackle and pop leaving this lossy horribly disappointing mess behind.I will be asking for my money back -- save yours!
I will never buy music as a gift on amazon again. They are not friendly at all. First the email link they sent to the recipient of this gift album ended up in spam and was not seen until six days after his birthday. Then the download link they sent did not work. Then Amazon stupidly assumes all downloads will be to cell phones. Then they stupidly make you download a program so you can download to the songs to your computer. Amazon has a terrible, awful, unfriendly music download system that should not be used by anyone.
Marc must have  gotten a bunch of friends to write 5 star reviews.  I really was looking forward to getting this and even showed my support on the Kick Start campaign.  Unfortunately the CD is quite horrible.  The music selections are not memorable and a few border on unlistenable.  I can't quite understand how someone hearing these songs actually thought they were worth putting in a collection.Will toss the CD I burned and delete the songs from my computer - hate to waste the space.
I have a huge collection of traditional Irish music and this is the worst among them. In fact, it's not ITM but New Age garbage. I'm not a stick in the mud, am open to new developments in the music but this is pretensious and self-indulgent. I listened to the whole thing hoping there would be something to like. Nothing. P&aacute;draig Rynne may be a fine concertina player. He should stick to what he's good at. Composing/arranging is not one of them.