I wasn't too impressed with this music of Babsley's.  I have heard other music I liked much more of theirs. Maybe this is the style they play now.
Wow, this is so NOT Michael Cretu's Enigma! And, well, just my opinion, but after listening to the samples, I find this is quite worth missing; a huge disappointment after years of enjoyment listening to Cretu's Enigma. No offense intended, for those who might actually be looking for THIS band; I'm just glad I listened to the samples before buying the mp3 download.
Dear Uncle Sam was written back in 1966 by the lady who in 2010 is celebrating 50 years in the music industry, the great Loretta Lynn.  When the song was released, many thought that it was an anti-war testament for the Vietnam War.  However, if you listen to the lyrics it's not that difficult to understand that the real meaning is clearly about a man who is accepting his call to duty to proudly serve his country, while leaving his wife/girlfriend behind who is fearful that he may give the ultimate sacrifice for his country.  As life is sometimes, the worst fear is actualized when a telegram is sent denoting that, in fact, he won't be coming home after all.  The song concludes with a couple of verses from Taps, still a spine tingling, and the reading of "I'm sorry to inform you..."Nobody writes a country song like Loretta Lynn and her version is far superior!
I wish Amazon had other versions, but all I could find were this and karoke, so it'll have to do for now.
This is &#34;white noise&#34; static.  You can get the same thing by tuning an off-air channel and recording the static.  there is an occasional &#34;ting, ting...., ting&#34; like a wayward drop of water in the background to give it some illusion of rain but seems to be more like just static.  Still it is long and can be put on a loop to drown out Hotel noises to sleep or as the other reviewer said airplane/airport noises.  I had $2 it amazon credit to kill and this effectively killed it.
Occasionally I'll be driving down the street when I see an old couple walking together.  My response is always the same - an unrepentant "aw[...]"  That's essentially the same reaction I had when Jim Abel's Thunder arrived on my doorstep, complete with a picture of the artist, himself.  Now in his 60s, Jim Abel is living his dream, writing, recording, and playing his unique style of music in front of live audiences all around the Kansas City area.  This, his fourth album, is dripping with proof that this man truly loves what he does, and I respect that.  Unfortunately, respect can't really get me to like music that I would otherwise dislike, and Thunder has more or less proven this to me.There are really just a multitude of problems with Thunder that make it a truly difficult listen for me.  The thing that immediately struck me about Abel's music is that the recordings are not of the highest quality.  His vocals, in particular, always seem to be brought far to the front of the mix, spotlighting any flaw - big or small - that may be present.  Many times it seems to completely overpower the instrumentation on the songs, which can be quite good at times.  On the album-opener, "Jenny O'Farrell," for example, the layers and layers of instruments really make the song worth remembering.  It's an upbeat, lighthearted song that is definitely nothing I would listen to regularly, though I found it to be completely charming.Unfortunately, most of the songs on Thunder aren't nearly as exciting as this one.  I'm not a stickler for upbeat, happy music either.  It's just that when Abel lowers the pace of his songs, they all start to sound the same to me.  There are a few that stand out, like the beautiful and poignant "The Mystery of Life" or the equally impressive "We Won't Mention It Again" where the following line really stood out to me:Come, dear Clare, friend beyond compare, let us wander as we dare,till our footsteps rhyme for the only time,and we won't mention it again.An hour or two, till the ev'ning dew and the healing fog comes in.Our hands might touch, but not too much,and we won't mention it again.And that's one good thing about Jim Abel:  no matter what you think about his music, you simply can't deny the man's talent as a storyteller.  His songs are vivid in their imagery, which makes the poignant songs more touching and the humorous ones ("Never Give Advice" or "Swappin'") funnier.  That doesn't necessarily make up for his vocal imperfections or his sometimes dragging compositions, but it doesn't really hurt either.What Thunder has that many albums these days don't is "passion."  As I stated before, one listen to the album will make it abundantly clear that Jim Abel really does have a passion for songwriting.  Unfortunately, I jut can't find the passion to appreciate it in the way that many people may be able to.  Personally, I think that Jim Abel would be quite enjoyable in a live setting.  But in the privacy of my own home, vehicle, or wherever I have a choice of what I listen to, I'll probably just go ahead and choose something else.Key Tracks:1. "Jenny O'Farrell"2. "The Mystery of Life"3. "We Won't Mention It Again"4. "Swappin'"4 out of 10 Stars
which I heard yesterday at the Village of Sherman Oaks. I loved it so much I bought the CD. However, the quality of the CD is very very poor.  It spoiled the music for me.  If I were you I would take it off the market until you can get  a better recording.My name is Esther Asimow, and my daughter is writing this for me since I can't use computers.
As someone who has been listening to the albums of The WolfeTones for over 30 years (yikes), I have to say I found this recording very disappointing. There is none of the charm or warmth, or even real emotion in these songs. The melodies are pleasant enough, but the lyrics feel forced. Listened through the album once, then deleted it. Not something I would recommend. At least now I know not to buy any of the others.
Julia Fordham is an artist who has always displayed huge potential, something frequently though not consistently realised, and it is this lack of consistency that is probably attributable to why she has not achieved wider acclaim. 'UnSung Hero', from her forthcoming album, is one of the tracks that struggles to reach mediocre and will continue to make her a niche artist who has difficulty finding a recording contract. The new single limps along with forced rhymes and schmaltz hidden behind a 'cause'. Any emotion is contrived and the children's chorus (whether Forces offspring or not) is simply dire. It was, apparently, written in a single sitting, and it shows. Continue to hope for great things from Ms Fordham, there are indeed many moments of greatness in her back catalogue, but 'UnSung Hero' is, unfortunately, a big step backwards. One for the sycophants only.
Why Tom Moon thought this should be on the 1000 list is beyond me.  Listen to Leige & Leif by Fairport Convention instead.
I was very disappointed when I heard this album.  Teddy is known for a quality voice, melodic music, and relevant lyrics.  There's an audience for the sound he's created for this album, but anyone who loves his earlier work will likely not accept this new music.  The production is one dimensional and his vocals are lazy and not kind to the ear.  If this is the route he wanted to take, I give him props for experimenting.  However, I will not follow his future music if it's anything like this.  I feel that this is bad music made by an incredibly talented artist who knows better.
First let me say that I think Ryan Kelly is absolutely a gifted and very talented man. I have heard him sing in concert and all DVD's + CD'S and he is one of Ireland's best. This was s complete surprise to me and not what I expected ever. The songs have the message of secret wounds and silent cries, like his soul ripped bare. Songs of abuse, pain, death even, all from his own perspective or personal experiences. It is not entertainment but rather baring of the soul that is crippled with pain. It must be therapy for him in some form but not what would really be considered any great enjoyment. Try again Ryan, this one is just too personal and painful for words. All the best to you in the future.
Ryan has always shown the fire in his eyes and his music.  This just does not have it. The songs are good but with no punch.  Nothing memorable, you want to sing along with.  All the songs sound alike.
Let me just start by saying that i was really eager to buy this album because i have really loved Omnia's previous offerings for the most part. This one was a real let down! Steve has gone off on some misguided idea that he can rap (as Dr. Sic... blech) . The instrumental songs on this album are really really nice, and i recommend downloading those if you are an Omnia fan, but basically all of the tracks with vocals are not good. Just plain not good. The first time i  listened to this album i didn't like it but i thought, "hey, i'll give it another chance, afterall, it's Omnia!" And i listened to it again two more times, and liked it less and less each time. I liked this album so little that i actually decided that it was so bad that i no longer liked Omnia at all, in light of this present incarnation! And i liked Omnia a LOT! But after a year or so after listening to this album, i have come back to Omnia and i still enjoy their other albums very much, and like i said, the instrumental tracks off of this one. I feel like maybe they are just trying to reinvent themselves in a fashion, or trying to incorporate other influences, and it hasn't gelled yet. Hopefully in the next album it will gel! i hope so!
Music was some of my favorite of the past year until Noah Gundersen tweet rampage against Israel. After that I just can not listen to it the same way. If you've come here from watching SoA. Do yourself a favor and get katy segals stuff instead.
I stumbled on this album by following a discussion elsewhere. I figured I would listen to some of the track previews here on Amazon. The music itself is not completely awful. You can hear alot of influence from the Beatles and Brian Wilson.What IS completely awful though is the production quality. The very first preview had clipping on the lead vocals. Are you kidding me? I don't know that that issue would be there on the actual album but come on.... who the heck is going to buy that track with the possibility it will sound that bad when you get it? If you don't know what you are doing, find or hire someone who does.Besides that obvious problem, the sound quality overall is poor. The guitar does not sound very well miked and the vocals are not crisp. It sounds like it was recorded in the setting from the glamorous album cover... I know personally you don't have to pay out the rear for studio time to get a decent sound; you just have to have semi decent gear and a drive for quality.Also, the final track that Mr Winston touts as so good (Have You Seen my Heart) has an ear bleeding sour note on the main vocal as soon as you start the preview. Really poor choice. That should not have made it into the final cut let alone the preview. Sing it 'till you get it right then hit save.Also, quit posting on these comments in the third person like you are not just you. I don't think anyone will be under the illusion that you have a large entity behind you after seeing the atrocity that is your album cover and hearing the poor quality of your track previews. A blurry cellphone-camera-quality picture in your living room with drop ceiling, granny curtains and oscillating fan complete with MS paint text littered on top makes you look like a joke. At least you could have went to a park or something and had someone else take the picture.You have some potential, just stop accepting mediocrity from yourself.
I loved 28 Orange Street and The Big Fear. Then Isalie came out, and it was so lifeless and dull it seemed written by a different band. I had hoped the boys' interest in pulse-free, hook-free folk tunes was a temporary glitch, but alas, it seems like the new norm. The guys who wrote the folksy bounce of Burgundy and the faux-rocker Indie Rockin' are nowhere to be seen on this collection. Instead, it's more sedate and opaque songwriting, performed with no energy or drive. There's barely anything here that would count as mid-tempo, to say nothing of upbeat.Like Isalie, I listened to this three or four times, and I couldn't tell you anything about any of the songs, and that makes me sad. Hopefully the upcoming collaboration with Dan Bern will be a return to form; until then, you're better off spinning the Big Fear again and dreaming.
loved the song, did not like Justin's rendition, Guitar was great but I had never heard him sing before. sorry
The quality of the music recordngs is poor. It sounds almost like it is being played through tinny, distorted speakers. My brother and I had this album as children in the 70s, so I was very excited to find it again. But I am dissapointed with the sound quality.
I just saw Johnny with Cracker. He's a very good, live, performer.  I guess I was expecting more from such a good guitar player.
I wasn't overly impressed with this CD.  I found myself getting very bored after the first couple of songs.  I actually don't listen to it all anymore.  Oh well...can't win them all.
Woody was probably singing his heart out, but we mostly got the screeching.  Some of the songs were merely hearing Woody having fun,with a few buddies and probably a jug or two.This man was a real genius for his time and should be showcased more fittingly.
I guess I should have paid more attention.  I didn't realize this is a cover album and the singer quality was so bad
The samples sounded great but once downloaded it was a case of too much of the monster chops. Incredible ability throughout but the compositions themselves just didn't do a thing for me. Not my cup of tea
Where to start...I guess I'm not really into that acoustic stuff - while the piano sounds great, the guitar plonking doesn't really get above the level of street-corner singer making a few bucks near my train-station - but I was still hoping to hear something new and exciting. I do love Neil Byrne's voice, while Ryan's doesn't do anything for me. I wouldn't recognize it if heard on the radio, out of Celtic Thunder context. In this CD, the combination of both voices just isn't enough to keep me from yawning, and while I love the harmonisation of the voices on Celtic Thunder, I'm beginning to suspect that the success is very much due to the powerful orchestra that accompanies them. With just a guitar, it's nothing more than pub singing, and not even that good. Fields of Athenry is one of my favorite songs, and it has lost all of its appeal to me in this version, and the other songs didn't manage to hook me and reel me in. I think Neil can do so much better (his solo album proves it), while Ryan as far as I'm concerned has always been the weakest link of CT, probably hired by the producer hoping that his "dark good looks" would guarantee unconditional fandom of the ladies. Sorry...when it comes to music, I use my ears and Ryan's singing quality seems to be going downhill and he cannot possibly surf on his Celtic Thunder success forever.