I liked the folk music and old ballads but one in particular was very disturbing (Polly) to hear as it is a ballad about a man murdering a woman and then leaving her in a shallow grave. I was really bothered by this song. The others are fun and more upbeat though not all are what I would play for my children. The musician is excellent.
As much as I like these guys (esp. this original lineup), I was a little disappointed in this CD. Since it's a live recording I had hoped it would feature a little more of their legendary live humor and improvisation. There are a few little bits, but mostly it's just song introductions and then the music.Anybody who has seen them more than once knows that they change up their versions of songs constantly; after more than 10,000 live performances that's probably just a survival mechanism! So these versions of &#34;Orange Blossom Special&#34;, or &#34;Foggy Mountain Breakdown&#34; are different than any of the several I've heard before. Not necessarily a bad thing, but if you're looking for rote performances, this probably isn't for you. Musically, the lone misstep for me was a little too flippant take on &#34;The Devil Went Down to Georgia&#34;, which seemed overly sloppy, and not nearly up to their usual standards.In short, fun music, but not nearly the same as seeing them live.
another musician I was turned on to at the NTIF in March 2013.  This is a bit more country than I typically like, but has a good vocal quality with a slight blend  of Irish flair.
I started with her Summer Skin album and this album, although it has some good tunes on it, isn't as catchy.
I must be setting some sort of record here. This CD was issued in 1977 and I am writing the first review of it in 2011. That's 34 years! Oh well, "Better late than never."First of all I must tell you how I discovered this CD. I wanted to know how many people had recorded the song "All By Myself" so I went on Amazon.com and did a search. I discovered that over 700 people had recorded this song which is a pretty high number even allowing for duplications. I didn't know it then but only subsequently discovered that there have been several songs called "All By Myself": one composed by Irving Berlin in 1921; another by Eric Carmen 1975; and others composed by Fats Domino, Ringo Starr and others. Amazon did not make this distinction but lumped them all together in their list which is probably why the list was so large and why singers like Celine Dion were on the list. I was only interested in the 1921 version by Irving Berlin.As I went down the list one name leaped out at me because it was so incongrouous. I couldn't believe it. Corliss Lamont sings "All By Myself?" Corliss Lamont? Corliss Lamont isn't a singer, he's a philosopher. He's known as the Philosopher of Humanism. He's written books such as "The Illusion of Immortality," "The Philosophy of Humanism,' and intimate portraits of John Dewey and Bertrand Russell, all of which I have in my library. As a member of the Bertrand Russell Society I have encountered his writings many times.Lamont's political views were Marxist and socialist for much of his life, although he never joined the Communist Party. He served as director of the American Civil Liberties Union from 1932 to 1954, and on the National Emergency Civil Liberties Committee, which successfully challenged Senator Joseph McCarthy's senate subcommittee. Lamont was cited for contempt of Congress but an appeals court overturned his indictment in 1956.Lamont was named after his mother. His father was Thomas Lamont who was J. P. Morgan's right hand man. Oh well, you know the old saying "Like Father, Like Son."Finally, he was the grand-uncle of Ned Lamont who beat Joseph Lieberman in the 2006 Democratic primary in Connecticutt (but, unfortunately, not in the general election)."All by Myself" is one of the songs in the album entitled "Corliss Lamont Sings for His Family and Friends a Medley of Favorite Hit Songs from American Musicals." He displays a deep and mellow speaking vice in an "Introduction" but I would have to rate his singing voice as "amateurish" - although he can keep a tune - more or less. But you're not just getting a singer here, you're getting a philosopher, humanist, radical socialist, and antagonist of Joe McCarthy as well. If you find the price of the album ($8.99) a bit hefty you can always opt for individual selections on MP3 at only ninety-nine cents each
I really enjoyed the songs featured and how Mac made many jokes throughout. There is a squealing sound on every track that varies from almost overwhelming to in the background. It sounds like a mic is too close to a speaker.
Interesting collection, but it falls short of its predecessor, if for nothing else than the bewildering inclusion of selections that are not bluegrass at all.  I know John Hartford is known for bluegrass, but &#34;Miss Ferris&#34; has no bluegrass characteristics.  As for Doc Watson's &#34;Sitting On Top Of The World,&#34; it should be classified as folk or even blues, two genres for which SF also does &#34;Classic&#34; anthologies.  While &#34;Sitting&#34; has been done in the bluegrass idiom (by Jimmy Martin, in particular), this version is nothing of the kind, nor is Doc Watson known for playing bluegrass.  Ditto Bob Everhart's &#34;Renegade,&#34; which is straight-up country--even the bass line reminded me of classic Waylon Jennings.Look, I'm no purist, but bluegrass is a genre with clear characteristics and boundaries--probably THE genre with the MOST clear characteristics and boundaries, since it's actually a comparatively young genre, basically created by one man.  For one thing, it's GROUP music, with tight, high harmonies and varied instrumentation, so a solo ditty with a fiddle or a guitar just ain't bluegrass.  It might be GOOD, but it ain't bluegrass, so why is it on this CD?  SF really had so little to choose from?  It makes me wonder how much they know their stuff over there...
I love Bloodshot records, and the Waco Brothers.  However, this album, taking songs from old time &#34;Hillbilly&#34; radio shows of the 30' and 40's, is a little weak on content.  Only &#34;Nine Pound Hammer&#34; by those Waco Brothers, and &#34;Bottom of the Glass&#34; from Whiskeytown are worth repeated listens.  Other songs are interesting, but not memorable.
I liked a recording of &#34;Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing&#34; by this group, so I ordered this album.  I didn't think these songs were as good.The songs feature a female vocalist -- sometimes with a couple of additional female vocalists in harmony -- sometimes with instruments.But, if I didn't rate these songs particularly highly, I must admit that there is something restful and blessed in their simplicity.You can hear snippets of them on Amazon.  Check them out before writing them off.
I bought the CD because of the song I Swear. Great song. But all of the songs are quite similar and to my surprise the other songs are quite religious.  There are at least undertones.  Good musician - sings great but make sure all of the songs are to your taste before you buy the entire album.
Don't get me wrong - these guys are good at what they do.  They certainly have some fine tracks.  But if you are a die hard brown coat you'll be disappointed by some of what they've done.  For example: Hero of Canton isn't done anywhere near as well as the original, in fact my only response when I first listened to it was "Lame".  Additionally, the "Theme song parody" isn't a parody at all - it seems to be just a cover of the theme (nothing wrong with that - but why call it something it aint).Not so much with the shiny.
I love the music generally and I love Ms. Levy's singing, generally, but somehow I felt there was a tenseness in her voice I hadn't heard on my other CD by her, and that tenseness made it hard to listen to for very long.  I found I wasn't going back and replaying it.  I have very sensitive hearing, so it may not be a problem for others, and I'm sorry I can't give a better, more descriptive review.
I first heard the title song, "Leave No Millionaire Behind," on NPR and immediately ordered the album.  The title song leads the album, and sounded even better on a stereo system than it did in my car.  But I was disappointed to hear that the album is sarcastic, angry, and unhappy all the way through.  That made it hard to listen to, when anger is mass media's emotion of the month.  Woodward is a fine lyricist, but I would've appreciated more variety.  The song sequence might work well in a rally but it doesn't bear much repetition.
I wanted pipe and drums, and that's what this is but everything is a medley.  If you want complete songs, avoid this one.  Sound quality is good.
I haven't bought this album and I can't give a real review. But I don't know where else to post a comment for it. The album seems to be what I'm looking for but when I try to sample the songs the samples are so short it's impossible to get any clear idea where they're headed. I think it's a shame and am certain they'd sell if only we could hear more than a few seconds of each song.
The music may be fine, but a FYI here. This is not the Steve Taylor solo christian singer and of Chagall Guevara.
I'm a big fan of Peter Sarstedt and have all available music by him on CD. I'd love to buy this but from where???Having listened to the samples I can say that it has its moments and no doubt will grow on one over time but on first hearing sounds a bit weak compared to, for example England Lane.Now where is the CD???
I was surprised that it wasn't as catchy and worshipful as I had hoped. It may grow on me as I listen more hopefully.
...not uniformly distributed.  Modulo interest in the genre to begin with, there are a few tracks that really sell the album.  Tinker's Wedding, for instance, is a real gem, if you can keep up with it.  Other tracks are bland, and one or two are repetitive even within the norms of Irish folk.  I'd tag Captain Kidd at the bottom of the album in this respect.  Most tracks are somewhere in between, with the inherent musical formula not per se adding to but also not detracting from the character of the lyrics and performance.  At very least the execution is clean and strong throughout, so it will really come down to individual preference.  I would expect listeners to resonate with a few tracks in their own way, but which tracks you'll like may depend on your independent interests and experience.
I don't dislike it as I think that all music has its place.  However, for what I wanted itproved to hectic and lively.  I was looking for something a bit somber.
I really like this band and think the album is solid. BUT the quality of the mp3 version Amazon is distributing is VERY VERY sub par. I have bought a ton of albums without issue from Amazon but this is by far the worse sound quality I have hear since the days of Napster. By the real album if you want it.
The greatest harmonies....beautiful voices.  They should be on a national stage.  Would love to hear them sing all kinds of music styles.
I was trying to finding a CD with the song, Calling All Angels from  the movie, Paying IT Forward... this isn't it or  anything close to it!.
It's an album with Scottish nursery rhymes, mostly unfamiliar to us.Sounds interesting but I don't know how to find the lyrics.Child doesn't care what it is. It's funny music so it works for her.
Some of the songs sound too much like they're being sung by an overenthusiastic playgroup teacher. Others get it just right. It's not our favourite.
Bold Monkey's, "Another Way to Say Human Race," CD is a collection of contemporary folk songs from a singer-songwriter with a keen and well-honed sense of song craft and the voice to put them over. Employing only the sparest of guitar phrasing, Bold Monkey achieves a stripped-down, open mic coffeehouse intimacy to showcase compelling songs full of wry and incisive observations. Recalling the wordplay of an Elvis Costello or Joe Henry on songs such as "If You're Lucky" and "Enlightenment Is In Question," Bold Monkey's Dylan Joshua Edmiston successfully navigates the demands of the nowhere-to-hide song arrangements with a deft touch. On the Dylan-esquely titled, "Navigably Subsequent," comparisons to Costello is also deserved for the constricted and breathy vocal delivery that snakes in and out of light-as-air guitar fills and tastefully understated vibes accompaniment. While "Another Way to Say Human Race" is utterly contemporary in approach and sensibility, Bold Monkey's fine CD nevertheless resonates with the timelessness that true craftsmanship always renders.  Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team
Romanian ensemble AETERNUM was formed at the tail end of the 1990's, with guitarist and composer Claudiu Contiu as the core member and a fluid cast of members otherwise. They released two albums and one DVD before activities winded down, and currently they are in some sort of hiatus I believe. Although that may of course change. "Ancient Beauty" from 2000 was their first release, and while the original version is no longer available to my knowledge, the reworked version from 2008 can be found at most any digital music retailer you can name. And it is this version I have been sent by a good friend so that I could write about it.The name of the game here is old music, medieval style. Folk music, but of a particular character. This isn't the tunes the wandering minstrels would perform at the local pubs and taverns for a meal and a drink back in the day. Or rather, while the compositions as such might be just that they were never performed in these arrangements to the public at large back then. Perhaps with the exception being some major fairs, tournaments and other major events. Instead we're dealing with folk music as I would imagine was played and performed by ensembles and groups to the higher class back in the middle ages. Richly arranged, with chamber music qualities, music of a kind I would suspect might be heard on chosen occasions at castles and manors. If at all, that is.The thing is that medical chamber music most likely is more a fact of medieval fantasy than medieval fact. It is a ploy and sound collage often used in moves and TV-series, but if there ever were actual resources and interest in musical arrangements of this character back in the day I don't know. That's something historians with a special interest in culture will have to answer. But the associations one gets when listening to this music is as described above.In the case of Aeternum the acoustic guitar have replaced the lute though, and the flute and violin possibly much less used than when the songs covered were written, or in some cases where the compositions inspired by de facto medieval music was constructed. I haven't tracked the origins of these songs, so I don't know if they are all creatures of their time or if some are contemporary cultural fantasies.Be that as it may be. Acoustic guitar, hand drums, flute and strings are at the core here, in compositions either melancholic or uplifting in spirit, with a slightly timeless feel to them that will transport the mind of the listener back to the days of yore. Music of the kind that the people behind computer games such as Dragon Age and Elder Scrolls, in a perfect world, should have bought and used as soundtracks for their fantasy worlds, as they would have fitted in perfectly.Medieval chamber music with the heart and soul in folk music rather than classical music is what "Ancient Beauty" is about, and at least partially contemporary rearrangements of ancient material at that. How much of it that is actual medieval music and how much that belong in the realm of medieval fantasy I don't know, but it is a pleasant musical experience, performed excellently by skilled musicians. If you like this type of music this is a band that you should investigate, if you don't then this act won't convince you. But it is a high quality specimen of it's kind.
For the past few years, Gregory Alan Isakov has been making welcome appearances on my Pandora stations. His songs are pleasant, melodic, sad. They make for good, almost sleepy background listening. They are as pleasant as anything you will find on the market, but my criticism is that except for a couple of songs ("Master & A Hound", and maybe "The Moon Song") they aren't much more than pleasant. They don't make me want to put down what I'm doing. They don't make me want to close my eyes. They are just Pleasant.The songs' emotion feels real but restrained. In most songs, he sounds like he's singing out of the back of his throat, with his mouth barely open. I haven't seen him sing, but I suspect that he rarely opens his mouth wide enough to see his teeth. He sounds restrained, hesitant, unwilling to quite come out.With that said, Isakov has shown flashes. Master & A Hound is much better than pleasant, but still has a frustrating current of restraint. The guy is a brick wall away from being really good.
Im just a little dissapointed with the quality of the record, it could have been better made. but the music is still amazing : )
I first heard Gregory Alan Isakov when he opened a show for Josh Ritter in San Francisco, and later listened to live versions of his songs on last.fm.  His music was riveting -- unsettling, urgent, powerful.  So I was quite disappointed to find, after buying this album, that the recorded versions of songs such as &#34;Evelyn&#34; and &#34;Big Black Car&#34; were pale husks of the live versions.  At best, they are pleasant and soothing, without the edge and dramatic power that drew me to Isakov in the first place.  These songs really miss the strong cello accompaniment that Isakov has used in concert.
These days finding a good band is almost a lost cause. I first heard Tread online and i was really pumped to have the album. I wish that it would have been more on the heavy side like the first 2 tracks. The softer/ mellow songs are good, however nothing that really stands out in my mind. I do think that Tread is worth having in anyone's collection.
This cd was good but there newest cd is better. This band has lots of potential I can't wait for there 3rd album.
This is typical Woody Guthrie folk music, not Bluegrass.  If you are into old time folk music it's OK.
Woodie Guthrie is the folk musician that penned "This Land Is Your Land."  This track by Woodie Guthrie sounds like it was recorded by a one-track tape recorder at the live venue.  Awful recording quality.  The song itself is repetitive, lacks meaning.I love folk music, but there are much better choices out there.  Try his son Arlo Guthrie's track "Alice's Restaurant Massacre" for example.
This song isn't too bad for bluegrass music. I would recommend it to anyone into Bluegrass.
Whu Gnu was the first band of Shearwater's Jonathan Meiburg. They never quite decided on a name, going by other names like Kingfisher and Walking Spanish. 'Walking Spanish' seems to be the band's outtakes, whileNaked and Without Teethwas actually self-released as a CD-R sold at shows. It's hard to be sure, as Meiburg seems to want to forget it, and everyone else has moved on.While 'Naked...' purveys (jawdroppingly catchy) '90s alt-rock that is very out of character for Meiburg, Walking Spanish sounds much more like what he would go on to do with Shearwater. Except it's very samey in a way that no Shearwater album has been. (This is still mostly 90s-rock, just less varied than its predecessor. The late-90s R.E.M. influence is very strong here.)The album's standouts, which I'd recommend to anybody who likes Meiburg's vocals, are "Goldenrod," "Ugliness," and "Army Raincoat." They're very solid and worth repeated listening. In more WTF territory, "Secret Chambers of the Masons", with its Jimmy Buffett/mariachi aspects, is a shameful pleasure.It's interesting to hear this material. The album would be less interesting to anybody who's not already a superfan.
It'd be unfair to say that this is a bad album. It's not. It's not even the Glengarry Bhoys' worst effort. It's just not especially good, either. "Forgettable" is probably the best way to describe it, though "boring" and "repetitive" would also work.Sadly, this won't come as a surprise to anyone who has suffered through the bland disappointment of the bands' last several albums. If you're hoping for the energy or novelty of the Gathering or Full Contact, even the hard-rock meets the pub of Exile, look elsewhere. If self indulgent jam sessions like you had on everything post Jice are what work for you, here's a bunch more.
Wore out the cassette tape I got at the Highland games in Lincoln,NH years ago from Alex Beaton who was singing there. Very nice person with wonderful sense of humor.
This recording is really not to my taste, as I discovered after listening to it.  Others may like it.  It's an individual thing.
The lyrics of this song were altered to fit the changed times and Barry's changed political and religious opinions.  You might even say watered down when compared to the original.  It's still a good track, just don't expect the same experience.
I have a great fondness for Alastair McDonald, and he has a huge range of material available; this particular collection is very niche in it's focus, and has to be considered. The lion's share of the music here, as the title explains, is about battles. Which is OK, in moderation, for me. But after your fourth or fifth &#34;An' tha' blood swept forth like a wave o' red,&#34; you pretty much have the genre down. Let me put this into an American Perspective with an alternate track listing:1) Johnny Reb is in Gettysburg2) Set the wagons on Cemetery Hill3) Hold the line, New York4) Advance, Union Cavalry!5) Blood in the Peach Orchard6) Close the Gate, Mighty Maine7) March them forward, Pickett... and fifteen others. Scots, American, or Argentinian, 22 songs about fighting is pretty encompassing.That might work for some people, but it's not going to be a pleaser for those who are looking for a more expansive Scots musical experience. Stick with Alastair - but decide if you need an hour of song about William Wallace and the MacDonalds getting smacked around. Choose wisely for your tastes - obviously, if I could do it all again, I'd have done something less martial.
My overall feeling concerning  &#34;A Hymn Revival&#34; by Lower Lights is that it is too much of an OK thing.  One or two -catchy and clever, more that that -reach for the off button, or at least pause -a very long pause.
Two or three of the songs are very powerful and clever in their delivery. At least two, IMHO, a little bit on the offensive side-- that is too much liberty is taken in jazzing up the tune to the point it made the hymn sound trivialized. The lead singer has an interesting voice-- but sometimes he sounded slightly off to me. My favorite by far is the rendition of Ye Elders of Israel.
While both the good and bad reviews here have valid points, I must insist that it is an artist's divine right to change.  While some may see this changing as a 'selling out' or a 'kowtowing to industry pressure,' it is his right as an artist to do so without the stigma associated with such.I must say; I loved "Underaged Thinking."  It never leaves my iPod.  I loved him in "The Rocker" - Those songs will never leave my iPod either.  But this EP is nothing like either, save for Teddy's voice and clever lyrics.One thing that made UT so good was that the songs were catchy and singable.  This EP doesn't live up to my expectations in that regard.  It's very Vampire Weekendy.  This is not a bad thing, but it will not always 'fit the bill' when I need my Teddy Geiger fix.Also, I agree that he is under-promoted and under-appreciated.  Not much I, as an average Joe, can do about that so I'll digress.Lastly, when you find an artist that you like, go on the journey with them.  Stick with them through good albums and bad.  You never know where you may end up.  One of my other favorite bands in Hanson - While I loved "MMMbop" from their first commercial release, "Middle of Nowhere,"  they have come so far musically and as altruists - the music they are making now is fantastic, and they have grown so much as young men.  Despite some rough times with the record industry, they are still going strong and are one of the top indie bands around.Anyway, give the EP a few listens.  You may not be singing along immediately the first playthrough, but you'll dig it by time 2 or 3.  Enjoy!
I am a Celtic Thunder fan so decided to try some of their solo/duet work.  This is good but not great.
choice of songs.  would rather he sang familiar songs.  wouldn't have bought it if I had known there were no familiar songs
It makes me cry every time I listen to it. I've written to Ryan about it. I also have Keith Harkin's CD and I love it. They are both members of Celtic Thunder and I without doubt love them.
I love Ryan Kelly's voice from Celtic Thunder.  I was disappointed with the choice of the songs.  They were kind of off beat, and I felt that the songs did not show case  the richness of his voice.
Valerie Smith established herself as a bluegrass traditionalist more than a decade ago, and doubles-down on her roots with this six-song EP. As the first album recorded within the walls of the International Bluegrass Music Museum, Smith pays tribute to her musical forbearers with hot picking and tight harmonies. She works with producer and multi-instrumentalist Becky Buller, guitar/mandolin/banjo player Ernie Evans and bassist Rebekah Long, playing and singing in a make shift studio set up in the museum's backroom "cave." The sessions stay true to the music's traditions, adds some blues to the vocal of "Where the Sun Never Shines," and closes on a country note with Merle Travis' "No Vacancy." This is a heartfelt project that twines together Smith's roles as bluegrass musician, evangelist and educator. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
I found Aselin's first album to be charming and likable, but this one is just too country for me. I give it 3 stars because vocally she sounds fine but the music......is not my style.
Buy the album CDs rather than this mp3. Production is not very good; sounds like a demo tape.So that's it.
Too fluffy for me. I listened to some of their music online before buying this CD. I liked that music online; this collection is way (and I mean WAY) too hippy.
Most of the songs I liked, I will preview more before purchasing another album. I like the mp3 downloads. Convenient.
Got to see "Pearl and the Beard" play last night - [...]They opened last night for Ani DiFranco, cool band, like them enough to buy a cd on the spot. They certainly know how to have fun on stage (a trait lacking in so many bands).Emily Hope Price has a set and a half of lungs, hoping she's not overdoing it and can keep up her volume but once you've seen her on stage you are an instant fan.Well worth going to see if they are playing in your area.
I have listened to and really appreciated Josh Garrels for a while now. I am sure there are a lot of Josh's listeners who like all of his music just how it is. I grew up listening to heavy music, but now find I really prefer folk songs and spiritual compositions that are mostly acoustic. Since many of Josh's songs have a surf/rap/beat style, what attracts me to him? First, I got hooked by some acoustic spirituals he did. Second, his lyrical offerings and vocals are so captivating. Some of his songs show some mighty fine material for Christian contemplation and conduct, and I like the way he communicates it all. As on Josh's prior albums, the pieces on this album I could definitely do without are the rap/beat pieces. Actually, when Josh performs live, especially when he is alone or with a couple of other acoustics, all of his music is great. When he is required to take some of these electro- and beat-based songs and must perform them live, in a living-room or coffee-house style, this is where Josh's real talent and ability come forth. I have really wondered if Josh knows how many people would be ministered to if he kept his talents and focus and style, but expressed it all through a real retrograde expression. Not sure whether that is neo, hill-billy, bluegrass, traditional, Appalachian, or something else, but my listening ear believes that Josh's upbeat songs have a bit of CCM feel to them. I don't think that style really expresses his message or persona well. For that reason, I like this album less than any prior album. It had less of what I really liked about Josh Garrels and his music. I know it may suit others just great, I know he has won album of the year with this album, but for me as a listener, it wasn't a move in the right direction. Josh, if you ever put together a live or acoustic work, I will snap it right up. I hope you get radical and return to some of the roots of the music you are playing.When trying to decide a rating for this album, I hovered between 3 and 4 stars, and figured that at least half a star was there because of my appreciation for his prior work. Three and a half is what I really want to give it. Just to be clear about this work compared to his prior work, although all of his albums have some rap/beat on them, I felt I was more easily able to pick and choose or avoid. It is not in every song on this album either, but it felt like it was encroaching on the beauty even more than before. I know it is probably out of the question for Josh, but I would love to hear him bring a few of the Brother Sun, Sister Moon songs into his acoustical style, or even redo the whole soundtrack. My favorite song here is "Farther Along" and a few others make the grade, but I recommend anything prior to this album. Here is one listener hoping his next album doesn't continue in the same direction.
I heard Matteo on NPR as a fusion group, importing Chinese instrumentation and sound into a more western folk element. This much is true and I like the sound.After repeated listening I believe the sound to be more of an instrumental gimmick than a fusion of musical cultures. And the vocals were a hindrance not an asset. The online samples aren't long enough to allow you to hear that most of the tracks are long musical intros followed by singing. I kept hoping there would be some long cosy intrumentals on the album;the songs were to me interruptive and downbeat. I'm not a fan of the singer's voice which I found bland and lacking in energy and too much the same from song to song.This is an album to listen to once, then you've got all you're gonna get.
Patrick's Beard and The Rusty Razors have been together since early 2011, and their debut album includes all Patrick Davis originals with the exception of "St. James Infirmary." They're working with Brolester Records, an independent record label based out of Des Moines, Iowa that is interested in all genres of music. The band has courage to put out their first album with less than nine months under their belts, and the result does have a few instrumental weaknesses and vocal inconsistencies. At the same time, the acoustic Americana/Alt-Country band from Austin, Tx. shows that they have the energy and exuberance to put on a pretty charged-up, hell-raising, and high-stepping show. Perhaps that's why they refer to their musical approach as "drunken house party jamming." While they're not going to win any Grammy Awards yet, I appreciate the downhome spunk and guts of Lucas Vander Weerdt (mandolin), Dannyl Robinson (bass), Patrick Davis (guitar, bass drum), and Dan Wipf (banjo).  Guests include Charlie Formaro (Dobro on 4 songs), Billy Kearney (fiddle on 3 songs), and Erik Brown (trumpet on "St. James Infirmary").The album's title "True Tales of the Human Condition" emphasizes Patrick Davis' desire to be a storyteller who can relate real instances for his experiences inspired by day-to-day life. Take "Underneath a Willow Branch," for example, as his recollection of the special place where he first met a lover. With this amount of original material, it would've been nice if their liner notes (or a referenced website location) would publish Davis' lyrics. "The Son Who Went Before" sets to music a poem written by Patrick Davis' grandfather (presumably for Patrick's father who died in an auto accident at age 27). Perhaps the most intriguing and heartfelt ballad is "Dove of Stone," the same story told from Patrick's perspective. That song appears at track 5 despite the album's liner notes that mistakenly put it track ten. "Mitchellville" also tells the story of the Iowa prison "where women go to pay their dues." A goodtime song about having good times is "Gate City," written when Davis when lived in Burlington, Iowa and would drive to Keokuk to party. You've got like this band's adventurous tastes, even if they still have some work to do to tighten things up in their rowdy, foot-stompin' originals. (Joe Ross, Roots Music Review)
I have seen Carolina Story in concert a handful of times and LOVED their music from the first song I heard them sing. I heard about this new album and wanted to wait to hear it before getting it but eventually gave in without even listening to it (which is a big step for me) because I thought I'd for sure like it. However as I pluggged in my headphones in to listen for the first time I was very sad to hear that the lovely folksy and pleasant sound was horribly overshadowed by steel guitar and other changes to their sound! I know it seems silly but it was like they took something that was perfect and tried turning it into something that it just shouldn't be. If you're a fan of country music you might really enjoy this album. If you're not and you're looking for something that's great and pure folk music this is not where you should be looking. I've listened to it a second time and have overcome the shock enough to admit that there are some good points in certain songs as well as some good songs but this is one purchase I really regret making. I should've bought an older album...EDIT::: Hmm, I'm the only one to review... now I feel bad... it wasn't THAT bad... I'll change it to a 3 star...
I write this review with the utmost respect for Ms Haas's work in Crooked Still and her other solo projects. However, I think it is good to note that &#34;CrissCross&#34; is going to be over the head of most of the audience in love with her earlier folk music projects. Here Haas pairs with Dan Trueman to create an album straddling the line between progressive folk music (think Darol Anger, Republic of Strings) and 20th century classical music. The result is beautiful, challenging, & suggestive but also incredibly abstract. This is an album one has to sit down and listen to (not background music). Good Stuff but heady and not for the casual listener. For someone looking for a more accessible point of access to this style of music, I would suggest Chris Thile and Yo-Yo Ma's &#34;Goat Rodeo Session&#34;.
Elements of Mumfords & Sons and Of Monsters and Men. A little more upbeat and happy sounding. Meaningful lyrics, though sometimes a tad repetitive. The female singer does a great job harmonizing but the male is definitely the more enjoyable sounding out of the two.My favorites of the album:&#34;To the Desert&#34;&#34;Going Home&#34;&#34;Helicopters&#34;Recommended to anyone that is caught up in the contemporary folk/rock wave like I have been, though it won't steal the place of Mumford's and Sons and the likes.
I heard them on the radio and found myself singing their music all day. i love the songs, but the recording is less that amazing. OK, it kinda sucks... and NOT the cool kind of sucks like an old record that's consistently scratchy but deep and dynamic. I can actually hear how it was pieced together from different mics or something. blech. ps, amazon should rule the world.
...But gee whiz, it's not absolutely awful. As a matter of fact, it has kind of a fusion sound, more on the jazz side, but still. I just made this review to be fair to the artist that put this out - he put heart into this.
Doesn't quite live up to the caliber of the first album.  Volume 1 is one of my all-time favorites, but this one is a little disappointing.
Kristy Lee went a little out there with this CD. Somewhere I couldn't get to. I love her voice, however for me, it did not shake my being like the initial CD did. I've tried to listen to it a couple times, but cannot get connected to the songs. I feel kind of left out in cold on this CD. I would really love to hear her voice with an acoustic guitar and not as strained (or trying so hard). Just my own perception.
I've been a big fan of Cheryl Wheeler's work. This set of music, a nice live album, did not live up to what I needed to hear. The songs seem like they were thrown together to justify the talk in between rather than the other way around. I didn't look but they seem short, and not complete. It is a good live set but after a listen or two it's likely you'll put it away instead of listening to it over and over again.
I realize that it's a &#34;live&#34; album but, as much as I love her music, the chatter goes on for too long and is quite political.
I bought this for my granddaughters who also have Kindles, they tell me they enjoyed it!  I previewed it before gifting it to them, and would hardly call it a &#34;Lullaby.&#34;  But overall, it was a nice collection
The lyrics are okay for the most part, but they really hit the bottom with &#34;would you care for my urn&#34; or something like that, just to make the rhyme and fit the theme. But, apart from the goofy lyrics, most of the album is enjoyable and the instrumental work is inventive and fun to listen to. I'm glad that I bought it, and, apart from some of the lyrics, it's a good acoustic, back-to-nature, hippie album of that era. I bought it partially to play for my older brother because he wore his record out. He loved the original &#34;Floating House Band&#34; album. This is re-titled, but I think it is the same album..
Sometimes I can't figure myself out.  I've spent 4 decades turning my nose up at the top 40 of my homeland and yet I can listen to the balkan equivalent all day.  A couple of the turbo-folk in this collection is just so cheesy you have to laugh, listen to it a coupe of time and then delete it from your hard drive before you lose all aesthetic integrity.  But a few are pop genius - &#34;Hej, Tugo Moja&#34;,is the perfect example and the reason I purchased this mp3 album, (watch the video!).  We're talking centuries of musical crossbreeding and evolution suddenly thrown into the air, remixed with the best and worst of contemporary dance, and landing as some of the most entertaining dance pop imaginable.  I can't give it more than 3 stars but it is a great introduction to the genre.
There are a couple of ungodly CCM songs on this album. Beware if you are striving for holiness. 1 Jn 2:15-16  - Do not love the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the father is not in him. For all that is in the world - the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the father but is of the world.
B.Howard's best &#34;Rough Water&#34; done in 2001. On SLB he reworked &#34;San Mateo&#34; & &#34;Many Rivers&#34; similar to &#34;Down on your Knees&#34;from Rough Water album. SLB misses the spontaneity and lightheartedness of RW album, but listenable and enjoyable. Keep it going Benjie...
DD&MD's previous albums (&#34;Victims,...&#34;) came out of nowhere and, almost literally, knocked me off my feet. That CD stayed in constant rotation for months. I was really looking forward to this follow-up and it's pretty good, but not quite up the lofty standard they set with the previous album. Worth the price of the download, though.
The Oh Hellos - Through the Deep, Dark Valley"and I was told there was only one road that leads you home"I've never experienced a single line in a collection of 40 minutes of music, that so quickly set me to rethink the entire collection and listen again.I echo the artist's recommendations.  This is a work to be listened to in its entirety, with no interruptions, in the order as presented.With the sepia-like album cover, we seem to be welcomed into a land reminiscent of lands where mugs of ale are at the end of a long, strenuous journey.  A thirsty traveler with a heavy burden weighs down finds solace at the tavern lit by candles.  The ale may be offered in exchange for a story or two from this weary traveler.  A promise is made, a drink is taken, and the overflowing first sip is wiped with away with a filthy hand.  And away we go...We're dropped into "The Valley" and the listener can quickly see this isn't just a Mumford knock-off.  There's no formulaic foot-pedal thumping drum and a few strings to provide some harmony.  We can quickly see there is a story being told.  This isn't merely a mash-up of enough words to pique the interest of a follower, blended with words to masquerade as music of substance, dashed on top with a catchy riff to be played during a cell phone commercial.  Well, maybe the sequence with the "Ohhhhs" might make it's way onto TV.  The singers swoon to someone here.  And they have one question for that someone: Will you lead me?"Like the Dawn" instantly has me swaying to Maggie's voice as she channels Karin Bergquist from across the country.  This story continues and there's a mention of a "garden" and anyone can see what's happening here. There is a peace here, but it's a peace that isn't free of trouble.  She dissonantly accuses,"and you will surely be the death of me,but how could I have known?"A female Adam send these words out.  Who is the recipient?  Is it the Eve that we haven't heard from or is it that dragon that whispers lies?"Eat You Alive" is spot-on as it brings to life proverbial words of wisdom.  There are two voices calling out from houses to men passing by.  Both voices speak to whoever is "simple" and invite these men to turn to either a house of Folly or that of Wisdom.  The one voice drips with enticing promises that fall short of satisfying with stolen, secret bread.  The other offers Life and an opportunity to learn by yielding, bending to instruction.  This song is heart-wrenching in its accuracy.We follow "Second Child, Restless Child" and "Wishing Well" in the narrative and can see how they could act both as milestones in these siblings' lives or as in the Grand Story we are living in.  I see a brother capable of enough jealousy that leads to blood crying from the ground.  I see a son who squandered what he had and found himself face-first in chunks of a swine's diet.  There's restless running in us all and we'd like to think there's something of worth in that sweet-sounding promise of money-love-sex-work-fillintheblank.  We're about halfway through the story of this brother and sister duo, and to continue my many muddle metaphors, our weary traveler is rested and relaxed enough to hand out stories without any ale payment in return.In this deepest part of the valley, we've experienced stumbling, struggling, striving, learning, and lying. Each song adds layers to the darkness that we didn't think were possible, but are found to be essential.  Layers pile up so we see just how much we aren't capable of fixing this mess that was both an inherited blood mistake as well as daily personal fumblings with no one else to blame.  The trading back and forth of the male and female members of this duo keep us on our toes enough to find our own laments being vocalizedl by a member of the other gender.  When the voices intertwine to see their reflection in the water, we also see our face in that rippled mirror.There exists in humans the ability to turn away.  There might be a feeling of regret or a promise to move to another path.  There is a word for this that may conjure up images of door-to-door people pairings asking if you have time for a chat.  For the kingdom is at hand.  We admit we're  wrong in what we've done and we see we've made mistakes.  There may be fear or relief in this declaration, but what follows is metanoia.  This change of mind that actually steers us towards that sun, behind the castle, out of the valley. One is waiting for the dam to break and with a glance at the tracklist, it would seem the flood will come with "The Truth is a Cave".  Does it though?Does this modern psalmist, this sibling voice that soars through the history of one testament find any relief, rest, or rescue in another?  Just as the referenced Eustace Scrubb could not peel off his own skin to heal himself (and the lion is capable of clawing with a sharpness straight to the heart of pain), this sibling voice may be waiting to pull itself out of the pit, dust itself off, and walk victoriously.  Or worse yet, as has become the custom today, will we be left revelling in the pit itself?  We are becoming very good at leaping across the spectrum from self-righteousness, to the valleypit in need of being lifted out.  We invite others to the pit and compare our dirtiness, size up each other's old scars, share some sad stories, and maybe even strive to one-up about time we've been marinating in the pit.  We lament and we know we've gone astray, but where's the God who does the saving?  When He dressed in the flesh that sweats and bleeds, He took on a name that translates as"the Lord saves".  For us to claim any success with self-saving in the valley is on par with saying we helped out during our birth into this world.  The rescue that comes about in this "Deep, Dark Valley" is in the form of a uniquely found savior.  Does it show up here?"I was young and naive..."The lyrics are all placed in the past, and this voice has found fault in a previous path, and found rest in a newer path.  There was a turn and a change of mind.  But in which direction are we heading?:"...as I was told, so I believedand I was told there's only road that leads you homeand the truth was a cave on the mountainsideand I'd seek it out until the day I diedI was bound and determinedto be the child that you wantedbut I was blind to every sign you left for me to find"Were the teachings seen as lies to these siblings?  Were the references to a way of life that had failed them up until now?  Was this cave a false idol like those of their past?  Or was the cave the actual Truth?It's very easy for me to jump to thinking that the speaker has come to a grand revelation that there are many ways to seek out our ultimate Joy.  Perhaps there are other ways.  Perhaps it's time to move beyond a restrictive tradition that gained a following two-thousand years ago when a guy taught, lived, and died.  Who are we to say there aren't more ways to reach that Light?  Perhaps (as what will be soon proposed by a resounding gong/cymbal/"bell"), we need to entirely rethink how we think of God.When the bombastic drums have passed, we are left with:"I got (was) tired of giving more than you gave to meand I desired a truth I wouldn't have to seek"After all the suffering documented for 30 or so minutes, is the singer still disappointed at receiving less than what he has offered?  Have they found some sort of truth that requires no seeking?  If so, then whatever this cave is, I don't want it, and am having difficulty understanding it.  Does this traveler really think that after traveling in this valley, they have given more than what they have received?  Do this traveler really want a truth that requires no seeking?  If there's a "yes" to these questions, then I'm saddened at the amount of mistakes being made without anyone learning from them.  Hey, that sounds like a good lyric.I have yet to figure out anything about what this cave is.  Is it a cave that held the risen God or some other mysterious cave? Perhaps I am being naive and yearn only for this entire compilation to be flawless and to match entirely my beliefs.  Perhaps I am ready to cast this art into that pile that brings no glory to the One that brought me out of a life of selfish focus.  While I drone on about what may be a speck of dust in these musicians' eyes, this may reveal more about the plank covering my own sight.Now we ascend out of the valley with a reprise of how we got here.  As we make our way out, the weary traveler hoists his burden back to his shoulders, with a quenched thirst.  The stories have been shared and our traveler continues the journey, into the night perhaps.  Has the journey culminated in anything other than a temporary thirst quenched?  Has there been any living hope shared from all of this, or are we left our problem clearly stated with no solution to be found?  Into the darkness we hear the faint wordless whispered hums of the hymn, Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing.  We fill in the gaps:"Prone to wander, Lord I feel it.  Prone to leave the God I love."We've spent these minutes ruminating on this proneness.  It's clear we are fallen, but what I don't see is the promise beyond this valley.  I truly hope this is only the first part of larger compilation that has yet to be revealed by these very talented artists.  I will revisit this collection daily perhaps for the next week.  Parts will speak louder on some days than others.I'm thankful for Maggie and Tyler bringing these songs into the light.  And it is where the light is, where the sun is, that causes us to grow, despite what else we may hear.
Not what I was looking for. My fault though that I didn't spend the time to check it out before I bought it...I wanted it RIGHT NOW...and by the way, that's called &#34;Hedonistic existentialism&#34;. In layman's terms, it's &#34;I want what I want when I want it.&#34;
OK. Balance between voice and guitar off. Too much volume on his instrument. Of course this a personal opinion, and I hate sounding critical about anyone who makes music.
Mp3 quality does not compare well with CD, which I expected.
The record is Chapin for sure but not the best!The vocals are not as good as in other of his releases.
Love peter cooper but as a whole not as complete as previous release. Most tracks are ok but I don't feel there is a stand out track on the album.
Mellow
Both have sweet gentle voices, however, I believe most of the songs chosen needed stronger full voices.  Listening is pleasant, but did not make an impact.
Lyrics are somewhat provincial.