I enjoy listening to Bullock while I read or study. A good variety of instruments and songs. Some get repetitive at times, but I think that goes with the nature of the music.
The song selections reflect great balance of variety played in a style that is both soothing and moving. Just listen to it.
Emerald Rae is the musical director of the Strathspey and Reel Society of New Hampshire, an organization which "seeks to preserve and promote Scottish culture through the playing of traditional Scottish music" (according to its web site).  The music here is grounded in Celtic forms, and performed in small ensembles of 1-3 musicians. It has energy and drive, but because of smaller forces it doesn't have as much intensity as you might find in parts of a recording such as John Cunningham's "Fair Warning." (Not saying that's a disadvantage, just trying to give you some context.)I like this a lot, and I'm glad I have it. I strongly recommend you listen to the samples and judge for yourself.
Billy Hill and the Hillbillies have entertained people at Disneyland for over 20 years. January 6, 2014 they had their final performance there. They are talented musicians who made a lot of people smile over the years. This is a sample of what their live shows were like. It's a solid recording of some of this groups best stuff, including classics and surprises, all done in the same country (bluegrass) style that made them so popular at the Golden Horseshoe or whatever venue they performed there. This is an inexpensive way to enjoy some great memories with some fun music.
Looking for one specifiic title, glad I purchased the whole. Kincaid is clear of voice, emphatic in presentation. You will get a sense of the anger, joy, patriotism for a new country and experience a great artist with time tested material. At 150 years these songs tell a tale of the Irish Experience in the Civil War on both sides.Well worth it
The songs are catchy, emotionally-stirring, and exceptionally well-sung.  I like that he has songs from each side of the Civil War.  Would be worth five stars except for one or two instances of the d-word, which I found unnecessary and distasteful.
The reviewer from the home of The Buckeyes is an idiot. He doesn't even know what band he's reviewing. At least the other guy "suspects" it's not the lame-o "christian" band they want. The Wailers, The Sonics, and other hard rocking bands comprised the First Wave of the Seattle Sound in the 50's & 60's. In the late 70's, New Wave/Pop bands were hitting it big in the Pacific Northwest. The Allies were on the crest of that Wave, along with bands like The Heats(aka The Heaters)Smoke, The CowboysJet City Rockers,  Johnny & The Distractions, Red DressRed Dress, and others. The Allies scored a semi-hit with "Emma Peel", getting plenty of airplay on stations like KYYX-FM and KJET-AM. Check out their page at [...] for more info. BTW, Amazon, the name of the band is The Allies, the album title "Allies". You're in Seattle, you should at least get a hometown band straight. Sheesh!
I like bluegrass music, I have a lot of it in my library. The album was free. The music is good.
A few of the songs on this album are very special.  Whistler's Farewell is a beautiful song, very well written and nicely performed.  The only marks against the album is that some songs don't fit in the general feel of the album, or aren't up the same high quality as the rest.  BTW, I first heard Emerald Rose on Marc Gunn's Renaissance Festival Podcast.  I wish the band the best, and hope to catch them live if they tour the mid-Atlantic area.
I heard ones of the songs on this CD while looking for a different song at a friend's house.  I was intrigued by the mix of rock and the more traditional Irish sound.  Its a pretty catchy CD that I find myself listening too much more often that I thought I would.
Just like 'Man @ Work' a great sounding set of Colin Hay's songs without all the extra production and unnecessary instrumentation.
I saw Alli Collis at Eddie's Attic in Decatur GA on a whim. Man was I blown away! She's such a great songwriter and singer. I just love her sailing references and her amazing voice. Unfortunately, this was the last time she would tour. She and her husband had put everything they had into a cross country tour and didn't get the response they were hoping for. They had decided to go back home and resume their teaching careers. Too bad. I hope they've changed their minds and have found a way to continue. The song "One Blanket" bounces around my head on a regular basis.
Another good album from Billy Strange -- I liked my original vinyl LP and am now enjoying most of the MP3s.
Great virtuoso clarinet work, but it just didn't send me back to the great freilach combo at my cousins Brooklyn wedding.
There are many Jewish styles implemented in this album.  At times things a joyful, sad, and even laughable.  This is music one can work in peace and glide through time.
andy is a great player but the songs are no that great and his playing tone does not create a a totally visionary other world
The CKB's style is much like a classical small combo that has loosened its neckties and lit into a repertoire of folk melodies. The first albumDe Profundiswas a breathtaking display of elegance and musicianship."Warriors", the second release, starts out following in that path but soon seeks to expand or diverge from the first album's more traditional sound. I suppose that might be expected with an act signed to John Zorn's label. But when it comes down to it, setting a heading for somewhere closer to the frontiers of new music here really doesn't so much result in something new; it more resembles film music. Perhaps that was the intent since scoring soundtracks can provide great visibility while also being lucrative.I'm not averse to musical exploration or artists changing their approach as time goes by; it really comes down to whether one finds the new phase of development appealing. The tracks which sound like they could have come from the first album - the first three numbers plus "The Amorous Dance Of The Orchid" - are as sublime as "De Profundis". The closing "Recollections Of The Past" is also engaging. As with the first album, the best tracks tend to run over the seven minute mark and thus are only available when one downloads the album as a whole.The three other tracks - "The Prayer", "Memento Mori", and "The Fortress" - each have portions that are appealing, offset by discordant passages that seem intended to express some concept or feeling. This trend would increase over the CKB's career arc. I find "De Profundis" and "The Warriors" to be the most appealing of the group's five studio albums.Their final release, a live albumRememberancewas issued in 2007. The CKB must have been fond of "The Warriors" because four of the live album's nine tracks draw from this sophomore outing. The CKB is now known as The Bester Quartet. Although they've contributed tracks to compilations, no new CDs have appeared under that moniker so far.
Reflavored traditional songs are turned into propaganda of the various election campaigns. Some pieces from the winners. Some from the losers. This is way too valuable a collection of history to be dismissed or lost.
This is a great collection but it is inferior in many ways to Ocar Brand's other, more recent recordingPresidential Campaign Songs: 1789 - 1996.  That album has a better choice of songs and better production over all.  However it is lacking one of my all time favorites which is included in this recording.Who rules us with an iron rodWho moves at Satan's beck and nodWho heeds not man, who heeds not God?Van Buren!This record is worth purchasing for that alone!So buy it, but then you still should get the other one.
The Chennille Sisters you can understand the words, I enjoy the harmony, and the rhyming of the verses. they have a unique style
Got this as a quick download to have some theme music for my son's Army theme birthday party. My wife and I were reliving our US Army memories and those runs down Long Street at Ft. Bragg.
I bought this to see if it could help me over a plateau in my pace. Boy did it! I'd look down at my Garmin and see I was going way too fast for the distance I had left. This did improve my event times considerably as I continued to use it in training. Some of the transitions between tracks are a bit abrupt but I can live with that.
I have this album on vinyl that I bought in the 70's, so I decided it was time to add this to my MP3 collection.  With the exception of Hard Travelin' and Oregon Trail, the other songs are not found on the Asch Recordings.  My only complaint is that is sounds like they recorded this directly from a vinyl record and does not have as good of a sound quality as the Asch recordings. Yes, I realize these recordings are extremely old, but a little clean-up would have been nice.  Woody and gang gets 6 stars, the remastering or lack of, gets 4.
I remember listing to the LP version of this concert. It was excellent then and the CD version s excellent now. It is one of Pete Seeger's best performances. Sonny Terry is an authentic partner in the conert providing convincingly authentic performances. Seeger's banjo and five-string guitar palying are, alone, well worth the cost of the CD. The sound quality is excellent. ThereThis should be a real classic in American folk music. My CD came with no liner notes -a rude, shameful and careless omission for such a supurb recording. Luckily, I have a copy of the LP, so I can use the liner notes in the Folkways record jacket.
Let it be known that a 1st person shooter video game contained the beautiful music of Elizabeth Cotton, and after hearing Sugaree in the game immediately came looking for more of her music. A wonderful album, and of music that I wouldn't normally search out.
Before Judy Collins and Joan Baez, Carolyn Hester's beautiful voice was nearly legendary.  Texas twang and beautiful voice singing songs before the explosion of songwriting talent of the '60s.
Having lived in Chicago and cut my resurgent country teeth there, this brings back so many good memories I can't listen to it without smiling from ear to ear. Add to that the quality of the music and you just can't go wrong.
I am not a country fan, and yet I found that I liked this CD instantly.  The music is fun and certainly breaks the limits of traditional country and the country flavored pop that is now called country.  There are groups on this CD that I have never heard of, and perhaps that is all to the better because these groups are talented and unfettered.  At first listen the music on this CD sounds like traditional bluegrass flavored country.  However, you quickly realize that the words used in many of the lyrics are frequently the type of colorful words that are better suited to a bar or a hockey game than a casual family listen.  Other than the occasional use of four letter words, my initial assessment was that this music sounds like country if The Grateful Dead were going to play country.  Of course, such generalizations are easy but are typically inaccurate.Songs with a faster boogie woogie rhythm include "Way Out West" by Moonshine Willy and "Cigarette State" by Robby Fulks.  There are also songs with a stronger rock influence, such as "Over the Cliff" by Jon Langford's Hillbilly Lovechild and a rock `n' roll sounding "Rockin' Spot" by The Sundowners.There are songs with a bluegrass sound, though sometimes the lyrics are bizarre, like "Tragic Woman" by the Swollen Spleens, "Drunk Friend" by Freakwater, and "Doghouse" by Church Key.  Blues songs are in yet another category, like "Cry Baby" by Wink O'Bannon, "That Truck" by The Texas Rubies, and "You Don't Know What Lonesome Is" by The Sundowners.There are quite a few songs that sound like classic country, for example "Every Kinda Everything" by the Bottle Rockets, "Moving Furniture Around," a very funny song by The Handsome Family, "If She Wasn't on Blocks," another funny song by The New Duncan Imperials, "Suburbia" by The Riptones, "Sucker for a Trucker" by Milly & the Sequins, which also has a rather risqu&eacute; portion, and "Hole in the Ground" by Iggy Yoakum & His Famous Pogo Ponies.  There is even a country flavored instrumental, "Flannel Boogie" by The Flannel Tubs.It is difficult to categorize this music because it is so different from any country that I have previously heard.  It is not traditional country because of the irreverent lyrics.  Certainly it is not rock because of the country style and beat.  There is a lot of humor in many of the songs.  There are also a number of words unsuitable for many family members.  Indeed, this music may be better suited for a rowdy bar than for your home.  The style is frequently classic, and yet it is classic with strong lyrical influences from rock music.The cover of the CD has a line that states, "A Compilation of Insurgent Chicago Country."  I really do not know what that line means, but somehow it fits and I think it says it all.
I like this song especially the lyrics. It seems wholesome and something society as an axiom needs to return to and not the exception. When I first heard this song however I could have swore it was mostly guitar with no back up vocals or piano or drums. This version seems a little too polished and not in the spirit of the "simple and the plain" this song seems to be advocating. I'd love to be able to find that original version or have one recorded that is a little more down to earth.
Folk is a word that is cast forth like a line in the sand.This type of music existed before people boarded onto ships in Europe and Africa hundreds of years ago and set sail for America. Rememberance of other lands and the stories told there were brought over to this new land and since  have been adapted and morphed into every form of American music that was born from their roots.English, Scottish and Irish traditions are brought forth by Al Stewart and Richard Thompson. Down and dirty blues is in the bloodstream of the great Taj Mahal and Richie Havens is singing of protest and points towards a better direction.  Country joy is pure and clear when John Hartford plays his banjo and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band teaches us the proper way to go fishin, (In The Dark!)  Bill Morrissey, brings on some wonderful wit and common sense. The Delevantes are brothers that sing like a mountain spring that casts cool clear water that never stops flowing and bringing joy to all that are lucky enough to enjoy a drink from their waters.Steve Forbert, has sledgehammer attack to an acoustic guitar and a great punky rasp that brings it all full circle as nothing here is dated or forced. Holly Near, displays a big vocal range as she soars over some tasty jazz piano and Ms. Near closes down this disc in fine style as this one is over way too soon.This is a great, great sampler that brings some true joy.Four & 1/2 Stars!
So you search for "Phnix" on Google. &iquest;&iquest; Don't you despise how the Google folks suppose you really wanted information about a city in Arizona ??What makes this album special are the tunes composed by Katja Mikkelsen (flute/recorder). This album had no singer, but Katja takes the lead on songs like Ubeslutsomme (Indecisive). Wish she had stayed with the band for a few more albums.
GREAT RENDITIONS OF SONGS THAT DEFINED THE CULTURE OF  THE TIMES!!!!! A PLEASURE TO LISTEN TO AND KINDA RELIVE THOSE MAGICAL TIMES.OF MY YOUTH. RON
Not only does this have some old favorites such as the Jedi Drinking Song, but it has my absolute favorite, Frog Kissin'! There are songs for my every mood. Playful, sweet, geeky, romantic, they have it all.
I enjoy this album. It is reminiscent of Heather Dale, and I at first thought it was, which is why I purchased it in the first place. However, in its own right, Midsummer is a nice album to listen to. It also invokes past eras, but it is more conducive to images of going to a Renaissance Faire. I love it. It is lighthearted and I enjoy being part of this &#34;bard's&#34; journey as many of the songs remind me of the bards or ancient days who told their tales through music and song.
Another LP that I wore down is now available for instant download. Excellent. I sincerely recommend giving this one a try. Their combination of instruments, styles, and choice of songs combine to create a truly wonderful set of moods and influences.
I'm not an aficionado but I really enjoy this, my first Norman Blake CD. Each track in this large set is enjoyable. Its a lot of great music for the money.
I was delighted to find this couple's music available for instant download, as the cassette tape (that's 1970's technology for those too young to remember them) wore out years ago. The combination of harp and hammered dulcimer work perfectly, and the atmosphere these two musicians create is beautiful. This album of theirs in particular is amazing.
If you are a fan of IIIrd Time Out, particularly their live shows you will find this record true to form.
Her voice is beautiful and the music is very pleasing.  While I do like this album, I would have preferred some upbeat music with the slower songs.
I've listened for a quarter of a century. His music gives me peace!He presents the music of the Northeast, both the sea and the land, and brings love with it.
I use this CD to accompany my celtic fiddling.  It's a great way to learn reels and jigs SLOWLY at first in order to develop proper technique and familiarize yourself with the songs.  My only gripe is that the Bodhran is a bit overbearing ( even though it does help keep the beat alive) and annoying at times and that's why I gave it four stars instead of five.  Otherwise, the guitar is fine.  It's not a recording that I would recommend for everyone's general listening unless you love celtic music or want to learn songs.
"Sands of the Shore" is my first experience hearing Cameron, who describes herself as a balladeer.  I wouldn't dispute that title at all and I will be looking for more of her music in the future.  The CD is pure, simple pleasure to listen to.  If you enjoy Kate Rusby, Cathie Ryan, or Connie Dover's lovely soprano, you should add this CD to your collection.This 17-song compilation is a mix of Traditionals from Scottish, English, American and Canadian folk classics.  Her choices are not among the most commonly covered songs, In the Month of January,  I Have Four Brothers, and Tamlin are the only songs I've heard often from other artists. Most of the songs are a cappella with Ms. Cameron offering the melody with a joining chorus.  Instrumentation is simple and acoustic.Three of the songs: Kate's Ballad, Lament of a Miner's Wife, and Branwyn's Pleasure, were written by Cameron. Kate's Ballad tells the tale of a woman who lived alone ending up beguiled by a man with a silvery tongue.  Lament of a Miner's Wife  details the life of a couple when the husband goes on strike and the ultimate cost. Branwyn's Pleasure is a joyous instrumental that's a great day brightener.Rebecca Kyle, November 2008
This album about sorting out childhood trauma and getting over it really got me thinking about my own life. I love the happy song at the end!
It's not very "traditional," but I enjoy it sometimes for casual listening. There is definitely an Irish touch to the whole album with a few trad tunes interspersed here and there. If you like O' Raghallaigh's fiddling style, which I do, a lot, this album with give you listening pleasure for sure!
S'u and Sof Davar are real catchy, they quickly became top-played songs in my music library. I don't find the English tracks on this CD that interesting, but the rest of the tracks are good. If you like Europop or World music you should try listening to Turn It Around.But be aware there is a glitch in the mp3 version of Sof Davar. Amazon refunded my purchase for that song, and said they would work on fixing it. A few months later I inquired and was told the song had been fixed, so I bought it again... but it's not fixed. The song time has simply changed by a second or two. *sigh* (Though, I must say, Amazon service has been excellent regarding the issue.)I originally purchased the song on iTunes and bought on Amazon hoping their version wouldn't be flawed, by I find both my preferred outlets the same. I wonder if it is a flaw on the original CD? (I will try that next.)Aside from the glitch, this is great music, I recommend it.Update '13:I purchased the CD itself, and *triumph* Sof Davar does not have a glitch. So I definitely recommend buying the physical CD, NOT the mp3 album.
This was bought for a pioneer reenactment and the music was just perfect for our needs.  The styles are perfect and enjoyable
I listen to a lot of "trop-rock" artists and have just recently started focusing on Brent Burns' music.  This is a great album.  It makes me want to sit at a beach bar, have a few drinks, and enjoy the atmosphere.  If you love Buffett and Buffett-like music, you'll enjoy this.
"Will There be a Tomorrow" is a real classic: a reminder of the pilots who have come and gone before us, and a good tune to boot.
First learned about them from the JD comercial. I really liked their sound and was glad to find it online. The entire album is solid. Holding back one star for not being longer!
It has been 16 years since I have heard anything new from the masterful Vinnie James. Yes, it's been a long wait... and probably worth it.My first exposure to him was as an opening act (and who pays attention to those?) Fact is, though, he absolutely blew me away. This guy was, I thought, the next great star on the horizon. "Opening act" that he was, I felt he should be headlining ANY bill.That was in 1991, the year Vinnie released ALL AMERCAN BOY, one of the best albums I have EVER heard. (As I write this review, only 6 people have written reviews for that album on Amazon.com... but EVERY SINGLE ONE of them (including my own) is a 5-out-of-5-star super-positive rating.)So... The question is... Is THIS album that good?The quick and flippant answer is, "C'mon - what is?"And yet...Vinnie has come through.Are there flaws with this new album? Sure. Mostly, any faults I find are where Vinnie has resorted to clever recording techniques rather than simply relying on his greatest assets, his voice and his fine guitar work.For instance, a jarring echoing chant opens the album on "Lose the I" - this same chant plays MUCH better/smoother on the outro to the song. The opening is so harsh, and so un-Vinnie-like, that I personally would have tucked this track well into the body of the album, say around track 5 or 6. Or mellowed it out a bit, similar to the way the song ends.Another trick is an "AM-sound" reverb reminiscent of some Pink Floyd tracks on "Queen of the Dance." It doesn't stop the song from being absolutely great, but it also isn't NECESSARY to make it great. Same is true for the rainstorm effect that opens "Children of the Garden of Eden.)A children's choir opens and rejoins "Mister How Big is the World." It WORKS with the song okay, and maybe it's just me, but children added to ANY track on ANY album seems cutesy, contrived and winds up subtracting from the song, rather than adding something.Not so much a recording trick as simply a fact of local influences (not that this is a bad thing), a huge Irish whistle/ bagpipe sound features on "County Line." There's a little Celtic sound to "Queen of the Dance" and even some of the guitar in "Homeless Man." (Welcome to recording in Glasgow.)But enough of the minor complaints... Some BIG pluses outweigh any little negatives:*Tight engineering and mixing, keeping background singers at just the right levels, good solid bass and drum lines that have power but never overpower.*Virtuosity - Vinnie plays EVERY instrument on the album except the bagpipe and whistles. He is accomplished on guitar (bonus points for the clever interplay of acoustic and electric guitars on "Summertime!"), bass, piano, organ, drums (and other percussion instruments), and the harmonica. He also wrote and arranged all the songs, and self-produced the album.*Cool almost-hip-hop funk groove/ sax, and unusual voice-synth thrown over "Save the World." "Save the World" was initially released to the world via the promo market, as the "track to push" for the RCA album, ANTIGUA, which was shelved by the company and has never seen the light of day. The RCA take was a more "smooth-jazz" version. The new edit here shows a heavy-duty maturity and confidence. This privately-produced version seems more like what Vinnie had in mind when he wrote the song - way more solid, forceful and memorable.*Great lyrics that always seem to get across not only the story, but Vinnie's positive outlook on life.*And, MAN - that voice! I swear, he could sing his ABC's - y'know, the way you learn in gradeschool - and it would come off sounding lush, mellow, and perfect. Jersey Shore sound like you've never heard. This isn't Bruce Springsteen or Bon Jovi. It's better than all that (and I LIKE Bruce and Jon.) This album comes off more like Van Morrison songs as recorded by Otis Redding (if you can picture that!) Even that, though, isn't an accurate description... mostly because Vinnie sounds like absolutely NO ONE you've ever heard before. I don't know if it's his AmerInd/African-American heritage or just a step up the folk-rock road no one else has taken yet, but his is a true one-of-a-kind voice - soulful, passionate, and soaked in righteous, heartfelt power.Standout tracks:Queen of the DanceSave The WorldCounty LineSummertimeHello Angel (especially reminiscent of some of the best of ALL AMERICAN BOY.)(No, "Summertime" is not a cover of the song you know. Neither is "Everlasting Love." All of the songs on the album were written by Vinnie.)Okay, so this is not a PERFECT album (although I gotta say his 1991 release, ALL AMERICAN BOY is d*mn near what I'd call perfect.) But even with its (very) few flaws, ANY album by Vinnie is sure to stand head-and-shoulders above all but the VERY BEST things we get force-fed through mainstream media. This album is almost certainly better than anything you might be listening to right this minute. It is both a great blessing to have a new set of songs from this underrated master, and a criminal shame that so few "music fans" are paying attention. I would solidly give this album 4 stars out of 5... maybe even 4.5. What are you waiting for? Go buy a copy!
I was in high school during the '60s when folk music was at its peak and it had a huge influence on me. I bought every Peter, Paul and Mary album plus a couple from the Kingston Trio and the Chad Mitchell Trio but my budget didn't allow much more. I don't recall The Tarriers from that time period, but they probably came and went before my interest developed. I first heard them on one of the online folk channels and loved their sound. I just downloaded this album a few days ago and have only listened to it a few times, but I am sure it will get constant play. They have a good sound, with voices that blend well. There is a good energy behind them as well. Part of the album was recorded live at a concert in Paris, but if you don't care for patter in between songs there is not a lot of it as their French seems about as extensive as mine. There are some classic folk songs on here like The Rock Island Line and spirituals like Shadrach. Whether you are new to folk music or a collector like me trying to broaden your collection, I think you will find this album a great addition to your music library.
love to hear the sounds  of the insterments and can work right along with the music .  Takes me back to the country.
E. L. Kurtz does a wonderful job of recreating music of America as it probably sounded during the mid eighteenth century.Some of the arrangements are unusual. Katy Cruel, which was a popular marching tune in the British Army and is still de rigueur for US Army military bands is performed in as an upbeat tune. His inclusion of two hymns, Jesus Lover of My Soul and I Will Arise, gives an nod to the importance of religion on a frontier then in the throes of the Great Awakening.From my point of view the weakness is the overly theatrical arrangement of The British Grenadiers and Yankee Doodle. The original song, The Hair Buyer, is very well done and but for one or two anachronisms could easily pass for a period ballad.
I've been a fan of Heather Alexander's music for a number of years, and was crushed when I couldn't find this CD to rip it to my mp3 player.  I found "A Gypsy's Home" and "Festival Wind" asmp3 downloads, and quickly downloaded it to my collection.  I've spent many hours singing along with all her music, and own a majority of her albums.
I first heard these chaps in a local pup in San Diego, called the Patriot Game and they had me at the first set!I couldnt buy the album fast enough, and when it warped (as vynil tends to do) I scoured the earth to get a replacement copy.  The music is great, their performances are pure for a folk lover like myself; and i still sing their praises anytime I get the chance.  What I wouldn't give to see them back together again.From Chicago Nights, to Carickfergus you wont be disapointed.  Now that I can download the entire album, damm IM gonna be blaring these for a long time to come back and forth to work...  Who says you cant go back - this album is worth every penny of the cost even if we where talking 1980 dolloars!
I loved Bachue Cafe and was not disappointed in this. It has a simple clear sound with interesting musical construction.
She has a really pleasant voice which is in just the right range for my daughter and I to sing along.  I really like her choice of songs.  I wish there was a downloadable booklet for the words.
Trouz Bras is primarily a dance band that plays the music of Brittany, the Celtic region of France, but the players in the group have a broad background, and this CD reflects that. Bodhran player Mance Grady's contributions are Irish, and the Halls' pieces have an early-music feel reflecting their independent work. Trouz Bras cuts and Ray Price's songs are the heart of the band's identity, I think, which is Breton. The band has appeared live, mainly in New England, in various configurations, mainly for dancers, whom leader Ray Price instructs in the traditional dances of Brittany. An interesting group, in that it is based in America, yet represents a musical tradition almost never heard there. The music is all first rate -- this would be a five-star review but for the lack of a singe focus across the CD. As a sampler, or downloading individual songs to your taste, you're unlikely to go wrong with it.
To describe them in simple terms, you could say they are a Scots Trad fusion band, but there is nothing simple about their music or their debut recording. At the forefront is singer/songwriter Ruth Lee Martin, who sings in Gaelic and English. Joining Ruth are guitarist Bill Grose and double-bass player Bill Williams, along with newcomers Ed Rodrigues on percussion and Catherine Fraser, who is considered one of Australia's finest Scottish fiddlers. While the majority of 35 Degrees South is primarily traditional material, including a number of Gaelic songs written by Scottish immigrants in Australia, their delivery is fresh and vibrant. I really love when artists give traditional material new interpretations, rather than just repeating it. Eilean M&ograve;r is not afraid to infuse the music with jazz, blues, and other contemporary styles. "Can Ye Sew Cushions"  is a fantastic example of the marriage between traditional and contemporary and is definitely the stand out track on this album.
Just as strong and vibrant as the Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem were in their early days. This is a great collection of songs newer and old.
One thing I have a passion for is Celtic music.  And this lady is one of my favorites.  Not everyone likes or has even heard of Celtic music.  Not for everyone, I guess.
I listen to XM Radio while working at my pc, thanks to a Google add-on. Saturday mornings the mid-teen channels play a nice mix of country, folk, blues, and out-there stuff. I heard "Risk of a Roar" and clicked the "See this Star on Amazon" button because I heard a cross between Nancy Griffith and Joni Mitchell in Ms. Miller's clear voice. I played it again, then bought the MP3 album. The lyrics are smart and neat, and the music is the kind that sticks in my head. I'm happy to have caught, by chance, this artist.
Easy to listen to this music.  The melody encourages humming along.The price is very reasonable. Instant download is fast and convenient.
Mark Sherman is a pretty well known humorist (and retired psych professor) in New York State's Mid-Hudson Valley region.  It's nice to see his CD available to a national market, although it's doubtful he'll generate mucho sales beyond the area. For one thing, when your opening track is called &#34;New Paltz Blues&#34;--when only a very few people BEYOND New York State (and maybe even not all that many IN New York State) have ever even heard of that burg--you may find that you're limiting yourself to local sales.  On the other hand, I'm guessing that's pretty much what Prof. Sherman expected, and whatever out-of-state sales he actually picks up is so much gravy.Sherman taught as SUNY New Paltz for four decades, so it's somewhat natural that he'd pen an ode to his current &#34;home town.&#34;  Just as logical is the fact that several of his other tunes,  including the title track, have to do with teaching and/or psychology.  Most are quite amusing, and clearly the audience at the live event at which this was recorded is having a real good time.  Of course, the recording might be a different story--and kinda is.  The lengthy stage banter (not nearly as witty as the songs) drags things down a tad and does not really encourage multiple listenings.Still Mark Sherman is a funny enough guy, and while some of his material and stage patter evokes, say, early 70s Woody Allen, he is able to carve out a comic identity for himself--to say nothing of a musical one.  I haven't heard much about Mark in recent years.  I hope he's still writing and performing.  I'd go see him again if he came to a town near me.
andrew dice clay meets phil ochs. hey, listen to it after a few beers. if not, i'll hit ya in the head, i'll hit ya...
Humanwine's second full-length album is absolutely amazing.  Their sound is unlike any other band out there: a potent cocktail mixing elements of rock, folk, vaudeville and world music in a burnished bronze shaker to be poured into battered tin cups and sipped in strange enclaves while the world outside burns.This is indeed a soundtrack for a pre-apocalyptic world, preparing us for the darkest potential end of our current projectory while instilling the listener with hope. I challenge you to listen to "Pique" and NOT take stock of how you would fare in a post-consumeristic society.The UnEntitled States of Hysteria, Fighting Naked, Pique, Script Language and Rivolta Silenziosa are all highlights, but the album works best as an album listened to in its entirety, immersing you in its strangely cinematic world.
I love this CD so much that I acctually bought it twice.  One hard copy (which I have misplaced)  and one mp3 copy.  The songs are quite bouncy and lift my mood every time I listen to it.
Saw this group last summer and loved them -- have really enjoyed listening, and even dancing with my kids a bit!
Jacob Moon is someone who with the right promotion could easily become the next Adult Contemporary radio star. The guy is just wickedly talented on the guitar and is highly entertaining. The Loop is without a doubt worth your dollar.
Singer/songwriter Steve Erwin exacts a quiet influence on those around him.  With an operatic voice and a detailed-oriented style of song craft, Erwin made himself a staple of the Washington D. C. music scene.  Back in 2006, Erwin released Was It Like This, a debut album that was re-released in 2008 with bonus tracks.  Erwin's songwriting and voice are certain to capture your attention, and the guitar work of no less than Danny Gatton in support helps to push a good-bordering-on-great album over the edge.Was It Like This opens with "Sweet Boy," a solid story-teller song built in a m&eacute;nage of blues, country and roots rock.  Erwin fills the song with inflection and energy with a voice that makes you want to keep listening.  "Oh, Howard" blends murder, intrigue and the depths of alcoholism into a story about a mentor gone on the lam; an entertaining turn that truly displays Erwin's talent for detail-oriented song craft.  "In Fall" is a work of art.  Erwin's quiet song of remembrance is enhanced by Gatton, who fills and frolics in subtly magical measure.  "Walkin' This Road" is great bluesy-folk with a gospel tinge and R&B; backbeat, and is an entertaining tune with a one-day-at-a-time theme that is highly entertaining."Uncomplicated Love" is a classic Christmas-themed ballad that's lovelorn and weary yet hopeful all at once.  Erwin bemoans his search for a love that's built on the basics.  The songwriting here is so classic in style you'll swear it must be a cover.  "Born A Tourist" is a nine-minute blues/rock guitar clinic in the form of a song.  Starting in slow dynamic turns, Erwin and Gatton take listeners to frenetic heights before setting you gently back on earth again.  Particularly if you yourself play guitar, this song on its own makes the album worth checking out.Steve Erwin does a lot of things right on Was It Like This.  His voice, within his comfortable range, is very much worth spending some time with.  Erwin also has distinctive skill as a songwriter and storyteller, showing an attention to detail in his lyrics that is rare and even harder to make work well within the structure of a song.  The addition of Danny Gatton's guitar work is a boon as well.  Gatton dashes and dances between Erwin's melody lines with a flair that's legendary, illuminating the songs with rhythms, sounds and fills that turn great songwriting into works of art.-Wildy Haskell
I enjoy going to Ren Fairss and other gatherings that try to bring some of the past back to life.  I discovered this music through that and eventually went out of my way to find this CD and others.The music here is fun.  Some of the songs are well known classics, but others I had not heard before discovering this CD.  IT's all performed with a lot of cheer, and its clear that the women singing are having a good time and enjoying the songs.Good fun and reminds me that I want to get to the Ren Faire this spring.
Since this was recommended by Chief TWiT Leo Laporte, how can you go wrong? If you've every been to a state or large county fair, you'll love these songs. They will be "earwigged" in my head as I wander the LA County Fair next month. It's like deep-fried goodness set to music.
Love their more recent music. Daughters of Erin is good but Story Girl is great. Look forward to their next release.
an awesome albulm would but more of Three tall pines' music. I absolutley love stone walls and stillhouse rd. A must have
I've had this album for years and it's been a go-to when I need an Irish rebel music fix.All good stories, told/sung pretty well."Broad Black Brimmer" is a favourite, and one I didn't know until discovering this cd."Galipoli" and "Grace" are just bloody heartbreaking.The cd (printing that I have) lacks liner notes, so it might not satisfy history buffs who might not be familiar with the music.But the music's the important thing and this is a fun album with a great collection of songs, with a lot of variety, and humour within the blood & guts, the politics, and the tears.
At 14 tracks and a little over 50 minutes, Andrew Eversole's "Creature" really gives you your money's worth. Overall, the engineering is a very good quality--only one notable song (Track 11) gave me problems with music overmodulating vocals.For the most part, the sound is traditional bluegrass particularly 10 "Old Joe Clark" and 14 "Katy Hill", but there's a progressive or experimental element in some of the selections that may not appeal to some old school bluegrass fans.5.  "Red Blues" has a lovely Latino flair with a red-hot whining fiddle backing.11. "Amerika The Beautiful" isn't quite what I expected with its eerie spoken word addition, but I like it.  My only wish was that the spoken word was a bit louder, because I had to crank up the volume to hear them. Sarah Strable follows with the correct vocals for the song, but the instrumentation gives us an idea of what the shape our country is in.13. "The History of Man" is a funky, jazz number with a whole lot of varying sound effects from African to outerspace.If you are a traditional bluegrass fan, listen to the cuts and pick the ones that you're going to like.  For those of us who like different, I suspect like me you are going to like the whole CD.Rebecca Kyle, July 2008
This is a great album of country rock tunes. Reminds me of the Byrds, Neil Young, Jayhawks type music. I guess you could say its nothing ground breaking, but its an album that is easy to listen to all the way through. Short disc, but every song is good
This is a skillful presentation of works for the hammered dulcimer. I have thoroughly appreciated and enjoyed this skillful work.
For those who had the joy of experience Two Nice Girls music back in the late '80s and early '90s, Gretchen Phillips is a long, long, long-missed voice. After Two Nice Girls abrupt dissolution, fans (like me) were left wondering if Phillips would ever record again. I've looked and looked and until last week, only found the odd EP that didn't come close to fulfilling the TNG-level brilliance. "I Was Just Comforting Her" is a return worth celebrating (and buying, folks, please). Phillips' voice is fantastic, the lyrics are clever, touching and insightful, and the arrangements are indie rock at its very best. And while I know the gay community probably takes great pride in Phillips, it simply doesn't matter who you make love to - this album is good times way overdue. Hopefully we don't have to wait so long for the next one.
SKRUK is my favorite vocal choirs on the planet, and this is an excellent undertaking by them.  It's somewhat experimental, in the collaboration with the Moscow Balalaika Quartet and all, and the quality from song to song suffers accordingly.  Pieces sung exclusively by SKRUK are exquisite, especially Tre Sma Kongar and the heart-breaking lullaby Himmel-onge ("child of heaven").  Others, led by the balalaikas or the soloist, I'm just as glad to see the end of.SKRUK's command of their individual and blended voices is phenomenal, and their conductor has a perfect ear for balance and intonation.  The publisher, KKV, has a well-earned reputation for impeccable high-fidelity recordings--the "presence" is amazing.As a final note, when you listen to this album make sure you have speakers with a good bass response--those big Norwegian men hit some notes that'll rattle your fillings.
Mighty fine pickin and singin ! There are only a handful of songs on this cd,and that is the only problem I have with it. Cold Rain is mournful and very thoughtful. If The Whiskey Don't Kill brings a smirk and giggle. This is not the same sound your going to get on mainstream radio now. THis sound is grittier and NOT from a can.
Cahalen Morrison and Eli West might be my favorite musical duo around today.  However, this is Cahalen's first solo album, from 2008, and fans of Cahalen & Eli might be surprised by the sound.  Cahalen lists Tim O'Brien and Kelly Joe Phelps as his primary inspirations, and while Cahalen & Eli's albums are clearly within the tradition of Tim O'Brien & Darrell Scott's work together, this album is pretty much straight-forward Kelly Joe Phelps-type stuff.  Fans of Cahalen & Eli may think of Cahalen as primarily a clawhammer banjo and mandolin player, but this album showcases his nimble fingerpicking and lap-style slide work in a straight-forward folk-blues context.  Even Cahalen's voice has the "whiskey-soaked" appeal of Kelly Joe Phelps, although somewhat more rural and visceral.  Therein lies the factor that keeps this album from being a classic-- it is SO closely related to Kelly Joe Phelps' signature sound that Cahalen doesn't showcase his potential for originality as much has he does on later recordings.  Cahalen is not a slavish imitator.  His timing is always "off" is just the right way, and the feel of the album is intimate.  However, it is odd to hear this album in the context of his recordings with Eli West, which aren't even the same genre.  Cahalen can play folk-blues as well as anyone, and his guitar playing is rock-solid.  However, it wasn't until Eli came along that Cahalen found his voice as a unique genius.  By the way, I mean "voice" in both the literal and metaphorical sense.  Cahalen's voice has developed more of an Appalachian twang since this album came along, and while technically not his natural speaking voice, it suits his tone perfectly.  Bottom line:  Cahalen Morrison is a genius who can do everything.  If you want to hear what he sounded like during his Kelly Joe Phelps phase, this is it, but his best work was yet to come, and by "best," I mean jaw-dropping, mind-boggling brilliance.
excellent wordsmithing and easy listening talented artists.but you will need a magnifier to read the lyrics on the insets.
I'm not the target audience for this band; I picked up the disc used when I saw Courtney Kaiser (of Kaiser Cartel) is on background vocals. She's not really audible though, and I didn't care for the Bob Segar-like vocals ("Against the Wind") of the lead singer. But I don't want to bring down the ratings average just because I didn't hear enough Courtney Kaiser, so I'll give it a four stars.
"Live At the House of Sin" is an incredible collaboration between English singer/songwriter Phil Shoenfelt and Czech violinist and guitarist Pavel Cingl.  Recorded live at the Nova Sin club in Prague, this album features digs into the Shoenfelt songbook and features Shoenfelt on acoustic guitar and lead vocals, reminiscent of Iggy Pop and Nick Cave, and Cingl contributing incredible violin and electric guitar work to accompany the acoustic rhythms and give the tracks a full sound.  The resulting songs have a great mix of gothic and folk, as Shoenfelt delivers intelligent and memorable lyrics of sorrow, love, life, and death.  This is the type of performance best heard live, and "Live At the House of Sin" is recorded cleanly and the product sounds great.  "Saviour's Day" begins with clean acoustic and violin work, then moves into a sorrowful violin progression that perfectly matches the sadness of Shoenfelt's lyrics of lost love.  "Shivers Inside" features electric and acoustic guitar work, and is an incredible, slow and lyrical love song from Shoenfelt.  "Hospital" is another great violin and acoustic collaboration that creates a beautiful harmonic sound and features more great lyrics from Shoenfelt.  "Live At the House of Sin" is a great album, beautifully arranged, and thought-provoking from a couple of talented musicians with a lot of street cred.  Fans of goth, folk, and the likes of Iggy Pop and Nick Cave should definitely pick this one up.
Good art folk with some chill vibes and orchestral earthy sounds.  This is the best of their cds in my opinion
This guy has a different sound and is quite eclectic, but I have really enjoyed listening to it so far.
Only album of his I own or have heard all the way through. There is much here to be liked, the sound is overall pleasant and riddled with vocal prowess. The instruments, mainly acoustic, and the female backing vocals, provide a warm background for Garrel's distinctive warbly and raspy voice.Despite it's many triumphs, the album could have used a bit more editing as it runs a bit long and a few songs, while pleasant, are not quite on par with the rest of the album and might even be considered boring.I will get around to purchasing his other albums eventually because he does have a unique and heartfelt sound and that is always worth my money.
It's a good CD.  Josh has an incredible voice range as well as the styles of of music he uses.  In this CD,he has more of a folk sound in some of his songs such as in &#34;The rabbit and the bear&#34;, &#34; A time to rejoice and lament&#34;,as well as &#34;Jacaranda&#34;.  In &#34;Blessed is he&#34;, he takes a trip to India and experements with a more mystic sound; very cool.  Garrel's music is Christian for the most part; his message is poignant and hard to miss, but well delivered.  The sound is ethereal and dream like at times, which seems to be Josh's signiture sound, but punctuated with with tunes that are upbeat and snappy: :&#34;The rabbit and the bear&#34;, and &#34;Centipede&#34;.  All in all, I recommend it.
There aren't a lot of words to be had about this album, not many that I can say without sounding a bit overly-zealous anyway. Musically, it's well produced, relying on great instrumentation, both electric and acoustic. The song structures are original and intense with a deep appreciation of rock, folk, blues, and electronica. The only thing I don't always appreciate is the extended falsetto arrangements. They're sometimes interesting and can provide great diversion from traditional song architecture, but Josh takes this to an extreme, extending his range well beyond the normal tenor (sorry) on a frequent basis, which makes the music seem a bit more contrived than I would prefer. Josh doesn't hold much back in political or religious beliefs in this work, citing the Bible and proclaiming positive mental attitude in a meditative sense. He wants to see the world inspired and happy in its wake, and that's not something you get every day. What's more, I've heard music made by religious artists before, and from what Josh shows here, that music doesn't have to be schlock that proclaims praise without consequence, variety, or musicality.
This pipe band goes back to the early Irish traditions of the Cop on the Beat within the history of the NYPD.  While the pipe band is certainly younger than those traditions the inspiration for it remains similar.  No doubt inspired by the British band tours of the 1950s and 60s many local Police and Fire Department pipe bands were started in those days.For the most part this is a street parade pipe band playing your fun Irish tunes and some American favorites as well.  Many of these tunes are not intended for the pipes proper, so some odd sounds can result.  This is not a top of the line British army or Scots Police pipe band like Edinburgh or Glascow for sure!  Still, there is a capable cadre of players here that can produced some grade 3 or 4 sounds in piping.  Some tracks are well done and imaginative.  Most are the basic tunes in piping, with strong Irish-American connections that you would not see any major pipe bands play.There is a poignant medley of tunes associated with the burial of a fallen Police officer which always is an event with strong department and emotional ties.  With the changing demographics in today's Force one wonders how much longer this pipe band will prosper? Still, this is a fun CD and if you're looking for that St Patrick's Day sound you can't go wrong here.
I came to this collection by way of my affection for blues vocals.  There aren't "blues" here like there aren't blues in the wind blowing - from the same direction, with the same feelings, but a different sound, coming out of melody that echoes back to the Picts by way of Appalachia.  There are so many fragments of other things and places it evokes (Van Morrison, Edie Brickell, Johnny Cash, Lou Reed, Bonnie Raitt) not by sound but by feeling.  Very haunting and simple.  I will definitely be back for more.
They are hilarious.  This album has some pretty funny songs, and some excellent traditional music.  If you ask me there best album is Lager Than Life, so if you are thinking about giving them a first try I would recommend that one.  However, if you are already a boggards fan than you should enjoy Anchor Management.
Heard the Hanukah song from this album "Light the Lamp" on our local public radio station; neither my wife nor I had heard of her before, so we looked at each other and said "who is this!?!"  Very clear voice with just a hint of an edge, accompanied by pellucid bluegrass-influenced instrumentals.Lyrics are simple, open, and breathtakingly honest.
A warm, fresh take on Christmas favorites. It has the feel of friends gathered 'round the fireplace with their instruments, some warm brandy and a gentle snow falling outside.
Updating our music library to MP3, etc. replacing albums purchased in the 60's, 70's and 80's.  Glenn Yarbourgh was part of that collection and brought back fun memories of times past.
I have the original album and created MP3's from that years ago. Yes, they contain hissing a popping but they are original!This collection of MP3's contains a song version that was NOT on the original album. I'm not sure where this version of Freedom isn't Free is from, but it was not from the original album. That version is different from the MP3 contained in this download. Those familiar with the original Up with People album, listen to the short clip of Freedom isn't Free before you decide to purchase. It's immediately apparent that it is out of place versus the other songs (score, arrangement, sound effects, etc.)On the up side, the sound quality of these MP3's is excellent. They have been remixed to delete all of the inherent hissing and popping that's present when MP3's are taken from vinyl. The background instruments and some of the supporting voices are more clear as well.Perhaps, Amazon can look into this and locate the original version of Freedom isn't Free. Then, replace the incorrect version found here.
This is a nice, easy-listening album. A nice mix of folk like eclectic tones with a reggae undertone and a lot of feeling.
Back in the1980s I heard these guys live in performance and bought a copy of this album from them; that copy has become rather worn so I am glad to have a digital copy.  Good performances of mostly standard Celtic fare.Lady From Bendigo has special sentimental value for me and my wife, because I played it to her during our courtship.
Is this a slick production studio album?  No.  What it is?  A pleasant listening pub-like atmosphere of good vocals, instrumentals, at a good price.  Now, draw yourself a pint or pour a wee dram and enjoy.
It is very important for Christians to learn the Psalms which provide so much guidance for life.  If you learn to sing them, you will know them.  My kids get to know the Bible in many parts because of Jamie's music.Particularly like the first track.
Journey through the deep blue seas as you listen to "Skull & Magpies," a recently released album by The Mad Maggies. This album has a wonderful assortment of musical genres ranging from Celtic to Ska, which produces creative arrangements with bouncy, syncopated beats. Vocals are clean with crisp clarity while the lyrics are sung in `buccaneer' style. This album also has a refreshing variety of instruments that really capture the essence of musical adventures in the high seas. Swing to the accordion as it plays an upbeat rhythm on "Dark Matters." The instrumental song "Sandglass" features a well-balanced mix between the tuba and the gentle, sweet melody on the whistle.  Fans of The Specials and Flogging Molly won't be disappointed with the colorful seafaring tunes on The Mad Maggies' "Skull & Magpies."[...]
I met Ross Sutter when he was playing the Dublin Irish Festival (in Ohio) a few years ago.  He took himself lightly and his music seriously.  This same attitude comes through on the album.  Unlike other Celtic-style music that is like a fierce wind, this album is more like a gentle breeze.  Instead of forcing you to pay attention to it, by-and-by, you find yourself smiling and singing along.
It's not a bad CD, and the band certainly sounds good, there's just nothing here that grabs me the way "Murder in the Jar" did on "This Light."  If you enjoy Celtic rock, I'd certainly recommend this.
I know a lot of these songs. I've been to some of the areas. I.e. Dublin, Athenry and Mayo etc. This album stirs the heart with memories. While some artists and renditions aren't exactly my favorites, purely "Rebel" offerings of this quantity are hard to find at the price.
Bought this song for my son.  Almost heartfelt, in style and sincerity. A true love song.Still cute, in a gamers way...
One of the songs from this CD, "Leave Her, Johnny" kept popping up on one of my Pandora stations and I really liked the minimalist arrangement and haunting vocal.I started researching the album by name and, of course, kept getting hits for the animated comedy Family Guy, since the town it takes place in is called Quahog. (A Quahog is a type of edible clam found along the Eastern Seaboard of the United States but is especially prevalent around Cape Cod.) The song "Leave Her Johnny" is a lament exhorting a young man to break off his relationship with a girl before he goes to sea as a hand on a whaler and leaves her on her own. Most of the songs on this album have the sea or whaling or Cape Cod or rural New England-related themes and lyrics.The instrumentation consists of 1-2 acoustic and/or electric guitars although on one song I think I hear a pedal-steel guitar. Most of the songs are less than 2 minutes long.I have not been able to determine who the band members are nor if any additional material exists from Quahog, so they are a bit of a mystery. There is at least one female and one male voice. The female sings most of the songs solo.The CD was a little hard to find, I think because of a very limited distribution.I read one review that described the music as New England Goth Folk. I think this is a fairly accurate description of the style. I do also hear elements of country and traditional sea shanty in the music. "Leave Her, Johnny" is probably the best track but several of the others are nearly equal to it.I give it four stars for it's utterly unique sound and the ethereal qualities of the low-fi guitars and simple, beautiful vocals.
Just started listening to L'Angelus. I like Christmas music and I thought they would put out a good CD. Pretty good.
This person can play the clarinet with such feeling and passion and panache...what a joy to listen to. Oh, and the best version of Hava Nagilla ever..except for maybe their other version (on another album of theirs).
I first heard the tracks Dornenweich and Uti rosen on a compilation and found myself playing them over and over, so i figured i should seek further into who was making this beautiful music. I am a big fan of music that stems from medieval music without being too constricted by tradition, bands like Faun, Qntal and Omnia fit this bill for me nicely, and now i have new band to add to my fantasy oriented playlists, Irfind!  I really like the combination of really pretty tracks like Der Mond juxtaposed with vigorous romps like Iddadh n Duir. I think Dornenweich is still my favorite track on the album. I just love the way it starts gently with the harp and then builds to a rhythm driven expression of passion. For someone like me who really cherishes finding new bands to fit into that all-to-small category of delightfully magical bands that are at once gentle and driving without being burdened by the all too ubiquitous electric guitar or poorly pronounced english, this is a real treat. I don't speak german, but the music does not suffer at all for the language barrier and i am happy to listen along to both music and vocals , letting the melody carry the message. A real delight! if you like Faun, Omnia or others of that ilk, you will probably like this album.
These are really enjoyable versions of classic nursery rhymes, and they go down a storm with my kids. Docked a star because "Little Miss Muffet" only lasts for 10 seconds, so it's more like "19 and a bit Favourite Nursery Rhymes". Nevertheless, the tracks here are delivered with an enthusiasm that only a professional misanthrope could fail to smile at, and the saccharine blandness of so many other children's nursery rhyme albums is thankfully missing. We played this album and Volume 2 at my daughter's birthday party the other day, and the kids had such a good time dancing to it that they asked us to put them both on again.
This is great high-energy southern roadhouse bar blues and boogie, played by a guy who plays superb guitar and footdrums. Its the real deal.I recommend it with beer and friends on a Friday night.
My introduction to Kevin Flynn... was their incredible album "The Broken Pavement of Avondale". This album, although not quite as front-to-back excellent as "The Broken ...", has definitely proven to me that my introduction to this band took far too long. The band can fit into the Celtic rock category, but Celtic-Americana would be a more accurate designation of their sound. Excellent musicianship, clever lyrics, and Flynn's unique storytelling style make this and all of KFAR albums must buys.
I love Tartanic, and this album is certainly worth the money. If you've gone to their shows and you like the music, you're probably going to want to buy their album Uncivilized. If you want to branch out and hear more from Tartanic, I'd definitely recommend this album. It has fewer tracks than their other albums, but it's definitely worth it.
Steeped in culture and rich with history, Volva Songs EP strikes a chord for anyone who has ever been interested in the northern countries like Norway, and Iceland.  Have you have ever wondered what kinds of songs the early Vikings might have sung around a campfire? In my opinion, I don't think you can get much closer than Volva Songs EP.  Volva is Old Norse for "Staff Carrier", what we could consider a bard or storyteller.  Kari uses the staff as a rhythm instrument, a method she calls "Volva Stav".She explains: "My work as Volva gently pulls the threads of our indigenous European tapestry, mends them to our immigrant memories, and spins a new thread for our children that is true, restores identity, and creates cultural healing. "The acoustic guitar is used in some of the pieces to add a warmth to the songs.  The ambiance created by these songs drips with the essence of the "old ways".  Even if you aren't fluent in Norse or Icelandic (neither am I), this is a rich and wonderful album to enjoy, it truly transcends words and relies instead on the emotions that it stirs."Dromte Mig", the fourth song on the album is by far my favorite.  I'm reminded of a video that I had seen of one of Kari's performances in which she sings this song.  Throughout the song, she is spinning thread with an old fashioned drop spindle.  As I listen to this song, I can vividly see a group of women sitting around singing and spinning their thread, carrying on a tradition that was passed from mother to daughter.  This song relates that bond of passing tradition down through a family or community.  The song starts off slow and soft and builds to a wonderful crescendo.Number three on the album, "Oppi Li" is one of those songs that is, in my opinion, pure unadulterated fun! The only musical accompaniment is a drum and of course Kari's ever-present Stav.  No other instruments are needed as Kari's wonderful voice could easily carry this song a capella.  This piece has a wonderful tempo that will have you wishing for a bonfire to dance around."Svarterabben", the last song on this album, coming in a close second, is another favorite of mine.  It combines a beautiful melody, wonderfully played on an acoustic guitar, along with Kari's powerful and wide-ranging voice.  I love the tune to this song, whenever I hear it, I want to join in and sing along. . . if only my voice had the range.This is an album that I have wanted to write a review about for some time.  I have always been fascinated in the histories of the various peoples of the world.  There is so much that was once known, but through the passage of time has been lost, it's exciting to see someone actively working to recover some of that history.  I applaud the work of Kari Tauring and hope to hear more of her work in the future.If Volva Songs EP sounds like something you would like to experience for yourself, you can get it here.  Kari has a number of videos on her site in which she not only performs, but also explains in greater depth, her use of the Volva Stav.~ Reviewed by Chris "Thaskalas" Madison:Pagan Radio Network
The first song I ever heard from this guy was "That Moon Song" and I heard it on The Wake Up Sets on SiriusXM's station The Loft.  The host of that morning show has a penchant for playing what has been termed "sad b@st@rd songs."Gregory Alan Isakov has made an album full of these songs.  This is most definitely a headphone album.  The songs just glow and wrap you up in emotion. Strings, acoustic guitars, softly tapping drums and Gregory's gentle voice all blend together nicely to create one fine album.I don't know if this makes any sense, but the songs on this album sound exactly like what the album cover looks like.  If it doesn't make sense now, it will once you listen to the album.If you're a fan of Doug Burr, then you'll probably like this album.Key Track:  That Moon Song.
This is actually the second album by this talented singer/songwriter.  His is the clear, strong voice of the North.  I would recommend this album to anybody.  The music is enjoyable and accessible to people of just about any musical taste.
This is a great group and I highly recommend their music. It' would get 5 stars if it was a recorded CD instead of a recording of a live performance (the fans and talking take away from the music just a bit), but they take the genre to a whole new stage with a variety contemporary, classic, and original songs done with bagpipes and drums.
I absolutely agree with the other reviewer.  But I heard Tartanic recently and know they are to release a new studio CD in March.  I will be anxiously awaiting that one.
Thank you for the free patriotic song downloads!  Amazon, we appreciate these freebies you give to us from time to time.  Perfect timing for Independance Day.
First, thanks to the men and women who protect our fair country. These songs always serve to remind me of how much we owe them. Thanks to Amazon too for the free music.Pros:I love the a capella nature of the collection, as the talents of this chorus lend a richness and authenticity which instrumental music cannot convey."God Bless America" is evocative and done with much feeling. The vocal range of this chorus is demonstrated in this classic.At first I thought "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" was going to be "Little Drummer Boy" with the rum pum pums, but I suppose that there are only so many ways a human voice can simulate drums. The "Battle Hymn of the Republic" has always been one of my favorites, and the chorus's arrangement is well done."America the Beautiful" is faithfully sung and clearly enunciated at a very singable tempo- perfect for singing with an audience.I thought the rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner" was rather quick, but it would be perfect for playing at a ballgame opener since it doesn't drag on. Our national anthem is my favorite of all of these songs, so I would have preferred a more contemplative version.Cons:When I was listening to the "Navy Seals" run-to cadence I was puzzled why they were extolling the praises of the Air Force. The phrases"Air Force- The Place to Be/ Air Force- The Place for Me""Defending freedom/ From up above""Feeling somethin'/ So I joined/ Air Force/ A better course"all gave me the impression that someone at Amazon mistakenly labeled this Air Force cadence as a Navy Seals one. (Perhaps someone at Amazon has a bias against the Seals in favor of the Air Force...) In any case, I hope there is an opportunity to correct this mistake so those of us interested in an authentic Seals cadence can get one once Amazon rectifies this error.Otherwise these cadences were rather interesting to hear. The "Hey, Hey Everybody" cadence was particularly engaging.All in all, a fine collection of music and song. I took off one star for not having a correctly labeled Seals contribution, so four stars total.
Hellllllo!  Anyone else notice that the Navy Seals song was about the Air Force?  Or the Army Airborne song was about the Navy Seals?  Or the ... well, you get the idea.  I found 3 or 4 that had the wrong titles.  Well, since it was free, I'm not really complaining, but it seems strange that none of the first 4 reviews noticed it.Lou (retired military)
Roseanne Barr...eat your heart out!  This is how "The Star Spangled Banner" should be sung.  The Sun Harbor's Chorus does a great job on the first four tracks.  Kudos to Amazon.com!
Lots if great patriotic songs on on album. Some insrumental, some sung. Liked the mix of both. Wish they would play more of these for July 4th fireworks shows.
I discovered Emily Hope Price's voice from her work on the Unicorn City soundtrack, her music is fun and I would recommend to anyone.
Like the old black and white westerns, you'll like this music.  I'm a fan of traditional folk and western music and this fits in well.
THIS GIRL IS SO DAMN TALENTED. HER VOICE IS MELODIC AND POWERFUL. LUV THIS GIRL AND THIS ALBUM! ONE OF MY FAVORITES!
This is a review of the CD version of 'Arrogance, Ignorance and Greed' (Hands On Music, UK release - Oct 2009)Show of Hands are a British folk duo - Steve Knightley (main vocals, mandocello, acoustic guitars) and Phil Beer (violin, various stringed instruments, vocals/harmonies) and, on this album, they are joined by Miranda Sykes (double/electric bass, vocals/harmonies). Although this is their 20th album, it's the first that I've bought. They are one of the most popular folk acts in the UK.Supporting musicians furnish drums/percussion on 4 songs, also 2nd. guitar, 2nd. violin, piano and keyboards on selected songs, but most feature accompaniment stripped down to acoustic guitar/mandocello, violin and double bass. Guest vocalists include Jackie Oates who provides lead vocals on one song and harmonies on another. The album's overall sound is quite loud, it could be due to audio compression, but I'm not entirely sure; it's a very forward sound - with the vocals and playing almost jumping out of the speakers at times.Steve Knightley is a powerful singer and a top flight songwriter - his lyrics are edgy, and at times, quite scathing with a socio-political bias, and 8 of the songs are written by him. Additionally, there are 2 'trad arrs.', plus 2 covers of songs written by Bob Dylan and Peter Gabriel. There's a good mix of tempos, including 3 songs that rock out; however, I do think that a few of the songs are a little over-arranged. Some comments about my favourites :THE MAN I WAS (Steve Knightley) - Slow tempo song about a once unsupportive partner who fails to convince that he has turned over a new leaf. Instrumental accompaniment is provided by tenor guitar, mandocello, acoustic bass and strings.THE NAPOLI (Steve Knightley) - Swaggering mid-tempo song about looters who descend upon a beached container ship at Branscombe, Devon in 2007. Steve duets with Jim Causley and instrumental accompaniment is from acoustic guitar, mandolin, violin and acoustic bass.SENOR (TALES OF YANKEE POWER)(Bob Dylan) - Exceptional song with sharp and cryptic lyrics; Steve's rendition captures its cynical and biting edge and, towards the end, he really unleashes the power of his voice. He accompanies himself on cuatro which emphasizes the song's Latin American setting, and Phil Beer accompanies on violin including a riveting half minute solo. Other featured instruments are tenor guitar and double bass.IED : SCIENCE OR NATURE (Steve Knightley) - A dramatic song with dark and bitter lyrics which draw a parallel between natural disease and the man-made 'disease' of warfare. As usual, strong vocals from Steve, but Miranda's rather weak additional vocals towards the end are swamped by the instrumental accompaniment of acoustic guitar, mandocello, strings, drums and piano.THE KEYS OF CANTERBURY (Trad. arr. Steve Knightley) - An upbeat song which simply races along. Scrumptious lead vocals from Jackie Oates, another popular folk artist in the UK; her voice is not as powerful as that of Steve's, but it is self-assured and it possesses a certain sensuous quality; Steve duets with her to give some extra edge to the vocals. Full marks also to Phil Beer who contributes some sterling folk-rock violin playing. Other instruments played are mandocello, violin and cajon/percussion.Other favourites are the sad 'Lowlands' - a shanty about a lover drowned at sea, the lyrically caustic 'Arrogance, Ignorance and Greed' and 'Worried Well' with its slight gospel flavour. Most of the remaining songs are solid efforts. I liked 'Evolution' to begin with, but I quickly tired of it - I think it sounds formulaic and contrived.'Arrogance, Ignorance and Greed' is an album with many excellent songs and fine vocals from Steve Knightley, Jackie Oates and Jim Causley, although those of Miranda Sykes are disappointing by comparison. Outstanding playing - particularly from Phil Beer on violin (I would have liked a bit more). However, the album is a little uneven, and its modern production and pop-rock leanings (on a few songs) may not find favour with those who prefer their folk music with more of an authentic feel to it.
In 2006, clawhammer banjo player Adam Hurt released his sophomore album, Insight, which impressed the heck out of me.  Hurt took the melodic innovations that Bill Keith applied to the three-finger style banjo and applied them to clawhammer, producing one of the most elegant banjo albums you are likely to hear.  On this, his third album released three years later, Hurt continues to mine the same territory to produce a very worthy follow-up.  The material is still built around old chestnuts like Forked Deer, familiar to any fan of bluegrass and Appalachian music, and Hurt's graceful banjo technique show that there is still life in them.  In addition, he is joined not just by musical sponsor Cathy Fink (an outstanding clawhammer player in her own right, who unfortunately wastes her time recording children's music, but hey, everyone needs to make a living, right?), but by a guitarist who should be familiar to many fans-- Kenny Smith.  Hurt doesn't break any ground here that he didn't already break on Insight, but that would have been a tall order.  Instead, he simply records a completely satisfying album that shows his sophomore album was no fluke.  For the most interesting clawhammer banjo around today, Adam Hurt is a strong contender.The other young guns doing interesting things with clawhammer:  Cahalen Morrison (perhaps my favorite acoustic musician working today), Abigail Washburn, and a name that should have some familiarity, the phenom that is Sarah Jarosz.
Having heard one of their songs on the Irish and Celtic Music podcast, I felt compelled to pick up the entire album and it was well worth the effort. Very tight harmonies and up-tempo songs make for fine afternoon listening!
I like all the songs however, most seem to abruptly end without feeling quite finished. I brought the album because I liked the song &#34;Dreamin&#34; however I found the other songs had a nice mellow jazzy feel and the fact that there is a mixture of different male and female singers adds a nice variety.  I will use them for bath time and for a romantic mood setting.
A member of the band gave me this CD about three years ago. I was working at Staples' Copy & Print Center, and I made a few copies he needed for an upcoming show. We chatted, he left, and then he came back with a copy of this album. I've listened to it several times since then, and have found it very moving. The songs have a depth to them that is lacking in most other music. I hope MBird continues making music, as it is very beautiful indeed.
This is someone to watch.  Great lines in these all original songs like 'save you from the burden of always being right' and who hasn't felt that way sometime.  Personal favorites are 'A Little Scar' and 'Catastrophe' but the others are growing on me.  The first time I heard them I thought they were pretty good, the second time I was more impressed, the third time I ordered the CDs for friends.
I have seen Tommy Makem perform live several times at Irish Fest in Milwaukee, and picked up &quot;Rolling Home&quot; simply to have a copy of &quot;Waltzing With Bears.&quot;  Ironically, this is probably the only song on the album that is not truly Irish in origin, having been written by Dale Marxen of Madison, Wisconsin.  But every year if Makem makes it to Milwaukee this one is a big crowd pleaser.  My youngest daughter brought it to her choir teacher who taught it to the kiddies, but my wife has heard it once too often a long time ago (and she is the Irish one).  Most of the songs are strongly in the Irish folk tradition.  &quot;Those Factory Girls&quot; is about the girls who work the shirt factories in Derry, &quot;Brendan&quot; is about the sixth century Irish Saint who was called &quot;Brendant the Navigator&quot; (the original discoverer of America), &quot;The Boys of Mullaghbawen&quot; is about an informer in South Armagh, and &quot;The Battle of Benburb&quot; is about the victory of the Irish army over the English in 1646.  &quot;Rolling Home&quot; is Makem's Irish version of the traditional sea song and &quot;The Songs The Water Sings&quot; and &quot;Whaler's Tale&quot; continues the nautical theme that also winds through the album (an idea that is emphasized somewhat on the cover photograph of Makem with his familiar banjo sitting near a chest that has a bit o' netting and some rope lying atop it).  There are only eleven songs on &quot;Rolling Home,&quot; and aside from &quot;Watlzing with Bears&quot; I have yet to hear Makem perform any of the rest of them in concert, but when you are dealing with someone who has as expansive a repertoire as Makem, that is to be expected.
If you want to hear some wonderful yodeling this is one of the best.  Makes you want to dance and have fun with life.
I was a bit skeptical at first when buying this CD, but ever since purchasing it, I've fallen in love with Shannon's angelic voice and Michael's fluidly beautiful guitar.  Each song is fun and well composed, and I find myself muttering and humming a lot of the melodies and lyrics to and from work, during housework, etc.  I definitely recommend this purchase: you won't regret it.  If you're only purchasing a few songs then my personal recommendations are "Leaves", "Hallelujah Child", and "Madeline".  :)
after hearing her play live at the san diego asian cultural festival today, i hopped online in search of her music.  sadly, i did not find her at [...] or [...].  i couldn't even find her on twitter to follow her.  i did find her music on myspace, itune, and here on amazon.  after previewing all songs, i decided to download the whole album.  i'm listening to it right now and love her music.  her music sounds like a cross between vienna teng and jewel, but unique in her own way.  i hope to hear more from this artist.
I'm not a musician so I can't really provide a technical review.  I find nearly the whole album very charming.  I love to read/study to violin, and this has just the right tempo for me.  The only detracting element for me, and this may not be the case for other people, is that two of the songs have vocal accompaniment, which I do not prefer to listen to when I read and work.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys the violin and/or celtic music, and wants somethings that is relaxing.
This 2009 release was the first by &#34;the voice of Kitzbuehel&#34; (Austria), Stina Gabriell, and like many initial releases, is still a bit rough around the edges and tentative at times. Stina, a hairdresser by trade, decided to take her passion for music and entertaining friends to a new level and a broader audience with this set and it definitely shows great promise and charm. It was superceded in 2010 by her next release which also includes a number of the songs from this set.
Dave Daniels' new album Muloch is above all, good blues and good melody. There is whimsy running over the surface of these deceptively heart-felt tunes. Just like I like 'em. An unpretentious blend of the familiar and the unique. Song-by-song review below:Lie Awake:I like entering an album with a sense of uncertainty, and it is just such unease that I get from 'Lie Awake'. At times the vocals are nearly lost in each other and the mix; the rhythm guitar is frantically dim. So many little reasons to think this song was lazily produced... but by the song's end I was so enchanted by the melody and lyrics that I had no doubt Lie Awake was produced exactly the way Dave intended--a self-assured lullaby with a delightfully timeless quality. "Laugh off and die!"Metaphores:The rhythm reminds me immediately of Pink Floyd's "One of these days", but the song itself is vaguely reminiscent of the Wallflowers. This is a bluesy, breathless slice of lo-fi goodness. Metaphores gives the impression that the band and vocalist are running (literally and on foot) from the cops while recording the song. Needless to say, I got some great mental images from this track. Sweet use of ghostly background vocals!Burbon Street:More than any other song on the album, Burbon Street shows off how creative Dave can be with a rhythm guitar. The lead licks felt a little too on-the-nose, but that's my only complaint about this wicked little track.Dogs Life:Cleverly crafted mosaic of samples and curious guitar lines. Surprisingly catchy refrain. This song reminds me of jugglers. Jugglers juggling jugglers.Had Enough:Hypnotic and aquatic. Velvet Underground couldn't have done this song better. "When I've had enough to drink, you'll be the first to know."Memories:If you're an old "Joan of Arc" fan, you'll get a nostalgic smile out of this song. At the risk of operating irony stupidly and without a license, Memories is truly the most memorable track on the album.What More Could I Say:For the first half of the record, Dave has been leading us deeper and deeper into the sloshy blur of the bottom of a bottle or the tip of a needle. He pulls us back to attention with crisply recorded vocals, some of the best guitar work thus far, and some sexy wench's enthusiastic moaning. I'm awake.Soft Spoken:I'm a sucker for songs whose musical intro lasts 90% of the song. Damn you, Daniels, how do you know my weakness? But what's with the 2 minute tribute to John Cage after the music stops?If You Need a Friend and Worth Fighting:I wasn't too impressed by these two tracks. Both have potential, but they really feel lazy in all their parts. They play like Dave needed two spots to fill, and so he pulled these songs out and recorded them in a rush. Not that I expect everything to be hyper-produced, but I'd like to see Dave take both of these tracks back into the studio and give them some well-deserved TLC. "Worth Fighting" wants to build at the end, subtly perhaps, but build nonetheless.... and "If You Need a Friend" has serious charm and some great parts, but everything just feels sloppy, and nothing quite feels cared for.The Dress:What can I say, this is one hell of a song, and the best anchor to Muloch money can buy. A delicious dark cabaret that brings to mind "Black Heart Procession". In my opinion, songs like this bring out the best qualities of Dave's voice. More more!!
If you like polkas and yodeling this is a great album to start with. The music is good and danceable with several different styles of yodele's from the various groups.  I find this album refreshingly different and quite different from most.  Enjoy..
I had not realize the breadth of music that the alphorn could perform.  Lisa Stoll is a young performer to makes the alphorn do great things.  I particularly enjoy the Amazing Grace and Alphorn Blues
Mostly acapella, this is a unique mix of 2 well trained female vocalists bringing traditional Georgian and Appalachian folksongs alive.  Unusual harmonies will capture your ear.
Yes - this is mentioned in the description, but it bears repeating. Alan hasn't lost many steps, and I don't at all regret a chance to grab something - darn near anything - from The Man Himself. But, given a chance, I'd prefer to find more of his vintage recordings. Like most artists who release a re-record of their &#34;Greatest Hits,&#34; there's something different and slightly off-putting about expecting to hear your old favorites as you know them and getting something that is almost-but-not-quite-it. Bless you, Alan; now see what you can do about getting out that back catalogue...
It seems that much of the Finnish prog scene was from the 1970s, particularly those that recorded for Love Records. Many of these musicians are familiar to many: Pekka Pohjola, Jukka Tolonen, and Jukka Gustavson, and bands like Wigwam and Tasavallan Presidentti. As usual the prog scene in Finland pretty much went belly up in the late '70s.So it's a surprise to find a new band from that country calling themselves Viima. Their 2006 debut was apparently more folk-oriented (I hadn't heard it). The female vocalist left, and the band ended up with the lineup of vocalist/flautist/keyboardist (piano, organ) Hannu Hiltula, bassist Aapo Honkanen, keyboardist Kimmo L&auml;hteenm&auml;ki, guitarist Mikko Ussi-Oukari, and Mikko V&auml;&auml;r&auml;l&auml;. There is no getting around they turned to the mellower end of symphonic prog with heavy influences from Camel, Genesis, and Focus. Mikko Ussi-Oukari's guitar playing is without a doubt in the Jan Akkerman and Andy Latimer style. It's nice to see Kimmo L&auml;hteem&auml;ki use authentic vintage gear, most particularly the Mellotron (there aren't too many Mellotrons in Finland, I am almost willing to believe he got a newer Mark VI, although it could be the old M400). The Mellotron on their previous album was apparently sampled (from an M-Tron or something similar, so it's nice to see a real one this time around). What's great is the band kept this CD at LP length, although I thought the 22 minute title track was stretched a tad too thin in places. But check out that synth on "Sukellus", you'd swear you were listening to some lost gem from the mid 1970s. There's no denying the retro approach these guys do. "Autio Peltio" shows that symphonic style they're approach, with Latimer-influenced guitar playing and nice analog synths and Mellotron. Although I think the dreaded Auto-Tune was used on Hannu Hiltula's vocals (a prog first for me) at the beginning, luckily it was used nowhere else (I can go on why I dread Auto-Tune, since 1998 when Cher did "Believe" it's been overdone to death, and naturally, Rebecca Black's "Friday" much more recently, also why I steer clear of contemporary mainstream music). "Unohtunut" has that nice symphonic intro, with guitar and Mellotron, before going into a rather atmospheric acoustic passage. They then get more into Genesis territory, particularly the Hackett-like guitar and Mellotron. Viima isn't trying to blow you away with Gentle Giant-like complexity, just nice symphonic prog. People don't listen to Camel for that reason, just the nice music that those guys cranked out. True, while I mentioned the title track is a bit stretched thin in places, it's still not bad. When it comes to retro-prog, nothing beats &Auml;nglagrd's Hybris, but Viima's Kahden Kuun Sirpit is a nice CD to own.
For me, this is a notch below The Gaelic Collection in its recording quality and ESPECIALLY the driving guitar (some Gaelic Collection songs really rock). It's a little folkie. But it's still an excellent listen (drive and sing-along) for fans and Gaedhlig learners. Runrig is the best and any learner should have their Gaedhlig CDs close at hand.
A lovely bit of gentle neo-folk. Spirited and good-natured, much peppier than what I sampled from their EP. The video is also recommended.
The very best, eh?Well, what this actually is, isVolume 14of Le Chant du Monde's Grand Figures du Flamenco (aka Great Masters of Flamenco) series, on MP3, with an irrelevant cover, and with the tracks shuffled.  It even has the same pieces mislabelled!3) labelled "Punta y Tac&oacute;n" (a Farruca), is actually "Brisas de La Caleta" (Malague&ntilde;as).7) labelled "Brisas de La Caleta" (a Malague&ntilde;a), is actually "Ecos jerezanos" (Sole&aacute; por Buler&iacute;a).9) labelled "Ecos jerezanos" (a Sole&aacute; por Buler&iacute;a), is actually "Aires de Triana" (Buler&iacute;as).14) labelled "Ecos de la Mina" (which is a Taranta), is actually "Punta y Tac&oacute;n " (Farruca).  There is no Taranta on the album.Apart from this, it's a good representative selection of Sabicas's playing.The compilation contains:&bull; 8 tracks from the seminalFlamenco Puroalbum (apparently nowre-released) that made such an impact in Spain&bull; 4 tracks fromFlamenco Virtuoso&bull; 2 tracks from3 Guitarras Tiene Sabicas&bull; 2 tracks fromFlaming Flamenco Guitar&bull; 1 track fromFlamenco!(with Carmen Amaya)The total time is 64'47".
I'm probably a bad person to review a cover project since I don't know any of the original versions, to which Justin himself responded with pride and humor that he had the privilege of introducing me to this band, you may have heard of them, the Rolling Stones. But aside from my lack of musical experience, this is a great little collection.Justin makes them his own, like any good cover project needs to, but you can still feel some of the original artist coming through (I could easily pick out the Nine Inch Nails and George Michael songs, despite not knowing the originals).The best songs on the album are perhaps the most intimate ones, "Gerogia Lee" (by Tom Waits) and "Head Like a Hole" (by Nine Inch Nails). Both songs are honest explorations of truth, the kind of thing Justin is good at.
The Projekt label describes this superb EP as offering "...carefully crafted songs that belong on a Twin Peaks jukebox." That's as good a description of their tone as any, I think. There's a certain quirky darkness & melancholy to even the most upbeat of them, a childlike yet worldly-wise atmosphere to every note & word. This is certainly Americana, but its roots go into some very interesting, shadowed places.Don't let the mention of Twin Peaks make you think this is merely imitation Julee Cruise, though -- it's nothing of the sort! Sarah Renfro has a distinctive voice & approach that's very much her own; and based on this warm, impressive first effort, I eagerly & impatiently await a full-length album. I'm old-fashioned enough to have bought an actual CD from the distributor, preferring my music to be more tangible -- but whether you go that route or simply buy the download, I don't think you'll be disappointed. Recommended!
I was looking up the song "That's What Makes You Strong" and ran across the rendition on this album. Tried out a few other songs and down loaded the album. Not disappointed. Oh, a couple of the songs are not as good. But mainly strong music. Covers are great. Arsenal of Doves worth the price of admission alone.
News of the death of Joe Peter MacLean came as a blow.It's not as if Joe Peter was widely known outside of his native Cape Breton. Certainly he was neither the flashiest nor most polished fiddler to spring from the island's rich music tradition.But Joe Peter, a former farmer and native Gaelic speaker, was just always there. Whether at a Boisdale dance or squeezed in a corner of the green room at the Festival Club at the Celtic Colours International Festival in St. Ann's, Joe Peter could be found with a fiddle tucked under his chin, sawing through music like it was his life's blood.Back of Boisdale is his only CD and, sure, it's not the flashiest or most polished you'll find. Released by Rounder Records, in the label's North American Traditions series, the disc is pure Joe Peter -- a lengthy selection of tunes played by a guy who loved to play them.The CD features 17 tracks -- some 60-plus tunes -- that just run through the music as if Joe Peter was sitting in on a session or providing the music for a dance. He wasn't even sure of every title -- some selections are simply called &#34;Traditional Pipe Tune,&#34; &#34;Traditional Reel&#34; or &#34;Medley of Gaelic Songs.&#34;But they're a joy to hear because they were a joy to play. He's joined here by Paul Wukitsch on second violin, Janet Cameron on piano and Gordon MacLean on piano and parlor organ.by Tom Knapp, the Rambles.NET guy
This music is traditional german music that works well for a party. Very good for backround music for octoberfest meal.
Listening to "Balloons in Gloom" the debut cd by Formerly Forest is a lot like waking up with a Wednesday morning hangover when you had no intention of drinking on Tuesday night.That's not to say it is an experience you will regret.Formerly Forest is a one man music project , part folk rock, part alt-country, and with a little bit of  Alice in Chains,  consisting of singer/songwriter/guitarist Daniel Reed.  The songs are tense, rough, and urgent with an occasional sprinkle of dark beauty thrown in for good measure.  There are plenty of bloodshot, bleary eyed songs about 3 o'clock in the morning desperation.  The songs mainly feature Reed on both acoustic and electric guitar, with his worn and weary voice belting out his lyrics like they really were recorded at 3 o'clock in the morning.The album opens with "Paper Mache", a sweet enough sounding song, with just enough alt-country twang and bittersweet harmonies  until you really pay attention to the darkness contained in the lyrics. "The fireplace bleeding on the living room floor doesn't make me a killer"  The electric guitar parts almost sound like a sad sounding country fiddle, and accentuate the mood as necessary."Both Hands" features some fine flamenco style guitar work and a well executed vocal melody.  This song, as described  by the artist, is about a good old fashioned abduction scenario in which  the female character begs her captor to " handle this with care, treat it like you found a bird with broken wings". Again, it is a desperate, disturbing and paranoid song of uncertainty.As the album progresses, it delves further into small hour incoherence, with lines strung together and his voice becoming more strained, more tense and more desperate.  "Ghost Town" is a dark and lovely song, dissonant and sleep deprived,  it is like a cowboy campfire song that will send chills up your spine if you spend too much time processing the imagery within.There is an underlying tension just below the surface of these songs that  finally erupts  in a raging fit of unrestrained electric guitar madness in the middle part of "Bedrooms and Candles", and the singer does seem to have found some peace after that release.  There is some delicate taste of hope in that song  "Now I can see a little clearer and now I can breathe a little slower, and now I can hear a little something less bitter""Alien Now" closes the album in stoned-out Alice in Chains "Sap"-era glory, with minor key guitars droning and Reed's voice singing "One by one, I've been breathing days away, one by one I've been dreaming about alien faces" in dual part harmony.  This song features some excellent electric guitar work as well.  The Mother Ship has never sounded more terrifying or tangible.The songs that work best are the ones which Reed harmonizes vocally with himself and really gives the songs some depth and more of a complete and well crafted feel.  While the sparseness of some of the arrangements works excellently as a tool for setting the tone of the album, some of the songs feel like they could benefit from a little more polishing without making it sound over produced.  "Alien Now" has potential to be filled out nicely as a full band song, as do many of the others.This is not music for the feint of heart or for the "Mouskateers" crowd,  but for those who prefer their music to be slightly reckless and dense with raw intensity.  In other words,  the perfect antidote to the mindless drivel that the major labels are releasing.
Allysen's music is generally called "Quiet Music for a Loud World."  This is not that quiet, and her songwriting and singing skills show remarkable growth.There's not a lot of comparable acts out there, so if I had to compare her voice is reminiscent of Connie Dover or a whispery Alison Sudol and maybe a little Sam Beam of Iron & Wine.  And you may have to stretch your imagination to combine them all.She is just a unique and talented artist.
These folks are great in concert.  This was a good reminder of it.  Looking forward to hearing more from them in future.
I really like Ross's Concert.  I knew I couldn't ever play the guitar like that, but I did try to force a friend to learn the song.
This is Hilary's second recording to my knowledge.  Her first was outstanding.  This one is good...I haven't listened to all the songs yet.  I will buy it because I have become a fan of her music.  I recommend it.  Her first recording, "Passing By" was a 5*.  She has a wonderful voice
These women use their voices as instruments and weave them so beautifully.  I will enjoy listening  to heir album but wish they had more.
MaMuse is Karisha Lonkaker and Sarah Nutting and occasional friends, out of northern California, and they are more wonderful than strange (though enough strange to keep things interesting).  I've seen them perform a couple times and have both of their albums and am eagerly anticipating more performaces and recordings.Strange and Wonderful is their second album, recorded like most of their first album, All The Way, in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, where they know a thing or two about keeping music pure and simple.  The production keeps the focus on MaMuses singing while holding the accoustic instrumentation (guitar, mandolin, double bass, flutes) in a respectable balance.  MaMuse invited a percussionist and cellist to add a little more depth to the music on Strange and Wonderful without losing any of the beautiful simplicity of their character.As you can tell by the cover of Strange and Wonderful, MaMuse has a great sense of humor and a true appreciation for nature.  Respectful references to birds and beasts, beauty and the earth/nature are frequent and MaMuse's overall sound echoes the beauty of the natural world.  Once or twice on the album MaMuse takes on a bit of gentle social commentary, as with one of my favorite songs, "Salem".  Salem is about the famous witch trial in Massachusetts where the tone gets a bit darker while remaining compassionate and delicate.Evident at any MaMuse concert and throughout their music is the sense of joy, wonder, humor and respect (for the audience, for each other, etc.) that makes it all very easy to listen to and sing along with (which they occasionally encourage to create a truly folksy experience).  Similar somewhat to The Be Good TanyasBlue Horseor Po GirlHome to Youor Gillian WelchTime (The Revelator), MaMuse doesn't appear interested in taking the world by storm, but in witnessing and complementing the weather, stormy or sunny, and turning in fine songs that can make you smile and swoon or croon along.
Early on, the Cajun wunderkind Feufollet proved capable purveyors of the trad dancehall variety. By their third album, Tout Un Beau Soir, a self-awareness established the framework that they have built upon ever since. Granted, they can still slam it in a traditional dancehall sense, but the disc's beauty lies within its cavernous creativity, boundless ingenuity and risk-taking experiments. A Dennis McGee standard ("Cowboy Waltz") starts as if it originated in Appalachia. Toy pianos, glockenspiels, banjos and trumpets push aside the proverbial accordion-fiddle tandem on a tune from the Lomax Archives that's playfully sung by Chris Stafford and Anna Laura Edmiston.Original material plays a major role here with nine originals, including "Les Berceuse Du Vieux Voyageur," a beautiful ballad that's sung by Edmiston. Stafford's "Toujours En Mouvement" replaces the accordion and fiddle with pounding pianos and whirling organs as if Elvis Costello was once a poppy Cajun.Between tracks are brief interludes that deconstruct other tunes. Obviously, not all of this is Cajun dancehall music, but several songs, like the melodic "Les Jours Sont Longs," could easily wend their way into the Francophone pop world. But be forewarned: unless you have satellite antennae ears, don't expect to absorb all of this within a few superficial listens.--OffBeat Magazine, July 2010 issue
I saw this band play in a dive bar in Cleveland, Ohio about 10 years ago. I'd say MAYBE 20 other people were there. The singers voice still haunts me till this day . Listen to Alien Battle. I believe they were Danish and said they couldn't gain any traction over there because everyone was quick to label them as a Radiohead sound a like. All I know is they sounded amazing that night and I still rock this album from time to time. Like tonight.
Courtney Marie Andrews is an amazing artist who deserves more attention. Her songwriting is intimate and well developed. Her voice is hauntingly beautiful and the music is at times understated, but in a very effective manner. I wish I could see her perform. It is hard for my wife and I to find an artist we both can enjoy listening to, but Courtney Marie Andrews is one of them!
My first encounters with the writings of Peter La Farge were from the Johnny Cash album &#34;Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American indian&#34; 1964.  My Granny bought this album for me, I was only two and really have no memory of it or the songs until about age 4, but it has always been a permanent fixture in my memory.I really have no knowledge of Peter La Farge and his career as a writer or perfomer, other than the five songs he wrote on Cash's &#34;Bitter Tears&#34; album.  Those five songs are all very memerable to me, and I think they are very good songs with various messages.The album &#34;Rare Breed&#34; by various artists paying tribute to Mr. La Farge, yet I was only familiar with the two that appear on Cash's album, &#34;Ballad of Ira Hayes&#34; and &#34;Drums&#34;.  As a child &#34;Ira Hayes&#34; would probably be the first song that I remember and I loved it.  Great story song of an American Hero of WWII and his tragic demise on his return to the U.S.A.  There is also a movie about the life of Ira Hayes, worth a viewing.  I'm thiniking it stared Tony Curtis, but it's been a long tyme and I didn't look it up before putting the pen to the paper.I am not going to give a song by song review here, just know that Peter La Farge was an American Indian who seems to have had strong convictions concening his race, heritage and the injustices his native American brothers and sisters had/have dealt with since the very beginnings of the the &#34;Brave New World&#34; once the U.S. declared it's independence.  The Johnny Cash version of &#34;Ira Hayes&#34; is Awesome, but my point of view could be skewed.  The second song that I was familiar with &#34;Drums&#34; is by far the longest song on the set at six minutes.  John Densmore & Floyd Westerman do this version and they do it well.  It is significantly different (musically) from Cash's version but very good and enjoyable.  There is some good guitar licks in this version.I actually found this release due to looking up Hank III, he does one song on the release &#34;Marijuana Blues&#34;.  I'd like to hear Peter's version just to make a fair comparison, but since I've not heard his original I'll just say that Hank III is Hank III and I think most fanz of his will appreciate his rendition of this song.  I liked it.  I'm going to close this out by saying that even though I was unfamiliar with eight of the ten songs, they all were well worth the listen...probably will never get played in heavy rotation at my home or truck, but the stories were pretty straight forward.  I'm going to call it Folk music, but maybe its Americana or something else.  Since I've only listend to it twice thus far, my opinon is subject to change, but I'd have to say that &#34;Bad Girl&#34; and &#34;Gather Round&#34; were the two songs that stood out the most other than the two I was already familiar with.Peter La Farge died in 1965, shortly after the October '64 release of &#34;Bitter Tears: Ballad of the American Indian&#34;.  Even if you are not too interested in this or any other La Farge works, I would highly recommend giving Johnny Cash's &#34;Bitter Tears&#34; a listen, some really good writing with some very historical moments put to song as well as some humor.
Rebecca and David are awesome musicians! Their blend of Celtic music is the best! See them in concert if you can.
I own all of the Spiral Dance Cds this looks like a rerelease of some songs from all their albums. This appears to be a best of. I so wish to see some new work of theirs. Their albums are awesome. But I do not see buying a CD full of songs I already possess. Sadness...
Casey Henry"Real Women Drive Trucks"(Arrandem Record, 2001)-----------------------------------------------A swell set of independently-released bluegrass instrumentals, with a compact family band led by banjoist Casey Henry, whose got a real snap and bounce to her style.  Jason Carter fiddles and Missy Raines thumps the bass, while Lynn Morris and Marshall Wilborn guest on various tracks... it's a high-caliber cast for a high-caliber album... Recommended! (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Guide To Country Music)
My husband is heavy into bluegrass music and that's why I bought it. Overall I like it very much too. It is very nicely done.
From CD Roots: Ingvill Marit Buen Garns (voice) and Per Anders Buen Garns (hardingfele) in 16 solo and duet performances of traditional music from Norway. They focus on religious themes, both Christian and pre-Christian songs and tunes the reflect the dynamism that religious belief brings to a culture, and ultimately, to the music.
This is an incredible album.  I've found myself listening to the song "Lay My Burdens Down" over and over again.  The only drawback to this album is that it only has seven tracks.  I hope Ryan Long comes out with more music.
3.5 StarsNot sure how I feel about this album. I think i'm warming up to it after a few listens. He's very passionate i'll give him that, but just because I sing my heart out in worship doesn't mean people will pay money to listen to me.I will say that Volume 3 remains my favorite of this series.Edit*I have bumped this album from 3.5 to a solid 4 Stars. I found that due to a few songs, I just couldn't enjoy this album as much as I had hoped. After deleting 1. Jaw, 4. Gloria, 13. Morning, 16. Kerosene, the end result is an album that I can thoroughly enjoy.
Katelyn's music is filled with beautiful melodies that fit the lyrics in sometimes fun and unexpected ways.  The songs in this album are just her voice and guitar, but come across as sounding full and spontaneous.  The sound is folk/pop, singer/songwriter, that resonates with honesty and the sheer joy of performing.  Check it out, I think you will enjoy it!
I have long had a pet-peeve regarding 18th century folk songs; most people who record and perform the songs of the era affect a style more appropriate for Gentry performances of the period. Diane Taraz presents the songs in this recording in a style more keeping with what one would hear from the local songsters in tavern and hall.  Well presented without a pseudo-classical vocal style... This is folk music as it was meant and so it is easier to close your eyes and get a feel of "having been there". I applaud Ms. Taraz and will sing along.
I saw this band for the first time last month when they opened up for Against Me! and their music stayed with me afterwords. They write melancholic self deprecating odes disguised as indie pop songs, and kind of remind me of The Appleseed Cast. My favorite tunes are The Same Tattoos, Girls with Accents, and Boys Around Here.
The mission statement of UniversalRoyalty is to be a ministry of music, labored in love, founded and rooted in the grace and mercy of Jesus Christ. The band's goal is to intimately love, diligently obey, and humbly submit to the will of our Lord. They have committed to use their gifts to edify and encourage the body of believers, as well as, esteem and evidence the person of Jesus in their character, singing, teaching, and lifestyle, all of this established through the absolute truth of the Bible. Their prayer as a ministry is to usher others closer to Jesus and bring glory to God. With that background and having heard the band lead my church congregation in worship, I settled in to listen to their new EP, This Side Of The Sea, released August 1st.  Opening song "Feel It" begins with such a good guitar riff that it took me a couple of listens to fully recognize the message of the song, which is driven home with the excellent ending of the song "Oh, through Your blood, Lord, I've been set free, c'mon, Oh, this World has got nothing on me."  The live studio version is my favorite musically and this is my favorite overall song on the album.  The album ends with an acoustic version of the song. If you like alternative rock in the style of Red Hot Chili Peppers, check out this great song. Listening to the Toro brothers harmonize reminded me of a great classic rock song like "Peace Of Mind" by Boston. "God Leads Us Along" is next.  This song totally mixes it up musically and brings more of a southern gospel rock feel, complete with harmonica. The gospel message is very clear: "Some through the waters, And some through the floods, Some through the fire, But all through the Blood, God leads His children along." The female harmony part really caught my attention on this song. Great message and the melody really sticks with you."Pride On Parade" is a great title and features yet another musical style. This song has a classic piano rock style and ends with a great piano part for at least a minute, which I love.  The chorus reflects the truth of our human failure to fully submit to God in humility: "We have always been faithful, To plan our own way, Now we've got a whole human race full, Of pride on parade."  Title track "This Side Of The Sea" has another strong biblical message, "And we know, we know, and we've been shown, God's Son, He shapes and makes our home." The song is written and sung by Luis Toro, one of the 6 brothers that make up the band, along with David, Juan, Daniel, Marcos and Nick along with Chris Vasquez.  Another musical highlight for me is "Swing Low" which brings back the alternative rock feel, complete with turntable mixing by Juan and a Red Hot Chili Peppers style guitar and rap vocal part. This song is a re-write of the hymn "Swing Low Sweet Chariot" but with gang vocals and such a fun musical part again I had to re-listen to the song to really absorb the message which is "Swing Low, sweet chariot, Father come down here and take me up, `Cause I don't think they can handle my flow, Or the fact that you live in us, They criticize and size me up, But we only answer to the One above." What a great anthem of faith and a perfect way to bookend the fun and extremely diverse musical mix of songs before the acoustic recording of "Feel It."  I highly recommend picking up the 2 additional bonus tracks from the band's website especially "Someday Soon."  This song has a haunting keyboard part played by Chris and  emotional vocal cry: "Someday soon, when You get here, We will meet You in the air, Someday soon, when You get here, We will meet You in the air, And I will fly to You in the sky."  This is a great contemporary sounding song along with the other bonus track "142 Blues Remix" which brings back the rap vocals and alternative rock musical style.  Don't miss out on the bonus tracks as they really complete the musical experience.CLOSING THOUGHTSI can't say I've ever heard more diverse musical styles on one album. All 7 songs are interesting, filled with faith-based lyrics and for me the highlights are "Feel It," "Swing Low" and bonus tracks "Someday Soon" and "142 Blues Remix."  If you like alternative rock with gospel-infused lyrics, look no further than UniversalRoyalty.
I bought this to add to my seminary class prelude collection but find that I enjoy listening to it at home too, just for fun.  Not quite a 5 star for me because of personal preference mainly - not a "country" music fan and there is some twang here and there.  Also "Count Your Blessings" is a great song until the end when the female voice giggles and says its beautiful. Overall I really enjoy its upbeat feel and unique arrangement of hymns.
A nice, different, artistic and substantive take on traditional hymns.  Artists seem like professionals, not amateurs. Make another one Lower Lights!
I enjoyed this CD very much; especially Swing Low, Sweet Chariot. Glad I purchased it. They are a great group with a variety of voices. Lots of talent.
I love the collective effort & I'm amazed that they were able to pull this off. I already enjoy many of the individual artists and found that their collaboration gave me a greater appreciation for their artistic abilities. I look forward to more but hope that the direction doesn't go too far astray just to be different.
Vocal and instrumental versions of familiar tunes works well for this elementary school educator.  My kids love singing along and moving to the music.
This album is a wonderful listen from start to finish.  A good mix of slow tempo and up-beat songs make it a great album to just hit play and enjoy the music.
This a great album to warm your musical heart.  Each track connects together to form an album that is pleasing to the ear.
Fell in love with this from the theme song on Haven and had to have it.  I listen to it frequently and love it.
Unfortunately, Teddy Geiger, a very talented musician (instrumentalist, songwriter, and singer) - not to mention `sometimes actor' fell victim to the music industry.  Under promoted and underrated,  Geiger is ten-times more talented and more interesting than so much of the rest of the music industry, yet he is relatively unknown and it is doubtful this excellent EP,Living Alonewill arouse enthusiasm and interest in Geiger to a new audience because of lack of promotion (particularly being a digital-only, indie release).  Despite this fans - like myself - who purchased and love Geiger's debut album, 2006'sUnderage Thinking(possessed the hit "Confidence (For You I Will)"), will embrace this EP. It is as creative as his debut effort, and finds the singer further maturing vocally (he's now 22 I believe)."Lie Tonight (Like We Use Two)" is an exceptionally produced opening cut.  Here, Geiger's rasp/grit is stronger than before, giving off a nice soulful vibe to this cut, further accentuated by a thick, full bass line.  The songwriting is clever, and the length of this cut at under 3:00 is perfect.  Geiger opens up this EP batting `a thousand.' "What Kind of Love" is equally captivating, with an anthemic refrain and exceptional lyricism employed.  The drums are `big' in sound (think 1980s sounding drums), the guitars solid, and Geiger's soulful vocals are well mixed and clear.  No complaints or quibbles.  Grade `A' performances as of yet."Give It Up" features nice driving production work here and another captivating performance.  Vocally, Geiger is solid and nuanced as ever here.  The harmonic progression is nice underlying the production work.  Again, the production work leans in a soulful, retro-sounding direction with a full bass line helping to accentuate the `soulful' note of this cut.  "Give It Up" is captivating in overall conception with a slight change of scope at the refrain which makes this track less predictable than expected.  Overall, "Give It Up" is an `A+' performance in my mind."Sit and Wonder" is the most shocking (and my least favorite) of the EP.  The electronic driven production is interesting and it is both nice/surprising to hear Geiger go in this direction.  The cut does work and Geiger sounds a solid as always, but listeners will be divisive whether this particular performance is undoubtedly "great" or `an experiment that sort of works and sort of doesn't.'  Nonetheless, "Sit and Wonder" is interesting, even if purists will be the first to say Geiger `compromises who he really is.'"Living Alone" is `a step back in the right direction' for any doubters of "Sit and Wonder." Less captivating than the first three cuts, "Living Alone" is another solid and enjoyable cut.  The only major quibble may be the production work grows a bit too loud.  Closing cut "Drink It In" ranks with the very best of this EP (first three cuts) and makes the listeners wish this were a full album as opposed to a `teaser EP.'Overall, I truly dig and highly recommend this effort,Living Alone.  It is ashamed this album could not have been a bigger deal. Again, I think Geiger is a `talent deserving wider recognition.' 4 stars.
This CD is the latest offering from the very talented composer/musician/singer Gerry O'Bierne and is the first full CD collaboration with fiddler Rosie Shipley. My favorite tracks are "Labasheeda" whose lyrics are a poem, "Leaba Sh&iacute;oda," by Nuala N&iacute; Dhomhnaill, and a medley called "American Tunes" which includes the lament "There Ain't No Whiskey in this Town." This group of songs are as eclectic as the performers and sure to add texture and context to anyone's music collection.
Great Story and Rebbee Hill is a super storyteller. Kids will learn proper hashkofos and enjoy. The voices are also great.
Ryan Kelly is very talented and have enjoyed this CD very much. His voice is wonderful and strong, which really comes out when he is singing with Celtic Thunder, which is my favorite singing group.
I enjoyed this CD a lot. Ryan has a beautiful voice, and he wrote most of the lyrics and music. It is refreshingly different than most of the music from his group Celtic Thunder. Whereas most of the songs from Celtic Thunder are re-makes of popular pop/rock tunes, most of the songs on his album were original recordings and the style was more intimate. I felt like I got to know Ryan a little better thru his music.
Ryan's CD is pure enjoyment. He is a very talented young man and we hope to see and hear him in person at one of his concerts soon. He also exhibits a great deal of charm in his audio and visual performances.
Not really what I expected from Ryan considering what I have heard on the Celtic Thunder CDs; however, reading the insert explains a lot.  These are songs he has written and some probably when he was in his late teens.  They have the darkness and angst that seems to be a product of youth.  I will put it on my IPod with scramble and will enjoy.  For me, listening to the whole CD got a little but depressing.
loved this cd and enjoyed Ryan's voice and choices of music. I listen to it in the car and also while in the kitchen cooking
Yet another CT fan, slightly cautious about a solo album.  I am willingly admitting that Ryan is my favorite, and I love this album, a couple of the songs on this album probably saved my life.  But, that said, I think Ryan is capable of so much more.  The vocals are amazing, that rough sound is why most people fall in love with his voice, but the production of the album as a whole is rough.  The background vocals, while a lovely voice, sound out of place on most tracks, they are too loud and sound like something out of an old era when the songs speak of hurts so recent, the music seems confused one song modern the next almost classical.  The lyrics are beautifully written (all but Broken Things by Ryan himself, some alone some w/ the help of others I believe)and the songs have such potential and this album is amazing for a first try, but I believe that part two from RKMusicLTD will blow us out of the water!  I just believe that Ryan needs to figure out his sound and who he really wants to be as Ryan Kelly and not The Dark Destroyer of Celtic Thunder, once that falls into place he'll be unstoppable.
Would recommend this CD to any Celtic Thunder fans & all that love Ryan Kelly, a very talented guy. A very special CD.
I have no idea about pashto or afghan music.  But to me, even though this album contains old songs, it sounds more modern than the actual modern afghan/pashto music.  I like this better than a lot of the new afghan music.  But like I said, I no nothing about this subject.  Just my humble opinion.
I heard one of GreatStreet's songs on Pandora, "Thank You God".  I loved the lyrics and began searching for their album.  It was difficult to find them on the web because Google doesn't like the band's name.  (It kept separating the two words.)  So, I was glad to find their album on Amazon and be able to download it.  We listen to a lot of different music.  There's a few things I look for... genuine, simple instrumentation, solid and not surfacey lyrics, and good vocals.  I tend to like people like Alison Krauss, Lyndsay Taylor, and Audrey Assad.  I like this album. Most of it is very easy to sing along with.  A few of the songs are a little high, though.  The songs are clear and easy to listen to.  I'd recommend previewing all of the songs. You may find that you prefer a few of the songs over the others.  I kind of wish I'd purchased only Thank You God, but I will enjoy the other songs on the album as well.
We were introduced to the Hanz Araki Band at the 2011 Austin Celtic Festival.  It was an excellent concert and they performed songs from "Wind & Rain" along with their new album "Songs of Love and Murder". We loved them!  "Rain" is the second disc of the "Wind & Rain" double album and adds the vocal talents of Hanz and Kathryn Claire to their excellently performed Irish styled music. You don't need to be a lover of Irish music to enjoy one though.
The album is very nice. If your looking for good and decent Jewish music then this is for you. Enjoy!
It is good steady Blue Grass music. I would not put it on the super hits list, but it would wind up on most all standard play list.
A very nice CD for the Holiday season,The Music Flows well and is not over powering.Some of the tunes I was not familiar with
The artists are truly inspired on this album and the songs they chose wonderful.  I hope they continue to offer excellent music like this for years to come.
The songs are good. The CD has few songs and the style isnt consistent so its Nice to listen to
I came across Heather Dale about 3 years ago. The first songs I ever heard by her was Trial of Lancelot and Mordred's Lullaby. I was hooked after that. Granted the version of the aforementioned songs on this album was not the ones I was looking for but enjoyable nonetheless
This is a pretty cool album.  A nice mixture of instrumental pieces and vocal harmonies.  Standout vocal pieces are Mairi's Wedding and My Johnny Was a Shoemaker.  The instrumental piece, Flicker, reminds me of Loreena McKennit's band.  Highly recommended!
The first collection I'd found of the Makem brothers was good enough for me to risk seeing what happened when they paired up with other singers I didn't know and hadn't heard. And I was not sorry I took the risk. These four work extremely well together, fully as talented as Tommy Makem and the Clancy Brothers did. The sound is naturally different, but the quality is there.
Adopting the names of two of the most successful male pop duos, you already know that these girls are up to funny business.  Most of the songs explore male / female relationships in a fun and cheeky manner, however they do cover other areas of pop culture such as the rap / hip hop culture and social drug taking.  There is no language warning on the cover, so some people may be taken by surprise when the occassional rude word is uttered.
While I don't find all the songs to my taste, those that I do have me laughing and entertained. The language is definitely not safe for work or around small children or prudes for that matter.
Have to say it's more than a little annoying that 40% of the songs on this album are previously released songs from an album they released two years ago (Music Songs) albeit slightly tweaked versions... You would think in 2 years they'd come up with more than 6 songs.  Still,  very good album, and completely worth a buy especially if you don't already own Music Songs.
this is cosmic.  primitive.  pyscadelic.  danceable.  different.  even go as far as saying  its mountain music  that dosed.  this wont let ya down
The songs on this album are amazing.It is Carlebach style with Eitan Katz voice, I enjoy the CD very much. Songs are nice and it does not have the contemporary pop music to it.
Sean Roberts deserves full credit on the song...my dear friend in the UK...he did not get credit for this by Reverbnation who posted this....;(((
Great variety of styles and consistently excellent recording quality. Wish the mp3 version came with liner notes, but still a great listening experience!
I checked out the album after seeing him live a few times, and it's unfortunate that his talent isn't as obvious when it's recorded. He specializes in looping, which, when seen live, is nearly magical.  Kind of reminds me of being a little kid watching Bob Ross painting on public television. You know, the white guy with the huge afro who painted landscapes in 15 minutes right before your eyes? While Erik is obviously new to recording and songwriting, there is huge potential for a fuller sound, which can be heard on his track "hug". He needs a little time to figure out what he's doing, but I think it's worth buying the EP and supporting him so we can see what kind of magic he makes down the road. And if you ever have a chance to see him live - definitely go. He's genuine and talented; and you'll probably end up tapping a foot or bobbing your head or even becoming an instant fan.
3 of the songs on here are completely awesome out of 6 songs. its only 5.99 so its not too expensive
I saw the short movie about Kevin Grant and immediately wanted one of his CD's.  This is quality lyrics at their best.  While the CD lacks some in production it makes up for in the quality of musicianship, which is unique to say the least, and the quality of thought provoking lyrics.  I would love to see a studio production of his music, especially a quality live album.  Heck would love to see him live after listening to this and watching the documentary.  While I wanted just a tad more after seeing the film, I was satisfied to not give up and to more importantly want more, that isn't such a bad thing.
This intrigued  me enough to purchase. I like Pink Floyd, tradition instruments and Celtic music. Very well done.
A beautiful set of voices harmonizing beautifully. I heard &#34;Old Highway&#34; on &#34;Car Talk&#34; and was hooked.I know you will enjoy this album.
A great cd, you won't be disappointed. Elliot Smith meets Simon and Garfunkle. Singer-songwriter indie at its best. Peasant is an artist to keep an eye on.
This download was just what I had hoped it to be. A fresh look at the miusic of Mr. John Denver. I now follow Roy on Facebook and am looking forward to more of the same from Roy Rivers.
I love the music. I am disappointed in the video. It is a very poorly done. The camera just don't show you as an audience would see it. I blame the director. The scene changes look like they used an off the shelf video editing software. I have not seen those multi scenes on one screen with black borders since the 60's and even then they looked bad.My advice is close your eyes and listen to the music. You will love it the band is great.
Ian Bell - Chameleon Skin (Independent)Originally released in 2011, Ian Bell's "Chameleon Skin" was the English born / California-based singer-songwriter's five-track debut release. Chronicling a years worth of material, Bell writes wordy, lengthy songs that hang together like a collection of short stories, where individual verses tell a tale before morphing into something new but connected at the root. Four of the five songs clock in at over five minutes long, and each is crammed with verbose detail. His influences seem mostly British, with artists like Roy Harper and Richard Thompson near the top of the list, though there's little in his sound to link what he does to any particular time."Chameleon Skin" begins with the title track, where Bell relays a tumble of striking imagery; a mother's bathtub suicide and a daughter with a feather in her hair both remain ensconced, and though underpinned with sadness, the mood is one of regretful renewal. "Sharks" is just as desperate, with the sea, its dark depths and titular man-eaters cranking the levels of tension, despair and hopelessness. Musically sparse, Bell keeps the backing simple and raw, with just guitar and occasional harmonica, and his voice, weighed down with poignancy and fraught tenderness, all adding considerably to the mood.
this is great. I saw these two last night play love and bought their album. it is folk-ey, fun, honest, and very nice to listen to.
I just love this recording!!! To me Russ has the ultimate Bluegrass vioce. I just love to put this CD in and turn it up loud.I just cann't stay down when this CD is on. An instant smile, just add CD player!
Russell...You could have left the petal steel guitar out of this bluegrass album. I love a lot of the grass you did but the steel belongs in country....a dobro would have been just fine.....
For being the first album released by this group and apparently the only one as well (this came out in 2011) it is sad that it only contains four songs. Nevertheless the music itself is quite pleasing, and beautiful.  It has a relaxing and peaceful tone that allows the listener to drift away.  The last song 'Winds Are Silent' has a super video that you can watch in YouTube.  Not a bad album at all, my only complain as stated earlier is that it only contains four songs, and I really wished this group would have done more.
A definite change of pace from The Chariot and Norma Jean, this is a nice collection of southern acoustic folk - if that's a genre.A nice listen from start to finish.  I wouldn't say there are any duds or show-stoppers, just a nice album from start to finish.4 stars only because the mix buries the vocals a bit.  Sometimes, it's a strain to pick out the lyrics.  But overall, I love it.  I'd throw it into the same basket as Springsteen's Nebraska, Dustin Kensrue's Please Come Home, and Jon Foreman's Fall, Winter, Spring, Summer discs.
Davis Coen was kind enough to introduce me to Ms. Grace Askew in Memphis while attending the Blues Music Awards this year.  A friendly, cheerful young lady who is performing constantly in one of the best musical cities in America.What I didn't expect was the depth of her work here on this disc. This release captures a wide range of music - music which I refer to as American Roots music - incorporating Blues, Alternative Country, and a dash of alternative modern. With these 11 cuts Ms. Askew treats us to some of the more sultry vocals that I have heard of late. Her voice falls somewhere between Etta James, Tom Waits and Neko Case. That is not a bad thing.'Been Broken Too' and 'Go My Way' are two of the bluesier tunes. With a solid swampy feel Ms. Askew and the band paint pictures that are more complex than we first realize. Like a fine dinner offering from a top notch chef, we at first, take in the general appearance (sound wise) then as we begin to immerse ourselves in it we only then fully appreciate what is being presented to us. 'Midtown' offers us a musical film-noir commentary on the urban landscape and it's inhabitants that could exist in almost any inner city neighborhood.There is so much to be enjoyed on this release (10 of the 11 are originals and 1 is co-written with Davis Coen). I firmly believe that we need to embrace what these young talented artists are bringing into the Blues - without them I fear the tent will not grow and wither from inside.Visit us at blues411.com for even more groovy stuff dealing with the blues.
Emish is a relatively new Celtic rock band. Their music is terrific!If you like Irish music, try this band
While not their best album, it's still very good. The problem is that most of their albums are quite exceptional, in my humble opinion, so that when this one fell slightly short of that ideal, I was initially disappointed. On further listening, it's still far better then the mass produced junk that floods the American airwaves. Thanks to Hair of the Dog for another great album, I just wish they would tour Florida.
Great album. Really awesome lyrics. I wish I had purchased it sooner. Great to worship to. Farther Along is my favorite.
I think that after a few listens I might rate this higher.  I haven't quite yet dug into the nuances of his lyrics, but they seem insightful and realistic. Garrels does not put on rose-colored glasses when he sings about faith. He realizes that a life of faith is hard and not all pie in the sky.  He has a nice mellow, but distinct voice, and he is a good musician.  I am hard to please, but I like this.
Dougie MacLean is a tremendous talent.  His songs resonate in the ear and in the soul.  Some seem almost like little jewels that come right from a music box with an almost mathematical precision.  Others just explode before you.  This is a compilation of some of his earlier work.  It's good.  However, my advice is get all the older original recordings and enjoy them from the start.  He's more than worth it.
I really really  like this song.  This young lady is talented and I can't wait to hear more from her.  I hope an album is on the way.
With four traditional tunes, five originals, and eight covers, the Missouri-based string band Blackberry Winter has produced a pleasant album chock full of downhome flavor and personality. These self-professed "old hillbillies" have long resumes with folk, big band, swing, rockabilly and even funk music. Common interests in music, friendship and camaraderie bring the folks together from many walks of life. Blackberry Winter's seven eclectic members have also pursued careers in journalism, broadcasting, photography, nature study, music teaching, massage therapy, realty and home remodeling. The band originally formed when singer/storyteller Marideth Sisco pulled them together to play soundtrack music for "Winter's Bone," an award-winning, thrilling melodrama set in the Missouri Ozarks. The rest of the affable group is Dennis Crider (guitar), Bo Brown (guitar, mandolin, Dobro), Van Colbert (clawhammer banjo), Linda Stoffel (vocals, washboard), Tedi May (bass), and Billy Ward (fiddle). The album's liner notes don't credit the male singers, but one would presume that it's Bo Brown singing his own self-penned "Small Town."As an original tribute to their home, the album opens with Sisco's passionate statement about the "rich, deep current of life always running through these Ozarks Hills." The songs with spare instrumental settings are especially effective for the nostalgic and evocative sentiments. "Cold Rain and Snow" brings chills with its rustic accompaniment of only banjo and fiddle. Tom Waits' "House Where Nobody Lives" and Hedy West/Don West's "Anger in the Land" and Hazel Dickens' "Fly Away Little Pretty Bird" are also sparsely arranged to impart old-timey front porch intensity that is remarkably powerful storytelling. The project also taps the repertoires of such luminaries as Dave Macon, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Natalie Merchant, Kate Long, and Bill Carlisle. I've heard several bands cover "Who Will Watch the Home Place," and that kind of song seems a perfect fit for this band's ethos and approach....as do "Gone Home" and "The Water is Wide."Blackberry Winter is a successful regional band, and they recently completed a 27-city "Amazing Geriatric Hillbilly U.S. World Tour" to promote the Winter's Bone soundtrack. It's nice to see them keeping the ensemble together, as well as pursuing a variety of string band styles. While large-scale commercial success may elude them, I'm sure they have a solid fan base in Old Mizzoo. "Use It Up" might even have a biographical thread - "no need to strive for riches, you can patch it up with kisses, it ain't old, it ain't old, it ain't old, it's just seen a lot of life."  Sung from the heart, their music helps us lay down heavy burdens and weary bodies. A swingy song like "City Kicks" might best capture their prevalent message - "I'm going to throw away all my bills, when I get to those Ozark Hills, and trade these old hard times for an easy chair. And I ain't gonna need no liquor, gonna hang with them guitar pickers, gonna play away my blues when I get down there."  (Joe Ross, Sun209: The Americana Music Journal)
Love it! Blackberry winter is a fine example of americana. Fly away little pretty bird my favourite track. Marideth sisco is a legend.
First, the disclaimer--I have known the artist for more than ten years.  Many years ago, we were members of the Silverwinds Living Carpet together, a collection of bards who exchanged material and just generally made music and told stories together.  My review is coloured by that, and you should know that going in.That said, you should buy her album anyway.  For one thing, even from those Living Carpet days, she surrounded herself with other talents, several of whom worked with her on this album.  She has also been polishing some of these songs for almost that long--though my favourite, "Faerie Tales," is new to me.  And a game--how many of the stories identified in the lyrics can you name?I have admired her talent for many years.  She has a soft, ethereal voice, and her own songs are well suited to it.  She is influenced by traditional Celtic music and more modern music of the SCA/Renaissance faire tradition.  And Elfquest, apparently.  And folk tales.  In fact, she is influenced by everything she comes across, and she has taken much of the best of it for this album.  I have no doubt that more good stuff is soon to come.  I expect nothing less of her.
Leannan Sidhe has stunning vocals which alternately soothe (in the beautiful lullaby-esque songs) and crawl up one's spine (on such tracks as "Footsteps").  The musicians behind the lead singer are all clearly talented and do a wonderful job of creating both atmosphere and depth.  This singer-songwriter sings all original songs, which is a breath of fresh air.  "Fragile Dreams" is an amazing first album and I hope to see many more albums from this artist.
Freebo has been in the music business for years. Early in his career with the bas player who held Bonnie Raitt's blues records together. But that was then; this is now. For the last four or five years the L.A.-based Freebo has been writing songs and self-releasing albums, a few of which I've reviewed. (He's still a super fretless bass player as he's proved the numerous times I've seen him play live.).This most recent album contains 10 self-penned songs that range in style from humor ("She Loves My Dog More Than Me" - which would have fit in nicely on his previous "Dog People" album and the throw away topical song "My Personal GPS") to the bluesy "Afternoon Heat", the track that shows off his fingering technique the most. Freebo's new songs are often introspective, the most revealing being "If Not Now, when?" - which really tells us WHY he is putting his bass expertise a bit in the background to focus on songwriting and vocal performance. Read the lyrics - they are all printed on the enclosed booklet - and you'll see where he's coming from. This is one of my favorites on the album.Actually the album has a great leadoff track with the clear sound of a French horn setting the mood for another introspective song, "Standing Ovation".Freebo has always had a great circle of friends in the music industry and he calls on some of them here. The one non-Freebo song - "I Don't Believe in Yesterday" comes from Dan Navarro, who joins him on harmony vocals.  Guitarist Jeff Pevar (who seems to have played with everyone and was a member of CPR with David Crosby) helps out on two tracks. And all "guns" are pulled out for the closeout track "Sometimes it's for Nothin'" with guitarist Albert Lee backing Freebo on a song you'll find yourself singing along with.Another nice effort by Freebo as he continues to explore his emotions and share thwem through his songs, CDs and live performances.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
I saw Tyler perform in Austin at this wonderful little bar during SXSW and I immediately fell in love with his music and his style.  I bought the cds there and then loaded them onto my computer at work.  I always have music playing in the background while I work and it seems like every time a song catches my ear and I look to see who it is, it's Tyler.  Very catchy interesting music and songs.  I would recommend buying this album and the one either right before it or right after it.  These are the only two I have experience with but I am very pleased with my purchase!
Very similar in sound to Spiral Dance.  Very upbeat and perky...great CD to listen to in the car...destined to become a driving favorite
Greenrose Faire - Neverending Journey (Independent)Greenrose Faire is a six-piece medieval folk-rock band from Finland. I imagine live they're an absolute blast, and go down a storm at medieval fairs, and suchlike, but "Neverending Journey", their debut long-player, is worthy of attention in its own right. Their jaunty playing, Tomi Hyttinen's songs and Salla Rimmi's classic folk vocals come together to form something that falls between Steeleye Span's finer moments and the hugely enjoyable Circulus. The fact that their record sleeve brings to mind the minstrels in Ingmar Bergman's "The Seventh Seal" just adds to the kudos.Unusually for this sort of project, they neither pander to metal fans or proggers. Instead they stick to their own vision of five hundred year old song and dance music, with the latter desire to get an audience moving, an important factor. It's rare that I come across so many instruments that I don't know. These include a dadgad guitar, mandocello, Irish bouzouki and ifteli. If their desire was to worry my spellchecker, they've succeeded on several counts.There are a number of tracks on "Neverending Journey" that I find myself returning to with some frequency. The opening call to arms of "Dance 'Til Morning Light" seems to function in the same way as Fairport's "Come All Ye" on "Liege And Lief". "Beggars And Thieves" has all the energy of The Levellers at their most strident (I am, of course referring to the crusty folk-rock band rather than the 17th century English radicals), and not forgetting "Witchdance", another floorshaker, and not unlike All About Eve - but considerably more fun.
Good Filk/Folk music.
This little-known band is a must if you like meaningful lyrics, a rockin' fiddle, and something just a little different than the main stream sound out there.  Don't ask me to categorize them, because I don't know that much about music.  What I do know is that many bands produce music that starts to all sound alike after awhile; not so with the Adam Burns Band.  The song "Don't Call Me Zero" on this album sounds very much like the song "Freedom" from the album Freedom.  Otherwise, the songs on their four albums are all unique.
I heard this amazing lady sing in person last night.  She has a beautiful, clear voice - one you could listen to for hours.  The few songs I've heard from the album were excellent - I've no doubt the entire thing is fabulous.
It is amazing how the story can be transformed into the beautiful melody. Thank you for your creations, Your music reminds about time of Romeo and Juliet, true love and inspiration. Great work!
Lara's videos are huge on youtube and it's great to finally hear her music in high quality professional recordings.  It's folk that will make you freak!  If "Between The Lines" does make you shed a single tear, then, sorry, but there is no hope for you!  Lara is one of the best female singers I know (and being a musician I know plenty.)  Rock on!
Josie Beck & Robert Dean - Twilight Folk (Independent)Josie Beck and Robert Dean are a couple of acclaimed singer-songwriters and performers, and "Twilight Folk" is their debut as a duo. It's a mix of country, folk and pop and fits neatly into the contemporary Americana genre, with its homey back porch style and easy way with a tune.Beck earned her music spurs recording demo vocals, playing in bar bands and a stint as DJ on a country music station. Dean is an established New York-based singer-songwriter. Together they sing their songs, harmonizing to good effect and pick out a pair of interesting songs to cover. Neil Young's "Harvest Moon" is a perfect ode to love, old and renewed - they almost pull it off. Springsteen's "Thunder Road" get's stripped back to its base elements, and Beck's lead vocal is astounding. Dean's voice is gravelly and fragile, but when they sing together, its flaws are wholly forgivable.Of their own songs, highlights are the driving "Radio Days" and the twangy and utterly lovable "Aching For Always". Check `em out if you can.
Basically, if you like pot, you`ll like this song. Sounds like they had fun writing it and performing it. A good time for sure!
Calum MacDonald - Songs From The Grove (Outer Blue Records)Australian singer-songwriter Calum MacDonald is an assured lyricist with the confidence to write about the things he cares about, whether it's love and regret, or social matters. He does so in a gentle, unhurried style that draws listeners into his tales. On his website he cites mainly contemporary influences such as Bonnie Prince Billy, Bill Callaghan and Ron Sexsmith, but for me, his words, his poetry (the album is bookended by two spoken word pieces) and very occasionally his voice, all bring Leonard Cohen's early work to mind.I'm sure it's a comparison MacDonald wont object to, especially as "Songs From The Grove" is hardly in thrall to any single stimulus and his songs stand up to proper scrutiny. My favourites, "Shaky 48" with its driving folk rhythm and lyrical excursions, the `70s West Coast affectation of "Earth" and the borrowed Dylan(isms) of "Feel Like Another Cup Of Coffee" all indicate a singer-songwriter slightly out of time, but that neither detracts from the quality of his verses or listener satisfaction. Have a listen if you get the chance.
Jack Hardy was a prolific and (in my opinion) very uneven singer songwriter. Some of his songs are incredibly brilliant; others are to me fairly trite. I fell in love with "All Saints Eve" the first time I heard it, as a college student in the late 1970's.  I have had the album for years. The poetry is almost always interesting, and the musicianship is fairly good.  The poetry is frequently literary.  "The Potter's Field" is both a metaphor for the way we live our lives and imagery from the New Testament.  The title track "The Nameless One" is inspired by both Celtic mythology and the works of W.B. Yeats. "Dover to Dunkirk" talks about World War II. And yet sometimes I think that some of the poetry reads better than it sounds.  If you listen to nothing else on this album, I absolutely recommend "All Saints Eve". It is one of the most beautiful hymns to the goddess I have ever heard, and is it is also replete with references to the prechristian religion of Western Europe.  The lyrics present a challenge to the student of world literature and history. But is also an aural delight that is both singable and danceable. If you do nothing else, download this song.  And if you are as entranced by it as I was so many years ago, take the time to listen to rest of the album and to read the lyrics.it was all saints evethough some call it halloweenand all the saints were therequite decadent and obscenewhen i crashed through the doorjust to make myself heardthey said what are you here forand what are these wordsWhat are these words?  And they will crash through the doors of your mind.
With each song dedicated to a family member or friend, guitarist/singer Ma Crow clearly shows what's important in her life ... along with traditional mountain music, of course. While currently based in Cincinnati, Ma Crow's roots extend back to Scott County, Tn. where she'd wander the hills and meadows of the Cumberland Plateau. Her musical vision for "Smoky Junction" was to revisit the wonderful front porch music that nostalgically harkens back to simpler days full of happiness, contentment, love and honesty. Perhaps that same vision is why Father of Bluegrass Music Bill Monroe once simply called his music "heartfelt music." Crow taps into traditional repertoire, as well as offerings from the likes of Sarah Carter, Louvin Brothers, Hazel Dickens, Don Stover, Delmore Brothers, Redd Stewart/Pee Wee King, and even Gram Parsons. Thus, her influences range from old-time to folk, brother duets to bluegrass, classic country to spiritual. Opening with "I've Just Seen the Rock of Ages" is an expressive way to not only pay tribute to her deceased East Tn. ancestors but to also take us "homeward bound" up "on the mountain." Her vocal style is more restrained than, say, the same song done by Ralph Stanley, Larry Sparks or Flatt & Scruggs, but it's a nice contrast. She can still impart plenty of drive into a song like Hank Bradley and Larry Hanks' "The Lonesome Cowboy's Breakfast," but I must confess to having a slight preference for Jody Stecher and Kate Brislin's rendition.Ma Crow's a longtime veteran of folk and bluegrass music with many years of regional performing experience, most notably with the all-woman band of Katie Laur, another native of Tennessee who makes her home in Cincinnati. More recently, Ma Crow played with The Motherpluckers (nominated for a Cincinnati Entertainment Award), and The Lady Slippers (which formed in May, 2011). That all-woman quartet features beautiful acoustic music and sweet harmonies. This album features many of Ma Crow's current picking pals, most conspicuously the proficient multi-instrumentalist Trina Emig who appears on every cut. She's a solid contributor, especially with banjo and mandolin, and I understand that she even has her own instrumental album out. The other two members of The Lady Slippers appear in fairly minor roles. Bassist Vicki Abbott plays on "Foggy Mountain Top," and Margie Drees sings harmony on that cut and "Thy Burdens are Greater than Mine." This album also has a prevalence of Jim Huey's Dobro and Sylvia Mitchell's fiddle. To varying degrees, other instrumental guests on this CD include Natalie Cunningham (bass), Laura Hasek (fiddle), Andy King (guitar), Brad Meinerding (mandolin, guitar), and Meghan Coil (fiddle). My guess is that most of them are regional musicians from the Cincinnati area. For a little variation in the set, Andy King also sings the lead vocals on "Things in Life," a song that is perhaps banjo-player Don Stover's best known composition.Ma Crow and friends have created a pleasant, low-key album. There are weekly Cincinnati radio shows called "Abbott's Bluegrass Habit" and "Music from the Hills of Home." I'd be surprised if these purveyors of old-time mountain music don't find a fair amount of airplay on these shows. They embrace friendship, family, honesty and mountain music. We sincerely appreciate Ma Crow's dedication and devotion to these values. (Joe Ross, Roots Music Review)
4.5 Stars, It gave me back my motivation, during my workouts, especially my runs, it takes me back to Basic Training, and Active Duty. Thanks for the Boost.
I am a horrible runner, and always have been...EXCEPT while I ran in formation in the military. Is it a psychological thing? Probably. Nevertheless...running with these DIs, black hats, and special operators screaming in my ear again make all that much easier to push through. ;)
I would recommend this mp3 to any former military looking to get back into the daily PT mindset after going Hollywood after leaving the service for any length of time.
This workout cadence really got me going. Just when I get ready to leave the gym, I put this on and  I'm running for twenty more minutes. Rock Steady!
First let me say that running /  jogging is not real high on my list of fun workouts. I prefer elliptical, biking, rollerblading, etc. though I have always walked quite a lot. This has got me running farther than any other music I play. It is so easy to lose yourself in the rhythm and just move and breathe. Highly recommended!
In starting training for a Fire Department Physical Agility Test I started listening to '50 Workout Cadences'.  I knocked four minutes off of my time in the first three runs by listening.  Recommend to anyone looking for a DI without actually having a DI.
Good cadences in general, even if they don't get the words right to some of the songs. Would be nice if there were a CD that the songs were the same tempo consistently for running along with.
This is great for running and keeping a solid tempo. I tend to get distracted when I run and will end up running faster then burning myself out..but these cadences are great for keeping the tempo and keeping me on track so to speak.
I run, jog and walk using these cadences. They help keep me focused on the rhythm instead of the workout. Outstanding job.
An excellent choice for fans of traditional, acoustic music, these two people/guitars/voices fit togethor very well, and make some satisfyiing noise. I would love to see/hear them live.
This is one of those albums that you wish you could give it 4 1/2 stars.The negative - the only reason that I didn't give it five stars was two songs struck me as off  - Bonnie Maid of Fife and Coshieville . Although competently performed these two songs just didn't come near the level that were given by the McCalmans during a live performance several years ago.The positive - This is a must buy if you are a serious Celtic/Scottish Folk music lover the quality of their voices is outstanding and the songs on this album are a listening pleasure
David Thomas Broughton has a voice comparable to Antony with a twinge of Johnny Cash. Deep and broad, lonely but wise, inciting wintertime and concrete, music particularly fresh for the way he brings folky organic sounds together with just the right amount of electronic tweaks and indie mixing.
This Oakland, California quartet first turned up two years ago with the rustic, down-tempoRussian River Songs, a short collection that brought to mind the minimalism and melancholy of Richard Buckner's early works. After gigging and developing their sound, they've returned to the studio to record this first full-length. The focal points of their sound remain Skip Allums' languid vocals and Sam Tokheim's pedal steel, and though the tempos remain restrained, the subdued tone of their debut has given way to the more aggressive energy of Adam Burstein's drumming and guitars that are strummed with purpose. Allums has written several songs for his native Baton Rouge, but the lyrical voice is as much that of an ex-lover as an ex-pat. He rummages through bittersweet memories, happily nostalgic from across the physical and temporal divide that separates him from the flawed object of his desire. He longs to return to a place that only exists in his rose-colored memory, just as one might long for a relationship whose rough edges have been obscured by time. He's homesick, but not enough to actually return. The band adds brass (courtesy of Ralph Carney) to "Brother," rocks a Velvet Underground rhythm riff on "Evangeline Blues" and strikes a New Orleans groove for the closing "(I'm Not) Gonna Waste Another Song on You," but it's their weathered Americana that remains their calling card. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
I've listened to this album and bought it because I liked it from start to finish.  I liked a lot of the songs here andbecame a fan.  I've read the reviews and thought they didn't really hear the album like I did.  I didn't hear any screaming at all.  I did hear a lot of love songs and thought this is pretty good. It's not perfect, but to me it was good.
Overall, I like the CD.  It starts out strong and really ushers your heart into receiving from the Lord.  There are moments when Olivia's voice is kind of shrill and when the songs are a bit repetitive.  They are all basically voice/guitar combo but some songs like &#34;Thief In The Night&#34; carry their own vibe and break away from the pattern of the other songs.  As far as this being a debut full length for this artist, I'd say we can expect GREAT THINGS in the future and I hope that there are forthcoming projects on the rise.
I found the lyrics to be very refreshing and multilayered.  The music itself is almost haunting at times.  This is a great album as long as you don't mind feeling a little bit sad.
I first saw these guys at the food truck rodeo in freemont, they were amazing! I went up and asked if they had a CD for sale, I bought down the hatch for $5, I owe them at least $15 for burning it for friends. I was super glad to see it pop up tonight when I searched their name, very happy to buy it again and get it on my kindle, the only down side is that the songs are out of order...#4 should come right after #1...etc, hard when you're singing the next song as one ends and then that's not the song that comes on, but its all steller music!!!
I was looking for something a little different and this fit the bill.  The remakes of Kashmir and WHite Rabbit are really good.
Great music.  I liked Tideland a little better as it has more of a Celtic flavor but that's just my preference.  Roseland seems to have more of a Persian flavor which I imagine they were looking to do.  Both a good but enjoyed one a little more than the other.
I bought the album sight unseen because I know the artist. That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Jesse's range is quite impressive.
Mree reminds me a lot of Nora Jones except Mree's voice is 1000 times better. Very chill music with an airy heavenly sound to it. She definitely has a lot of potential. I can't wait for her to release more albums.
Wow if i lived in the New Jersey area I would totally get her autograph. From the beginning when I first viewed her first single I was amazed to how well she can control her voice and I immediatley bought her first single. Allthough she may need a little more improvement on the way she writes her songs (to give a little critique) I very much enjoy how she portrays her voice and that is character. And as proof she has many covers to show off her prowess in her channel on YouTube (MreeBee3). Although, there is still  room for improvement, I believe supporting her will reap many benefits in the future to come.
Once again, The Miserable Offenders put their soul into their music and the listener can hear it. Listening to their music lifts the spirit.
Satchel Paige & The Windup - Faulty Wiring (The Dust Factory)Recorded in East Nashville, Tn., "Faulty Wiring" is Satchel Paige's debut release with The Windup, a group of friends and acquaintances who came together just to play on the record. Amongst the group, there are a couple of names I know: bass man Jon Estes is a well known player with various left-field country sorts and keys man Kai Welch I recall from several Nashville groups, most prominently Bobby Bare Jr.'s band.There's just a slither of country music influence to be found on "Faulty Wiring", given the location and the players involved, and instead Paige and his compatriots have mostly come up with a concise collection (eight tracks, 40-ish minutes) of indie-folk vignettes that gently unwind, relentlessly drawing the listener in. Of course, there other influences are at play, and some of them will surprise. On one of their webpages there's a mention of Mark Knopfler, alongside Grandaddy and Radiohead; the latter pair sound about right, and when I listen to the title track, "A Heart Grown Old" and "Arrow in The Quiver" I can hear a twist of late period Nirvana - not as loud, desolate or full of angst, but there all the same. On "Less Numb Than Some" there are hints of both Neil Young and Richard Thompson, though on "Name, License & Registration", there's nothing I can be certain about, except for the fact that it's possibly the most addictive pop song I've stumbled upon for some time.
Andrew D. Huber - Days Amidst The Dust (NorthLight Records)The third solo album from the Gecko Club frontman, Andrew D. Huber, is another hugely satisfying slab of lively Celtic folk-rock. Lyrically, he's coming out fighting, with songs of resistance and reclamation providing no shortage of fist-in-the-air moments. When he's at full tilt, he hits his acoustic guitar like it's wronged him in a previous life, but for the most part he shows mercy, and let his voice and words provide the passion. He fills out the sound with various wood and string instruments, including bouzouki and mandolin.The album opens with "Resurrection Mary", a wonderfully evocative title for a song that refers to Chicago's infamous hitchhiker ghost story, though Huber messes with the narrative and turns it into something different. Perhaps it's a love song - definitely a song of longing. It's my favourite track here, but there's plenty more good stuff to enjoy. "Grand Marais" transports the listener to the banks of Lake Superior and the Minnesota harbour town that gives the song its name. It's a song about the troubadour life, a form that when done well can be compelling. Here Huber nails it. On "Bottom of the Glass" he teaches his guitar a lesson it won't forget in a while, and it's good and rousing. "Letter from St. Paul" is no less powerful, though infinitely quieter.
San Antonio Current Music EditorAural Pleasure ReviewVictoria Celestine: From the OutsideBy Enrique LopeteguiPublished: November 22, 2011You may have heard of 15-year-old Victoria Celestine. When she was 14 (and known as Victoria Zaleski), she recorded a handful of tracks with producer Gordon Raphael and did a few well-received acoustic shows here and there. Now she's released her first full-fledged album of mostly original songs (except for a wonderful, minimalist version of "La Vie En Rose" and a slow, violin-driven "Love Me Tender" as a hidden track), this time produced by Jacob Sciba in Austin. It is easy to see what attracted Raphael in the first place &iexcl; she has a magical voice that sounds like Norah Jones on chamomile tea, and a songwriting talent rarely found in teenagers. Her mix of pop, folk, French chanson, and country is simple, but the songs are terrific and, as soon as you think you know what's coming, she stops cold or drops unexpected lyrical tricks like "I just want to mmm, I just want to oh" ("Run," one of her best tracks). Yes, she's too harmless at times, and I wish she had a little less sugar and a little more danger. But this isn't sugar: it's agave nectar. And she'll get it. Just wait a few years and see.&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; 1/2 (out of 5 stars)DisqusLikeDislikeAdd New Comment
I've had a bodhran for years, but except for taking the occasional bodhran workshop at the local music store, it mostly just resided all alone in the closet, have only recently started seriously working with it.  Since lessons are waaayyyy too expensive, I thought this would be useful.  The instructor goes through the songs you will find at a session - reel, jigs, slip jigs, hornpipes, polkas, etc., first describing the structure of the songs (i.e. it's time signature, tempo, and which beats are accented) and gives very practical advice on how to identify what kind of tune is being played. She also describes a couple of ways of approaching each kind of tune.  She then talks you through the first few bars of a song and lets you take over from there.  It's a good CD and has been very helpful for me.
The Rifters - The Great River (Howlin' Dog Records)Natives of Taos, New Mexico, The Rifters formed in 2002, drawing members from local bands, the Hired Hands and the Rounders. The new band got their act together pretty quickly, carving out an innovative bluegrass-country-rock sound, and recording and releasing their debut in 2004. Mixing up original material and well-chosen covers, they've continued that approach for their follow-up release, "The Great River".For any band playing bluegrass, or any of its various subgenres, quality musicianship is a must. The Rifters don't disappoint. They're top players, and both Don Richmond's lead vocal and the band's harmony singing spills from the speakers in a most congenial way. They're skilled songwriters, too, with tracks like "He's a Drifter My Friend" and "It Just Might Be Me" holding their own alongside songs by Steve Earle, Butch Hancock and Johnny Cash.The CD begins with Earle's "You're Still Standing There", to which they bring a distinct folk edge. It's an apt opening and perfectly sets up their jaunty take on Keb' Mo's "Tell Everybody I Know". Further highlights appear regularly: Cash's "Passin' Though" is stirring and beautifully played, Van Morrison's "Bright Side of the Road" is broke down and rebuilt in a country-roots style, and it breathes new life into the song. Their take on Butch Hancock's "She Never Spoke Spanish to Me" is almost as good as Joe Ely's.
This is the first album released by the band Loner's Junction, so it has its flaws. The vocals are novice and every now and then you can hear a mistake in the music, if you have a professional ear and know what to listen for, but other than that its great. The lyrics definitely touch my heart and are very inspirational.I know the band members personally and their testimonies are awesome. This album was an amazing effort by an amazing group of people, so if nothing else, I would recommend it just to support them. You know, artists can only get better with more resources and more financial support, so here's a thumbs up to a great start!
You'll enjoy this recording of Irish ballads and folk songs.  There's even a Handel piece: Where 'Ere You Walk from Semele.  James Nicol's tenor is bright and clear; the accompaniments are sweet and simple.  If your goal is to listen to a good Irish Tenor, you can't go wrong. The focus here is on the voice.
Benjamin Woods - Moon Window (Independent)Benjamin Woods is a young singer-songwriter from Vancouver, and "Moon Window" is his debut album. Recorded at the beginning of 2011 with various brothers and gypsy friends, its exuberant indie-folk songs and enthusiastic upbeat tone will surely strike a chord with fans of Arcade Fire and the bands they've inspired, as well as late period Tom Waits and even Tim Buckley. Woods has a great voice, a little quirky and affected, but in a good way and his songs force the listener to pay full and proper attention.The range of instruments his band play add plenty of variety to Woods' songs, so we get Teryl Jackson's haunting flute, particularly effective on "Manzanita" and contrasting sweetly with a heavily strummed acoustic guitar. The ten-minute title track starts slow and simple, as if pacing itself for the journey ahead, but gets considerably more active as the minutes tick by, and by the time assorted strings, piano and farm tools have joined the party, Woods is bawling like a man possessed. It's possibly the best thing here, it's certainly has epic qualities, though the fantastic pop writing of "Patient Baby (Hard Just Too)" is just as impressive. Indeed, if quantum mechanics and parallel universe theories are to be accepted, it's almost inevitable that it's a hit someplace, in some undiscovered alternate dimension.
Andy Billups - Afton Down (Independent)Andy Billups is the bass player in The Hamsters (fans will know him as Ms. Zsa Zsa Poltergeist), and "Afton Down" is his debut solo record. I'm happy to admit I had certain expectations when the album arrived in the post, all of which were dashed almost immediately. Known primarily as a blues-rocker, for this collection Billups has utilized a completely different approach. Inspired by the location of the 1970 Isle Of Wight Festival, and in particular by a Bob Aylott photograph (entitled "Afton Belle") depicting a heavily pregnant hippie girl standing amongst a sea of tents on the site's Desolation Row, Billups has crafted a record with folk and almost ambient elements, as well as rockier outcrops.Billups is no singer, and he begins his album with two instrumental pieces, both featuring nothing more than keyboards and programming, and the tracks set the scene with a craggy, rural ambience. It's a soundtrack for walking on windswept hillsides and uncultivated fields of grass and stone. Apart from a later instrumental piece, the remarkable seven-minute "The Short Score", three vocalists have been drafted in to give voice to Billups' words. Ray Brown gets the majority of the songs, and the best of them, "Afton Belle" retains the atmosphere of the earlier instrumentals. My favourite of the trio, Bethan Waters, best nails the folkier aspects of the material and the musicians respond accordingly. Try and hear "Straight Arrow", in particular.With The Hamsters giving advance warning of their retirement in 2012, it'll be interesting to see if Billups can go on and carve out a career as a solo artist. I hope he gives it a go, because as "Afton Down" indicates, not only is he a fine musician, but he's also not short of ideas. That's definitely a talent worth cultivating.
This is a great album.It's filled with punk and whiskey, and old stories told by the railroad tracks, and justice, and love, and "wasn't love after all, but I was drunk at the time", and anger, and possibly a little murder.... I'm rambling. Whatever. It's good. So sayeth me. Of course, I could be anyone, I mean, I could be the deranged wino who lives on the other  side of the train tracks and spend his days and night howling his misery to the moon........hmm, actually, that would probably be a bonus in this case.... okay, rambling again.Getting back to the point though, I'm just a guy. I do know my music though, and I like this. You probably want some referents, to help you figure out what all my gushing praise is about though. So here, picture, if you will, a bit of Dresden Dolls (in that this music takes liberal slices from musical history, and does interesting things to them), a bit of Tom Waits (in that it's bluesy and warped and stays with you), and a lot of Oakland. Where life is grimy, and scruffy, and oftentimes drunk, but always really really alive.If that's not enough for you, then, well, I don't know what else to say.p.s. see them live. really. you really really need to see them live.
I like the music and thought this was better than the first album.  It's different than most I've heard but Ireally liked this album too.  I liked I'm Sailing Away... which I thought was very good.  That's the song that I really liked and bought the album for that song.
John Roy Zat - Solo (Flyin' Bayou)John Roy Zat comes from a long line of American singer-songwriters who occupy that space between traditional country and folk music. You know the people I'm talking about; Guy Clark, Steve Young and John Prine come to mind, but there're probably a thousand others. In olden times (the `70s) they were often referred to as the `new Dylan', but feel free to delete ol' Bob's name and replace with Hank Williams, Woody Guthrie, Gram Parsons or Ryan Adams, depending on your age, tastes or inclination.There's enough silver in Zat's hair to suggest he's not the new anyone, but that hasn't stopped him writing a collection of songs that tap straight into that tradition. The fact that he's a talented fiddle player brings another dimension to "Solo" and it fleshes out his guitar and vocal to good effect. The album begins with "Headed for the Promised Land" adapted, I believe, from an old Chuck Wagon Gang spiritual, though its origins are probably far earlier, and it's a fine introduction. "Irish Waltz" tells the story of meeting his wife and "Moths to a Flame" is simply a first-rate song of loss and redemption. The final two cuts, "Down in Mexico" and "Long Train Coming" end proceedings on a high, the latter an upbeat train song - surely the stock-in-trade of any American singer-songwriter worth their salt.
I can't speak highly enough about this album, "Golden Hour" and "Sunblind Post" are just heart-wrenching songs, Sid's an incredibly talented artist.
Tremendous new solo album by Hotel Alexis frontman and former Torrez guitarist Sidney Lindner. Not a collection of song, but a dark psychological journey through the the windswept dreams. The sun does rise occasionally on the journey. Lindner's voice is more reminiscent of Silver Jew or National with more freedom of expression but not in range. The arrangements are delicate in a modern folk sense but supportive and varied to the song. Join the climb to the mountain sun.
Peter Churness takes the original texts from Handel's Messiah (which were in themselves simply texts of various passages in the King James Bible) and gives us a fresh musical presentation of them. His style is folk, and every song features guitar.A folk/guitar Handel's Messiah?You have to listen to several songs consecutively to experience it, but there is something here that is very uplifting, spiritually and musically.Some of the tunes are deliberate reproductions of Handel's own melodies, but most are original compositions of Churness. By mixing the old and the new this way, we get a unique musical experience -- the new, supported and given strength by the familiar. The texts of scripture added to that, make this project something that will surprise you with spiritual refreshment!I would recommend downloading the entire album, as the experience is best expressed when you listen to it all together. That of course, is also true of Handel's Messiah.
I'm huge fan of the band's second album, but this one serves to show the depth of potential, and gives a taste of what directions their sound might go. Glad I found Sci-Fi Romance!
John Mieras is a college educated musician whose background in choral conducting, counter-tenor singing and French Horn are balanced by the informal schooling he received picking guitar with his grandfather. His voice has the high purity of Don McLean, backed on the opening "Love & Rent" by harmonies that suggest CS&N. His music could be classified as contemporary folk, but in the rich veins explored by Paul Simon, Elliot Smith and others who ventured beyond the acoustic guitar and stool. You can hear a suggestion of Simon's Andean flavors in the bass and organ of "Yesterday (I Wish There Was a Way)," and Mieras' subtle use of horns adds interesting texture to his original songs of longing, nostalgia and regret. Working out of Colorado, Mieras has yet to build a national profile, but this mini-LP should garner some fans coast-to-coast. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
From the Harrowing of the Shire to the titular song, this is a great collection of original songs set in Tolkien's Middle Earth. Definitely worth a listen. Kick back and enjoy.
I like the comfort of this piece......the lyric....the sentiment......the sound...Wil has captured something special.......I wish the piece were longer.
Joe Brownrigg - Modern World (Independent)When this project was suggested to Joe Brownrigg he didn't have any shortage of stuff to write about. The Ottawa native is a father of two, a longtime participant on the local music scene, and worked some of the more `interesting' districts of Ottawa as a police officer. For this album he was instructed by producer Matt Ouimet to write a collection of songs as quickly as possible, just to see what would happen. They were obviously both pleased with the results. The nine songs that Brownrigg composed became "Modern World", his debut solo record.Though very much a modern singer-songwriter, it's artist like James Taylor and Jackson Browne that seem to have provided inspiration. Brownrigg's a wordsmith and understands a songwriter's prime purpose is to get their message across, whether it's a straight-ahead story, or something more abstract, like ideas or emotions. Brownrigg repeatedly hits his targets, and Ouimet frames his words in retro keys ("Ebb and Flow", "Here to Stay"), gentle strings ("Hope", "Over and Over") and upbeat pop-rock arrangements (the title track and "Here to Stay"). My current favourite is the near addictive "Running Hot on You". If ever a track was custom made for grown-up radio listeners, it's this one. C'mon chaps, get a copy or three to BBC Radio 2 today!
John Roy Zat - Collaborations (Flyin Bayou)John Roy Zat is a San Francisco based singer-songwriter, fiddler, and guitarist, who between performing original songs, plays traditional American roots music, be it folk, country or bluegrass. For his latest collection, he's collaborated with a group of like-minded musicians who allow the opportunity to take the music into new and interesting directions, without messing too much with Zat's intrinsic Americana sound. In other words, they get to stretch themselves, but don't expect techno beats or heavy metal thunder.A prime example is the opening track "Johnny Fonteneau" which enjoyably refigures Chuck Berry's "Johnny B. Goode" into a tale about a young Cajun fiddler. It's good fun, mixes up the genres, and if you're not moving your feet by the time its three minutes is up, I recommend medical attention - if it's not too late."Midnight On The Water" may well be Zat's most recognizable song - Kate Wolf recorded it on her "Lines On The Paper" album - and here, accompanied by Floyd Latimer on mandolin and backing vocals, and Doug Wilcox on guitar, he absolutely nails it, its gentle sentiments laid bare. "Tonight My Sleep Is Restless" is equally moving and twice as sad, but his version of "Franky and Johnny" gets the joint moving again.
The addition of a keyboard player for this CD changed some of the dynamic of the song writing.  There are some real gems here.  Never Found Time to Go is a simple yet very catchy tune, my favorite on the CD and one of my all-time Dulahan tunes.  Dear Mother (I'll Not Be Home) is another of Dulahan's songs about the Civil War, this one a haunting song about a Confederate soldier's experiences at Antietam.  We Can't Go Back There is a powerful song with a great hook.  While not one of my favorite overall efforts, still a great addition to the Dulahan library.
My mom had this (vinyl) album when I was a kid; and though I hadn't heard it in many years, I found myself singing along immediately, every note and word etched on my memory. So, I have little objectivity about this album, as an album. Near as I can tell, Tedd Browne is a fairly typical example of the 1950s-60s folk music revival in America, with a voice somewhere between Burl Ives and Harry Belafonte (though lacking the unmistakable uniqueness of those gentlemen). The songs - some of them familiar (&#34;High Noon&#34;, &#34;Where Shall I Go&#34;), others not (specifically the humorous Calypsos like &#34;Kitch&#34; and &#34;The Devil Sat Down And Cried&#34;) - are all fine songs. Basically, if you fondly remember Joe & Eddie on the &#34;Hootenanny&#34; TV show, this album will likely bring a smile to your face. If you're a huge Bieber fan, probably not.PS: The sound quality of the MP3s is less than optimal, rather tinny with a faint but discernible high-pitched squawk at the top. I wonder if the files were digitized from a vinyl album. The resulting files are quite listenable, but the sound is definitely flawed. Hence the four stars - five for an album I've loved since childhood finally becoming available digitally, with one demerit for less-that-ideal sound quality.
The songs on this CD are nice.  I guess I like the first Cd better.  This is not as good as the first.  It is nice, just more a four star.  The first was a five.  Jenna Greene is a wonderful singer and you will enjoy her CD's.
The Moor Rose - Seeds Of Songs (Independent)Formed in 2011, Adelaide based The Moor Rose is multi-instrumentalist Stuart Haines and classically trained cellist and bass player David Rose. Together they play an intense and exciting blend of roots music, jazz-folk fusion and Middle Eastern and North African styles. They're both experienced musicians with a wealth of know-how picked up in solo shows, session work, and various groups and orchestras.They explain that the "Moor" in their name refers to both the moors of the British Isles, and the Moors of North Africa, and that's reflected in the music they make. Haines' songs are very much part of the western tradition, a style that's rooted in the folk music of Britain and Ireland, and it's the instrumentation they sporadically apply which provides the exoticism.The bass and mandolin of opening track "Break It Down" is as straightforward as they get, though there's no denying either the performance or the quality of the song. There's something of a stripped back R.E.M. to their sound, and by the time the cello arrives they've already more than made their point. This is serious music, and "Li Sula" confirms both their ambition and the talent to make it work. Largely instrumental, its ethereal qualities and lateral, non-western structure is utterly enthralling. The collection ends with "The Place Joy Is Found" where they combine traditions magnificently.
Titled "Heart Like Feathers," you'd expect Robert Deebles's latest  full-length release to be light and airy, and for the most part, it is. I first listened to Deeble's album on a very windy fall morning. Despite the blistery weather outside, I felt calm and safe inside with "Heart Like Feathers" filling the room.Enchanting strings, harmonious voices and a simple snare weave themselves throughout the album and soothe the soul. One would expect the same lyrically, but quite the opposite is true. Deeble's  poetry forces listeners to critically examine their closest relationships;  including relationships to self, others and God.In the second song, "Suzanne," the main character is reprimanded by the words, "the trouble that comes from the company you keep...all the secrets you keep... do they echo in your sleep?"Layers of relational questions follow in "Eucharist" as Deeble sings, "I think it's kind of strange, we get so close we get estranged." Then he humbly sings, "Bless me father I'm a mess." These words paint a perfect picture of the place we often find ourselves, yet refuse to admit.The honesty continues in "Weeds." "I have never felt like this, so discontent and aimless," sings Deeble in a song expressing the need for individuals to search for one another in each others' weeds.Musically, the album takes a bit of a shift starting with "The Colors of Dying" which begins in true etheral Deeble form, but then ends getting as close to funky guitar work as a folksinger can come. "Scarecrow" and "Sunflower" follow suit with fun poppy-beats.The final light-hearted tracks complete the album's story. Deeble's honesty, poetry and melodies constantly bring the listener to a place of contemplation. The title track tells the message that perhaps you are meant to understand by album's end, that, "Salvation comes like a wrecking ball, in a plume of dust and, a heart like feathers." Salvation, it seems may be more about getting there than being there.Those already familiar with Deeble's work will enjoy the familiar beats, strings and harmonies, with the likes of Victoria Williams, that have made us loyal fans. Those new to Deeble should expect to enjoy a whimsical and introspective journey through the mind of one of the most humble sages of our time. "Heart Like Feathers" is like a mini-spa for your mind. It will stretch you, push you and rejuvenate you - and you'll be better for it in the end.
Let's get one thing out of the way before I delve into this album - this isn't a Cherryholmes record. Fans of the legendary family bluegrass band who purchase this record expecting that classic Cherryholmes sound will be sorely disappointed. If you come to it with an open mind for what it is rather than what it isn't, then you'll discover a very strong first effort from this recently wed duo.From a production standpoint the song list features the two singers alternating lead vocals from one track to the next. It's a simple but effective approach. Given that Cia is a more well-known commodity it was surprising to hear Stetson lead off the album. His rich voice sits very well on top of the mix when he sings. Having him kick off the album is a symbolic shot across the bow that establishes him as an equal in the creative process. Kudos to the production team of Stetson and Cia, and Cia's prodigious younger sister Molly Cherryholmes, who provides additional instrumentation to the record. That said, I listened to the record several times before Stetson grew on me. Then I realized it wasn't so much I didn't enjoy his talents as it was wanting to hear Cia, whose voice is one of the purest you will ever hear. Whether she is singing lead or providing her uncanny ear to harmony, she is a rare vocal talent.The sparse instrumentation doesn't really give Stetson too much to do on guitar but he does a nice job of holding a steady rhythm that allows Cia's banjo talents to shine. Cia leaves behind the bluegrass licks and utilizes the banjo in a more old-time manner. I'm not even sure she's using finger picks to pluck the strings. I could be wrong but the sound is more organic and delivers a warmer, deeper tone with much less twang than one typically hears in a bluegrass arrangement.The one complaint I have about the album is a lack of diversity in the material. The record plays it safe and sticks to slow and mid-tempo offerings throughout. There's nothing wrong with a quiet album, but the challenge is to prevent it from lagging. In this regard the album is lacking. I find it hard to listen to it in one sitting. I'll typically listen to a few songs and then turn to something more upbeat to break the monotony.All in all, a terrific debut effort from a talented duo I want to see more of in the future!
Anna VogelzangCanary in the Coal MineMadison, WIEngineered and Mixed by James Frazee and Frank Lopez // Recorded at Hobo Sound, Weehawken, NJ // Mastered at the Blue Room at the Magic Shop by Warren Russell-SmithMadison, Wisconsin's Anna Vogelzang has a voice that can knock down a listener, clashing from a sweet, nearly conversational tone into a confident country-girl howl.Her slower-tempo songs would fit well in a K Records roster, thanks to her sweet mosey, lovable and, at times, precious and intimate ("Canary" and "Volcanoes"). The pacing of Canary in the Coal Mine is terrific. She follows slow balladry with ambitious and busy ensemble pieces that feature guitars, percussion, banjos, horns and strings like her extraordinary "Whiskey Drawn," which juxtaposes a thirty-second vocal introduction with a great turn featuring rambling, strummy guitars, fiddles and Vogelzang's strong-willed female tone. The frenzied "Whiskey Drawn" conjures images of long-nights of boozy dancing, southern comfort and Nico Case's flaring octaves.Vogelzang's poetry swirls with the newness of love and the invincible feeling of meeting someone who instigates the requisite almost infinite elation of the honeymoon, singing "It's so hard to come clean / It's so hard to name all your wishes out loud ... still my full heart sings you are my one and only" (One & Only). All told, Vogelzang's seventh release is varied and jubilant, showcasing an ambitious country-gal's precious and strapping female-fronted songwriting. (Self-Released)
Heard these guys in the subway of the G train in Brooklyn. "A Promising Flee" caught my ear. It also caught the ear of people around. Someone asked, "What's the name of your band?" "Bird Courage!" one guy replied. So I remembered name and looked up their music. Two hipsters with their long beards, banjo and guitar rocking out in the subway. So glad to have crossed paths.
Consistently good album from 1st to last. Nothing complicated. Just genuine downbeat heartfelt songs.  Nothing to authentic about Mykul Lee, but his voice can't be denied credit.
Loved the soothing sound of this song and Tomm's voice, Not familiar with this type of music but i enjoyed it alot.
Not knowing the song, I was drawn immediately to the delivery of the song, the clarity of the tones and the richness of the baritone performance.  It was all beautifully relaxed and natural.
I love this guys voice,  Very unusual and I like to tunes on this album, but the lyrics are all very depressing.  I enjoy listening, but tend to ignore the lyrics.
Neill Bell - Before De Forest (Ringdabell Music Company)Neill Bell recorded, produced and released his debut album when he was 17 years old. Now in his early 30s, "Before De Forest" is his sixth album, yet it retains many of the same attributes as his early work. There's passion, emotion and a willingness to experience life and whatever it throws up; perhaps he's a little more bruised and battered these days, but he hangs onto hope like a drowning man clinging to driftwood.Simply recorded with just voice and guitar, the paucity of instrumentation concentrates the mind wonderfully on the words, and they're always worth hearing. Like his influences - on his website he talks about Ryan Adams, Adam Duritz and Damien Rice - he's unafraid to demonstrate his vulnerability, but never resorts to tuneless lamentations or pure emotional release. Every song is fully formed, though presented in the simplest of formats, and it's very much a collection of songs, to be experienced in one sitting, rather than individually. For that reason, it's likely radio will turn its collective nose up, but bedsit dwellers and broken-hearted fools will spend many happy hours unwinding double and triple meanings from "Before De Forest".
This is a simply solid album - a breathy songstress producing highly listenable songs evoking shades of Norah Jones. I especially like 'Thunder', though all of the tracks are great.
Lisa Kelly - Sleep With The Light On (Independent)Lisa Kelly has been an on/off musician for nearly five decades (she started young), over the years playing keyboard and guitar for a number of groups, including The Toby Mountain Band, Billy and the Boys, and most recently, Dan Wills and the West Coast Country Road Show. Over the course of her career she's gigged all over the USA and large parts of Europe.Her debut album, 2005's "Into The Fire" was recorded after a ten-year musical sojourn, and a rediscovery of music via open mic sessions and playing for friends and family. Now, some seven years later, she's recorded and released its successor, "Sleep With The Light On". Blessed with a voice that will remind some of alt. country songstress Laura Cantrell, Kelly is, at heart, a singer-songwriter, and she frames words within a full-band, rootsy folk-rock setting.Raised on the songcraft of Lennon and McCartney, Neil Young, Cat Stevens and Todd Rundgren, there's undoubtedly a pop edge to much of Kelly's writing, which results in a collection of songs that stick in the memory long after the music has stopped. "Anything Can Happen" possesses a charming hook line, double tracked and with triple appeal. "Seven Braids" leans heavily, and quite agreeably on the British folk tradition and "So High" rolls along with real vigor. The album ends with the captivating country pop of the title track. Good work.
Forever Mountain - Lamentations EP (Independent)From Spanish Fort, Alabama, Forever Mountain is the nom de plume of singer-songwriter Dustin Price, and as far as I'm aware, "Lamentations" is his debut offering. Recorded very much in the style of the new wave of indie folk - think Bon Iver and Ben Howard - Price transcends his influences through sound songcraft and a keen melodic ear. The four songs vary in tempo from gradual and measured to almost sprightly, and affairs of the heart appear high on his list of priorities.Opening with "Let You Down", its soulful yearning qualities and relaxed tune makes it easy to like, and "The Only" gets to the root of his sound, as he lays himself bare. Perhaps my favourite is "Tarry On". It combines his strengths as a writer, and uses words like "sombre" and "wasted" and asks the question "will I ever love?" - gloomy, but in a feel-good, glad it's not me, sort of way...
The Innocence Mission's Street Map is an EP that was released in 2008. Its bright, sweet temperament is close in spirit to their 2007 album, We Walked in Song. With the average song length being just under 3 minutes, the material is not very substantial, but Karen Peris' knack of writing lovely, unforgettable melodies makes this a pretty enjoyable interlude between We Walked in Song and 2010's My Room in the Trees.The opener, "From a Homeland," oozes sunlight and warmth, evoking John Denver and a cross-country trip through the heartland. If ever there was a song that was a palliative for life's ills, this would be it. It's near impossible to resist such heartwarming lyrics as, "Let's not be restless, my darlings. Let's be glad at home, my dears, though all the boats on shore are yearning to be away from here." For this one song alone, I'd not be without this album.The next song, "Sunshine Roof," continues on those bright themes, and demonstrates The Innocence Mission's penchant for using minimalistic arrangements to evoke powerful moods. "A Thousand Miles," my second favorite song on the album, is a somber and sad song about feeling disconnected despite closeness to others. With its yearning tune and nostalgic feel, the song harks back to The Innocence Mission's days at A&M; Records. The song in fact was written in the 1990's and could easily have been at home on their 2001 album "Small Planes," a strong compilation of their previously unreleased recordings.Street Map is not essential, but if you are a fan of The Innocence Mission's last two albums, you will probably enjoy this EP. If you have these albums playing back-to-back on your playlist, the homesteading themes and brightness that permeate Street Map will set you up well for the nature-themed splendor of My Room in the Trees.
Skip Friel - Passage (New Moon Music)"Passage" is Skip Friel's second solo album, following on from 2007's "Twilight Red Sky". Previously he'd recorded an album with his brother (released as The Friel Brothers) and led his band, The Resonators, to much regional acclaim in his home state of Virginia. In fact they're still going, playing a chilled, leisurely version of bluesy, folky roots music, Americana and alt. country. Friel's solo material is probably just as easygoing as his band's, but equally, on his new record, there's no shortage of rock-solid tunes or grown-up, literate songwriting.Upbeat and positive in their message, Friel's songs are delivered with an unhurried elegance. Though nominally a solo record, there appears to be no shortage of musicians plying their trade on "Passage". A rich, full production is the result (his brother Randy worked the mixing desk), and Friel's potent vocal plays well with assorted strings and keys, and veteran Nashville legend Charlie Austin's fiddle. They set their stall out with "Dose of Hope", it's animated arrangement feels comfortable and relaxed, and Friel sings the song with an effortless grace. "Transcending" looks to older rock `n' roll rhythms and threatens a revival of sorts, and "Peace At a Time" feels directly related to mid `70s British pub rockers like Graham Parker and Paul Carrack. Fingers crossed, "Passage" should make Friel some new fans.
i downloaded the oh hello's album from noisetrade, and i have to say i was very impressed. other bands i would compare their sound to are mumford & sons and the lumineers, as they have a sort of folk sound.
In enjoy the music, but opinion is subjective. Give it a listen.Talented musicians from the Upstate and mountains of South Carolina.
Vancouver - Elegant Violence Since 1985 (Independent)With one of the more intriguing album titles we've come across this year, Vancouver (aka singer-songwriter Chris Adams) had managed to pique our curiosity before we've heard a note. For his second album (his first, "The Memory Box" is currently competitively priced on Bandcamp), he's teamed up with cellist Todd Williams (Guilty Verdict), the latter's bass tone coming directly to the fore on the opener "Tri Color Shuffle", and combining successfully with Adams' acoustic guitar and weathered voice, and the effect, with the songs' lyrical references to running, hiding and ghostly silhouettes, is akin to Gothic folk. Surprisingly, following track "Bat Girl" is much brighter, as is "La Forte", and both nestle comfortably within the new folk spectrum. Though neither lacks a certain edgy ambiance.Williams' cello provides an instrumental depth that is sadly missing on many singer-songwriter recordings, and on the final track "Grafted" he's particularly effective, entangling the song in a shady, almost menacing motif, and it ends the record with a flourish. Adams songs remain centre stage throughout, and he's an accomplished words man, adept at building both tension and narrative. Those who take pleasure from the recordings of Bonnie "Prince" Billy, Bright Eyes and Bon Iver should investigate.
What this appears to be is 19 of the 20 tracks from two different albums:The Art of the Guitarby Sabicas, andFlamenco Stylesby Sabicas and Escudero.  The latter is also available on CD as atwoferwithFantastic Guitars.The titles of the tracks (and the performers) as listed by Amazon are garbled, and I haven't cross-checked them against the originals; but the missing track seems to be the sevillanas fromFlamenco Styles.It's all good stuff.  See my (and others') reviews of the original albums for more information.UPDATE 2014OK, I've checked the sound samples.  The Sabas solo tracks are OK, but the Sabas and Escudero tracks are REALLY garbled.  Here are their corrrect titles:04) Fandango Fandango del Albaic&iacute;n06) Ronde&ntilde;a Recuerdo a Linares07) Fandango Fandango del Albaic&iacute;n08) Buler&iacute;a Ritmos de Sabicas12) Farruca La farruca16) Seguiriya Sentimiento flamenco17) Tientos Camino del monte18) Alegr&iacute;as Solera Gaditana19) Alegr&iacute;as Solera GaditanaNote that the Fandango and the Alegr&iacute;as both occur twice!  So to judge by the samples, there are THREE tracks missing:&bull; Sevillanas&bull; Soleares Temas primitivos&bull; Nana Improvisaci&oacute;n("Improvisado" should be "Improvisaci&oacute;n", but it's not there anyway, so it doesn't really matter.)If this is indeed what you get when you download, I should say forget the whole thing and getArtand thetwofer.This album is in fact the same asSpanish Guitars, but with the tracks shuffled.  Both have the same hames made of the labelling.The sheet music behind the guitar on the cover art of the present album appears, rather curiously, to be a fragment of something like a Scarlatti Sonata.
My mother bought this when I was about 11 years old, and it was on a lot when I was young. I grew up and left such old-folks' music behind, but later found that I still fondly remembered "The Bells" and "The Blackfly Song." Most of the rest of the songs are nearly as good; their spirited and youthful exuberance is a joy. I transferred my mom's beat up old LP to CD, bought another LP and transferred that, and then downloaded this. And have been quite happy. This is also an LP transfer; there are a couple of pops and clicks, but it is far better than either of my attempts. And the quality is good (a little undernourished I think; I wish they had recorded it at a slightly heftier input level) but with delicious playing and fine singing, it is a treat. I hope Jim made a few cents off my download; he earned it.If you know J and J from their more famous later LPs, happily transferred to a Collector's Choice CD, this is a lot different. More traditionally folky, with, as the title says, 6 and 12 string guitar, autoharp (prominently featured) and Jim's infectious banjo, it is a rollicking good acoustic, unplugged, time. If you don't sing along, you are one cold listener.
These are great songs, well written!!  It's a pensive, thoughtful collection of songs.  I like the instruments.  It's different than anything I've heard..I just wish there were more songs!
Paper Memory - Through Old Iron Trees (Independent)When it comes to musical inspiration, nothing works quite as well as a good ol' fashioned love story. Paper Memory is really just one man, Australian singer-songwriter-musician Derek Goodreid, and his album is inspired almost solely by love. Of course there are complications, and in this case they're mostly logistical. You see, Goodreid fell in love with, and eventually married Heidi, a Norwegian, so when songwriters talk about journeys - as they're often inclined to do - in this case there really was a physical voyage to undertake (8618 miles from Fremantle to Oslo - as the crow flies).Willfully understated; even the album launch was held in the couple's Oslo living room, Goodreid takes his musical leads from songwriters such as Elliott Smith and Bon Iver, where words with meaning are underpinned by melodies that attach themselves to sympathetic brain matter. Joined on the recording by his wife and assorted friends, there's a sense of togetherness present throughout the album, especially where Heidi sings with her husband on tracks like "The Difference" and the delightful "Fear Not". It's definitely an album to be enjoyed in a single sitting, where the stories can run together and sometimes merge, and I'm sure I won't be the only listener on the look out for a second installment.
Melanie has a lovely voice!  I love listening to her!  The songs are from World War I, so they aren't what we usually hear, but they are fun!
Full disclosure: I've known one of the band members since he was a toddler.  Given that, I found this collection of Americana acoustic folk songs to be a very impressive debut.  Beautifully recorded, the songs are filled with tales of high school love relationships gone wrong...or never quite getting right.  They shine with honesty and cleverness.  No way was I so forthright and creative as a high schooler.  The musicians are very talented and the songs nicely arranged.  My favorite track is "My Dog Scout".  Its a well-song ode to a favorite pet which invariably makes me laugh.  I loved the violin playing on the track, too.  To my ear, "Cloudy Eyes" and "Miss You" are two of the catchiest tracks on the album, both with intriguing hooks.  I also enjoyed the musicality and inventiveness of the bass playing.  I look forward to hearing more music from this talented group.
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MSI met Scott Miller in early 2004. Since then we've shared more then a few discussions about music, history and life.Scott grew up in Swoope, Virginia, graduated from William and Mary, got degrees in American History and Russian Studies, helped with an alternative cult band The V-Roys (or if you're older The Viceroys), worked with Steve Earle, and formed Scott Miller and the Commonwealth, who were briefly the house band on Blue Collar TV (Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall, Larry the Cable Guy and Ron White).Scott enjoyed the later part. It allowed him to buy a more comfortable means of transporting he and the band.We both obviously loved music, but throw in history and you got a bud for life. There was something about Scott's variety of musical styles that kept groping at my remaining brain cells, but I couldn't quite catch it. Then the neuron swung on its axum and sent an excitable voltage -- he was complex like another of my favorite singer-songwriters, who switched back and forth, from serious rock to near-Appalachian -- Neil Young.Scott Miller and the Commonwealth is foot stomping rock `n roll.His latest project, CoDependents, is a 5-song EP with Rayna Gellert, who adds charming fiddle, viola and backing vocals."I think our playing together works because his songs are so visceral, and I really respond to that," Rayna said.Scott never cracks a whiff of laughter on the opening cut, "Lo Siento Spanishburg West Virginia." But he is clearly makes a comedic statement about la-de-da retirees taking over the homes of local people, who can no longer afford to live there.One of the magical elements is a Zydeco feel added by Rayna, to that folkee Appalachian. Only Scott could put those two flavors together and have it work.Be careful out there my friend, let me know when you're close by and tap out a note on one of your vintage typewriters (he collects those) when you have time.
The distinctive voice of Blue Highway. I really like Wayne's voice. And this is a good CD.  I just don't come away with so gs that are as memorable as the ones he sings with his group.
Chris Angel - The Hero Of Canton (Independent)Chris Angel paid his dues playing assorted bars and pubs, solo, in duos and in bands. Sensibly he simultaneously got a degree in music performance at the University of Windsor, in his home state of Ontario. Though rooted in Celtic and Irish music, he's unafraid to mix things up some, and on his third long player "The Hero Of Canton" we're made privy to a host of folk influences, from contemporary English singer-songwriters to the New York tradition.It all comes together very well. Angel is a fine musician and singer, and delights in telling a tale. He kicks off the collection with a cover, a stripped back version of Billy Joel's "Downeaster Alexa", which he follows with "These Deep Lines", a song with depths I'm unable to fathom, but it keeps me hooked to the very end. "In the Water I Am Nameless" possesses an intriguing title and the mystery seeps into the song, complete with Peter Gabriel-esque backing and more than enough ambiguity to keep us all guessing. Bolstered with a scattering of traditional material, "Mingulay Boat Song" and "The Parting Glass", "The Hero Of Canton" may not be Angel's definitive statement, but it's a major step on his journey.
Mike Cross is SO much better live. &#34;Live & Kickin&#34; is the album to get. If you can catch him in concert, better yet.
This 5 song e.p. explores a side of Jessica Eppler not evident in her work with The Prairie Scholars. The songs, all self-penned, are well crafted and cover a range of stylistic avenues while still managing to have a "feel" that is consistent to her own unique style. Her maturity as a writer on her first solo outing is nearly overwhelming. Lyrically and melodically she know how to subtly carry the listener away without beating a hook to death.All five selections are worthy, though the bookended "Morning Sunshine" and "Wish It Could Be" are clearly the standouts. I can't help but wonder what she will produce down the road. Someone to watch for sure.
I think the target audience for this disc will consist of people who have already heard and enjoyed a substantial amount of &#34;classical&#34; ragtime music by Joplin and others, and who also appreciate the recorded piano solos of stride players like J.P. Johnson and 'Fats' Waller. These solos are performances of fully written out compositions, the sheet music for which is widely available in the public domain. They are lively and brisk in tempo, flashy and technically difficult, and they draw on the basic harmonic conventions of ragtime as well as many of its pianistic tropes, compounding those difficulties with wider leaps in the left hand and a wide variety of scintillating right hand devices. The result is a very full and orchestral sound from the piano, contracted of course by these primitive recordings.At approx. 83 minutes this is a very generous collection, but this stuff works better in small doses, which is how it would have been experienced in its own era.some highlights:Felix Arndt - Nola. I've heard this piece (in cartoons?) and never known what it was. This performance by the composer is easily the best I've heard.Mike Bernard - The Battle San Juan Hill. This flashy potpourri of Civil War-themed material achieves its low-brow thrills at the cost of what sounds like an almost preposterous level of difficulty. I lol'd.Felix Arndt - The Desecration Rag. Strided-up versions of well-known classical tunes by Dvorak, Chopin, Liszt & Sinding (nobody plays 'Rustle of Spring' anymore. Find John Ogdon's recording)Willie Solar - You Made Me Love You. This is the only track with a vocal, and I'm not sure why it was included. It's a very hammy performance of the song that makes Jolson's roughly contemporary recording seem less unique. You will need to leave off a track to burn this collection to CD, and this obvious choice.
There are some real gems on this album for any bluegrass fan, and for many of us who wouldn't necessarily call ourselves bluegrass fans too.  First-rate musicianship across the board, and a great groove that comes through in many tracks on this album about as well as it does in their live shows.  Seriously, catch these guys live too if you can!  But the added polish of the studio really brings out the shine in some of the instrumental tracks in particular like I hadn't heard before.  A couple standouts for me here (and also live favorites) are the band's original numbers "October 1st" and "Dudley's Breakdown" (aka "Dudley's Baroque-down" as you'll hear), both very fun creative romps that make you want to move your feet.  The rest of the album is a good mix of original works spanning the bluegrass spectrum from traditional to contemporary to progressive, and even a cover of a classic Beatles tune for good measure.  Many of the vocal tracks on this album don't grab me as much as they have in live settings, but the beautiful ballad "Older Than the Hills" might be an exception.One side-note: if you download the MP3 album, please note that Amazon has tagged the tracks as "country", which they most certainly are NOT.  You might want to re-tag your MP3s to "bluegrass" if you ever sort or search by genre.  While there's certainly some wonderful creative exploration going on here, these guys are plenty true to bluegrass traditions.Look for more from MGQ on their website (...).  See you at the CD release party!  :)
Edgy funny political commentary (at least you get  to listen music as you cope with realities!).... good stuff if one keeps his anti-depressant RX's filled!
There's a &#34;Golden Age&#34; of Alastair's releases to me, that seems to cluster between 1999 to 2003. Frankly, earlier is hard to come by, and later is a little... experimental for my tastes. &#34;House of Macdonald&#34; fits snugly in that range, and is a fine release, if not my first choice for a novice.If not chock-full of his strongest &#34;Best Of&#34; material, it is stuffed with McDonald charm and great fun when you've worn out your welcome on &#34;Skye Boat Song,&#34; &#34;Rantin' Rovin' Robin,&#34; &#34;Silver Darlings&#34; and the rest of the golden classics. (You'll still get your Alastair &#34;Glencoe&#34; fix, because I suspect he's contractually bound to perform it damn near any time he gets near a microphone.)This album is 19 tracks of material I haven't heard multiple times, which is an absolute pleasure to delve into. An oddity for its time, this particular album lacks the usual narration that proceeds each song - a feature I missed on first listen, but (as predicted) makes multiple play-throughs much easier to digest.This album marks Alastair's first use of the jaw harp I'm aware of, a device that becomes absurd in latter albums (avoid &#34;I Dearly Love The West&#34; at all costs), but is not terribly overused or unbearably painful here. There's nothing Scottish about &#34;BoingyBoingyBoingy&#34; bouncing in the background instrumentation, but at least here you only have to suffer it through a few tracks.All in all, it's a pretty solid performer; not my first choice, but very far from my last. If you've chewed through his best albums and are still hungry for more, you're pretty safe exploring this one.
This review, incidentally, is for &#34;Songs of the North.&#34; If you see it showing up on &#34;I Dearly Like the West,&#34; ignore it and leave that release alone.It seems that the best of Alastair's releases come ingrained with a little story at the beginning of each track, and this is one of them. I would still suggest a beginner start with &#34;Scotland in Song,&#34; but if you've already been there, this album is a relatively safe choice.One thing worthy of note, however - this album was engineered by somebody with a tin ear. Alastair's voice fights against the backing instrumentation, which was mixed too high; The song is not exactly buried, but it's not a comfortable mix. Everybody is fighting for the front, squashed up against your speakers in a solid wall.Also, for the purist, every now and then they unlimber a synth. Which isn't good. And not just any synth - one of those analogue Rolands, stridently buzzing in an eighties imitation of what the button called &#34;Horns.&#34; Think of the late seventies work of Keith Emerson. It doesn't happen often, but when it does, it's pretty cruddy on a Trad album.Findlay Cameron is along again for the narration duties, making this feel much like a (poorly engineered) &#34;Songs of Scotland II.&#34; This album would never be my first choice, and quite possibly is the benchmark for the least acceptable of acceptable McDonald albums. Save it for last, or at least for later.
I'm starting to become Amazon's resident expert on Alastair McDonald, which is a shame. There should be a whole bunch more.Alastair McDonald is a traditional traditionalist; he is to Capercaillie what The Clancy Brothers are to (modern) Clannad; rough-hewn and straightforward, mischievous and strident in turn.Again, each song is prefaced by a little vignette about the song to come. It's a fun thing - it gives you some background. This can, however, be a little frustrating on multiple plays; after you know the story, you know it, but you can't escape the retelling, over and over again. But you adjust - think of it as a live album that isn't live, a taste of an idealized concert.It's good stuff - a little material overlap from other McDonald releases, but he feeds you so much material that you don't mind some well-produced duplicate material.I say, go for it. In fact, I think I'll pick up another McDonald album right now. I'll be back...
Seeing Morrison Boomer at the Public Market is a treat. Unfortunately the acoustics are not great and the live album is only best quality is  to bring back memories of being there. I bought their new album and really liked it, but missed the washboard and stomp.
I saw these guys live at a local Celtic festival and wanted to buy their CD but they were all out so I got it here. They actually seem to have more energy live but the music on this album is very good.
If there's one thing Mr. Trouble offers, it's less of the mellow bluesy/jazzy sound he's settled into, in his older age, and more of a return to his satiric, pulp roots of troubled American lives, set to the swinging and swaying, jumbling tunes he's still typically known for.That said the tracks are rather ordinary and predictable, where I liken him to an aging Frank Black (of Pixies fame), a great song-writer with a long history of great music both as a part of a band and a solo artist, but someone who settles for predictability and remaining in-character at the cost of advancing his artistic expression, as he gets older.The title track and Drowning Man stand out, and the other 4 tracks are all solid in a "pleasantly listenable" sense.  "Gone Down Underground" might be my favorite track, a story of a woman who's a victim of the home foreclosure crisis, who heads to Mexico to start a new life in order to avoid the resulting financial slavery of modern American life.For Stan Ridgway fans, you can't help but to recommend this "EP," the live tracks are interesting enough, offering excellent "unplugged" takes on some of his most popular songs, but remember there are only 6 new songs.Ultimately it's some of his best stuff in years, it's just fleeting and brief, a bit too ordinary for his abilities most of the time, but as always, very solid and enjoyable music...due mainly to his ability to write great lyrics and craft songs like a pro, no matter how comfortable he's gotten doing it.
Nice clean production, catchy songs.  The album is a bit short with 3 old live songs included.  I'm glad I bought it.
Stan is simply one of my very favorite recording artists, period. I do like this CD, but I would not call it my favorite because he has so much great work. It ends up being a nice mix of his various flavors with several tasty live cuts. I always like hearing his live work, there is always a little something extra or special. For the record I feel these CDs are a must to have in your Stan Ridgway collection: Partyball, Mosquitos, The Big Heat and Anatomy (a sleepy little gem). If you have not, check out his whole body of work!
However, I traveled far to see this band at a house show, and she only played one song!I was a little disappointed.
Another great effort from Johnny. Away from his Cracker style. Less electric edge, more laid back style.Really like it.
I love the old Scottish, and enjoy most of these songs. I just came across them looking for Scottish music.  There are a couple songs I didn't keep on my Kindle, but most of them I like a lot, esp the first. Watched a documentary about the singer on you tube too.
Twenty-somethings Pearl Charles and Kris Hutson may have grown up in the sunshine of Los Angeles, but their music is rooted in the hollers of Appalachia and the rolling hills of Southern Kentucky. Their harmonies span both high-and-lonesome and Everly's-styled parallel thirds, and their folk and country is made from autoharp, banjo, mandolin, fiddle, piano and steel. Their vintage look (grandma dresses, suspenders and browline glasses) and the dour depression-era expressions they strike for publicity photos give a visual suggestion of their sympathies, but it's the haunting ache of their music that sticks to your ribs. Their songs are stained with tears at nearly every turn - unrequited attraction, faded and forbidden love, desertion, natural disaster and even the treachery of demon rock 'n' roll; but the sad circumstances aren't for want of trying. A Gram-and-Emmylou-styled stroll through the memories of "Walking Backwards" can't salve the problems of today, and the deliverance of "Corn Liquor" ends up resigned to life-after redemption in lieu of mortal recovery. The jugband melody of "Tennessee Honey" provides a moment of uncrushed hope, though it's anyone's guess if the protagonist's hat-in-hand apology will be accepted. In a sense it doesn't matter, as the Driftwood Singers' nostalgia-laden music is warm, even when its subjects are cold. [2013 Hyperbolium]
I really enjoyed this remix. Great voices too. Adds some jive to the traditional music, and they have fun singing it too.
The secret to successful new music is to plagiarize just enough to lend familiarity while adding your own special twist to install a sense of originality. On their third album "The Wasteland Ramble", The Prairie Scholars pull it off with flying colors.Offering up such a blend of styles I had to look up what they called it themselves, this album has roots in such diverse forms that you are reminded of everything from Steve Earle to Stevie Wonder. This is not to say that the twosome is melodically all over the place. Somehow that special Scholars touch melds its all together, making for a highly listenable, ever changing free flow of what I can only think to classify as alt-rock-country-folk.Lyrically the duo is structured, focused and clever. Whether the songs seem to have been written by Andy Eppler or wife Jessica (no credits are listed), each tune is well crafted and creates a foundation that is exceptionally built upon by the performance herein.As all eleven selections are vital, there is little to prey upon. Conversely, "Flatland Farmers" is far and away the strongest track. As good as it gets in all aspects. Be not weary though, everything here is a standout.As I reserve five stars for championing efforts like Rubber Soul and London's Calling, I nonetheless wholeheartedly give this effort four stars. The Prairie Scholars have arrived. The question is, are you ready for them?
Whether you curl up by the fireplace or sit in a meditation posture, this CD will transport you to a state of relaxed awareness.
Dave Hoffsommer - Playing With Myself (Independent)New Jersey singer-songwriter Dave Hoffsommer will be a new name to most of you, though some of you maybe aware of his old band, the PreCambrian Rabbits. Their demise provided the motivation for Hoffsommer to write and record his debut solo album.From what I can ascertain, and there's probably a clue in the title, "Playing With Myself" is a genuine solo effort. Things are kept pretty simple throughout its 14 tracks, with guitars dominating, though drums and bass make occasional appearances. Above all the album is a showcase for Hoffsommer's songwriting and musicianship, and he makes good use of the opportunity, though interestingly, the first track that makes the listener sit up and take note is a version of the traditional standard "I Know You Rider". It's a song that's been recorded many times since it was discovered in the `30s, though perhaps it's the multitude of Grateful Dead live versions that will be most familiar. Hoffsommer's take is also recorded live, and is slow and gentle, and quite restrained. Almost lo-fi, it's no less enjoyable for that.Instrumentals litter the collection. Tracks like "Blind Side" and "No One Home (Uninhabited Man)" indicate a prowess on both the acoustic and electric guitars, and musically he's just a good when he brings along a song to sing, though he's no great vocalist and the production is decidedly limited. Still, there's much to like and I'm looking forward to hearing what he comes up with next.
Larry Kolker - Awful Smart Man (Independent)From Cortlandt Manor, NY, Larry Kolker plays regularly in venues around the North East of the USA, where his style has been described as "urban country east-coast white-boy blues". That's a lot to take in, and is really quite specific, so to make things easier, imagine a concert with Dylan headlining, Loudon Wainwright III second on the bill and John Prine third, let's say it wouldn't seem at all strange if Larry Kolker opened the evening's entertainment.He's certainly an all-round talent. He's a distinctive vocalist with songwriting chops to match; an accomplished guitarist and an in demand blues-harpist. As far as I can tell "Awful Smart Man" is his second album ("Long Island Slim" came out in 2002) and although his trips to the studio are far from regular, the results are well worth seeking out. Here he begins with the title track, and the simple voice / guitar arrangement sets the mood for a self-depreciating lyric, and a near-yodel. "Send Me to the 'lectric Chair" starts slow and folksy, but when the instruments kick in, in swings like an early jazz-blues standard. There really is no shortage of variety on "Awful Smart Man". "Top Percent" grooves like a `70s jam band and the marvelous "Don't Tempt Irene" rocks and rolls in a most satisfying manner. Before I sign off, I should mention his collaborators; Sticks Levine keeps the beat, folk-popsters the YaYas supply backing vocals, and co-producer / engineer Fred Gillen Jr. plays bass, and provides just enough polish for Kolker to shine.
Innovative take on some traditional Irish tunes.  Extremely unique arrangements that draw you in and get you going the same way traditional Irish arrangements do.  Beautiful vocals, talented musicianship.
Genna & Jesse - Give and Take (One One One)Genna Giacobassi and Jesse Dyen first got together in 2009 when Genna hired Jesse to play piano in her band. They instantly hit it off musically (and romantically), and have been together ever since, writing and performing as a duo. They're currently based in California.Both have interesting musical histories; Genna comes from a musical family, studied opera at college, before dropping out and hitting the road. Her soulful vocals have earned comparisons to Billie Holiday, Ricky Lee Jones and Lucinda Williams. Jesse has self-produced hundreds of tracks, hung out with Joe Strummer, garnered praise from Willie Nelson and released a solo album in 2003 called "Contents Under Pressure"During 2011 and 2012 the couple released a series of taster tracks, but "Give and Take" is their debut album, and it's a delight. They combine folk and jazz with a classic pop bent, and the results are complex and intricate, and simultaneously airy and light. They're also incredibly catchy, with melodies and hooks that'll make pop cynics smile, and have fans of grown-up radio reaching for the volume dial.Whether their natural talents will transfer into massive sales, I've no idea, but if any of the above piques your interest then try and hear the wonderful title track; its pop charms are as captivating as the performance. "You're On to Me" shows off their rhythmic capabilities and "Overlooking" slows things down beautifully.
Purchased this to run PT to.  It does great to keep me motivated and I'll even sing cadences out loud when troops run with me and I'm trying to motivate them.  My kids have even asked me to put some of the cadences on their MP3 Players!
I had the privilege of being at Verizon Hall in Philadelphia's Kimmel Center in March 2010 to hear the second performance of this 22 -minute work. (It premiered tw0 months earlier at Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center in New York.). While the Temple University Symphony Orchestra, for which Arts patron Susan Carson (a Temple alumna) comissioned the piece, performed the score, over 100 photographs by legendary photographer Ansel Adams were projected on a screen above the stage. The music matched perfectly and was Americana at its best. Of course it had two of America's best jazz composers as the source of the music. While it was primarily Chris Brubeck who did much of the work, he father - somewhat frail at the time - worked with Chris. Ironically the day this album received a Grammy nomination, Dave Brubeck died. This will probably be considered his last gift to the music world.Though the Brubecks are most often considered jazz artists, remember the Dave was a student of Darius Milhaud. Photographer Adams was - like Brubeck - from Northern California and was also training to be a pianist.Imagine being a Temple University music student and being given the opportunity to record a world premiere recording of a piece by such esteemed composers and being nominated for a Grammy? Each of the students listed in the CD booklet is, I'm sure, proud of their efforts. And they should be.After the piece was performed in Philly I asked Chris if it would be released on CD or, better yet, on a DVD with the music cued to the Adams photos. He wasn't aware of a pending release. Now that it is out - on Temple's own label - I find that the package contains not even one of Adams' photos. I was told by the label that "the Ansel Adams Trust would not allow any images to be used beyond the actual live performance, including the artwork for the CD release". It is sad such a DVD can't be produced so that the multimedia experience can be enjoyed by anyone, but it is a copyright issue. (There is a website AnselAdamsAmerica where you can read more detailed notes by Chris and see one Adams photo.)But , even without the images, the composition is still beautiful and can stand on its own. Think of Aaron Copeland - who might have written a similar piece if he was still alive. Don't look for jazz notes though. This is a classically written piece.The CD is brief, just the 22 1/2 -minute work as one continuous track. But, I agree that it's "Grammy worthy".I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
I bought this after hearing &#34;You're Standing On My Toe&#34; on XM radio.  Thought it was cute, and it is, but the CD as a whole has been a very pleasant surprise.This is not Johnson Mountain Boys bluegrass, but is well played, and sung.
I had the great good fortune to see this band live, here in Texas.  They are tremendously talented musicians who are passionate about their craft.  However, the harmonies and musicianship I witnessed did not translate as well into the studio setting.  The vocals are not as tight and rich, the chords don't &#34;lock&#34; and the ethereal nature of the lead singer's voice is just not captured here, which is a shame.
It helps that we have connections with them.  They have worked their way up the charts and are now performing at major venues.
I bought this for my mom and she and I both like the CD alright. I heard The Stray Birds on A Prairie Home Companion and enjoyed them. I listened to their song clips online and enjoyed the folksy banjo and fiddle, but a few of their songs are more modern country for my tastes. The CD cover was a bit flimsy, but if you're a fan of country/folk this is worth the small price for some very lovely music.
I sure enjoyed a fresh sound after listening to the same handful of performers that own the airwaves of commercial radio these days. I'll be back for more of these &#34;Folks&#34; music....
Good honest music ,  really well written , played and recorded . Maya's voice is haunting and compelling but all of them can shred . I gave it four stars because I  wanted to leave room for another star on their next effort .
"I dream of blue" is a most hypnotically beautiful song from a group that is really very young indeed, although all of the members have wind behind their sails.  Each is a talented instrumentalist (although they don't play each of their instruments equally well), and Maya de Vitry is a strong, budding singer-songwriter.  They are now touring heavily; and they are the kind of group that's best seen live.If they hang together long enough, I think they'll mint some classics.
Anna Graceman hit the music scene after her participation in America's Got Talent. She has released a number of singles and personally released titles. This is her first release with a label. Her music has that familiar sound that is so Anna.There are many good years ahead of Ms. Graceman.
Anna is young with lots of talent and her own style. She could have a very bright future if her voice holds up, I hope it dose.
I was really looking forward to Anna Gracemans album to be released as a CD or down load as long as I couldget her new and some reproduced songs. I was VERY happy with pretty much everything she wrote and sings on thisnew venture . It's strong and well produced and has a nice combination of stylish sounds. From the powerfulSuperstar to the softly appealing Lexi's Lullaby and the poppy Crazy world. There's a little something foreveryone to like and you can't deny that powerhouse of a voice Anna uses quite effectively. she's a VERY talentedyoung lady with a BIG future ahead of her. Having seen her first on AGT I knew we could expect big things fromthis deceivingly small but powerful and exceptionally talented little package. I've read she writes all her ownmusic and lyrics which only lends to the realization this is more than simply a great voice. There's awriter and composer as well. I'm very pleased with this first endeavor and listen to it often. In some caseshaving to remember in many of the songs the depth of the lyrics are coming from some one only 12 years ofage with limited life experience . However this hasn't prevented Anna from achieving a very enjoyable wellbalanced and over all strong album ( Down Loadable ) 4 star because I know there's always room forimprovement and I know in time we'll be seeing and enjoying a great deal more from this Highly gifted young ladyand hopefully future concert events.
The World Radiant - S/T (Independent)In 2011 Ross McLeron began a recording project to commemorate the marriage of a close pal. I think we can all agree, as wedding presents go, that sort of gesture ranks considerably higher than napkin rings or a toaster. Every sound, vocal and instrument that can be heard on the debut World Radiant collection was written and performed by McLeron, which makes the gift all the more personal. I should mention, since this album's release, new recordings have been issued, and The World Radiant are now a five-piece band.It's an intimate, not-quite-lo-fi record, with mostly introspective lyrics that enmesh themselves, like early Elliott Smith songs, or Lou Barlow at his most wistful and pensive. I don't suppose these tracks were originally intended to reach so wide an audience, but much of the material McLeron has produced deserves to be heard. He writes measured, meditative tunes and his words reflect perfectly the nature and spirit of gentle, inward contemplation and fresh beginnings. "Set Sail", is a lively launch, and provides the most palpable reference to a new (married) life.  "Broken Things" is almost ethereal, with what might possibly be a saw adding extra atmosphere. "Apparitions" employs a similar effect, and best of all, the title track, McLeron almost speaks the love incantation, and it's genuinely moving.
Nothing outstanding to my ear, but some good solid musicianship and catchy tunes by people who know what they are doing.
Have always enjoyed the work of Peter, Paul, and Mary so wanted this to be current with their music now.  Found it nice to play while traveling in my car.  Even though it's only Paul, it takes me back to warm moments in my life.
Junior Smalls and the Criminals - We Make Our Dead Friends Saints (Independent)Junior Smalls musical upbringing was both varied and probably unique. As a child he was enamoured with groups as disparate as The Smiths, Public Enemy, The Cure and Dinosaur Jr. He spent his teenage years in various punk and hardcore bands, before becoming an in-demand hip hop producer, most notably working with Afroman, and regularly touring with him. In 2009 he got together with a few old musical friends to form Junior Smalls and the Criminals, and they released their debut long-player a year later to some acclaim - especially from us. Needless to say, it's a pleasure to welcome them back with "We Make Our Dead Friends Saints".Only six tracks this time, but fingers crossed there's a full-length album in the pipeline, Smalls and his band incorporate an acoustic, folk edge to their post-punk method. The new approach puts an emphasis on their songs, which more than hold their own, and they retain their rock credentials through fiery playing and a Replacements-esque buzz. The title track's a doozy; raw and passionate, it more than lives up to its eye-catching title. "Alone Again" leans on Smalls' Cure infatuation; it's played with real heart and gains extra credit for its whistled intro. "Cold Shoulder" may be my favourite. It's unapologetic folk-rock, delivered with all the crackle and spark that you'd expect from ex-punks with a point to make.
Not bad, wish they were all the same speed though and set up so that every song stayed in beat with the previous
Love Cheryl.  This is a combination of old favorites and new offerings. Her comedic side, often seen in concert, is on display here.
I discovered this 5 member band from Southwest Canada in February when I walked into the small hotel room where they were performing their &#8220;private showcase&#8221; at the International Folk alliance Conference in Kansas City. There were over 1300 musicians performing over the four days (and nights !) and the two songs from this band made me want to hear more. After listening to this 40-minute, 10-track CD I can say that my ears weren&#8217;t wrong.I guess I can best describe the music as &#8220;power pop bluegrass&#8221; &#8211;(that&#8217;s a genre I just created). There are bands like Mumford and Sons and Arcade Fire that have the same power lead singers. But Shred Kelly places a banjo in the mix and it&#8217;s clearly out front instrumentally on most (but not all the songs). And it&#8217;s clearly not bluegrass (there&#8217;s both a trombone and a trumpet on a few tracks &#8211; which reminded me of the Brooklyn &#8211;based bluegrass band Roosevelt Dime). The leads are alternated by the two males Tim Newton and Jordan Vlasschaert and the strong voiced female member, Sage McBride.The packaging is thoughtful &#8211; though odd. The Digipak lists the song titles on the back and there is not a word of tax inside the package. And the CD itself has no info at all printed on it , except for the copyright date and the words &#8220;Shred Kelly&#8221; in minuscule print. BUT, inside a pocket is an 8-page booklet with a photo of the band members on the front , and the lyrics printed on the inside in (thankfully) readable typeface.  At least the first listen-though you&#8217;ll probably need the booklet to understand the lyrics. After all, as I said above,  this is &#8220;power-pop&#8221;. But once you have read the lyrics, the songs will sound better the next time through.The reason for my four stars rating (I like the CD) is two-fold. One, is that there are no quieter or slow songs &#8211; every song on this disc moves fast and a few sounded too similar. The second is that maybe I was fell in love with the more &#8220;acoustic&#8221; sounds I heard in that hotel room.  For one of the numbers they played all five voices were accompanied by Newton on the banjo with the other four members using hand claps for the rhythm.  The vocals were clear and the arrangement unique. None of this came through for me here.  I still like the sound of the group  (track one is my favorite) and I look forward to seeing where they go with  their next release. Listen to some samples and decide for yourself.I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm&#8220;Anything Phonographic&#8221;
The Soulful Sidekicks have produced a lovely mellow album of creamy harmonies accented with fiddle, banjo, harmonica and saxophone in addition to a gentle guitar accompaniment.  The song, "Tom Sawyer Type" is a fun and sassy song sung with guitar and fiddle about being a carefree vagabond.  In "Lazy Afternoon"  you can just feel the heat of a late summer sun as a wistful harmonica plays in the background.  My favorite song, "I'm Saying Goodbye": is reminiscent of Patsy Cline and it has a melody that sticks with you long after the music has stopped.  Make yourself a cup of tea, sit back and give a listen to the Soulful Sidekicks.
This duo explores the world of original songs with wonderful melodies and creative lyrics. Their harmony issolid and their voices blend together to create a lovely tone! Special songs include: Tom Sawyer Type,I'm Saying Goodbye, Make it Better, Shelter of Wise Things and their cover of both Our Town and Long May You Run!Take a few minutes to hear their gentle sounds by a warm fire and enjoy!
Laura Henning And Ginger Cassanova have done a great job creating a well rounded collection of music. I especially like Lazy Afternoon for its harmonies and well balanced blend of guitar and harmonica.  Make It Better  has a wonderful bounce and an up lifting message that touches a resonating chord that folks need to day. I hope others buy this CD for the simple pleasure it is.
Freddy Hall & The Best Intentions - Wander Years (Miles North)Before recording "Wander Years" New Yorker Freddie Hall spent the previous four years touring and travelling the world, living in comfy shoes and out of backpacks. The experience he gained must have influenced these recordings in many ways, though, apart from the title, there's nothing that leaps out. Instead Hall and his band offer up pristine confections of American alternative pop and rock, a sound that links Foo Fighters, R.E.M. and Ben Folds, without sounding too much like any of them.It's a sterling collection. Hall's got a good ear for a pop hook and the tunes come thick and fast. It's not a long recording by any means - 11 tracks in 37 minutes - but there's more than enough time for the band to make a big impression and they grab the opportunity with both hands. "Train Wreck" presents the first tangible indication of good things to come; it's muscular and direct, with a propulsive rhythmic quality, which hurls the song forward. "Hold Love, Keep It in Your Hands" is completely different. Hall's tumbling words provide initial focus, but as the track warms up, a certain epic quality comes to the fore. It's a fantastic track and deserves whatever audience it finds. Other highlights include "Stories", which injects a cool, punk edge and "A Lullaby", a song that shows a whole different side to Hall and his cohorts.
The Manifestivus - Ethereal Delirium (Independent)They've only been together for a year, but Richmond, Virginia's The Manifestivus seem to have got their act together extremely quickly. Their debut album "Ethereal Delirium" is an assured, confident collection with a well-defined `band' sound. The group formed around the talents of singer-songwriter-guitarist Bryce McClellan, and although his songs are placed firmly centre stage, the rest of the band, Tristan Dougherty (bass), Alexander Lee (violin), Clifton McDaniel (guitars) and Brian Wiltz (drums), play their socks off, creating a supremely calm, chilled, indie-psychedelic setting.It's an album that seeps into the consciousness. McClellan's songs appear at first, almost too slight, too delicate to register, but rather than dismiss them, the urge is to care for and nurture them. Essentially, to really listen, and the rewards are forthcoming. Indeed, he's got plenty to say and he delivers with the gentlest of melodic barbs, which repeatedly catch.They set the tone on opening track "Astonishment" - guitars chime, a sweeping violin colours the spaces, and McClellan's hushed vocal, occasionally double tracked, unfurls the tale. "My Thoughts and Their Spores" releases a classic West Coast country rock influence, without compromising their core style, and it's just wonderful. Later tracks "Cosmically" and "Sink in the Mood" seem a little more strident and emotionally wrought, and provide even more depth to an album that already far too easy to drown in.
jason molina rarely disappoints - this album is a little more studio-driven than &#34;let me go,&#34; but is still sure to please.
if you ever wandered past a bar or club and heard someone playing inside and decided to go check it out for a couple minutes, and the next thing you knew he was down to the last song and you were still sitting there, this is that guy.  laid back, unpretentious, been there but still willing to do that, in the great tradition.  now you can bring the CD home and water down your own drinks, no cover.  and you still get to hear a really good set.
Barbara Cassidy Band - Leaving Things The Way I Found Them (Suspicious Motives)The Barbara Cassidy band is comprised of Barbara Cassidy (no surprise there), Cassidy's husband Eric Chasalow, and guests. Cassidy's roots are firmly embedded in musical theatre and cabaret, and in the world of independent music, she's something of a rarity, insofar she's a professional singer, and a fine one at that. Her vocal rings out clear and true throughout "Leaving Things The Way I Found Them", a collection of folk songs, old and new, traditional and original.Chasalow is a classical composer and musician of some renown, but has always maintained an interest in pop music; its composition and songwriting. Sadly, he wasn't a natural lyricist, but Cassidy is, and she taps effortlessly into an American story-telling-folk tradition, and does so in a way that seems utterly authentic, even recalling her own family history on "Anna's Song - Shohola, 1864". It's a genuine standout track, the sort of song that gets the hairs rising on the back of the neck, and that's by no means a unique experience. "If Time Stood Still" is a classic country rocker in the vein of Great Speckled Bird, their take on "Wayfaring Stranger" is intense and very nearly noble, and the first song they wrote together, "Banks of the Galena", suggests an almost instant musical understanding.
This is a good CD. She has a pretty voice and the songs fit her style. The music itself is rather relaxing. Hope to hear more from her in the future.
Catchy tunes with great acoustic sound. I especially like Set Sail, Sailor's Song, and the upbeat Careless Heart & Zoo.
Hard to categorize this album, classic country rock on some tracks, poignant and folky on others. Lyrics are the highlight, loves and losses. "Hold the Time" is a lovely standout. "You Believe Yourself" is a cutting take on crazy relationships.
Became wise to this through Martin Guitars.Very nice cd.  Anyone into flatpickin' will like this for sure.  Get yours today.
Dreamin' Ways - Love In A Hard World (Independent)Dreamin' Ways' John MacDonald and Heather Walsh describe themselves as the "new old kids on the block", which pretty much nails it. MacDonald, originally from North Bay, Ontario, but now based in Ottawa, has been writing and performing for over 30 years. Walsh's musical background is incredibly diverse, from musical theatre and barbershop, to jazz bands and soul groups. On "Love In A Hard World" MacDonald mostly takes the lead vocal with Walsh providing harmony, and emphasizing certain phrases and hooks.It works rather well. MacDonald's voice is rootsy and relaxed, and he would have sounded perfectly at home fronting a country-rock band on the cusp of the `70s. Indeed, opening track "Quest" wouldn't have sounded out of place on the Grateful Dead's "Workingman's Dead" album, and later tracks "Turning of the Wheel" and "Indian Grove" are in a similar vein. When Walsh steps up to the mic to take lead on "No Middle Ground" and "I Thought You'd Stick Around" there's a hint of classic period Carole King to be enjoyed. Recorded live in front of a friendly, though respectful audience, "Love In A Hard World" may not be a hi-fi listening experience, but it's still incredibly easy on the ear, and it's good to hear the duo (and their band) in a natural performance setting.
The Night Travelers - Campfire (Mystic Wood)The Night Travelers are a folk-bluegrass duo from Georgia, comprising renowned 5-string banjo player James McKinney with Niki Portmann on upright bass. McKinney earned his musical spurs winning the South U.S. Banjo Championship at age 15, and in 1982 he came first in the National Banjo Championship. He went on to play with Bill Monroe, John Hartford and others. In the `80s he settled in Nashville, recorded with country music greats like Porter Wagoner and Johnny Cash, and toured as part of The Vassar Clements Band.Portmann was born in Switzerland, moved to the USA as a child, and came to her chosen instrument fairly late. With McKinney's encouragement and tutelage she's become an accomplished player, and together they make some great American roots music.McKinney sings as well as plays, and although his voice is a little rough at the edges, he brings plenty of homely backporch warmth to his performance. We get to know the pair pretty well over eleven tracks, and although there's nothing fancy about the production, we do get to be impressed by both McKinney's instrumental prowess and Portmann's way with a rock solid rhythm.They've previously been compared to Nickel Creek and Alison Krauss & Union Station, but beyond the fact that they're exploring and playing in much the same genre, it's an unfair comparison. The Night Travelers are recording with limited means and there's nothing slick about them whatsoever. As a result, they sound like a genuine voice; a throwback to simpler times, and I'm all for them.
Crooked Pine Band - No Better Times (Independent)Formed originally in 1974, the three members of Crooked Pine, Frank McConnell, Marion Boatwright and Craig Bannerman were straight out of college, eager to learn and play and gig, and invariably shared all those aspirations and ambitions that young bands have. Inevitably real life got in the way, families were raised and careers outside music were forged, but they obviously didn't lose touch with each other, and in 2010 the Crooked Pine Band were back in business.I imagine, these days, they're playing just for fun, which is appropriate as "No Better Times" is entertaining, enjoyable and always fun. They mix up fairly obscure covers with original material, and it's a credit to both their writing and their feel for old-time Americana, that we're hard pressed to tell the difference between them. They get things started with a stab at Red Clay Ramblers' "Twisted Laurel", and it really could have been recorded 50 years ago - or yesterday. Their take on Hank Williams' "Settin' the Woods on Fire" is just as affecting, and their own "Calvary", a tribute to Levon Helm, moves at its own pace, and does strange things to the hairs on the back of the neck. All three, McConnell, Boatwright and Bannerman, are fine musicians and "No Better Times" peaks when they're whipping up a storm together; so a special mention for the West Virginia modal medley "Greasy Coat/ The 28th of January" and the barn dance jiggery of "Julie Ann Johnson", which links their homegrown folk dance tunes with the British tradition.
Saldaje - Let Them Dance (Independent)Saldaje is Melonie Steffes and Shaun Anchak, a duo described by one writer as "the darkest ukulele band in Northern Michigan", and who take their name from a "Portuguese expression of intense, often nostalgic longing". Within those two quotes is a lot of information, and more than enough clues to provide some sort of impression of what Steffes and Anchak are about before one's even heard their record."Let Them Dance" is, as far as I can ascertain, their debut release, and it fulfills expectations. Influenced primarily by the European folk tradition, the duo contemporizes and deviates their style through original songs, the addition of non-folk instruments, and a healthy respect for artists like Tom Waits and Nick Cave.They set the mood beautifully with the acapella "Rusalka". Steffes' voice rings out uncluttered and pure, and leads into "Blossoms" where gypsy jazz and Middle Eastern strains combine with ukulele strums and dark tales of love and betrayal. The mood is shadowy and mysterious throughout, and song titles like "Fingernails", "Skeletons" and "Absinthe" are hugely evocative, and all three satisfy. The latter providing a distinct highlight, a mesmeric melody captivates, and both players shine.
Nice songs and some a little obscure which I like! Just wish it had a few more of the famous known tunes
Jessie Veeder - Nothing's Forever (Independent)It would be easy to describe Jessie Veeder as a singer-songwriter and leave it at that, but the North Dakota native has several careers and occupations ongoing, including rancher, blogger (see her Veeder Ranch blog), radio commentator and journalist. Her new album, "Nothing's Forever", is a thoroughly enjoyable collection of songs that gets to the heart of prairie living, and instills a plethora of images that transport the listener to vistas new. It's sung in Veeder's rich, powerful voice and comes with an emotional grasp that grabs hold and doesn't let go.She released her debut collection when she was just 16 (she's now 29) and comes from a family of ranchers and musicians, so not only does she know intimately what she's writing and singing about, she's inherited the genes and talent to do it well. Here Veeder begins with the album's title track, a heartfelt paean to the transitory nature of existence, and it's poignant and affecting. "Boomtown" pays tribute to the men who work the oilfields of her home state and "Home" and "Green Grass" both refer directly to her surroundings - the latter is particularly toothsome, with some wonderful playing by local North Dakota multi-instrumentalist Mike Endrud.
To start this review I have to say: Ben Cooper (aka Radical Face) is an extremely talented musician.  His music is "spacious", epic, evocative, poignant, and intricate.  That said, this EP is probably not the best introduction to his work, even though these are all good songs.  His music is 5 stars; I'm marking this 4 stars because of non-exclusive tracks (which are from his other albums) and alternate versions which are unnecessary (in my opinion.)There are six tracks on this EP:1. Always Gold (Short Attention Span Mix) -- this is identical to the original album version (track 6) except minus the longer part of the instrumental lead-in, and minus a slow-ish musical interlude in the middle.  Pretty much what it says--it's for people with a short attention span, I guess.  I have and love the original version of the song (it's one of my favorite--very moving) so this version does nothing for me emotionally or artistically.  I think it's better with the full lead-in, although omitting the slow interlude later is okay.2. Echoes -- this is a new song, appears nowhere else.  It's a nice song about brotherhood, emotional and well-written as all of Ben Cooper's music, but instrumentally it's probably oversimple.  Just acoustic guitar and piano.  (Don't get me wrong, it's still beautiful, but it doesn't have the soaring, searing power of "Always Gold" [album version]).3. Wandering -- this song says "alternative mix" but actually it's entirely identical to the version here:WanderingAccording to track length that one is longer.  I think it's blank track at the start and end, because I've heard that other version 93 times and trust me, it's the same cut of the same song.Version questions aside, though, this is a very good song.  It has much heavier percussion than is usual for Radical Face--just a little different from his more harmonic works.  Lyrically excellent although perhaps not quite as moving as most of his album "Ghost".4. Always Gold (acoustic version) -- I like the original better, but this is nice and has some original content in the instrumental bits.5. We're On Our Way -- this is an AWESOME song.  However, this is actually from the EP "The Bastards--Volume One", which you can download for free on the Radical Face website.  Nice to have it available on Amazon, though.  (The EP is called "The Bastards" because they're the songs that didn't fit well into his 3-album project, "The Family Tree." :)6. Always Gold (album version) -- this is one of the most poignant, powerful songs I've ever heard.  Listen in a quiet room with a good set of headphones, and pay attention to the lyrics.  Really, if you just want a taste of what this artist has to offer, skip the rest of the EP and just get this song.
I would recommend this to anyone who like folk music and/or is interested in British folk traditions. a lovely CD.
It's Time is a great mix of more traditional Mexican sound and more modern, even rap, sound. They use a great variety of instruments and voicings and they have a great message.
Jessica Pratt's new album, her first, is actually a collection of her recordings over the last 5 years, and definitely isn't the neo-folk or freak-folk that indie music fans are accustomed to these days. This is more like your dad's--or his dad's--folk music: just a gorgeous voice, an acoustic guitar, and a set of exceptional tunes. However, these songs are much dreamier than anything Joan Baez or Joni Mitchell released back in the day, with Pratt's nasally-yet-soothing vocals floating lazily above gentle fingerpicking, resulting in a listening experience that is very serene and relaxing, perfect for lazy Sunday mornings.It's not easy, in today's musical landscape, to stand apart from the crowd while singing traditional folk, but songs like the hauntingly beautiful, Joni Mitchell-esque "Bushel Hyde," the Appalachian vibe of both "Mountain'r Lower" and "Casper," and the languid, hypnotic "Mother Big River," prove that Pratt isn't just another coffee shop folk-singer, but one that deserves to be heard by all music fans, regardless of their genre leanings. The poetic, heartbreaking lyrics combined with excellent melodies are more than enough to separate her from the pack. Not every song here worked for me, but those that didn't were few and far between.While Jessica Pratt's self-titled may not immediately catch the ear of the modern indie fan--who may disregard any album that doesn't immediately sound unique or weird--the music will definitely stick with you, if you let it. There's no denying the power of a simple, great melody and heartfelt lyrics that ring true. The music found here has a timeless quality about it; it sounds good now and it will continue to sound good 20 years from now. She may be only 19, but here she sounds wise beyond her years, and I for one look forward to hearing where she goes next.
The Oh Hellos first full length album is a treasure trove of wonderful indie folk music. A concept album, it must be listened to in it's entirety to get it's full effect. I am looking forward to what this brother/sister duo do next!
4 1/2 starsThat no one has reviewed this, AND it is an astonishing collection stripped back acoustic tunes. I will be downloading his other effort, Gold in the Water soon and am planning to check him out live this spring in the Pacific Northwest. Great find; I hope more people tune into this guy.[...]
Jeffrey Martin has an amazing voice - unique, raw and full of passion.He writes lyrics that capture the essence of individual, fleeting moments.His music sticks into the corners of your brain and you find yourself humming bits and pieces throughout the day.This album is a must-have if you're a fan.And if you're not a fan, you should be.
This is a beautiful song in the Celtic / country tradition!  Don't miss Charlie in concert if you get the chance.
I liked this song. I love Terry's voice. I didnt know he had a couple of bands and have since listened to his other songs. Terry is not the main singer so that is the only thing I didnt like.Oterwise the song is good
Angel Ocana - White Roses (Independent)Angel Ocana - originally from Brooklyn, New York, and now based in Philadelphia - is a singer-songwriter with a keen ear for contemporary styles, yet aware of the tradition in which he operates. The results of that understanding can be heard throughout the four tracks on "White Roses", which resonate with classic songwriting whilst traversing a number of different genres, including alternative folk, dream-pop and gentle, piano-flecked indie-rock.Ocana's father was a DJ, so it's understandable that he heard lots of different music at a young age, and that curiosity and open-mindedness has obviously influenced him when it came to making his own music. For these recordings Christopher Davis-Shannon joins him on bass and Anna K Jarosz plays the fore-mentioned piano, and also sings. Together they make a sound that is enveloping and opulent, and Ocana's songs, which are direct and candid, are sung with a slow, heavy intensity - and it's very effective.Though only four tracks long, the collection clocks in at over 21 minutes, as the group allow plenty of space and time for the songs to grow and develop. They understand completely the dynamics of the music they're making, and nothing feels rushed or unfinished. First track "Fire On the Ocean" makes an ideal opening piece; the shuffling rhythm (Ocana drums), shimmering tones, the density of the arrangement (and its presentation) are spellbinding. They end with the epic "Last Train to You" - its tender, uncluttered opening evolving into a compelling production, which is wholly persuasive.
Any band that comes from the intriguingly named Snohomish in Washington State must have fighting chance. Edmund Wayne is the project of Curt Krause, who has linked up with another North West pacific band namely River Giant to produce this riveting short piece of music. As a bonus for those of you with an interest River Giant's LP can be downloaded free from their web site. Like other Seattle based bands these musicians produce free flowing, highly melodic rock in this case with a jazz twist. Its hard to believe this is a debut EP because of the sheer quality contained within. Opener &#34;To the bugs on my ceiling&#34; reminds this reviewer of the vibe that crosses Andrew Bird with Van Morrison. It is an expertly crafted song and widely available on American music blogs. More intense is the mighty &#34;House on Stilts&#34; where Krause's songwriting shows its impeccable credentials, firing out a huge slice of powerful alt country blues. Alternatively &#34;Pray when I'm lean&#34; is more traditional in origins but is infused with a great vocal. Perhaps best of all is &#34;Good Returns&#34; where there clearly is a Fleet Foxes vibe but it is a haunting ballad all the same and worth seeking out as a point of entry. The whole thing is rounded off by the gorgeous and affecting &#34;Yohanna&#34; again almost effortless in execution and signalling the arrival of a great new prospect. The cast list of this fine production is set out below and please keep a curious eye on the lookout for further songs from this fine bunch of minstrels.Resident Creative Force = Curt Krause- Guitar, VocalsSupported by -River Giant (Tracks 1, 2 & 4)Kyle Jacobson- GuitarLiam O'Connor- DrumsTrent Schreiner- BassAdditional MusiciansHeather Hagen- Violin (Tracks 2, 3 & 4) and Vocal on &#34;Good Returns&#34;Simon Kornelis- Guitar on &#34;Good Returns&#34;Bart Budwig- Trumpet on &#34;To the bugs on my ceiling&#34;Luke Taklo- Vocals on &#34;Pray when I'm lean&#34;
Anna's voice is uniquely light with soul and still playful.  Great lyrics from a talented instrumentalist too!  Listening very often and hoping for more to come!
When I first heard one of the songs in a class, I thought it was Dolly Parton!  She has a little country in her voice but it's definitely rock & roll.  I love Every Little Bird and Walking Stick.  The other songs are great too.
I had no idea what to expect from this album when I got it.  I've followed the other bands that Seth Hecox is in (Becoming the Archetype, Anchors) and knew that good songwriting was in order, so when he said he and Brandon M. Williams were going to do a folk album, I was more curious than dubious.When I heard the first track, I got a more upbeat vibe than I was expecting.  From there, the album hits all kinds of different vibes, with each artist taking two tracks on vocals, then ceding the duties to the other.  The album keeps you on your toes.  I find that the different emotions, either musically or lyrically, can fit my mood at any given time.  I might skip two or three tracks one day and linger on others, but the next day, those songs hit me just right.  Some of the songs can jar you (The Mess I'm In, Shadows) but aren't necessarily bad, just more musically diverse from the other tracks.I've found myself appreciating the album more and more as I leave it on.  There's something new I can appreciate every time I listen.
Jupiter Vinyl - Lazy Ash Tree (Liquid Evergreen Productions)Pittsburgh two-piece Jupiter Vinyl (Corinne Bohjanen on vocals and bass, Ed Horey on acoustic guitar and vocals) keep things relatively simple on their debut LP. Musically they keep to the guitar / bass template, with both performers taking both lead and backing vocals, though Bohjanen takes the majority of leads - which is fitting, as she writes the words. Their sound, a blend of upbeat folk and sunshine infused indie pop is never less than utterly charming, and is almost guaranteed to bring a smile to the face of the most cynical of music fans.On stage they play a variety of cover material, from Johnny Cash to Radiohead, but for their debut they present only one non-original song, Maya Debski's "Dreams from Clouds". It's not a name I'm familiar with, and have no original version to compare with, but in the hands of Bohjanen and Horey it becomes something quite beautiful and serene. Before that they open proceedings with "Magic Soap", propelled by Horey's fierce strum, it's an irresistible cry for freedom, artistic or otherwise, and wrapped up in just over two exhilarating minutes. Just as good and twice as delightful is "Wabash", a summer paean to driving south with the windows down. I can't hear it without kicking off my shoes and cracking a cold one.Before I sign off, I should mention the presentation, and available formats. Artist David Wadsworth has painted a picture in oils to accompany each song, and they can be seen with the CD edition, which comes in a 100% recycled eco-wallet case, with a 12-page booklet. Additionally, there's a vinyl edition, which also includes artwork by Wadsworth. Needless to say, downloads are available, too.
Matt Rineer's Sycamore is a delight.  Using such an adjective for a singer/songwriter record may feel strange, as so many of these releases are either self-indulgent or bitter, but Rineer's second EP is as pleasant and enjoyable a record as one could hope. While none of the tracks strike such a brilliant cord as "There Is a Love" (found on Rineer's equally strong initial outing, Survive ), each song on the 4-track Sycamore adds to the total experience which demands your ear, if even the sound is in the background. It's the type of album that you'll overhear and think "Huh. I like this."And I believe that this imminent yet nonaggressive call for attention is the greatest strength of Sycamore. Rineer sings of hope and unity, and I for one believe him when he does so. His personal affinity for finding the brighter side of life and rallying against the darkness is evidenced in not only his lyrics but his melodies, instrument choices, and compositions. Wherever he has found his hope, he shows himself to be a true believer.This thematic consistency is coupled with a level of restraint, however, that keeps him from being didactic or overbearing. Never did I feel like his enthusiasm for life was thrust upon me, as if he were saying, "get your act together and feel how I feel". On the contrary, Rineer seems content to simply say "I am." without begging for your agreement or empathy. His music delights in its own steadfast innocence, regardless of the listener's perception or attitude.Sycamore is refreshing, engaging and wholly worth purchasing. I foresee that the work of Matt Rineer will be of value to me in the years to come, for when heartache and disappointment inevitably appear during life's ebb and flow, I will not be able to help but smile, at least a little, when I turn on these tracks.
The music is wonderful, uplifting and infectious.  It is the third for this group and well recommended. Just give it a listen.
Paige Anderson & the fearless kin definitely have room to grow as songwriters, the songs don't feel seamless and the lyrics seem forced at times, otherwise its pretty good, I wish they were more musicians and artists cutting their teeth on tradition instead of superficial pop music
David Noll's Bio:Performing Songwriter David Noll has been described as a singer with a "beautiful, soul-stirring voice," " A professional whose artistry is so wonderfully displayed through lyrics, style and musical emotionalism". His original compositions have been called "joyful, sensitive, moving, healing and comforting." His performances regarded as "both inspirational and motivational".Born in Corpus Christi, Texas in 1953, David grew up in the nearby small town of Ingleside. He began writing poetry when he was nine years old and playing the piano and guitar in his early teens and soon after began setting his poems to music. For most of his adult life he has made a living as a musician.He was a featured entertainer at Gallagher's Restaurant in Corpus Christi from 1977 to 1991 and has also provided music for many community events including United Nations Human Rights Day, Bayfest, Rio Fest, The Art in the Heart Festival, The Corpus Christi Acoustic Music Festival, observances of Martin Luther King's Birthday and many Bahai Fireside House Concerts and the Baha'i Building the Kingdom Conferenceheld in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 2001.He has written or co-written songs for The Texas State Aquarium, The Corpus Christi Child Abuse Council, The Junior Peace Makers Club and with Dr. Carmen Tafolla, songs for the children's book, "Baby Coyote and the Old Woman". He has performed in coffee houses, songwriter's showcases, colleges, creative writing classes, restaurants and clubs throughout Texas as well as Los Angeles and Nashville.
Ant Couch - Just One More Wave (Independent)New Zealand born singer-songwriter Anthony Couch relocated to Melbourne, Australia in 2006, specifically to further his musical aspirations. Since the move, he's become an active and enthusiastic participant in the local scene, gigging regularly, and writing and releasing a steady stream of new music. "Just One More Wave" is his latest, and his debut long-playing record.Get past the cover, the simple tinted image and the strangely inappropriate gothic German font, and you'll discover a singer-songwriter with a deft touch and an easy-on-the-ear demeanor. It's an album of acoustic, folk-pop songs with plenty of lyrical twists and turns, and hooks that burrow deep in the subconscious. I imagine they make ideal listening for carefree sunny days and balmy evenings, and for those of us `enjoying' a Northern Hemisphere winter, they bring a little imported glow."Passing Time", the album's opening track, delivers everything that's expected. A warm, rhythmic strum is enhanced with a delicate lead guitar and Couch's affable tone. "My Own Eyes" is beautifully pensive, with a harmonica lead that perfectly compliments both the fragility of the vocal and the general mood of the song. The upbeat "Downstairs" applies a pleasing old-time, recorded-in-a-cupboard effect and the super-radio-friendly "The Same Old Song" would be the lead single, if we still cared about such things.
Mel Annala - In Your Eyes (Independent)I think it's fair to say Mel Annala is no spring chicken. I'm not sure exactly of his age but reading his website biography, and doing a few sums, I'd say he's in his early 60s. Also, from what I can ascertain, "In Your Eyes" is his debut record. I imagine some of you might think that's a bit strange, but not at all. It's a common enough phenomenon, which usually involves an early, yet unfulfilled career in music, its near abandonment when responsibilities come along like families, mortgages and proper employment, and a return to music when time and financial pressures ease. So it is here. Annala's music making goes back to the early 1960s and bands like The Agents and folk trio, The Scarcity Of Time. Over the years he's kept his hand in, playing in part-time wedding bands, country, folk and bar bands, and in 2006, he set out on his own, playing solo shows with a repertoire of traditional favourites and original folk-rock songs.I imagine "In Your Eyes" pretty much represents his shows; a mix of well-known material with a smattering of his own songs, and all sung with heart-on-the sleeve openness and warmth. For the most part these are songs that Annala has grown up with and of course, he knows them intimately. He opens the album with the Mississippi Sheiks' "Sitting On Top of the World", and he plays it fast and lean. Dylan's "All Along the Watchtower" retains its drama, as does "Long Black Veil". Perhaps most surprising of all is his take on "House of the Rising Sun". Just when you thought it was impossible to do anything new with a song 96% (official made-up statistic) of all guitarists play, Annala manages to make it sound fresh, without doing anything radically different. Of his songs, particular attention should be paid to the title track, which is full of hurt and resignation, and "Dark Disguise", a Byrds-ian folk rocker with no shortage of hooks and a patented Dylan-esque harmonica solo.
Even before putting this on the player one knows that it is going to be looking back at previous works as it combines the crow from `Manikin Parade' with the rabbit from `Kingdom Of Ruin' but what is somewhat unusual for a prog band is that this is fully acoustic, and also that all of the proceeds are going to charity (Heartland Rabbit Rescue in Oklahoma where band leader Clay adopted two rabbits from himself). This has been put out there as a Vangough release, but only singer/guitarist Clay and bassist Jeren Martin are there from the last album, with Corey Mast (keys) and Brandon Lopez (drums) absent but that may well be due to the structure of this album as while there is a percussionist (Kyle Haws) the other musicians are Justus Johnston (violin) and Jose Palacios (cello).The gentle introduction of "Leaving Bricolage" with the strings combining with the sounds of crows and a storm leads us into "A Song For Crows" and a nod back to the debut. This is a wonderful acoustic combination where Clay sings both emotionally and powerfully yet with control and restraint. It is easily one of the best songs they have ever done, just proving that numbers don't have to be bombastic to be effective. I have read that "Throne of Rusty" contains an acoustic version of a game song, but as with all of the songs on their second album I was too busy playing music to play video games so don't know any of the originals. What I do know is that here they have allowed the violin to take the lead in a wonderfully evocative number that to me always feels like the perfect music to put alongside galloping horses. Then we move into "The Rabbit Chronicles" which is of course linked to the last album, where yet again Clay allows the strings to take centre stage. I particularly like the way that this one switches emphasis and moves around. The final "The Road To Blighttown" brings back the crows and the storm as everything winds down.This is only an EP, but shows just how much the band have expanded their musical outlook in a very short period of time and I look forward to the next album with interest. [...]
Allison Shapira - Coming Home (Independent)Describing herself as a recovering opera singer, in 2012 Allison Shapira decamped from Harvard, and what reads like a particularly highflying career in communications and the diplomatic corps, to play the European coffee house circuit, with nothing but her new songs and an acoustic guitar for company. Remarkably, she'd only begun playing and writing lyrics the previous year.She seems to have taken to the instrument quite naturally, eliciting a warm, unfussy tone from the strings, and what she lacks in technical know-how, she more than compensates with a voice that's simultaneously rich, honeyed, dense and altogether quite beautiful. Set alongside her delicately picked guitar, it's the groundbreaking early works of Joan Baez that come most readily to mind, though Shapira concentrates far more on her own material, rather than the traditional oeuvre. Interestingly, the one cover on "Coming Home" is Baez's mid-`70s calling card "Diamonds and Rust".The album begins with an absolute gem; "Man Walks By" is a love song of sorts, but with all the ambiguity and maturity of a classic Carole King or Carly Simon number. "All Along" recounts the tale of that initial trip to Europe, though not the adventure, but rather the heartbreak of leaving someone special behind. Known by her growing fan base as `Allison from Boston', perhaps it's her "Song for Boston" that best defines her. It's another love song, but this time it's for a city, and much like the rest of the record, it's heartfelt and sincere.
Though "Chicago Farmer" was originally the name of his band, six albums in, it's become a solo sobriquet for Cody Diekhoff. A native of Delavan, IL (population 1,825), Diekhoff replanted his rural roots in the big city whose name was bestowed upon him. He cites Woody Guthrie and fellow Illinoisan John Prine as influences, but there's a good helping of country in his folk songs, and his voice cuts through with a high-lonesomeness that may remind you of Hank Williams, Green on Red's Dan Stuart or Roky Erickson. He often performs solo (and does so on a few tracks here), but for this outing he's gathered Chicago players on guitar, bass, drums, organ, resonator, dobro and pedal steel, and christened the aggregation "the Hired Hands." You'd hardly know they were a session band, as the live-to-analog-tape performances have the we're-so-tight-we-can-swing looseness of a road-honed unit. Diekhoff's songs blend the details of country living with big-city realities as he sings of a small town's suffocating embrace and the protective prescience of a rural upbringing. There are songs of rooted worry and existential angst, and the album's title track, with its swinging steel and Merle Travis-styled picking, is sing-along ready. Audience participation is apparently a regular feature of Diekhoff's live shows, and the inviting nature of his songs translates well to record. [2013 Hyperbolium]
Justin Heron - The Justin Heron EP (Vividarium Recording Co.)Justin Heron's debut release is a five track EP that showcases his folk-rock style, whilst leaving plenty of space for the myriad influences that have shaped his musical upbringing. The Milwaukee, Wisconsin native plays regularly in and around his hometown, either solo or as part of a trio (with drummer, Nez and bassist Sam Matteson), and it's this line-up who play on the EP, with assistance from Patrick Joseph Hoctor on cello and Kristina Priceman on violin.Produced by Heron and recorded in the chapel of the Milwaukee Newman Center, there's no shortage of dark atmosphere present throughout the five tracks, and on occasion the effect is quite haunting and ethereal, without succumbing to anything approaching the staged trappings of contemporary Goth.The EP begins with the crashing intro of "Lay Me Down" though the track soon settles into something more arranged and almost anthemic. Indeed the dynamic acoustic guitars and big chorus bring to mind The Levellers. Middle track "Rag Doll" isn't as easy to pin down. The soaring vocal, sweeping arrangement, strings and sentiments make it the standout three and a half minutes, from an EP that's never less than impressive.
Jonathan Ferguson - Sweeter After Difficulties (Independent)Calgary singer-songwriter Jonathan Ferguson appears to be an authentic throwback to a time when the song and its melody were everything, and distractions like image and rampant promotion were inconsequential or simply avoided. Of course, those things were always important, in various degrees, and a non-image is an image in itself. Still, Ferguson certainly gives the impression of an uncomplicated singer-songwriter, with stories to tell and tunes to share."Sweeter After Difficulties" is Ferguson's debut collection, and unsurprisingly, in his native Canada it has considerably raised his profile. The 13 songs are distinctive and engaging, with production that varies from lush strings and full band arrangements to simple, percussive guitar strums. Whatever the approach, Ferguson places his words high in the mix and centre stage, singing his songs about ordinary people and the situations in which they find themselves; quite possibly the only real definition of folksong.As with the majority of songwriters, Ferguson rarely writes about himself. Instead taking on characters and themes that range from unrequited love to conflicts of conscience, but as the title suggests, the ability to overcome these trials and tribulations is where strength is to be found. There is no shortage of standout tracks on "Sweeter After Difficulties". Opener "Ballerina" sets a scene of love gone awry, and "House On the Water" is all about escape. Perhaps my favourite is "Sunrise At the Airport", a paean to love, and it's a big hook-laden pop song, which, if there were any justice, would be taking up residence on a radio near you.
This is the open-mike night at your local pub where you are pleasantly surprised by the unknown and humble-looking stranger that is strumming tunes that carry the mood between nostalgia, easy-chair, absolution, self-righteousness, and just plain relaxation. One man's "unpolished" is another man's "unvarnished" and Jay's lyrics could fall into either category depending on your taste. For an amateur musician Jay pulls together the chords, melodies and words that provide a very comfortable Sunday afternoon backdrop.
I just got &#34;Jean- Baptiste&#34; and must say that this album grows on you the more you listen to it!  My personal favorite on the album is &#34;My Virginia&#34;.
What this appears to be is 19 of the 20 tracks from two different albums:The Art of the Guitarby Sabicas, andFlamenco Stylesby Sabicas and Escudero.  The latter is also available on CD as atwoferwithFantastic Guitars.The titles of the tracks (and the performers) as listed by Amazon are garbled, and I haven't cross-checked them against the originals; but the missing track seems to be the sevillanas fromFlamenco Styles.It's all good stuff.  See my (and others') reviews of the original albums for more information.UPDATE 2014OK, I've checked the sound samples.  The Sabas solo tracks are OK, but the Sabas and Escudero tracks are REALLY garbled.  Here are their corrrect titles:01) Fandango Fandango del Albaic&iacute;n03) Tientos Camino del monte05) Fandango Fandango del Albaic&iacute;n07) Alegr&iacute;as Solera Gaditana09) Farruca La farruca12) Ronde&ntilde;a Recuerdo a Linares14) Seguiriya Sentimiento flamenco17) Buler&iacute;a Ritmos de Sabicas19) Alegr&iacute;as Solera GaditanaNote that the Fandango and the Alegr&iacute;as both occur twice!  So to judge by the samples, there are THREE tracks missing:&bull; Sevillanas&bull; Soleares Temas primitivos&bull; Nana Improvisaci&oacute;n("Improvisado" should be "Improvisaci&oacute;n", but it's not there anyway, so it doesn't really matter.)If this is indeed what you get when you download, I should say forget the whole thing and getArtand thetwofer.This album is in fact the same asGuitarras de Espa&ntilde;a, but with the tracks shuffled.  Both have the same hames made of the labelling.
Michael Waugh - Heyfield Girl (Independent)Things are looking good for Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Michael Waugh. His new five-track EP "Heyfield Girl" is steadily gathering acclaim, and the title track, when released in demo form to festival organizers and songwriting competitions, resulted in invitations to perform and a clutch of nominations and prizes.It's an outstanding track, rooted firmly in the folk tradition, it tells the story of Waugh's mother, her battle with illness and his father's love for her. It might have been maudlin or a trifle over-sentimental, but thanks to a light-touch and a supple arrangement, it's uplifting and life-affirming.Stories are central to Waugh's style, probably the result of a misspent youth listening to classic country music, and there's a gentle country influence at play throughout the recording. The remarkable "Both of Your Kids" is chock full of detail, the tiny pieces of information that lift a song beyond the ordinary, and "Burned", a brushfire narrative that seems so relevant to Australian life.Local commentators are already comparing Waugh to Paul Kelly, and it'll be interesting to see whether he can make the same international impact. There's a debut album release planned for mid-2013, so we may not have to wait too long to find out.
The Dogs are back with this second album. Again the standout strength is the song writing - check out "Same Things Over & Over", among others. Still has a bit of a raw feel at times - a good thing perhaps. There is an honesty to the sound and the lyrics that gives this band its character.
Billy Bloomquist - Actually (Tracktwo Studios)Billy Bloomquist is a singer-songwriter, photographer, painter, blogger and poet. He also recorded, produced and mixed his latest album, teaches guitar, songwriting and composition, and tennis. Ironically, his music is oft described as chill-out, something Bloomquist can rarely get round to doing much of, and in reality, that's far too simplistic a description. There is an element of his style that relaxes and calms, but he's a songwriter at heart, and it's words that provide the core of his sound, rather than any laid-back, comfortably numb ambience.Based in Wichita, KS, Bloomquist's listed influences include erstwhile indie groups like Postal Service and Death Cab for Cutie, together with solo singer-songwriters like Jason Mraz and Regina Spektor. I'd like to add some others, including West Coast revivalist Jonathan Wilson, and there's certainly a hint of David Crosby's early solo work and John Martyn's mid-`70s earth tones to be heard within the grooves of "Actually".The album begins with "Et Cetera", the first of several tracks that clocks in well over five minutes in length (the complete twelve-track album is over an hour long), and it sets the scene wonderfully. I'm sure it will remind some of the English singer-songwriters who dominated Cherry Red's output at the dawn of the `80s, but it sounds very American, too. "Skeleton" is interesting; ukulele provides the majority of its backing, but it's contrasted with booming percussion. The effect is better than it reads. Perhaps my favourite is "Waterfall". Its almost conversational qualities are offset by shimmering acoustics, and the result is quite lovely.
Odame - Odame Sucks Vol. 1 (Worry Wort)Odame (aka Joshua Grayem) comes from Sacramento. His Facebook biography reads: "My depression raped my excitement and my music was born". As background information goes, it's a little vague, to say the least, but somehow it encapsulates his raison d'etre precisely and with the minimum of frills. A scan of the web, and the various sales sites on which "Odame Sucks Vol. 1" is listed, provides few new clues to the man and his music. Indeed, most sites can't even decide whether it's a dance record, electronica or folk music.The truth is, "Odame Sucks Vol. 1" is a dark mix of all three. Strings, synths and beats, sometimes with a song at the core. It's a collection that occasionally jars and jerks, but mostly in a good way, and Odame's got plenty to say, when he chooses to. He begins the album with a short instrumental piece. "Theme" is built on a metallic riff with dancing `80s electronica providing balance and a smidgen of humour. It's followed by "T.G.T.I.E.D.", an unsettling love song, and "22", a second instrumental, fluid and strangely unstable."Amalgam" is just that, a six and half minute mix of walking synths, shuffling beats, and what may or may not be kitchenware. Maybe my favourite is "Tried", which brings to mind the classic, early Matt Johnson records, and represents an appealing, flawed, humanist form of electronica.
Matt Sanders - Come Hell Or High Water (Independent)Singer-songwriter Matt Sanders has been playing guitar since his early teens, growing up in the mountains of East Tennessee and listening to James Taylor and Billy Joel. He began writing music and songs almost immediately, recording a single, "Regrets" while still in High School and continuing to discover new songwriters to inspire him, especially Damien Rice and Amos Lee. He recorded and released his debut album in 2010, "Apathy Has Found Us Again", and in the same year he headed out on the road with The Band Perry, as guitar technician for the high-flying country trio."Come Hell Or High Water" was recorded within a group setting, and both Sanders and his songs seem invigorated by the process. His sound and style is contemporary, alternative folk, both soulful and emotionally open, so it's important that plenty of space is made for his songs to breathe. That's been achieved with a level of subtlety and restraint that credits the artist, his band and the production team. Opening cut, "Train Wreck" makes for a perfect start, its rolling rhythm underpinned by steady keys and Sanders' watertight lyricism. "It's You" indicates a willingness to try new things, as willful brass and percussion lay an unstable foundation for what is probably Sanders' finest vocal, and "Ocean Tide" is equally impressive with it's tumbledown jazz inflection.
It's obvious how much they like performing together. This is a fun record and I highly recommend it. Buy it!
Tammy Patrick - A Priority: Songs Of A Bower Bird (Independent)Born and raised on the prairies of the Midwest USA, Tammy Patrick took her first musical inspiration from her grandfather, who would sing Depression-era ballads. At college she recorded a trio of albums with Icemakers of the Revolution, before joining New York folk-rockers, the Dorkestra. When they split in 1996, she, and other ex-members formed the Bathtub Virgins, and recorded two more albums, including their much acclaimed debut "Summertime", which was released concurrently with a film of corresponding videos that was shown at New York Film Festival in 1997.Since 1998 Patrick has been based in Phoenix, Arizona, with her partner Jeff Farias, where they operate their own studio, and continue to record. As far as I can ascertain, "A Priority: Songs Of A Bower Bird" is their fourth album.The first thing you'll notice when listening to a Tammy Patrick album is the purity of her vocals. Like Nanci Griffith, with whom she's often compared, she possesses a voice, which almost sounds like it's been filtered through Appalachian mountain rock, simultaneously cleansed, enriched and fortified. She begins here with "Art Taken Alive", accompanied by Farias on guitars and bass, it's a confused narrative, which takes in murder, exotic strangers and basketball, but also celebrates a nostalgic family time, though it's only half remembered."1st Anniversary Song" rolls along with a full band in tow. Again it's a song about remembering, and although the references are vague, it's the sturdiness of the arrangement and Patrick's vocal that'll impress most. When the words aren't so oblique, she's just as good; "Hen" recounts a pheasant hunt, and the imagery is lucid and clear, and when she sings Dolly Parton's classic "Coat of Many Colors", perhaps the most literal song here, she does so with confidence and poise, undaunted by the song's status in country music circles.
Amelia and the Mayor - Amelia (Independent)As their name suggests, Amelia and the Mayor are a duo, comprising of Amelia Edmunds and The Mayor (of Essonville), aka songwriter Albert John Saxby. They got together in 2010 when Saxby discovered Edmunds making toast in his kitchen (this is reported on several websites, though frankly, it raises more questions than it answers), and they subsequently found they shared a mutual love of music making. Edmunds is young, with a sweet voice - ideally suited to the folk-pop and acoustic rock material written by Saxby, a veteran of various groups, including the fondly remembered cowpunk outfit Absolute Whores, who released several records (and cassettes) in the late `80s."Amelia" is their debut album, though they've paved the way with a couple of single releases. Both singles ("Misused Words" and "Feel Your Love") are included on the album, and both provide ideal entry points to the duo's sound and style. The strings on the former collide beautifully with Edmunds' voice, and it's a strikingly good arrangement. On "Feet On the Ground" Saxby takes a share of the lead vocals, and when Edmunds joins in, they soar - and the simple pleasures of "Saints to Pass" are reinforced by genuinely arresting imagery and a delivery that appears to contrast with the inherent drama.
Electric Kazoo - Into The Great White Open (Independent)Formerly known as Good Question, the Calgary, Alberta outfit renamed themselves Electric Kazoo and have released a brand new album, boldly entitled "Into The Great White Open". Though hardly a household name, the band, Sean Goebel (vocals, guitars, banjo, and programming), Mike McPhail (keyboards and vocals), Andrew Clark (drums) and Brian Snyder (bass, guitars, and vocals), have been doing their best to remedy the situation, through extensive gigging. Regulars on their local scene, they've also toured all over the world, including China, and they're already playing shows in support of they're new release. They're dedicated, that's for sure, and the quality of their material suggests a breakthrough, sooner rather later.Of course, luck and timing play a major part in the success of any artist, and it will be no different for Electric Kazoo, but there's no doubt they deserve an audience. Goebel's songs are clever and ambitious, and the group plays their upbeat folktronica with equal parts skill and enthusiasm. The collection opens with "Ambiance"; drummer Clark leads the quartet in various directions and the shared vocals add to the aural intrigue. "A Spontaneous Departure" displays a similar quirky outlook, and "Car Window" combines late period Richard Thompson with The Icicle Works - which works rather well.
Matt Stone - Northern Lights (Independent)"Northern Lights" is Matt Stone's debut album, a thoroughly enjoyable twelve-track affair, which carries on the long tradition of Californian troubadours with positive, feel good vibes to share, and love in their hearts. His stated influences include James Taylor, Kate Wolf and Richard Shindell, and all provide reference points to Stone's own style, if not the songs themselves, then certainly the way they're presented. He's a concise, economic writer, with a talent for putting his thoughts into words with the minimum of fuss, and wrapping them in gentle, easy-on-the-ear tunes. Indeed, it's a sound that's tailor-made for grown-up radio stations.Though very much a singer-songwriter album, there's a long list of musicians who have contributed to the record, and the production throughout is full-bodied and multilayered - and warm and inviting. It begins with the upbeat "The Simple Things", which celebrates those uncomplicated daily pleasures we all take for granted. It's a near faultless start, and sets the tone for the whole collection. Next it's "Sweet Barcelona", a paean to the Spanish city and then the title track, a perfectly judged narrative is complimented by a country-folk arrangement, with Rick Schmidt's pedal steel adding ethereal loveliness. The album continues in much the same excellent vein. Fans of the above mentioned artists would do well to discover Matt Stone, sooner rather than later.
The First Law - Talking Of Michelangelo (Independent)The First Law is singer-songwriter-pianist Nathan Flaks, aided and abetted by Taylor Wilde on drums and minimal synths. "Talking Of Michelangelo" is their debut record, a collection of heartfelt songs with ambitious arrangements and roots in indie and cinematic rock. Names like Keane and Jack come to mind, but they're decidedly darker than the former, and not quite so down-at-heel as the latter. Instead the New York duo concentrate on their strengths, most of which lie in Flaks compositional talents.The production is relatively spartan without ever sounding lo-fi or too severe. Indeed, the back-to-basics approach employed by the pair does much to showcase the splendor of Flaks' songs - and the emotional truths they're exposing. Beginning with "Well-Placed Stranger", its orchestral effects are understated and discreet, but add real impetus to Flaks' fragile vocal. Guest singer Natalie Knezevic does sterling work on the brittle "I See the Ghosts", and "A Grand Insignificance" sounds cluttered and unstructured on first listen, but reveals much with repeated spins. I'm looking forward to hearing what they come up with next time.
Mike Herz - Overgrown (Independent)New Jersey singer-songwriter Mike Herz understands the power of words, and on "Overgrown" he presents 14 songs that recount facets of the human condition with some skill. It's no surprise to read that as a teenager he was fascinated with rap, though it's artists like Dylan and Springsteen who provide much of the inspiration to be found here. It seems I'm not alone in being impressed; Herz has recently received nominations by the Jersey Acoustic Music Awards in several separate categories, including Top Male Songwriter and Top Folk/Americana Act. Things are definitely happening for the young musician.Recorded with Pro Tools and Garageband in various studios and rooms, "Overgrown" sounds remarkably cohesive given the circumstances. Herz plays and sings, both in a solo setting and with a band, and the variety of methods add to the album dynamics. Obviously, it works so well because at the album's core is Herz's songs and vulnerable voice, and the joys of both can be heard immediately on opening cut "Preserved Land", a rootsy, lyrical narrative, bolstered by delicate instrumentation. "Doin' Alright" is upbeat and persuasive, and "Dear Younger Me" gets to grip with regrets and various misgivings, and includes some supple guitar work.
I love just about everything Willson and McKee do. Their original music sounds like it could have been played in the halls of a Chieftain by the bards of old. Instrumentation is superb.  If you ever get a chance to see them live, don't miss it!
After several years of touring and writing together, Christa Wells & Nicole Witt offer their first full-length joint recording project, More Than Rubies.  Wells and Witt decided it was time to release a full-length album under a joined name - More Than Rubies - inspired by Proverbs 3:15 which declares that "wisdom is more precious than rubies."  Since their common purpose in writing and performing is to speak truth in song, this resonated with them deeply. From the beginning, Wells and Witt have shared a desire to make music that matters, that stretches beyond entertainment but also stretches the parameters of popular worship music. They strive to be listeners first, and then to create music that reflects the Gospel and communicates honest experience in a fresh and artful way.original worship songs, all produced in the stripped down piano/violin style their live audiences love. The stirring song "Image of God" was written for a retreat Christa & Nicole hosted along with author/speaker Ann Voskamp (One Thousand Gifts). These songs were written from a place of worship and are intended to lead listeners to that place."Image of God" opens with a stirring violin part, and is an incredibly tender worship offering to God and a beautiful song. The song has a gorgeous blend of violin, piano and Christa's stellar vocals. I really love the chorus--"we come in pieces, we come in fragments, we come discolored to the foot of the Cross...our Maker sees us, all that we have been, bonds us together...the image of God."  The song is profound and moving. If you like prayerful songs that bring you to the Throne Room in worship like "Blessings" by Laura Story and "Your Great Name" by Natalie Grant, then don't miss out on this incredible song for the Church. Nicole sings lead on the next song "Set Free." The song is upbeat with a hooky hand-clap melody and features the celebratory lyrics--"we're set free, free, the `let my people go kinda set free,' set free, free, by the Love that came and died and rose again so we can be set free...let them see we have been set free!"I find myself raising my hands in worship after those opening tracks, and then I'm compelled to reach out horizontally to help show others the love of Jesus. "Dawn of Grace," "Lay Us Low" and "Pray" are also incredible worship songs. "Dawn of Grace" features Christa's piano-based prayerful confession where she proclaims "and once I looked on Jesus' face, it was the dawn of grace." Nicole weighs in with the second verse and it is a truly moving song that ends with Nicole's beautiful violin playing. "Father we confess, oh we confess, we have loved You less than ourselves" is the opening line of "Lay Us Low" which is the type of "gourmet" humble offering of praise I've longed to sing to God. Settle in and really allow yourself to experience these songs. I get completely overwhelmed in the emotion of this song. When Nicole and Christa together profoundly proclaim "So take us down and lay us low, leave ashes in place of gold, Life Giver, Sustainer, let nothing remain of our pride, from Your mountain on high, lay us low" I well up and the tears start streaming down my face. This song has become my personal anthem as I consistently pray for God to remove all trace of pride before Him. As if those songs weren't incredible enough, Christa stops me in my tracks with the compelling song "Pray" which is an amazing re-write of The Lord's Prayer. All believers looking for the words to pray to their Heavenly Father can tenderly and sincerely sing along with Christa and Nicole, "teach us to pray." Amen. They perform on each other's songs, Christa primarily on piano and vocals and Nicole on fiddle and vocals.  The distinction between Christa's folky-piano-pop and Nicole's country-bluegrass style gives their collaborative work a uniquely textured sound for the simple instrumentation."Visible Invisible" challenges listeners that if we as a Church body can rally around the idea that we are admittedly and without shame in need of a Savior, we can trust wholly in Jesus to make us whole. Then we can impact the world as a body of believers. It's our humility in Christ that can speak loudly in this broken world. As the song boldly proclaims, "We are the visible invisible, we are the flesh and bone, Of Your redeeming love, we are, we are Your kingdom unshakeable, Jesus Christ alive in us, the visible invisible." Amen to that! "Live And Breathe" and "Shepherd God" are encouraging anthems of hope and healing that listeners can cling to in their own trying times. Don't miss the beautiful harmony in the bridge of the gorgeous song "Even Though" where these anointed women sing in faith: "His grace is like an ocean / His gifts are overflowing / He will care for those who know Him / His promises are certain / we will not walk alone." I know that many of us struggle with the idea that our past and present mistakes are unforgivable, yet the Bible tells us that isn't true. Read the great translation in The Message of Matthew 11:28-30. Jesus tells us: "Come to me. Get away with me and you'll recover your life. I'll show you how to take a real rest." What an amazing comfort to know that when we struggle with our pain, pride and unloving natures, we can all lay it at the feet of Jesus. A great cover of Matt Redman's "10,000 Reasons (Bless The Lord)" and the upbeat "Coming To The Light" close out this powerful worship album.CLOSING THOUGHTS (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)Singer/Songwriter Christa Wells is best known for writing Natalie Grant's hit single "Held," but her albums leave you breathless. More Than Rubies is a profound listening experience. Nicole's violin and voice blend seamlessly with Christa's piano and voice, which is soothing like Sarah McLachlan, Brooke Fraser and Sara Groves. "Image of God" is one of my favorite worship songs. You can't help but want to reach out and be the Kingdom of God on earth as beautifully expressed in the song. This album grabs me with every song. Truly, every song is amazing, especially "Lay Us Low,"  "Visible Invisible" and "Even Though." Christa has always had a knack for hitting me where I am spiritually and expressing the prayerful yearnings of my heart. This album is no exception as I get welled up praying along with several of the songs and most of all, I am stirred with compassion to love people as Jesus loves us. That's the heart behind this album, and thank you Christa and Nicole for blessing us with your music and for singing the Truth of the Gospel for the Kingdom of God. This album soothes, moves and challenges listeners.  More Than Rubies by Christa Wells & Nicole Witt is an excellent set of songs that focus on the central themes of asking God to inhabit our inner being and truly allow the power of the Holy Spirit to sanctify us along with relying solely on the love of Jesus to truly mold our hearts and make us more like Him.  This album is what Christian music is all about--Jesus.
Dancy - Stories (Independent)Dancy are a Connecticut-based duo comprising of Dan Garaffa (vocals, acoustic guitar, bass, percussion) and Nancy Michaud-Wozniacki (vocals, ukulele, percussion), who met as members of rock / fusion band Organic Chemistry, and decided they wanted to do something a little different. On "Stories", their debut collection, they take a rootsy, Americana-based approach to their songs and performance, and the results are often bewitchingly good. Michaud-Wozniacki is in possession of a pristine old-school country voice that will remind some listeners of artists like Iris DeMent and Laura Cantrell, and they contrast well with the earthier, less polished tones of Dan Garaffa. They share lead vocal duties and sing back-up to each other.Though primarily a duo, they joined on "Stories" by guitarist Ed Sabourin, Tim Braun on keyboards and accordion, and drummer Kevin Hugh; and their contributions raise the bar considerably, filling out the sound and providing a dynamic base for the songs to thrive. Garaffa opens the album with "Big City Blues", a classic down-at-heel country blues, followed by Michaud-Wozniacki's delightful "I Guess I Won't Forget". On "Today and the Rest of Our Lives" Garaffa takes lead again, though ably supported by Michaud-Wozniacki, and the gently off-kilter arrangement and the hint of fear in the presentation, brings to mind Nick Cave's Bad Seeds at their most southern-gothic and country.
The CD is in great condition.  Tracks are skip-free.  It was an enjoyable audio experience.  This is definitely a good buy.
Just saw Justin Hayward and Mike Dawes in Wilmington, Mike was truly amazing as is this first CD. Will look forward to more good stuff from this young man.
Fun CD from a talented guitarist!
Ignore the cover art and give this CD a listen.  If you are in the market for acoustic guitar then you should find this very satisfying.  It is hard to believe that Mike can get so much sound out of a guitar.  If you get the chance, catch him in concert and you will be amazed.
IF YOU LIKE SLAP GUITAR YOU WILL PROBABLY LIKE THIS. NOT FOR EVERYONE, BUT HE'S  QUITE GOOD AT WHAT HE DOES.
I'm impressed with the High Kings work. This is a happy tune. Makes me want to raise a glass of Guiness.
Art Patience - Loud As A Dream (Independent)Born and raised in Seattle in the early `60s, Art Patience's first musical experiences were hearing his mother sing in the Seattle Choir and attending concerts at the Opera House. He began playing harmonica at age eleven, and went on to major in Blues History and Music at The Evergreen State College. After graduation he played in a number of bands, eventually joining the Arizona R&B; outfit Blue Z, before moving back to the Northwest and teaming up with renowned pianist Scott Cossu. Their musical partnership lasted 17 years, and he recently played on Cossu's 2012 album "Jazz, Boogie & D&eacute;j&aacute; Blues"."Loud As A Dream" is Patience's debut solo record, and marks a distinct change in direction for the veteran musician. While he hasn't altogether relinquished his harmonica, his new album very much concentrates on singer-songwriter fare, and as such, guitar and vocals dominate proceedings. Style-wise, the blues are ever present, but also country and folk influences are at play. Indeed, put them altogether, and we might just have the living definition of "Americana" music. His voice, while it lacks the deep timbre of Johnny Cash or Merle Haggard, it shares many common attributes, insofar it's a voice that oozes life experience and is a trifle weathered and beat-up around the edges - perfect for his songs.The album begins with "Chop Wood, Carry Water", a western harmonica sets the scene and Patience tells his tale of regret and redemption. "I May Be Crazy" whips up a cool `50s feel and its theme of love (and desire) gone askew may not be wholly original, but it's fun and frisky, all the same. I'm always ready for a new "train" song, and with "Runaway Train" Patience comes up with his own; and the combination of a speedy, relentless rhythm and an accompanying harmonica is a winner.
Jon Davis - Open Shore (Independent)Jon Davis is a classically trained singer, a jazz pianist and singer-songwriter from Montreal. "Open Shore" is his second album (his debut collection "Golden Hue" was released in 2009) and it reveals a gentle folk-pop style that will remind senior listeners of artists like James Taylor and Nick Drake. Davis' voice most resembles the former, though there's a complexity to his sound and style that reflects both his jazz interests and a considerable artistic ambition. The results are simultaneously easy on the ear, but equally inclined to stretch the listener, as Davis himself is stretched."Open Shore" begins with the sublime "Overcome", its piano arrangement propels Davis' song and fills in the gaps, until the final half minute or so, when its fragility is exposed and its conclusion is almost Antony Hegarty-esque - it's stunningly executed and quite moving. "Streets Aren't Paved" introduces new instruments, including a dirty sounding guitar, and the feel of the record has shifted somewhere new. Fortunately Davis' song and voice provide dual anchors, and however the approach differs, the destination remains the same. It's a fine song, with a distinct blue-collar sensibility and includes a chorus that radio should be excited by.It's an album that deserves to be heard from beginning to end, preferably late in the evening, however it would be utterly remiss to sign off without drawing attention to tracks like "Forest in the City", which hits like a wave, or "Curtain", which is beautifully constructed, with a hook that may have to be surgically removed.
I recently saw this band live and couldn't help but being drawn in. The lyrics, the clear harmonies, and the simple acoustic accompaniments are beautiful. It's hard to choose a favorite song, but &#34;The River&#34; is at the top today.  Listen closely to the words and enjoy!  It's great for daily listening ---- actually multiple listenings per day!
Good stuff all together. True to form for the most part. Tight musically but there is a bit of unusual phrasing in certain tunes.But I'll just attribute that to artistic license.
Royce Mathew - The Sailor's Heart (Independent)"The Sailor's Heart" is Royce Mathew's debut record, a six-track collection that was inspired by annual trips to a beach on Lake Winnipeg, in the Canadian province of Manitoba. Mathew describes the shoreline as "his favourite place on earth", and much of the landscape, and the lake views they proffer, can be found in Mathew's words, but most of all he's a storyteller, using the scenery to propel his tale.When it comes to sound and style, the Edmonton native has a great deal in common with artists such as Luke Doucet, and Simon Felice, though he's a distinctive writer, and on opening cut "Blade of Grass", though the production is spartan and the arrangement simple, he effortlessly holds our attention for the songs short duration. "Girl" is considerably more substantial. A country-folk vibe transports the listener into Mathew's world, and some delicate finger-picked guitar provides detail.The six-plus minute near-title track ("The Lady and the Sailor's Heart") is a master-class in epic folk narrative. His use of imagery is faultless as he leads us through lakeside landmarks, and rhythmic changes of pace concentrate the mind wonderfully. It's probably the standout song in the collection, though there's plenty of stiff competition throughout the EP's half dozen tracks.
Aaron Huff - Bloodstone For Courage (Independent)Aaron Huff is a writer of both songs and short fiction, so it's no surprise that his words take centre-stage on his new album "Bloodstone For Courage". It's the right decision, as he possesses a keen turn of phrase and an ear for a clever rhyme. Musically things are kept pretty simple, with guitar and voice taking most of the strain, and although it's a basic, uncluttered production, there's nothing lo-fi about the result.Thematically, there's not much in the way of light and shadow. It's a brooding, ominous collection of songs, which catalogue disappointment and despondency, which either finds Huff in a particularly dark place, or he's got a remarkable talent for getting inside a character and relating to his doubts, fears and worries. I suspect it's the latter - he's a writer of stories; making this stuff up must be second nature.As for the songs themselves, what they lack in pithy one-liners, they more than compensate with melodic hooks and strong narratives. He begins with "Our Hero", a rumination on loss and learning to accept it. "Small Town Tragedy" wanders a similar path and "Four Years On" is gently affecting and brings to mind both John Prine and Cat Stevens. Other highlights include the evocative "Warm Beer" and the powerful final track "Martyr Me Baby".
Zuhg - Calm & Clear (Independent)Sacramento septet Zuhg are a fusion band, mixing and matching various classic influences - Bob Marley, Grateful Dead, The Band - into one upbeat musical stew. "Calm & Clear" is their third long player and finds the group exploring acoustic routes, over eleven short and sweet, sunshine pop and rock songs.Lead vocalist (and guitarist) Bryan Nichols has a voice that might be the missing link between Bob Weir and Chris Barron, and the group incorporate elements of jazz, `70s rock and roots reggae, without ever losing sight of the song. Clocking in at less than half an hour, "Calm & Clear" may well be an exercise in concise songwriting and self-restraint, though live on stage, I can imagine songs like the opening cut "Everything Is Different" and the jaunty, continental "A Walk in the Park" get to stretch their wings and fly.Actually, there's no shortage of fine songs on "Calm & Clear", but you can't help but wish they'd stick around longer. The old maxim about "leaving them wanting more" obviously applies here, although, there's always the option to play the whole record again, and it's one, I'm sure, that'll be regularly opted for. Repeated plays emphasizes certain songs, and it's impossible to ignore the charms of "Love to Love", where Jesi Naomi takes lead vocal to fine effect and the spiky "Orange", which could almost be the Arctic Monkeys, had they been raised on love and lentils by hippies in California.
Lydia Brownfield - Wanting's For Sinners (Independent)Based in Columbus, Ohio, Lydia Brownfield has been writing songs since the late `80s, playing gigs and releasing records, and slowly and surely honing her craft. "Wanting's For Sinners" is perhaps a culmination of all those years work, its seven tracks a distillation of Brownfield's talents and a chance to share a collection of songs that feel personal and utterly distinctive.Her earliest musical loves were post-punk groups like Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Smiths, Joy Division and Talking Heads, but I'm sure she'd be the first to admit that her tastes have broadened since then to include a vast array of artists and genres, from Latin jazz and old blues to The Eels and Buffy Sainte-Marie. Listening to these songs, it's impossible to pin down particular influences, and what we're left with is a short album's worth of songs that are chock full of sweeping indie-style melodies and songs with something important to share.Beginning with "Fiery Crash", its dark folk-rock tone brings to mind All About Eve. It's followed by the pivotal "Prentiss Song", a deeply sincere and genuine song that relates a friend's experience with cancer - though there's a little digging involved to get the full story. The result is both moving and uplifting. Together with the haunting, gypsy-carnival-esque title track, it's probably my favourite from the record, though apart from its overall brevity, there's nothing here that in any way disappoints.
Phillip Bracken - The Opole Session (Independent)Australian singer-songwriter, Phillip Bracken's debut album was recorded live in the studio under quite extraordinary circumstances. While in Poland - whether touring or just traveling, I've no idea - he met, by chance, four Polish musicians, who he spent two days with, rehearsing his songs, and recording the eight tracks on "The Opole Session". For those for whom geography is not a strong subject, Opole is a city in southern Poland, situated on the Oder River.The four Polish musicians, Jacek Mielcarek (saxaphone and duduk), Jacub Mielcarek (contra bass), Mateusz Szemraj (electric guitar), and Jarek Korzonek (drums) bring an urgent enthusiasm to the table and I'm reminded a little of Van Morrison's "Astral Weeks" record; certainly the process and vitality inherent in the recording.Considering the unfamiliarity of the material to the majority of the musicians, and the live setting in which it's presented, the results are incredibly cohesive, and not at all basic or lo-fi. Indeed, opening track "It's Not Too Late / Ishmael" is beautifully structured, building slowly and surely, with Bracken in fine voice, and "The Storm" impresses with its European gypsy jazz rhythms and the whole band providing energy and flow. "Les Moustiques" continues the trend, and it's a wonderful track. It's almost certainly Bracken's finest moment here, and the musicians weave complex magic in support.Thankfully, Bracken will be back in Europe to play some shows later in 2013.
The Elementalz - Rain Love (Wun Whirled)Hawaii based duo The Elementalz are husband and wife team, Brent Magstadt and Sherri Thal. Magstadt is an accomplished guitarist and multi-instrumentalist with a history of live performance that goes back to the mid-`70s, though he didn't release his debut solo album until 2005. Thal's musical history goes back to 1980, and over the years she's taught voice, violin and musical theory and played with Michelle Shocked and the Lava Jam Band. Together they released their first Elementalz EP in 2009, and have now followed it up with "Rain Love", a seven-track collection that showcases their songwriting, musicianship and harmonies.I'm sure their sunshine island surroundings have influenced their songwriting, but it's not quite as overt as one would have expected. Their style is acoustic folk pop - a little downbeat in places - that references artists like The Grateful Dead, Country Joe and various Beatles and Byrds. Beginning with "Simple Thoughts", Magstadt takes lead and its positive, life-affirming message is heartfelt and uncomplicated. Thal's "London Town" feels decidedly English in its execution, and I'm reminded a little of June Tabor, and the first album she made with Oysterband back in 1990. They come together beautifully on "On the Water". Thal's high singing is incredibly effective, and when the pair sing in unison, they complete the picture.
AcoustiHOO - S/T (Red Cedar Records)Wisconsin four-piece AcoustiHOO (Sue Orfield on saxophone, Lucas Fischer plays guitar and sings, Olaf Lind contributes violin and mandolin and Randy Sinz holds the rhythm together on double bass and sings, too) play a mix of old-school jazz, blues, Klezmer and Americana on their new, self-titled debut record. They've been performing together since 2010, playing both covers and original material.They've a talent for both joyous dance music and melancholy material, and it's the latter that launches the record; "I Can't Shake This Sadness" is beautifully languid, with Orfield's saxophone leading the way. By contrast, their take on the `20s jazz standard "Sweet Georgia Brown" will surely get the most leaden of feet moving and back-ends a-shaking - if you get my drift.The gentle "Lullaby" relies on Fischer's acoustic guitar for mellow propulsion and on "Two Fifteen" the combination of Lind's violin and Orfield's saxophone is beautifully unhurried. "5am Blues" is perhaps their most conventional song - it's folk-rock influences and jazz flourishes bring to mind the West Coast boho scene of the early to mid `70s, and artists like Tom Waits and Rickie Lee Jones.In and around her Chippewa Valley hometown, Orfield is a musician of some repute, and has played with a diverse range of talents, from Bo Diddley and Dizzy Gillespie to Ivan Neville and the Indigo Girls. Although AcoustiHOO aren't quite as prominent as those artists, these eleven recordings will only add to her reputation.
Beautiful in it's simplicity and beautiful in the directness of the oftimes sad and timeless stories he tells. There aren't any frills or fat, no drums or overdubs. It's just Kole and his acoustic guitar. For his age, Kole Black has a really unique sound, kind of like a modern day Cat Stephens or Dan Fogelberg. He describes his style as "coffee house" music. And I can actually feel that in his subtle delivery that give laid back nuances that remind you of a 1960's beatnik strumming his guitar inside a tiny coffee house on rainy "Saturday Afternoon". I look forward to hearing more from this emerging artist. Kudos :)
I like this track a lot. it's simple, open and honest. it just reminds of spring time. way Cool. i like his style :)
I like this track a lot. it's simple, open and honest. it just reminds of spring time. way Cool. i like his style :)
Beautiful in it's simplicity and beautiful in the directness of the oftimes sad and timeless stories he tells. There aren't any frills or fat, no drums or overdubs. It's just Kole and his acoustic guitar. For his age, Kole Black has a really unique sound, kind of like a modern day Cat Stephens or Dan Fogelberg. He describes his style as "coffee house" music. And I can actually feel that in his subtle deliveries and laid back nuances that remind you of a 1960's beatnik strumming his guitar inside a tiny coffee house on rainy "Saturday Afternoon". I look forward to hearing more from this emerging artist. Kudos :)
King's take on English folksongs is very modern, but his voice is mellow and the music owes a  lot to jazz. Understand, I'm not a fan of jazz, but despite that,  I'm really enjoying this album. After playing it a few times, I'm discovering that I'm craving certain songs, like &#34;Robin&#34;. I'm glad I bought it and expect to get more by this artist.
Singer/songwriter Lynn Miles has been big (actually HUGE) in Canada with seven or eight albums under her belt and a JUNO (their Grammy) Award. But she was new to me here in the US until 2011 when I got her "Fall From Beauty" CD. When this CD arrived, I popped it in my player and, from the first track - "Something Beautiful" - I found myself tapping my foot and dancing around the room. The rest of the album didn't let me down either and I've been a huge fan since then.This new album is a fine one too, just a bit different in style. Two of the songs (the opener "More" and "Can't Stop My Heart From Breaking") have Miles singing with a countrified yodel. At least for me, they sounded too similar in style. "My Road", an autobiographical tale was the winner track for me this time, with its great chorus. ""Party Too Long" is another autobiographical song.There are 11 songs on the album, all penned by Miles. Her producer, Ian Lefeuvre, not only produced the disc but also plays an amazing range of instruments on it. (Electric and acoustic guitars, keyboards, banjo, percussion, mandolin, zither and more!). Miles herself plays both kinds of guitars as well as piano, pump organ and percussion. These two provide all the music.I'm glad I found Miles and will continue to follow her career. She definitely has the talent and a great partner in Lefeuvre.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
The Light Hearts - This Fine Line (Independent)Before Connecticut siblings Brian Kiss and Suzanne Vick joined forces in The Light Hearts, both were established performers in their own right. Kiss is a soulful singer-songwriter with touring experience under his belt with Hot Rod Circuit, and the classically trained Vick won awards with her acclaimed debut solo album "The Brightness Of Orchids". Their Light Hearts project should augment both their reputations.They begin with the title track; Kiss takes lead vocal, and it's an instant highlight. The positioning of Kiss' rootsy acoustic guitar and vocal alongside Vick's haunting keyboard, blurs all sorts of genre lines, and creates a unique perspective from the off. It's followed by "Not the One You Want" - again Vick's melancholy keyboards add depth and weight to the arrangement, and this time they divide the vocals, taking verses in turn. Singer-songwriter Seth Adam joins them on "Jane" to provide vocal support, but it's the gentle, unhurried guitar groove they generate that most impresses.Recorded live in the studio over a weekend in March 2013, the duo wrote all the songs on "This Fine Line" (apart from a cover of Bob Dylan's "Boots of Spanish Leather"), played nearly all the instruments and co-produced the collection with local producer Kyle Ryan. Their hands-on approach to all aspects of their album is to be applauded, and simultaneously, their stripped back approach to their music does much to enhance their songs. I hope it's an aspect of their sound that isn't lost on future recordings.
Wounded Pickup - Everybody Street (Independent)Californian singer-songwriter Tom Haithcock primarily formed Wounded Pickup to perform and record his songs - and "Everybody Street" is the fourth album they've released. Taking its title from a Dylan Thomas short story, the literary connotations obviously reference the seriousness with which Haithcock approaches his art, and the emphasis he puts on his words. When coupled with a group dynamic, both Haithcock and his songs retain their central significance, and "Everybody Street" remains a singer-songwriter album at its core.The players that he's surrounded himself with allow plenty of room for his songs to make their mark, and Haithcock's a distinctive vocalist, with an earthy, weathered edge to his voice - perfectly matched to his own material. Songwriters like John Prine and Jerry Jeff Walker spring to mind, artists who blurred the lines between country, folk, blues and rock, and weren't obsessed with clean lines and airbrushed production.Listening to the opening cuts on "Everybody Street", guitar strings are to the fore, and they elegantly sweep the listener along. "Turn My Love Up" is a vibrant, energetic launch track, with a winding slide providing lead, and a song that burrows deep. "Slippin' Away" is a stripped back, classic country tune with a contemporary alternative side, and "Mr. Muir" gets stuck into its narrative with relish. Later highlights include the folk tones of "Underground Arcade" and the stark openness of "So Many Days".
Scott Jardin - Round The World (Independent)Born and raised just outside Boston, Scott Jardin lived for a while in central and western New York, and is now resident again in Massachusetts. Musically, his roots are anchored deep in the Americana tradition and include a myriad of influences, from jazz and blues to folk and bluegrass. He's also toured as a member of Dartmouth Aires, an a capella group, and that's some indication of Jardin's eminently likeable singing voice. It's an instrument he puts to fine use on "Round The World", his latest collection of songs that touch on both the personal and political.His easy vocal style falls somewhere between James Taylor and Don McLean, and is perfectly apposite to both his songs and his intimate acoustic sound. Listen carefully to "Round The World" and the sensation that Jardin is in the room, strumming gently in the corner is undeniable, and it's a credit to the production team. The title track provides a remarkably apt statement of intent. Arriving after a short introductory piece, Jardin's warm, personable tone flows soothingly from the speakers, engulfing the listener in the song. On "Midrange" he utilizes a much fuller production with percussion and electrics, and it's no less enjoyable, and "Honae" plots an unexpected abstract blues course. The album comes with two long bonus tracks, "Constant State" and "Roads and Walls", and the latter is particularly interesting with an ambitious arrangement. An indicator of a new direction, perhaps...
So I thought I'd get the disc version of Breaking Blues latest album. My only complaint - the music on the album doesn't have the same depth as it does in person. However, since I am now 600 miles away from where Breaking Blue plays regularly, it will do nicely as a replacement.
Lani Stanistreet - Unconditional (Independent)From Melbourne, Australia, Lani Stanistreet had been playing guitar and singing for a number of years before the inspiration came to write her own material and take her music seriously. That came in 2010 with the acquisition of her first "real grown-up guitar" - a Martin OMC Aura - and suddenly the desire to write songs and make music a major part of her life to come was overwhelming. "Unconditional" is her debut release.The collection is completely self-penned, and Stanistreet touches on a number of sensitive subjects, from soured friendships to cancer, loneliness and suicide, but does so in a way that's never maudlin or over-sentimental. She's a skilled wordsmith with a crystal clear voice and keen ear for melody. Instrumentally, there's also plenty going on; though her acoustic guitar affords a warm, central foundation for her sound, she's joined by another half dozen musicians and vocalists, providing nuance, emphasis and lots of depth.She's extremely adept at conjuring up mood; "The Undertow" is haunting and poignant, and its theme of cautionary love is beautifully framed in classic folk-rock tones. "You Wear a Golden Ring" is equally evocative, and the title track features an outstanding vocal - maybe the finest on the collection - and you'll find the little hairs that live on the back of things will invariably spring to attention.
Amanda Rheaume - Keep A Fire (Independent)Amanda Rheaume has been regularly releasing music since 2007, both EPs and albums, and playing shows all over the world, from Afghanistan and Dubai to Honduras. She's been involved with the Babes for Breasts charity from its inception, and her "Acoustic Christmas" long-player has raised more than $30,000 for the Boys and Girls Club of Ottawa. For her latest album, Rheaume has turned to her family's history for inspiration, turning stories into songs, and exposing a few universal truths along the way.Her songwriting style, a hybrid of country, folk and pop, provides the perfect vehicle to get her narratives across, and whether she's playing solo with just her guitar, or there's a full band behind her, her vocals are mixed high, and the song is invariably the star attraction.Perhaps the most affecting song in the collection is the near-title track "Keep a Fire in the Rain". It tells the tale of her great grandparents, a mixed-race couple who were unwelcome in either of their communities, so had to live alone in a shack halfway between the mine, where her great grandfather worked, and her great grandmother's Ojibwe native reserve. It's powerful stuff, made all the more intense by Rheaume's personal involvement, and obviously, it's her own M&eacute;tis heritage that provides the song's foundation.It's just one of many excellent tracks on "Keep A Fire", and if you're particularly partial to story-songs, especially those that with some truth to them, then I can whole-heartedly recommend this ten-track collection.
McCullough Girls - Bad Daughter (Independent)The McCullough Girls - Callie and Deborah - are a mother / daughter duo from Stratford, Ontario. Formerly known as The Wildwood Flowers, in 2008 they released a self-titled debut album to some acclaim, and have taken their time with their follow up release. It was time well spent. Musically, they inhabit the space where traditional country, bluegrass and Americana overlap, and the pair, who both sing and play a multitude of instruments, appear intrinsically comfortable with the music they're making."Bad Daughter" was recorded in Nashville and produced by Dave Fowler (Dolly Parton, Tracy Lawrence, Collin Raye). Together they've shaped a record that sounds authentically old-school country, yet utterly timeless. The arrangements leave plenty of space for their voices, which enchant, whether solo or together, and acoustic instrumentation; between them they play guitar, autoharp, mandolin, bouran, dulcimer, and something called a bangitar - which I hope is as much fun as it sounds!Standout tracks come thick and fast. Opener "Old Dirt Road" is dark and mysterious, and taps into old mountain music and blues - a particularly strong start. The title track delivers on several fronts, including exquisite vocals, some subtle lyricism and a gentle, rolling melody, while "Everything Changes" is a delicate rumination on personal evolution, wrapped up in a near perfect three-minute country-pop song. As the album progresses, "Can't Get Worse" has much in common with the sort of thing Kelly Willis was doing 20 years ago - warm, rootsy, mature pop - and on "The Stone" they prove just as adept when they slow things down and apply a little pathos.
Slim Dime - Hold Fast (Independent)Slim Dime - Jen Land and Chris Taylor - are an acoustic, country flecked, alt. folk duo based in Melbourne, Australia who've been together for a decade or so - playing in various groups and configurations. The pair sing together, play guitars and banjo, and it's that basic set-up that they've taken into the studio for their new record "Hold Fast". On paper, it appears a trifle simplistic, but the arrangements and performances are utterly engaging and, because of the nature of the material, altogether timeless. The mix of old songs and original material comes together as a seamless whole and Land sings with a voice that seems steeped in 70 years of backporch, mountain songcraft.Recorded by candlelight (which sounds like a health and safety nightmare), the combination of atmosphere, presentation and themes makes "Hold Fast" a pleasure from beginning to end; and very much an album experience rather than a collection of songs. They begin with "Candyman", a common enough character throughout the Americana tradition, and here Land sings from the female perspective, exploring the personality of the woman who loves the Candyman. Their take on the Carter Family's "The Coalminers Blues" moves at pace under banjo propulsion, and the haunting "Adeline" tells a tale of death in the snow, and its evocative "Oh lord I fear my gal's lost in the snow" refrain lingers long after the song has faded.
I LIKE FOLK MUSIC AND HEARD THIS GROUP AND GOT THEIR CD. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO THOSE WHO LIKE FOLK MUSIC
The Harmaleighs &#8211; People Line Up (Independent)Nashville trio The Harmaleighs hit the ground running with their debut release, the five-track &#8220;People Line Up&#8221; - a lively, lyrical offering, which places them squarely in the new folk-rock scene, alongside bazillion-sellers such as the Mumfords and Fleet Foxes. Their unique selling points are the vibrant lead vocals of Haley Grant (who also writes the songs), their sublime harmonies and the often striking imagery, which they employ.I can&#8217;t imagine it&#8217;s been too easy for them to make an impression on their local scene &#8211; Nashville has never had a reputation for making life easy for artists / groups who don&#8217;t tow the party line. Fortunately, if they can catch the breaks, there&#8217;s a worldwide audience waiting for them. The five songs they present for our delectation are universally strong, and Grant has a fine ear for a pop hook, and writes melodies that stick.Roots radio should be all over them. Opening cut &#8220;Sunflowers&#8221; balances on a chugging banjo riff and is both gentle and assertive. It&#8217;s followed by the excellent &#8220;Freakshow&#8221; where a splash of indie attitude is incorporated and a scratchy mandolin adds plenty of colour. They end with &#8220;Monster in My Head&#8221;, a clever take on mental instability, with a gloom-laden cello in the background providing ominous tones.
Robert Rolfe Feddersen - American Loser (Independent)With a series of acclaimed albums under his belt and his "American Loser" video currently going viral on YouTube, Robert Rolfe Feddersen must feel like his time has come. His latest collection, also entitled "American Loser", has been recorded by Steve Albini and features ten tracks of honest-to-goodness Americana-folk-rock, where Feddersen rails against injustice, the failure, or at least the deviation, of the American Dream, and his own inbuilt ability to mess things up.They used to call records like this "blue collar rock", and Springsteen was the recognized master of the genre, but Feddersen's songs seem just as authentic and genuine, and although he doesn't quite have the storytelling skills of the Boss, he makes up for it with great tunes, hard-hitting imagery and fire in his guts.Opening with the title track, it's a tale of disenchantment and disappointment, where Feddersen straddles the line between resignation and anger, and the guitar / drum accompaniment is as uncompromising as the subject matter. Albini's method never gets in the way of the song, and it's Feddersen's words that hold the album together - and his candor is admirable. Tracks like "America" and "Waiting for Good Luck" feel dredged from his soul, the latter sharing the same sense of abandonment that can be found throughout the Townes van Zandt songbook.
For the most part, this is a great album.  Freddy is most familiar to most people as a member of Riders in the Sky, the Cowboy/Folk group that does so many terrific harmonies.  He also is the humorous sidekick of Riders in the Sky member Ranger Doug.On his solo album, there are a lot of great songs.  I gave it 4 stars only because I think 31 minutes is a bit short and someof the humor tracks like Garth Does Darth Does Garth just leave me short.But, to offset that kind of material are some truly gem great tracks like "Who Offed Hoffa," about the unsolved disappearance/murder of the former Teamster leader on July 30, 1975; and "Fathers Day," about a divorced Dad's lamenting how little time he can spend with his son.Overall, I am quite satisfied with the album.
Jonathan Foster - Sabbatical (Shea B Lab Records)California based singer-songwriter Jonathan Foster mixes up folk, acoustic blues, country-rock and gritty lyricism to excellent effect on his new long-player, "Sabbatical".The result of a monthly songwriting and recording project, "Sabbatical" accidently morphed into an album - his first studio effort - and collects a group of songs that reflect the changes happening in his life during the period in question - while simultaneously paying tribute to fellow songwriter Sam Bragdon.Bragdon died in 1983, and on "Sam" Foster imagines a series of scenarios, which are fictional, but roll along beautifully. He also covers a couple of Bragdon's songs, namely "Box of Ribbons" and "Too Much Love (Much Too Late)". Both are chock full of clever wordplay, vivid imagery - the former, especially - and contain rich melodies and hooks aplenty. Why haven't I heard of him before?Fortunately, Foster's songs are just as interesting with an emphasis of deft wordplay and tunes that dig deep. He begins with the dramatic "Kingsnake", where a shadowy aura dominates the mood, and brings to mind Joe Henry's early records. "Sevens" is muscular and vital, and delivered with real power - both the music and words - and "Peaks & Valleys" is a road song that's touching and uplifting, with a gentle heart.Guitarist Ron Gillette provides sterling support throughout the ten tracks, adding depth and momentum, and the full-blooded production does much to bring Foster's artistic vision to fruition.
I really enjoy this album, and the only reason that I gave it 4 stars is that these guys sound even better live. There is something about their live performance that doesn't fully translate to their recorded albums. They have a lot of charisma in person, and make creative changes to their songs, which go over really well in person.
Thousand Faces - S/T (Independent)Led by singer-songwriter-guitarist-bassist-producer Evan McCulloch, New York City's Thousand Faces play a hybrid form of folk-rock, which incorporates various contemporary sounds and styles. With a core membership of three - McCulloch together with Ryan Stokes (vocals, guitar) and Brian Adler (drums, percussion) - Thousand Faces are joined on the recording by several guest musicians, who add trumpet, saxophone and backing vocals. As a result, the music they make is complex and multi-layered, and suits repeated listening.McCulloch's a writer with plenty to say and with the perfect voice to say it. His rich, emotionally open tones give added resonance to his songs and the musicians around him provide plenty of space for his words to come to life - and those words invariably take centre stage.The album begins with the faultless "Luminous" - its almost dreamlike narrative takes the listener on a journey that Jim Jarmusch should look into filming. I'd pay to watch it. Stokes plays some fine guitar throughout the track, infusing a Spanish flavour, which was unexpected but works incredibly well. "You Shine" wanders into Coldplay territory, but McCulloch ups the soul quota, and its stripped back instrumentation keeps the song grounded. "Open Door" taps straight into the new folk-rock sound, and fans of Fleet Foxes and the Mumfords should check it out, pronto. Indeed, it soars in a most satisfying manner, and the combination of vocals and guitar is almost magical.
Corey Abell &#8211; Rainwater Youth (Independent)From Vancouver, British Columbia, singer-songwriter Corey Abell inhibits a musical space where various genres intersect, and it&#8217;s that cross-spectrum of styles &#8211; pop, folk, soul, rock, jazz - that helps make &#8220;Rainwater Youth&#8221; such a worthwhile listen. The final additions to the equation are Abell&#8217;s engaging vocal style and the quality of his songwriting. The result is an album you&#8217;ll potentially want to spend considerable time with.For an independently released debut album, Abell has fashioned a collection that&#8217;s both assured and confident. It&#8217;s also lyrically rich, with no shortage of fine pop moments or easy, conversational flights. His voice is jazzy, honeyed and relaxed, and on opening cut &#8220;Kids First&#8221; he keeps things simple, with the buzz of his guitar strings emphasizing the back to basics approach. Even with minimal instrumentation &#8211; for the first part, anyway &#8211; it remain a remarkably fulsome sound, and when drums, keys, brass, etc. arrives on the scene, it erupts into a massive, messy high.&#8220;Salene&#8221; tempers the onslaught, its electronica blending sweetly with Abell&#8217;s gentler, acoustic side, and it&#8217;s followed by the title track, which is beautifully woozy and laden with echo and half-heard intrigue. On &#8220;Georgie, Where Are You Georgie?&#8221; a languid strum leisurely moves the song forward, but its lazy countenance does little to disguise a first-rate number.
Neil Byrne is one of my favorite Celtic Thunder singers. And Ryan Kelly is probably my third (current) fave. You like their voices you like this album.  I think these songs would &#34;hear&#34; better live or if you could see them, but it is a great CD for the Celtic Fan who wants all of the members CDs
By far, the strongest draw of "Acoustically Irish" is the pristine blend of Neil and Ryan's voices.  Individually, they are both strong soloists, but they are singers who are extremely talented at blending.  Their harmonies are beautiful, and easily the best part of the album.At both ends of the album and right smack in the middle, you'll find three up-tempo tracks that you'll love. Replete with fun harmonies, all three are a joy to listen to. Don't Go has a cool banjo-y feel to the chorus, Saints and Sinners has the best cadence, and Brown-Eyed Girl is peppy and fun with guaranteed snap-ability.But, my favorites on the album are some of the ballads. All of these are made so very beautiful by the harmonies infused into the choruses. I'm not just putting you on; they are achingly lovely. Beautiful Affair, such a sweet song, is my favorite on the entire CD, but Rose of Allendale comes close on its heels.In the end, if you like good music, if you like male gorgeously-blended voices, if you like acoustic-y goodness, Irish tunes, or anything with a slightly folksy feel, this is the album for you. Enjoy!
A good acoustic version from Neil and Ryan of Celtic Thunder.  Some good upbeat songs.  Neil and Ryan's voice compliment each other very well.  Was shipped quickly.  Would recommend to any of the Celtic Thunder fans out there.
All of the musicians from the Celtic Thunder are abundantly talented in their own individual ways as well as an ensemble.  Their voices are fitting for each of the songs as well as their talent with the guitars.
Floyd, Darling - S/T (Independent)Austin, Texas duo, Floyd, Darling (Clem Darling - guitar, Floyd Colleps - drums and percussion) have emerged from their local indie-folk scene, with a short, but perfectly formed, debut album. Both Darling and Colleps sing well, their songs are pleasingly structured, with plenty of big, catchy pop moments, and considering the sparsity of instrumentation, the sound is full and complete.There are eight songs in total and each one is chock full of lyrical flights. If words were money, they spend like millionaires, taking the listener on journeys through the pair's thoughts, desires, dreams, etc. There are plenty of lines that raise a smile, and Darling's guitar propels the words with some urgency. In fact, they're usually in a hurry to move their songs long, as if they've so much to say and the tape's threatening to run out. The effect isn't unlike The Wedding Present in their prime, and they share the same ear for sweet melodic rushes, though they're nowhere near as frantic.They get things moving with "Disney Kind", which explores lost love and comes in three distinct parts. It's a strong opener, and they follow it with "Skinny Jeans", the sort of indie-pop song that bands build careers on, and spend their summers playing on UK festival stages. Needless to say it's had a few plays over the last week. Other highlights include "A Lake" where a languid vocal tells its tale over a firm (but gentle) guitar riff, and final track "News", which slows the pace, and ups the melancholy, to fine effect.
There is so much promise in this album and a real originality in the vocals. The arrangements and the lyrics are both wonderful. I also really liked the overall flow of the songs and the easy-going feel. It shows a great deal of promise, and I can't wait to see what Jonathan has next in store.....
I have followed Jonathan's poetry for a three years now. This work is the culmination of his writing. Many of the songs are quite touching but that is how his poetry is. One song, although a ballad, has Jimmy Page style chords throughout (or maybe Randy California of Spirit as it is hard to tell their ballad chords apart). Most of the music style is like Al Stewart or one of the other storyteller musicians. I believe most people that enjoy ballads and songs that make sense will find several tunes they like. Just don't expect crazy riffs that drown out the singing. That is not his target audience.
Very haunting tunes that just stay with you! I highly recommend this CD for anyone that likes to listen to folk-style music.
Wolverton - Horse Head Dawn (Woodpile Records)The six-track "Horse Head Dawn" EP is Wolverton's third release. The multi-generational San Antonio quartet (plus friends) have already released a pair of full length albums since they formed in 2010/11, and they show no signs of slowing down. The core players, Caralyn Snyder, Hills Snyder, Kate Terrell and Jeremiah Teutsch came together through a series of performances, including a gig in a huge penthouse bathroom suite (that's Texas for you...).With a list of influences that includes country, folk and jazz, together with the classic late `60s San Francisco groups (Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, etc.) and songwriters like Donovan and Richard Thompson, the results were always going to hark back to earlier times, and they don't disappoint - though, importantly, "Horse Head Dawn" never sounds like an exercise in nostalgia.Acoustic instruments dominate, and lyrically, a loose, hippy surrealism is present, which encourages the listener to pay attention, and inevitably draws them into a world of natural sculpture, where pop stars are replaced with newer models, and the planet warps and distorts. Standout songs come thick and fast, especially "No Big Deal" and the elegiac "Fresh Mint", and the combination of boy/girl vocals, gentle melodies and heartfelt sentiments are impossible to ignore.
I heard a track from this Austin-based singer songwriter on a Big Bend Records sampler in Texas Music Magazine. I liked all the tracks on the sampler but Engel's stood out. It was his voice (rough hewn - think a more melodious Dylan) and the rhythm. I looked for his CD but it hadn't been released yet. Now it's out. I can't be sure, but I think the song I heard was  "Champagne" but another I like almost as much is the lead-off track "Avalon", the first of 12 songs on this 47-minute CD.The Cd comes in a digipak with the song titles printed on the back and the list of musicians on one inside panel (in nearly impossible-to-read type face. The other inside panel shows nothing but a photo of a train. I sure wish record companies would use graphic designers who think of the purchaser and provide info about a new artist (I had to depend on a press release), in typeface size and color that can be read. Fancy outsides are fine, but the inside should contain info. Also, the designer should have probably used spell-check (Jesse Ebaugh is listed as playing "peddle steel" (peddle???)I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
Vultan and the Hawkmen - Es Que Asi Es (Down Stares Studio)On one of Vultan and the Hawkmen's webpages, it helpfully explains: "Vultan and the Hawkmen is Liam Flanagan and Liam Flanagan is Vultan and the Hawkmen". Flanagan operates the Down Stares Recording Studio in Portland, Oregon, so other musicians are often enlisted for his own projects. For "Es Que Asi Es" he was intent on recording some country music, so he approached David Rives Curtright to play guitar, together with honoury Hawkmen, Elise Helms, Kelly Bauman and Matt Rhunland.I should mention that Flanagan's raw take on country music will probably get the execs on Nashville's music row running to the hills in fear and loathing. There's absolutely nothing here to suggest future duets with Kacey Musgraves or Taylor Swift, and The Grand Ol' Opry will not be issuing an invite to perform anytime soon. Instead "Es Que Asi Es" is the sort of alt. county record that might have been released on Bloodshot Records or East Side Digital back in the genre's heyday, and there's plenty here to be enjoyed, for those who like their Americana played with rough edges and a knowing smile.Flanagan and his group take inspiration from some of the greats, including Willie Nelson, Merle Haggard and the Louvins, and then add their own twist. Opening cut "I Don't Like You" provides a perfect launch, it's lurching rhythm falling somewhere between art-school Terry Allen and the Stones circa "Beggars Banquet". "Meals" is equally off-kilter, with Curtright's stuttering guitar taking a less conventional route, and the excellent "Whiskey and Women" surely deserves to be a hit - I'm just not sure where...
I liked the lively tunes, though they tended to get slightly repetitive. I highly recommend this album. It was excellent.
Less is More is the newest offering from 20-year old singer/songwriter Christina Falub. The inspiration for the album was Christina's life-changing Mission Trip to Kenya, Africa in 2011. Christina shared, "I went with the intention of, `How can I make the lives of these people better? What can I do to change them?' Yet it was quite the contrary. They didn't need any changing! I was the one who had it all wrong," confesses Christina. "What I thought would change them, truly changed me. Although physically they had less, spiritually they had more."The album includes standout recordings like the radio friendly and accessible "Africa" and "Another World" and the biblical and catchy songs, "The Other Side," "Second Chance" and "All the Days."From my first listen, I was totally worshipping along with Christina during this album. The opening track "Africa" has an upbeat and worshipful flow and is such a fresh song. I'm really engaged by Christina's emotional and sweet vocals and her prayerful lyrics throughout the album, which have been seasoned by her time studying God's Word and songwriting, found in the chorus, "lead me in Africa, I want to show the world Your love, want to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ." Amen to that!The next songs "Another World" and "The Other Side" continue with a worshipful and folk pop-infused musical style.  These are both super-catchy songs loaded with biblical truth as Christina sings, "I was made for another world, to see You face to face, yeah this heart it yearns for a hiding place, to be found in Your warm embrace" in "Another World."  The song achingly brings to life the yearning expressed by Saint Augustine, "You have made us for Yourself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it rests in You."The folk-infused musical feel is just one of the many attractions to savor about this upbeat and sincere vertically focused worship album. The standout song "The Other Side" causes me to sing along loudly with these lyrics directly to Jesus: "You are the Way the Truth the Life...please come soon...Jesus today, You keep on loving and Your love is kind...I can see the other side.""Grace Amazing" has an emotive and poetic description of a beautiful picture of what Jesus did for us; "From the tree You hung became a curse for us for grace." I'm really drawn to Christina's sincerity and biblically mature songwriting."Nothing I Can Do" keeps the worshipful flow going with the Jesus-focused prayer: "There's nothing I can do, but You make all things new, One thing that is true, I love You." Amen.Christina's stand-out cover of the Rend Collective song "Second Chance" is next and I can't get enough of this song.  Christina's tender vocals take you on an emotional journey that gives me goose bumps every time I hear this song.  I am especially comforted by the truth of the lyrics of the song: "Oh Your Cross it changes everything, there my world begins again with You, Oh Your Cross it's where my hope re-starts, a second chance is Heaven's Heart." The song is the story of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Our sinless Savior's "blood offers the chance to rewind to innocence, reborn, perfect as a child." As the song so poetically portrays, "a second chance is Heaven's Heart." Amen to that!"Cross of Jesus," "All the Days" and a beautifully a cappella "Auld Lang Syne" melody modern hymn "All Glory Be to Christ" close out this excellent album with more personal prayers directly to God.Closing Thoughts (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)Christina has decided to donate all the funds garnered from "Less is More" to give back to the very people who changed her life. The funds raised will help build a school for orphaned children in Kenya, Africa along-side Tumaini International Ministries. "I don't want to limit God," explains Christina. "I want to be completely selfless with the gifts God has given me. I've been learning that the less we have, the more we realize our true dependency on Jesus. LESS IS TRULY MORE."Less is More is a completely worshipful album, loaded with biblical truth and sincere and soothing vocals from Christina Falub. My favorite songs are "Africa," "Another World," "The Other Side," "All the Days" and a great cover of Rend Collective's "Second Chance." If you like the CCM pop singers Britt Nicole and Jessa Anderson, you need to check out Christina Falub. This is truly soul nourishing worship.
If a bunch of your closest friends were to get together, write, and record an album, THEN surprise you for your birthday with the finished product- one's reaction to this event is very similar to that of &#34;The Ordinary Things&#34;.  An endearing work produced by sincere human beings.
The Outback Gypsies &#8211; Beautiful Soul (Independent)The Outback Gypsies call Denmark, Western Australia home, and are essentially the husband and wife duo, Andrea and Del Fisher. They&#8217;ve been performing together since the beginning of 2011, releasing their debut long player in 2012, together with a succession of singles. They play regularly in and around their home territory and earlier this year undertook a tour of the US west coast. Hopefully they&#8217;ll find their way to the UK sooner rather than later.They&#8217;re christened their sound as &#8220;foleggae&#8221;, which doesn&#8217;t exactly roll off the tongue, yet does perfectly encapsulate what they do. Raised on the music (and ideals) of the &#8216;60s and &#8216;70s, they bring a sense of independence and freedom to their songs, together with a social conscience. Song titles like &#8220;Fly Free&#8221; and &#8220;Brothers in Life&#8221; give the game away, and apart from the Australian accents and occasional island rhythm, they wouldn&#8217;t sounded out of place amongst the Greenwich Village radicals during the folk boom, or the San Francisco hippies a decade later.Both Andrea and Del sing and play guitar. Dual vocalists can often spoil the flow of an album, but not so here. There&#8217;s a chemistry to what they do and on tracks like &#8220;Sacred Woman&#8221; and the title track, though each take separate leads, the presence of the other can always be felt. Other highlights include &#8220;Another World&#8221; and their exquisite duet on the final track, &#8220;Holding Hands With an Angel&#8221;.
Andrew Michelin &#8211; S/T EP (Independent)Andrew Michelin is a Canadian singer-songwriter who takes his inspiration from artists like Noel Gallagher and Tom Petty. His debut four-track EP is certainly steeped in the same melodic tradition which, of course, can be traced directly back to The Beatles, and helps make his songs accessible and radio friendly.Recorded quite simply for maximum impact, the sparseness of the production and uncluttered arrangements force the listener to pay attention to the songs, and Michelin doesn&#8217;t disappoint. He understands both the importance of structure and the desirability of pop hooks, and repeatedly he delivers both.Opening number &#8220;All My Life&#8221; sets the scene and declares his musical intentions from the off. Shimmering guitars add detail, but it&#8217;s Michelin and his song that take centre-stage, and the nature of his approach (and the aural pleasure that results) will remind some listeners of Elliott Smith circa &#8220;Figure 8&#8221;.&#8220;Bellamy Trees&#8221; strips his sound back further to just vocals and heavily strummed acoustic guitar, and the performance is confident and defiant, while &#8220;Alright&#8221; is considerably lighter. The EP closes with &#8220;Everybody Wants to Be a Star&#8221;, and perhaps that&#8217;s the case with Michelin, though ultimately I suspect it&#8217;s his music and the desire to express himself, that takes priority.
I am a big fan of Circa Paleo and have all their recordings.  This one is an album of live recordings, so you lose some of the clarity you get with their studio produced work.  My thanks to YouTube for bringing their videos to a wider audience.  Otherwise I might not ever have even become aware of Circa Paleo.  This recording has many of the best tunes from their earlier works.  Give it a listen and you too will become a fan!  Jenny O'Connor is awesome.
This is not a polished studio performance. There is no auto-tuning, or &#34;fix-it-in-the-mix&#34; recording here. It's just music. One voice, one guitar.
The latest offering from Dulahan is 88 Years, and sees the addition of a fiddle player and the departure of the keyboardist from Little Bits of Truth.  I am trying to put my finger on this one.  You can certainly tell that there is a progression in writing styles since the debut CD as the songs become &#34;deeper&#34;, but at the same time I am not quite getting that &#34;devil be damned&#34; feeling I get from the earlier offerings.  That said, the more I listen the more I like (not love) this CD.  Sons of the Irish Heroes starts the CD on a good note, and I enjoy the message and music of Come Back, Molly Mack.  Her Money's in the Ground is old school Dulahan, an upbeat song with catchy lyrics.  Evergreen is a slow tempo Civil War song, and one of Dulahan's best for that bloody conflict.  I am hopeful that the band lineup will now stabilize and we will see more of the old school tunes in future efforts.  Still a worthy CD, just not my fave.
Album is put together very well in typical Raghu Dixit style. Some songs have been from what we used to hear at his concerts, glad  to find them on the album. &#34;Parasiva&#34; is my personal favourite.
A beautiful first release from North & West. The sometimes dark and often delicate compositions reveal a sturdier framework with the second and third listens, and strong musicality throughout. It&#8217;s at times touching on Bon Iver, and others Sun Kil Moon (both high praise), but manages to find it&#8217;s own voice. These are cousins, not thieves. As good a companion as any, on the late and lonely sleepless nights&#8230;
This is a great debut album by two individuals who are clearly passionate about their art and the content of their music.  Songs that stand out for me are: when all of us were fine, always a time and when the city breathes.  One is left quite content after listening to this album through.  Even though it is by no means a "rock out" album, North and  West lure you in and get you committed to the lyrics and instrumentals.  Anyone who is a fan of indie must check this out!
Dateline Magnolia, just north of Houston comes Jamestown Revival's freshman release.  Not your average cup of joe, these guys give a more acoustic slant to their material that ranges from some mellow America styled material to folk to country and bluegrass to some great little rockers that shine with creative form.I must admit I added the rockers right out of the box, being a radio guy. Specifically Revival and Home and even Fur Coat Blues is a nice choice for Americana/Roots radio.You get nice harmonies, original material, interesting instrumentation and a unique style that is not a carbon copy of everybody else.  Even so, they found themselves in mid-field, very accessible and 'easy on the ears'.Certainly one of the more promising releases of the year and I have hopes of a more refined second release.  I give this 4 of 5 stars not for this lacking anything but because I believe these guys are still crafting their style and refining their sound. In fact I hate not giving this 5 stars because of the talent I hear.  Let me add Home rates as one of the best songs I have ever heard.
This album is pretty spectacular in my opinion. I first heard JR at the 2014 Epic Rides Whiskey Off Road. They were one of the live bands there and what stood out to me was their ability to actually sing in a live setting.From there I purchased the album and pressed play. The harmonies, lyrics, and acoustics all make for an excellent album. I was pretty much instantly a fan and this album doesn't disappoint.This is my daily commuter music and puts me in a great mood for the day!
many great songs by a great JN, some themes repeated but otherwise a great album that is well worth the time
The vocal  style is close kin to Jeff Buckley's without being explicitly derivative of such; the writing is more narrative, and combined with the rich slide guitar makes for highly evocotive imagery  Recommended
A charming, upbeat debut from this all-girl country/blue-grass group. Clever and catchy song-writing and impressive vocals, especially in the harmonies.  The ladies confidently display their versatility, from the sultry country of "Honky Tonkin", to the unexpected spiritual encounter of the Gospel-inspired "Walk Your Journey", to my personal favorite, the foot-stomping banjo blue grassy "Train of Sorrow". Something for everyone, with cross-over appeal.
Great new album by Susan Cattaneo, full of country ballads, rocking rhythms, and soulful singing. Her vocal talent is on full display here and it's clear that she can produce extremely special music thanks to that talent. Her ear for melody also shines whether the tune is a soulful ballad or a rocking stop. Recommended!
Fun music, great for St. Patricks' day and beyond. There are a lot of familiar tunes to any fan of Irish folk music here.. satisfying to tradiontalists without being stale. A couple of fun surprises too!
A nice cd with catchy tunes, really enjoyable to listen to! A  sweet new singing sensation on the market finally!
This album is insiring and well composed.... fresh melodies that make you  want to learn the songs.Music that touches the heart!
This is a very good Truckstop Honeymoon CD, It has a 4-or-5 Really Good songs, and the rest are ok songs, none are bad, you'll like all of them,.....but overall as a full album it don't have as much &#34;heart&#34; or emotion of some of they're otherworks, this one is more like HALF really good songs that have that Truckstop Confessional real emotion behind them feeling, and half songs that just seem like throw away songs left over from the studio floor, (songs that still have the Truckstop Honeymoon sound, and humor, but still somehow are missing the deeper emotion, that they're better songs always have.)I say, if you're a fan, it's still a must have, just to complete you're collection, and to get the good tracks,.....but if you're new to the band, I'd Recommend the Truckstop Honeymoon album before it, &#34;Steamboat in a Cornfield&#34; or from a few years back,......&#34;Diamonds in the Asphalt&#34; ,......Because they are nearly perfect albums, where this one is absoultly Great at some points, but just &#34;ok&#34; at others.