This song is so well put together, it starts off slow like the sea and then picks up the pace as the lyrics go from promising enduring love to love that endures amidst unrequited romance.
There is so little ink on this classic blues genre yet Cephas & Wiggins bring it fully to life in this most excellent set.  If you want to know American Blues you can't pass this one up.
Listen to a few samples.... it is a great album, worth the price.  Support the Arts.Very unique, musical voice.
I was listening to Dublin Radio (Tune In Radio) and heard Sean Keane.  I wrote down the titles and downloaded the MP3 as the CD was not available. Sean has a great voice and tells/sings great stories. I was surprised that some of the songs made me think of Nashville sounds. I am not a musician but this is good music'
I've loved Sean's unique voice for years, but I didn't have any of his Cd's.  Sean comes from a very special and wonderful unique traditional singing family from Galway.  We had the opportunity to see him perform in Sept. 2012 and it was a great show.  If you are a fan of Sean's, this CD is a must.
A long while back I bought all of the Hound's album via Amazon digital download, and while their early stuff is iffy, this album is completely out of the park. By &#34;Year of the Dog&#34; this band had it nailed. I really hope these guys start touring outside of California and get some more visibility.
If you love Irish flute, then you will enjoy listening to Skip Healy! Visit his web site to learn more about this talented Grammy-nominated musician at [...]
I play irish flute and enjoyed this CD.  There is a mix for musical styles. I especially liked the camels hump.
If you love traditional Irish music, you will love this CD. Tommy is the master of the Uilleann pipes. Great music!
Terrific songwriting, beautiful singing, great arrangement and instrumentation.  I can't believe it's been 9 years since this was recorded.  If you live in Southern California, find one of their shows and go.
This is my most favorite CD and I have downloaded it to my Kindle as well.  Nice gentle reading music
I've developed a love for old time banjo in the last few years, and Bob Carlin really is one of the best clawhammer players.  I have and enjoy his Fiddle Tunes for Clawhammer Banjo and Banging and Sawing, and tried this too - highly recommended.  Rockingham Cindy and Durang's Hornpipe are especially recommended - tasteful, melodic, totally enjoyable.
Initially I heard this group playing at an Irish festival in Indianapolis many years ago.  They are great.  I love this album.
Amazing!  Can't stop listening to it!  How is she not more well known? Excellent groove for the mood you're in.
No disappointments here...Jason Eady has got a way with words.  I love his story telling ability.  And he does it with such a smooth voice.  I could just listen to him sing all day (and I do most days).
Jason writes the best tunes and sings them with a belief in the work...a really good selection on this disc proves it too
I absolutely love this album!  Each song is a gem.  The musical arrangements are in a modern bluegrass style.  Great energy in each track.  The tracks don't have that Tennessee "high lonesome" sound of traditional bluegrass, but they are crisp and clear.  Did I mention some really nice banjo picking?  Audio quality is superb.  These songs are so straight-up that it's easy to learn both the music and lyrics.  I'll be adapting them to a more classic bluegrass sound for my playing.  Nice work!
creatively awesomely sonically pleasing. it's nice. one of the best albums i bought this year. witty, humorous, fun--I recommend it!
This is a wonderful album that ranges from sentimental tunes that leave me awestruck with their beauty to feet-kicking reels that make me want to grab a girl and dance. Put a pint under your belt and discover this brilliant music. The whistle playing is incredibly skillful. Seriously, somebody sold their soul to the devil to play this well.Enough, I guess. I simply love it.
Kelly Dalton has a very unique voice. He can tell a story and make you feel exactly what he is singing. I have everything I can find of his. I wish there was more. Give this guy a listen and see if you don't agree. He has some great videos on youtube as well. I'm a fan.
This album is by a person I attended school with, but regardless, I would still rate it highly as it has just variety, creativity and beautiful arrangements with a unique blend of instruments and vocals.
This is definitely Happy Music! Listening to these songs always makes my smile a little bigger, and the day a little brighter. Although An Dochas is not a huge well-known band, this CD is truly one of my favorites in my music collection. I like their other album &#34;Rise&#34; also, but this one is still my fave. It's great driving music.
from an old-timey band.  Great vocals, amazing instrument work, excellent choice of songs.  Lots of toe-tapping throughout this wonderful album.
This is authentic Western Swing with a southern twist.  Evocative lyrics with crisp clean musicianship and smooth twangy vocals make for a perfect storm of front porch pickin' and swingin'.  Excellent album from start to finish!
Wonderful group to celebrate ST. Pat's Day or any time, whether you be Irish in heritage or in a mischievous, fun heart.
Irish music at its best played by a very talented group.  Great variety of instruments played with such clarity and good voices. If you like Irish music, this is the album for you.
Early Greensky... and I love it.  The band is excellent - if you havent seen them at a festival, you are missing the unique styling they bring.
Calling on LoveStrawberry Music Festival near Yosemite National Park some years ago...a couple took the stage.  Two people I'd not heard of.  The music was restrained and the crowd of 3000 hushed to hear.It's hard to describe the effect the lyrics and thier perfect harmony had on me as they sang Calling On Love, Last Tango in Paradise, and Chasing the Storm.I talked to a friend of mine at a party later.  She knows Paul and Eleanore well and told me that if I wanted a CD to play when I brought my date home for the first time, I HAD to own Calling on Love.I ordered the CD and she was so right.  I don't know if it had anything to do with putting my date in a romantic mood but those songs certainly warmed me and love was the word for those moments.I've bought several CDs since by Paul and Eleanore, I've loved every one and whenever they are playing nearby I always attend.  They're super people as well as incredible musicians.  When their songs come on my mp3 player as I'm walking for exercise I never fail to make a fool of myself by singing along as I walk.  I've learned to ignore the looks of those walking by...it's magic I tell you!Buy the CDs, see them live.  A wonderful experience.
Curtis Eller is probably the best American songwriter of this century and absolutely the greatest showman of all time. I would give this album 2,000 stars if Amazon would let me. The fact that this album is not widely recognized as one of the greatest albums of all times is a travesty. If you are reading this review and wondering whether to buy this album, stop wondering and do it already. I guarantee that once you listen to this album you will be an American Circus fanatic. Listen to &#34;Hide that Scar&#34; or &#34;Stephen Foster&#34; and I guarantee you will want to hear more. Also, if you get a chance to see this band live, do not miss it.
What an absolutely fabulous collection.  If you love fingerstyle guitar you'll enjoy this record.  Having only heard of Franco Morone via the Soave guitar festival and never heard him play I was hesitant to purchase this collection. What a surprise! He is a true master musician. Many of the tunes including Vola Vola and Adeste Fideles are heart-wrenching performances.
What a delight and surprise to find this album!  I am charmed into listening to it over and over.  And it's summertime where I live.
Of spoken word verse, enchanting (sometimes melancholy) music, and traditional vocals. Love this and wish they group had additional albums.
We bought this music for my daughter to practice her Highland Dance to.  It's perfect and exactly what we wanted.  Wonderful pipe music!
Here is a collection of beautiful songs that all bode well together. The sound is  very melodically similar  in representation of older folk music from the early sixties and seventies with a 21st century perspective. Acoustic Guitar is a prominent character in Bailey's music as well as his voice. The combination which almost seems to calm you to sleep also brings with it a sense of optimism. Almost like a daydream where you are still aware of your surroundings! This will be an artist that you should look out for! His music can be heard on Huw Stevens ( music that you have never heard before) radio broadcast on bbc's radio one! I would classify his music as Indie contemporary folk music. You can  also check out is home made music videos and animations with felt:[...]
Craig's songs echo his life and are full of the emotion you hope to find from any artist.  With that emotion his songs remain wonderfully funny.  When I listen to his songs it reminds me that whatever happens, not to take life too seriously.  Learn your lessons and move on because life is too short for anything else.The music is predominately him singing and playing guitar, which creates such a rich and comfortable environment.  Well deserved 5 stars.
In 2002 my daughter and I made the pilot's pilgrimage to Oshkosh, Wisconsin for EAA's AirVenture.  For our first stop we took in the Amelia Earhart Festival in her girlhood town of Atchison, Kansas.  The Festival included an evening air show, the performers performing above and swooping down to skim surface of the Missouri River.  In one especially memorable performance, Julie Clark, an extremely talented aviatrix, set her performance to Susan Graham White's song The Sound of Wings ("Amelia was a women who was not afraid to fly.")After the concert I tried to find the music we had heard, but not knowing the musician's name, couldn't.  By accident I purchased this CD along with some other pilot music at AirVenture, but didn't recognize it as what we had heard until, on the way back, lifting off from St. Joe, Missouri early one morning, I put it in my CD player and heard the first stains of "Heart of the Sky."  A smile as big as the Kansas sky spread over my face.Susan Graham White is an extremely talented songwriter and performer whose obscurity is a mystery.  Anyone who looks up (with pleasure, that is) when a plane passes overhead will enjoy this collection, but pilots will absolutely love it.  Buy it for the pilot in your life, and earn her undying gratitude.
Sheila Maguire plays a fine selection of traditional Irish tunes. The musician's skill in this genre is evident with her skillful interpretation and excellent accompaniment of guitar, bouzouki, and accordion (concertina?). It's a very enjoyable album whether you are a traditional music fan or just want some Irish music to soothe your soul.
I heard Drew play at the Winter Beer Festival '08 in Grand Rapids.  His music was really refreshing.  A nice change from the stuff on the radio.  The music is soothing and the lyrics stimulate your imagination.  His songs tell stories that I could relate to.  They remind me of simpler times in my life.I also like the way that he arranges the lyrics and the way he arranges his music.  Both seem very well thought-out.  The lyrics flow nicely and seem thoughtful without being complicated.  The guitar music is smooth and fairly detailed without being overdone.  He makes it all seem easy.Overall, this is really good music.
David Kincaid has a strong voice that evokes images of the Irishmen who fought during the American Civil War.  All in all, a superior work!
All around, I can't say enough good things about this album. The recording quality is superb and everything about the performances of the songs themselves is better than expected. I found it after learning about the Fighting 69th and when listened to in the context of the Civil War, the songs themselves are positively haunting.If you are an Irish American, a Civil War enthusiast or even someone who just enjoys good music, buy it. It really is a hidden historical gem.
If you are a fan of military history and quality Irish music, this is a true gem.  It is astounding how well this is put together.
(Notice to Amazon: you're embarrassing the rest of us Seattle folk. Keep the different 'Allies' bands straight, will ya? This download is not material from the later Christian music project, or the Detroit-base group, or any others who have or will decide that 'Allies' is a great name for a band...)This particular MP3 album download is from one of Seattle's quintessential bands from the New Wave era of the late 1970s and early 1980s...exactly the time I was puking it up, er, I mean...broadening my intellectual horizons at the University of Washington. The Allies were one of several local bands (The Heats, Hi-Fi, Fastbacks, etc.) that made college life so incredible. The music was tight, the bands loud and the party was oh so on!I have fond memories of this album, though in truth much of the music was forgotten during the intervening years from the last time I spun the vinyl version to the time I discovered the digital download, first on iTunes and then here on Amazon. David Kincaid's work here and with his subsequent band The Brandos showcase just how great he and his bandmates were at making pop music; for any UDub kid from the era 'The Allies' is a must have return to those hedonistic days of college (or in more polite company, 'a ride down memory lane'...which would be true if I could only remember which off-ramp I was supposed to take). That said, I never did forget 'Emma Peel', which was great enough that it even made a showing on an early MTV. Not bad for a band that was just getting by on the local club and college circuit. Shame that it didn't go any further; it was a sad day when The Allies called it quits.You probably had to be there to fully appreciate the folly, fun and frivolity of the age. I was, and I still do. The Allies were a part of that scene, and it's great that Amazon--despite the poorly aimed links on their website--has come to recognize the contributions of this seminal Seattle band to their hometown's music history.
I really like this album.  It is a much more unrefined and raw sound than their more recent albums and love to be able to follow the from their beginnings.  This album is an absolute must have for true Greensky fans.
This is a great album with some of the best fiddling you can find.  The tunes range from sweet and melodic to intense and hypnotic.  There are tracks where it is difficult to believe only one violin is playing.  It proves the artist , David Smith, to be a master of his craft.  You will not be disappointed to have this music in your library.
As a life-long fan of this genre, having imbibed it with my mother's milk I do believe, I am absolutely delighted with this album. I have no hesitation in recommending it to all and sundry who have the discernment, good taste in music and good fortune to have been born Irish.
Over the years I have gravitated more and more towards music that forgoes heavy production in favor of a sound that lets the songs shine on their own.  I discovered Colin Hay's solo work through his performances on the TV series Scrubs, a favorite of mine in the early 2000s.  Since that time I've collected a number of his recordings, working back through his catalog.  This is one of my favorites, capturing a great, lively set of songs in their bare acoustic essence.Colin Hay is blessed with the ability to craft witty, insightful lyrics that are very often also charmingly warmhearted.  His humor and spirit come through very clearly in this set of songs, with just an acoustic guitar and Colin Hay's voice to paint the picture.  The songs crackle with energy and life, more so than on some of Colin Hay's later albums where expanded instrumentation and production sometimes dampen the spirit of the performances.  This is probably the closest you'll get to a live Colin Hay performance on disc/mp3, which is why it's quickly become a favorite.If you enjoy Colin Hay's music at all, I'd recommend starting here.  Other albums which I recommend are Topanga, Going Somewhere, and Man At Work.
I had a cassette of this many years ago.  This digital version replaces the unique enjoyable music and now I can hear it all without worrying that it will wear out.
After the success of Bon Iver's "For Emma, Forever Ago", it seems more or less inevitable that this album is forever going to be evaluated in comparison to Justin Vernon's later project. With that in mind, there are some notable differences - the most obvious being Vernon's vocal approach. Having not yet perfected his trademark falsetto, Vernon sings in a powerful, slightly raspy baritone, sounding almost like a different singer altogether. This approach suits him well, and I found myself wishing he would have represented this side of his voice a little more in his subsequent projects.The instrumentation, while not as experimental as "For, Emma..." is lush and varied throughout. In addition to the usual folk rock staples, occasional unconventional touches such as a brass section or set of vibraphones add a level of depth and warmth to the music without distracting from the intimacy of the album. The best songs are as catchy as they are emotive - upbeat tracks like "Heroin(e)" and "Dead Anchor" waste no time grabbing the listener's attention and holding it throughout. By contrast, some moments are static and repetitive - "Ragstock" gets off to a promising start with an interesting instrumental counterpoint, but fails to build any tension or energy before the finish.In retrospect, it's not surprising that this album failed to make the same waves as Bon Iver would eventually do - but it would still be a shame to overlook it.
Stunning piece of work oft-overlooked by those seeing DeYarmond Edison as the unimportant intermediary between early Vernon and Bon Iver.Beautiful harmonies, simple but elegant instrumentation and- as apparent in all Vernon's work- undeniable depth of emotion and genuine feeling.A must-listen for any Bon Iver/Megafaun fans, even if solely to understand their respective musical journeys.
Step right up, ladies and gentlemen, get 'em while they're hot!Circus Contraption is an amazing Seattle-based performing troupe who also happen to be great musician in the circus/klezmer style.  Dark, funny, charming and satirical, they have a Brechtian/Tom Waits-ish style that is uniquely theirs and not to be missed.Unfortunately, after 10 years of performing in Seattle and across the country, including to rave reviews in New York, they are calling it quits as a troupe and going separate ways.  In a few years, who knows if you will be able to find and buy this music still?Get 'em while they're hot!
Excellent album, top notch musicianship, with humor shining through on most songs. The lyrics are about real life without being depressing.
Jalan does it again. Another great album. If you loved this album be sure to check out all his others.
Keith Christmas was such an inspiration in the late 60s, with his etherial voice and dazzling guitar. It's so good to hear these songs again.
I've been a big fan of Shooglenifty for years, discovering them as an intern at Compass Records.  Since then, I've always kept an eye on new music and Troots is definitely one of their best.  Lots of great celtic melodies, insanely catchy hooks and amazing mixing and recording quality.
Every track will make you smile from sheer joy.  Wonderful selections perfectly played, sung and presented.  To say that I own this recording is an understatement as I think I might have already purchased 20 copies to give as gifts.  My number one desert island recording.
Exciting and cheerful music. Easy listening no matter what you are doing be it studing, reading or just talking with others. Try it you will like it
These airs and laments are beautifully done, with wonderful insertion of grace notes bv the fiddle and perfect punctuation by the harp.  To be listened to intently, for peace and contentment: do not relegate to background!
A gorgeous CD, plain and simple. I mainly bought it to hear his take on Mary Ellen Carter. I wasn't disappointed; it is thoughtful, strong and direct. But Sammy's Bar is also beautiful, as is The Bergen and so many others. The more I hear The Shoals of Herring, the more I think what a universal song that is. Liam's version is wonderful.
If you ever enjoyed the Clancy Brothers, then this collection is worth your time and $. Beautiful collection of songs--some familiar, but most new (at least to me). Obviously nautical theme with some nice clean bawdy tunes as well.
I bought this CD years ago from a Judaica store on Broadway and 72nd street. It looked cute and I heard a few samples. My son and I loved the songs. They were fun and made each holiday come to life. It's not easy to find a song about Passover, Chanukah, Purim etcetera that is fun and for kids. You find yourself tapping your toes to them.Each morning I wake up sometimes I find myself singing "Modeh Ani lefaneha..." Highly recommended.
I find The Bad Things original release to actually be their best, though I enjoy the other two (at the time of writing) to be enjoyable as well.  Great pace to the music, with some eastern european  influences and a quirky punk-cabaret sound that really moves it along.  Saw them open for Firewater and the two bands compliment each other well.  Recommended.
Nick Drake's catalog of approximately three album's worth of material continues to carry a rabid following of listeners and, unfortunately, musicians who think they can recapture Drake's unique, nylon-strung sound and yearning vocal.  Note that it was also Joe Boyd's production skills that gave Drake his trademark autumnal quality.  So when a cover set comes along that gets it right, it's worth a second spin.  Keith James is among the best I've heard of artists who manage to capture even a smidgen of Drake's English charm.  "Fruit Tree," "At the Chime of a City Clock," "Northern Sky," and, of course, Drake's signature "River Man" are the highlights of this studio-based stroll in the leaves.
If you love string bands then you will love this album. No frills. No gimmicks. This is just good bluegrass. I have several Foghorn Stringband albums and find that I can put them on repeat and listen to them without end. Great music!
Just ordered my 3rd CD - and before that, I was using a cassette tape of this wonderful music.  I am collecting all of Tony Elman's music now - it is that good.  Relaxing, restful, fun and some are poignant. Celtic/Appalachian and soul-deep satisfying. GO. LISTEN. BUY.
I had an audio cassette of this music from a while ago and so finally replaced it with the cd. I love the Celtic, Appalachian sound to the tunes, especially the hammered dulcimer.
I have been obsessed with music my entire life.  Although I was an 80s child, I grew up with the Beatles and my love of music has blown to all four corners of the musical map.I get excited about everything from Burial to Nick Drake to Hendrix, new outtakes from Elliott Smith, and of course the latest Radiohead, Modest Mouse, Decemberists, or whatever Jack White's most recent venture happens to be.I'm not exaggerating when I say that Brady Earnhart is arguably one of the top five lyricists I've ever encountered, and certainly one of the best songsmiths I've come across.The songwriting is very classic in structure, with nods to the old Blues and folk troubadours through nuanced and inventive progression. His lyrics are rewarding for those who love to delve into multiple layers of meaning and emotion.  In terms of precise songwriting, "After You" is probably the closest album to "Pink Moon" I've come across; nothing is indulgent or wasted. Unlike Nick Drake, however, there is no moping, and every shadow that Earhart shows is counterbalanced by light. A subtle humor winks at the listener throughout the whole album.I came across this album when I lived in Fredericksburg, Virginia and saw Earnhart perform live. That was four or five years ago, and I moved away shortly after, but rarely does a month go by without me picking "After You" out of my several hundred albums, and enthusiastically giving it another spin.
The song, We are One, is absolutely stunning in it's beauty.  Heard it at church and had to buy it.  I highly recommend it.
I love this music. The tapping of the feet to Rudolph or any of the other catchy tunes (which we all know from all of the Bing Crosby versions of years past) is such a refreshing change for the holiday season.I dont know the official rhythms of the songs, but i read that a few of them are played to a Tango beat, which is sooo cool. Anyway, i like how many of the songs start off a bit slow and then pause and then really pick up the beat.I wanted to give these out as christmas gifts, but, unfortunately the CD was not available, so i downloaded all the album from the Amazon digital music shop, which is actually very easy and quite cheap. I also made a few ringtones for the holiday season for my cell phone.Highly recommended.
I guess not many people are interested in a Christmas album patterned after the gypsy-jazz stylings of guitarist and composer Django Reinhardt... only because they have no idea how fun this music is.Each year at Christmas, I come back to this album as my favorite for the season. It's fun, creative... and practically no one knows about it. Take a chance, drop the $7 or whatever and download it. I promise you, you won't be sorry.
Taino past is well-represented here. Soulful, rhythmic expression of a deep, ancient culture that is still alive and well.
It is difficult to find the words to describe this album. Relaxing, magical, bittersweet, romantic, art -- words seem to fall short. As a previous reviewer stated it would do well in Middle-earth especially during the third age with the passing of the elves -- magical and heartbreaking. That is not to say that this music is sad, far from it. Lori Pappajohn is a true talent. She knows her genre, her instrument, and her art on such an intimate level that it feels organic and effortless. This is perfect music for anything at all -- reading, relaxing, walking the dog, sitting in traffic -- take a deep breath and let the stress of daily life disappear.
I so love the internet (and, of course, Amazon)! I can't believe I was able to find this after all these 40+ years! The music production was done in the 1960's when I was in high school. It intrigued me because my friend told me it was done by an Italian group who did not know any English -- it was sung phonetically, sounding out all the words. I borrowed the vinyl from her student and taped it. The songs were so moving and joyful; it quickly became an inspiring favorite. Needless to say, over the years I misplaced the tape and could not seem to find the music anywhere. Part of the problem was that they had it on vinyl but not CD, which is where I was looking for it. Also, its Italian name was unknown to me since I had seen a version done in English under the name "Mass for Peace".Even though I don't understand the Italian, the music is still as uplifting and joyful as it always was. Being Catholic now, it means even more to me. The Mass is so inspiring. You'll love it, I am sure! It touched my life so many years ago and I never forgot it. To me, it is priceless and I hope others will listen and be drawn to it as I was.P.S. I was in such a hurry to listen to this that I got all the way through the Italian and heard the English version start! So enjoy! You have it all in this one download -- WOW!
Lynn is a great singer songwriter. Her style is a beautiful mix of southern rock, blues, and New Orleans groove. Great music, great songs, and great musicians on this album.
I originally got this from iTunes because Azam Ali was one of the artists.  I was not disappointed, it has all the mystery that I look for in Sufi music.  It has the creativity of Mercan Dede's Nar,  Very haunting.
I love this cd. I listen to it every day in my car- it keeps me calm even when I'm stuck in the horrific traffic of Los Angeles. The tracks are short and sweet (but there are a lot of them, so you're still getting your money's worth!) and there is a beautiful array of sounds included. Don't miss out on this one!
After getting Yuval Ron's CD, "Under The Olive Tree," I knew I needed to hear more. This CD definitely didn't disappoint. The collaboration of these great artists have created one of my favorite Sufi CD's to date. I highly recommend this to anyone.
Can not find it in the cloud drive or on my computer. Have tried everything. Sure I will love it if i can find someone to tell me how to get it.. Please help if you can.
This is a wonderful CD.  We have six children and they love it!We take this in the Suburban when we go to town and listen to it while driving... the kids and I sing along.Great, great CD!!!!
I only wish I had found this album sooner.  The guitar is smooth and easy listening.  The Folk songs are as they should be - real.  To bad this is the only album I could find by Noah.
I really enjoy this album. It's fun to listen to, and songs other than of course the "sneaky Gollum" type are pretty. It also is very useful for background when I'm trying to write something creative!
I first bought the Nonesuch LP when I was a freshman in college in 1963.....it was way ahead of its time. If, in the late 1970's, David Grisman, Bela Fleck, and others made the leap to Acoustic Jazz with stringed folk instruments (called New Acoustic Music), well, this album by Pete Seeger and Frank Hamilton really was a parent to that style (as were Billy Faier, Bill Keith, Sandy Bull, and to some extent The Greenbriar Boys). The music on this nearly all instrumental album is a little more "folk" than jazz, but they took some traditional and some unexpected songs and played some of the most terrific music you'll hear. The rhythms and chords might not be as jazzy as the newer stuff, but songs like "Pygmy Tune", "Lady Gay", "Meadowlands", and "Blues" are as creative as anything today, and "Pretty Little Widder", "Ragtime Annie", "Living in the Country", aw hell, the whole album is terrific. The mandolin and banjo ring out beautifully, the harmonica and guitars are sweet, and the singing is just rough and raggedy enough to make you feel like you're all sitting in the room together.  My LP is warped and with scratches; I've been waiting for the chance to get this music again for a couple of decades. This is a classic. Just go buy it.
Peter LaFarge's "On The Warpath" is a truly incredible album.  A contemporary and friend of the likes of Johnny Cash and Bob Dylam, LaFarge influenced both of them and others.  Listen.  You'll be amazed.
i got this album in vinyl in the mid '60's when in my teens and as a would-be folkie, wore it out playing it over and over.  it contains great energized versions of many of  "pete's greatest hits," and all the standard campfire singalong fare, and is a good primer to introduce kids and adults to folk music, the five string banjo, and pete seeger --who truly is a "national treasure."  he is almost 90 and when he passes, we will have lost a dear legend and strong, courageous voice for the common man.  he is our link to woody guthrie and carl sandburg.this album came out on cd in the last three years or so, and is a live album, taken from various pete seeger concerts in the late 50's and early 60's, and every song is strong.  the opening version of "down by the riverside" with big bill broonzie chugging on steel 12-string guitar, recorded at the university of chicago, is the best version pete seeger ever did.  "i'm on my way" and "oh mary, don'tcha weep," are good, too.  there is not a bad song in the bunch.  my only complaint is that "wimoweh" is too short.the acoustics and sound recording on this are good, too, what you'd expect from vanguard -- the banjo frailing and fretting comes through loud and clear, as does pete seeger's pure troubadour voice.  pete has done dozens of albums, but if you want only one, or want to add  to your collection of major singers of the mid 20th century activist and folk movement, or are a seegerphile, you should definitely get this cd.
Of all my family's folksong albums, this is the easiest to play with, sing with, and has a great upbeat feeling.
The singing is beautiful and the songs are uplifting.  I really love this album.  If you like folk music, then this album will delight you.
I'm a big fan of the country and folk genres - I stumbled upon Horton Barker on the Smithsonian Folkways website and I'm glad I did. I love acappella music, especially when it's done in a true and honest fashion - this music is about as real as it gets. The songs are a joy to listen to.
I first heard this album years ago.I love it!Songs in their pure form passes from person to person.No fancy production.
I so enjoyed listening to this cut.  It cultivates bluegrass; and folksy style all its own. The voice ressonates such a range - pure delight. I enjoyed this cut so very much that I would like to hear Gwendolyn Fields other works. For instance the entire CD "Fewer Threads Than These". Is this available thru you also. Please advise and thanks for letting me critique this really cool song. pjp
I have owned and enjoyed this album for years. Take time to listen to his words. It may take a couple of times through to hear him growl out his lyrics. When you are done and you have heard his heart, ask yourself, "Did Mama put it all in the jar..." Enjoy!
Radio entertainment the way it was. If you are one of the few and the proud who turn to radio for entertainment and not for incessant commercials and news every 15 minutes, you will enjoy this. It was recorded in the 1950s. LIVE FIELD RECORDINGS FROM NEW YORK! :-)
An album I can't listen to without feeling moved. The songs are beautiful, with sparse arrangements that highlight the clearly audible lyrics and deftly-fingered guitar work. This is exemplified by the title track, but even the intro track, "Cross of Flowers" brings out the memories of driving into the places you know well on the way home. These songs and the vocal delivery give a powerful jolt of emotion, from wistfulness, loss, yearning, or even playfulness.
Wow, this bring back some memories, I was in the Infantry yrs ago. I start back at the gym i thought this would be neat to listen to.
I really like these -- they keep you moving at a steady pace and motivate you to continue. I made my own playlist with the ones I liked best.
I bought this to listen to when I started walking for lunch while at work.  I love it because it reminds me of my old infantry days and takes my mind off the walking.  Excellent quality and I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to start power walking for exercise.
Love this CD! It's great for running to, it keeps me motivated the whole time. It's good quality, with plenty of songs to last for a long run. The only issue I have with it is it makes me look like an idiot when I'm running because I can't help but sing along with the Marines. :) Great CD, definitely worth it.
Was recommended by a Marine for my running workouts, found it to be excellent, keeps workouts in time, breathing in rhythm, and keeps you focused on the goal of your activity.
My husband is a retired marine and still after several years from his separation date, he runs to this and the other marine running cd's. He says they help keep him motivated and very active, especially active for a man that's almost 59 years old. Keep up woth the fine collections of motivational music.
Artie Traum has worn more musical hats than most artists ever dare to.  I think among the greats, only Bob Dylan has released more styles of music (including a few inventions of his own).  Traum's album continues in the vein of beauty, with a most precise production.  If you don't know Artie Traum's music, and you are reading this review, you have stumbled upon treasure.  You will be hooked.  Give a listen to the samples here on Amazon.  If you love quality music; or are a Dylan, The Band, The Dead, Happy Traum, etc, you will love Artie's music.  Also give a listen to "Remarkable Friends" by Artie Traum here at Amazon.  Depth and beauty on one album.
I had this one as a child and was glad to find the CD. I like it better than his later collection, better song selection here and it's a plus that some of the candidates and songs are more obscure, also the arrangements are less produced and seem closer to the original. Standouts include &#34;Tyler and Tippecanoe,&#34; &#34;Clay and Frelinghuysen&#34; and &#34;Roosevelt The Cry&#34; but there are many other gems.
Nancy has an incredible voice . Her songwriting reveals her pathos and humor !  After seeing her perform in person many times this recording captures  only a glimpse of her talents
I saw Roxanne Potvin at the Bayfront Blues Festival in Duluth Mn in 2009 and immediately started buying her music.  She has one of those nuanced voices that you don't expect to hear from someone so young and dewey.  Go ahead and try it.
One of my two favorites from the entire collection, the other being Recon Marines. Audio levels may be a little lower but the SEAL calls are really strong and clear.
These cadences are born of and represent the finest fighting force in the world, the U.S. Navy SEALs. Plenty of motivation for jogging or running, or to bring back memories to those of us who served on a Team. I found them all uplifting, some even a little funny, but all of them are done well and work good for any activity. Worth it.
Exactly as expected.  I really like it.I listen to it on my workouts and runs.  It's very motivating.  I would buy again.
This is one of the most incredible singers I have managed to stumble across. It seems so unfair. She has incredible range and clarity. Just listen to dreamers If you get a chance.
Each of these songs is a treasure. I first heard &#34;Big Rock Candy Mountain&#34; on a children's music CD. But, Mac's original version is so much livelier! It is a smile a line, every time.
Great cadences, I listen to them when I'm working out or running it gives me the extra push I need!!! Love it
Loved, loved the run to cadence. This is the stuff I use to sing in battalion runs when I was the Army. There is NOTHING like a battalion or brigade run. This recording brought back some good memories.
For those of us that were in the Air Force, it is a fun trip down memory lane to listen to while jogging.
Get Some!!! Nothing like being remembered where you came from and where you are going. Parris Island Recruit Depot, nothing like it anywhere!!!
And then run some more.This album was recommended to me by a Corps-bounds friend as something good to listen to on a run and he certainly knew what he was talking about. The footsteps in the background set a good pace for you to match and the simple cadences let you take your mind off of how bad running sucks.Testosterone-filled, yes, but I highly recommend it.
I run to this daily!
This product is great and it reminds me of when I was in Airborne Trainning. Which was a very long time ago.
There are two theories of the origins, which likely overlap.1. First, it was the native's way of making fun of the Catholics during lent.2. It was a commemoration of the joy Muslims would have when the Spanish Catholics were not around.
I stumbled across a vinyl copy of this album (on the Folkways label) about 25 years ago and it became my absolute favorite album of Appalachian music.  The album was basically out of print for decades until digital distribution made it easily accessible again.  It is, without a doubt, a true gem and a must-have for anyone who claims to love real roots music.If you do not know who Bascom Lamar Lunsford was, you really need to search online for information.  He was a walking encyclopedia of authentic Appalachian music.  His repertoire was extensive--so much so that he was sought out by the Smithsonian to record much of it in order to preserve it for posterity.This album contains a beautiful collection of traditional ballads that cover a number of genres...from gospel, to murder ballads, to old world traditional.  For my taste, Lunsford's delivery is exceptional...just him and his banjo.  His ability to banter/sing/story-tell is exceptional.  Let me be clear--this is NOT a bluegrass album; his banjo playing is mostly slow and rudimentary (although very well executed).  There is no "high-lonesome" type of vocals either.  Heck, just listen to the samples to get a sense of his delivery.Please indulge me one more overly dramatic statement--this is a hauntingly beautiful record and one that truly deserves to be rediscovered.  Bascom Lamar Lunsford was a legend in his own time for a reason, and this record will give modern listeners some insight as to why.  But the album isn't really about him...its about Appalachia, and how the people (of all colors) wove their lives, fears, and heritage into song.  Bascom Lunsford does a superior job conveying the spirit of the people who cherished this music.
This is part of a series full of unique folk songs by various artists.  I enjoy finding unusual compilations like this particularly when the music is related to social justice or labor themes.
I had the pleasure of seeing Pete in the Eighties, and next to leading a crowd in singing along I felt that he really threw himself into songs for and about working folk.  As far as being ballads, no these are not what you expect from Child ballads for instance, but they certainly tell the story of American working class history, from the shoe factory to the mill, farm, mine and more.  And if you love Pete's banjo and voice, this is pure heaven on earth, where Pete felt heaven should be.  I have a lot of Pete's music and this is by far my favorite, and it tells the stories that we should never forget.  Thanks Pete!
If you only buy this for "March On"......it's enough.  WOW.I hope my book is good enough for those who SUFFER now and those who SUFFERED through the human curse of SLAVERY.
I agree with D. Moritz - this is the best. I originally got into latin music through Trios Los Panchos and the "Boleros" genre that they did so well, but for the past few years Huasteco has really grabbed me. Relentless, pounding, dissonant, and soaring, simultaneously dark and light, it's an amazing musical style. And as D. Moritz says, I don't think anyone does it better than Xoxocapa. I wish more was available from this incredible group. Amazon has Sones Huastecos 3 and IV, so where's 2? And is there a 1?
I b bought this album to have the songs in my I-pod. It is worth buying it over again as opposed to ripping it form my LP.  this album contains songs of men from various occupations. Lived it in the 60s love it now!
Sam Hinton is a gifted Folk artist and all of his albums are wonderful. This one is the best of him. He sings songs regionally, across America, and you can hear how they change as he sings across the land. He is also a premier harmonica player. This album is suitable for adults and children. It is a wonderful gift for anyone who loves folk music.
I had a Sam Hinton record when I was in my  teens back in the 50s, and never forgot his songs. His name came to mind recently, and I was delighted find his music was available. He is better than I  remembered, a master of the American folksong, absolutely authentic, and this collection is so far-reaching and so fresh, it is a delight. He is also brilliant guitar player and a genius on the harmonica. Highly reccomended.Mordicai gerstsein
Together with his Club 47 Inc record, this one makes a wonderful set of folk music. The music on this album is great! "The Way My Baby Walks" is a terrific 12 string guitar tune, as is "Buckdancer's Choice." It is just full of songs that will inspire you and delight you. I first got this set of songs way back in 1964 and played that vinyl record a lot. It is wonderful that the music is now available as a digital download and new generations can hear Mark Spoelstra's guitar, voice, and musical ideas.
Excellent representation of the mexican folk music, magnificently interpreted by the highly talented Amparo Ochoa. This is a classic recorder highly recommended.
Having my grandparents in this Mexican revolution I wondered about the songs that was part of theirs and mine history.
Woody has a song for all the tough times in life. I just lost my job and these songs have been comforting.
Pete is my all time favorite folk singer and this is his best album. I had the record bought in the 60's and no longer have a turntable (or the record).
I remember this album from the early 1960's and I still enjoy it today.  It was the source of a lot of songs done by the folksingers who frequented Washington Square at the time.  I remember this because I was one of them, playing a Stella 12-string guitar and just having a wonderful time with friends.  This CD brings back a lot of warm memories for me, and I hope it does the same for those who remember those times.
Classic Pete Seeger.  Some of Pete's best known songs along with introductory commentary make this a must for his fans.
I've shopped for mountain dulcimer CD's for some time now and finally discovered Kevin Roth.  Some artists sing along while  playing their dulcimer.  I'm not a fan of that--would rather just hear the instrument.  Some artists play numerous songs but use the same style of strumming/playing---boring!  I found a nugget of gold when I came across Kevin's recording.  It is purely instrumental--thank you!  AND he offers a variety of musical styles and selections.  His playing displays beautiful phrasing and finger picking.  Pure joy! If you want a mountain dulcimer artist who truly demonstrates the beauty of this instrument--Kevin Roth is your man.
This album was one I first heard in 1963 on a vinyl, Folkways record. The music was vibrant and beautiful and the words were heartfelt and poignant. Mark Spoelstra played a big Gibson B45-12 twelve-string guitar. He was a master at it. Hearing that music, I wanted to do it too. But it was much harder than Mark made it seem. Now, all of these years in the future when I saw that Amazon was offering that beautiful and great music as a digital download --no clicks and pops from scratchy vinyl -- I just had to have it. Mark's music is still great, and it still touches my heart.
This album is beautiful and important for it's historical importance as well as it's entertainment factor. There is little to no music like this today.
so  I had to buy the cd- I loved this solo album of Andy M Stewart so much. The title track is haunting & beautiful- not a bad song in the bunch
best bluesman ever.  period.  listen to this and other titles, astonishing playing, harp, 12 and 6 string, piano.  all of it.  listen to it.  again and again
Horace Sprott is one of the finest singer and harmonica player I've ever heard. He doesn't sound like Little Walter or others we use to listen to, but his music goes really deep down in your soul. Even when he sings without playing, his voice is just... nothing but the blues. If you are interested in the roots of the blues and expecially in the fantastic world of solo-harp, this stuff is for you!
I first heard these songs in grammar school in the '70s. Our school library had this album. For the last few years, around Fourth of July I've searched in vain for it, or even for its best song-Death of Warren. Only this year did I find it, and the sound is just brilliant. My uncle had given me a recording of Wallace House doing recitations with a guitar background. that album is still nowhere to be found. I played my recording of it to death, fascinated by his accent which was new to my youthful ear. Until a few years later when I discovered this album I didn't know he could sing-which he does in a pleasant baritone voice. This isn't for everybody-just folks who might like to hear songs from the birth of our nation.
This is the definitive source for "The Monkeys Have No Tails in Zamboanga" , listed as "Subic", by the author of "The Big Rock Candy Mountain".  Enjoy!
I enjoy finding compilations of folk music on amazon.  This particular series was a wonderful group of unique songs and artists.  They are full of social justice and labor theme songs.
I enjoy finding unique compilations of folk music like this with social justice and labor themes on amazon.comI ordered Volume 2 and 3 as well.
Cormac Breatnach take whistle playing to a new level, and the guitar work is superb. I plan to get Breatnach's other CDs as well.
This is one of the most beautiful albums I have ever heard.  It makes me happy, brings me great joy and a smile on my face.  I own lots of mediation/yoga music since I teach yoga, and this album is special.  It is a great combination of kirtan music with chants and English lyrics, it is East/West fusion at its best.  I will be looking out for this artist for a long time to come.
This music is great for the practice of yoga, for working out on the elliptical or just for listening. Buy it and pass the good word!
10 years ago, this husband and wife duo released this album.The xtra oridnary guitar work of Pete and vocal talents of Maura Kennedymake this a must have for your colletion.I would also recommend Guitarslinger- a fairly recent release showing off petes mindblowing guitar and electric Uke talents.They are still making great music, headlining shows and capturing new listeners where ever they perform.
The other two reviews are for a different CD . . .The Amazon folks made a mistake in the setup of this artist page.I listened to all of the songs, and they're great. I really enjoyed them. Well crafted and certainly well preformed by all of the artist/singers. I'm surprised that some of these songs aren't on hit radio stations already. If you like real good country-pop music, good lyrics, and good singers, you'll love this CD.Faith Hill, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Swift etc....
I saw these guys in a tiny little place in Cape Cod as a small boy and every now and then catch myself humming one of the tunes 25+ years later. Good classic east coast sailing songs.
Greetings,there appears to be a mistake. Gillianna has been attributed to the wrong person. It is by Wendy Beckerman and is also sung by Wendy Beckerman!
This is a wonderful album.  There are a few highlights - like Alabama and Thirteen Forever that stick in my head, and I never tire of them.  The whole album has beautiful rich sounds, I love the guitars and the voices are like listening to real people - talented people.  The songs are  wholesome and friendly and delightful.  I recommend it for playing in the car on trips.  You can't get much better listening than this.
This is just wonderful. The narrator has a wonderfully soothing voice and the quotes are sometimes very poignant. It gives you a choice of the kind of music that you prefer. Each one is different in its own way. Great job.
Overall great album from the Queen of Sevdah. The best songs are: Mojoj majci, Samo tebi ja vjerujem, Ljubav, Zena kao zena, Uspomene.
Suspect the wrong issue of FFMM was linked here.  Rated a 5 because the tracks previewed DO sound nice, but can't tell which issue they actually belong to.The tracks do not match at all, though there IS a (different) Christine Lavin song ("A Good Thing He Can't Read My Mind") where it says something about "Egyptian something or other..."
Was very pleased th find this available as a cd, because I had no player for my old album.  Tom Wisner was a local treasure.  If you appreciate the Cheasapeake Bay, you need to hear Wisner's songs and stories about the region and its people.
I cannot believe Knightley is not more well know. He has an extraordinary voice and the songs are stunning and honest.
I didn't know these LP transfers existed. There are perhaps 11 disks floating around as park of the heritage collection. Several are updated cherry picking from the original disks in the series. I'm buying ALL of them. Every once and a while you get a glimmer of ths music in movies. The movie that engraved the culture of sail in my mind was the Old Moby Dick production with Gregory Peck, Richard Basehart and Orson Welles.It's all here; work shanties, rounds, songs. Pounding rythms, saucy lyrics, history.Pour yeeself a rum n stomp yer clogs if ye cannot sing...yaaaarh :)
Love it -- especially the fact that these are such young musicians. Highly recommend to folks who like fiddle music.
I absolutely love it.  His talent is amazing and the stories he tells in his music are heartwarming.Leaves me wanting more...
I love this album-- very intimate, poetic, pleasing, and calming.  If you're a fan of 60's british folk, this one will instantly grab you.  Much in the vein of early Bert Jansch, John Martyn, Nick Drake, and John Evans.  I collect all things folk-- this album gets one of my highest recommendations!
Great Scottish music.  I love listening to the pipes and drums.  A friend gave me this for Christmas.  I have wanted this album for a long time.  Am glad I finally have it to enjoy.
~I have always loved the bagpipes and this is a great choice for any who like them as well. They played them perfectly.
There is a sweetness and an honesty these guys play with.  Their music always makes me smile even though I think they are trying to be sad :)
Emotive spirit  Louis-Ferdinand C&eacute;line's Ballets Without Music ... C&eacute;line said that he sought a stylisitic means of achieving an &#34;emotive ... was the use of a comic rhythm that became increasingly intrinsic to his prose.
Sure if you've got any kind of folk music collection, then you've already got many of these tunes. But this Old Town School collection is so fresh and imbued with energy that it's worth it. Volume 4 comes with 16 bonus tracks available only by download. Sweet!
I came across this in an obtuse way, as I was searching for music of Yemen as complimentary to my reading on the history of coffee.  I have found a few gems like this scattered across the musical landscape and it surprises me every time, in a very positive way.  For me, this music captures the contempory soul of the culture without undue compromise to Western marketing ideals.  I don't want to &#34;over-think&#34; this collection of songs.  I find it very enjoyable.
Great record!  Not too different from others of his that I have, but that's certainly not a bad thing.  Take a listen for yourself.
Sounds a lot like Eddie Vedder, but I like that.  I'm normally really scared of large bearded men, but his music doesn't scare me at all.  This was supposed to be a difficult EP to come across, but I found it on Amizon and didn't think it was hard at all.NWO 4 Life!!
Won't blow your mind, but overall a solid album. "The Matador" is a skipper, but every album has at least one. This easily could be the soundtrack to "into the wild" if it was lyrically... relevant. Basically has that vibe.Super professional review. It's good, no regrets. Check out the samples.
the guy has a great voice and unique style of song writing... only 1 complaint on this one, and that is that i do like his original album better.  this one may grow on me but it i had to pick just one.  i would go with hogtied revisited... 5 stars
Jay is an amazing artist - very talented young man with a stunning voice and unique guitar skills. He taught himself to play, which just makes the music that much more impressive!This album is a good starting point, but be sure to check out Goddamned and In Living Cover, too. I listen to his music nearly everyday and never get tired of it.He also has some interesting and entertaining vids on youtube, so search around there, too. Oh, and he tours several months out of every year, all over the world and at intimate venues, so you have a good chance of seeing him live and actually getting to hear the performance, too.He's the ONLY artist I've ever heard perform live who sounds even more soulful and rich in person than he does in his recordings. If you ever use ustream, check out his live broadcasts. He sometimes sings - even while doing the dishes - and I swear it's breathtaking, even via webcam.
This fantastic EP showcases Jay Brannan's incredible talent.Brilliant lyrics (smart, funny and plain beatiful), catchy melodies and a voice out of this world.Once you hear the music, you become a fan instantly.I would have rated more stars but 5 seems to be the max here.Look for Jay Brannan as an actor in John Cameron Mitchell's movie SHORTBUS (2006). He's also featured on the movie soundtrack with his hit "Soda Shop".
I just downloaded it as part of my Amazon.com Promotional Credit.  I am not surprised that I love it!  His voice is awesome and the story his song tells is great!  Buy it, buy the album!  Oh, and if you dig him like I do (I have tickets for his Mpls show next month) check his tour dates: [...].  Support independent artists!
This EP is a great way to start out an introduction to Jay Brannan but my god, check out his album. All four songs are great but I'd have to say Unstable Boy and 26-hour day are my favorites.Such a talent.Support independent artists and buy their albums!!!
Fantastic, I got this for an upcoming sailing trip. It sounds great and the tunes are FUN!
This is independent Celtic rock at it's absolute best. Tons of great songs by bunch of bands. I'm looking forward to a continuation of this compilation series.
The Bards are by far my favorite Irish / Celtic / Scottish duo!  The fun they had creating the album is apparent in all the tunes.  Their awesome bits of humor entwined with old favorites and new songs is uncanny.  While great musicians in thier own right, combined they are perfect.  Sit back, light up a clay pipe, throw back a cold ale and enjoy the merriment of this album.  AND..... AND.... Just maybe these two will set some time together and treat us with a new album some day!
These guys can make any song fun. I love them.'If I Had a Million Ducats' is one of my favorites.
I own most of this band's discs, acquired from various Texas faires. But, easily, this is my hands down favorite and stays in my car visor, for commutes and road trips out to faire. Andrew and Marc have a special gift for music, especially if you enjoy odd instruments and fun ditty's.
I love this cd! All 18 songs were on it. You need to make sure you don't get the limited edition Dragon*Con version. Love Marc and Andrew to bits! So much fun!
We love to play this album in the car. My son, age three, particularly loves the frog kissing song, number 18 on the album. I was just singing it to him while getting lunch together today. It is so nice to have music that I enjoy that I can listen to with a toddler around.
It is an awesome CD. Worth having in your collection.  They seem to have as much fun playing as I did listening.  Check out Marc Gunns new CD"Don't Go Drinking With Hobbits". It is even Better!!!
These guys are absolutely great!  They write and perform great songs, as well as traditional songs.  It is a shame they are no longer together (at least most of the time, lol)!  This cd is well worth the money - even if there was only one song on it.  I love the Bards and Marc Gunn on his own.
This CD is one of the most fun ones I have heard in a while.  Lots of songs that are fun to sing along with and that make good drinking songs.  They are also good songs to play for your friends to get a great chuckle.  One of the tracks is about whether or not Virgins taste better than non-Virgins... from a Dragon's perspective.  Its this sort of tongue in cheek humor that is a hallmark of good taste that comes from all of Marc Gunn's albums and this early collaborative work of his is a classic. If you collect Celtic music, this one should be in your library.
Absolutely Love this CD.  I have almost all of the Bards CD's.Andrew and Marc are wonderfully talented musicians.I highly recommend this CD.
The Brobdingnagian Bards are such a wonderful part of the renfair experience!Even though they don't play live anymore, I can still enjoy their wit, humor, andlovely voices and beautiful music through their albums.  Whether you like traditional or parody, this album aims to please.  It is just the right mix.  I own several of their albums.  This is one of my favorites.  I go on an adventure without leaving myhome whenever I listen to the Bards.
I bought this album after listening to a five second sample of one song and I've never regretted it.  They remind me of what the Pogues must have been like if you could understand Shane MacGowan.  Or maybe The Tossers without any trace of regret.  This is a fun, high-energy album with interesting lyrics -- exactly what I look for in music I listen to while I run.If you like The Pogues, Dropkick Murphys and Flogging Molly you won't regret getting this.
One of the best Irish punk albums.  Can't say enough good things about this album.  But where are they now?  Seriously we need another album!!
I first heard about this artist from the John Lennon Scholarship for song writers website, she placed in the top 3 in 2006. I listened to her song Boats and Birds and fell in love with her voice. Gregory & the Hawk is great music to chill to, with creative lyrics and soothing melodies. Their music just flows and their melodies are ones that you'll be humming through the day. I decided to listen to their new album "In your dreams" and it's just as good as their first ep released last year. I hope to see more of them in the future!Danielle
I bought this for my sister's wedding, really beautiful music! So glad I purchased this album, really added a special atmosphere to the wedding.
Heather Alexander is a wonderful singer. I have loved everything of her's that I have. The  songs Wolfen One and Midsummer are my favorites. March of Cambreadth isgreat. She has changed now and is singing under the name of Alexander JamesAdams. I haven't got his albums yet, but like I said I liked the xmas album with thetwo of them ( so to speak ).
I love this music. I got into goth and metal when I started to read John Ringo, who also loves this music and in most of his books he has lyrics and song titles interspersed all pertaining to the storyline. He was the one who got me into this music and I love it. March of Cambreadth is my favorite song. I cant wait to introduce my ROTC buddies to this. imagine pt in the morning to this song...sgonna be awesome. Love it....lolz
Classy sassy music. It is a new sound to me with an ancient feel that lifts the heart rumbles the soul.
Wonderful Celtic music covering a wide range of styles and topics.I bought this for March of Cambreadth, a song so stirring that if your pulse isn't racing after listening to it, check it, you may be dead.  If you are ever invaded, play this one on every loudspeaker you can get, I think it could motivate a Quaker to take up arms in defense of family and home.It's not all blood and thunder, the very next song goes into the aftermath of battle and is an entirely different mood.If you like Celtic music, grab this one, there's something in it for everyone and none of it is cliche.
This is a lyrical, evocative filk (MP3) CD with a strong focus on Celtic folk themes. The instrumentals range widely, from the pounding intensity of "The Hunt is on" and "March of Cambreadth" to the tenderness of "Wolfen One." Alexander's voice and lyrics match this variety, spanning the spectrum from funny to thoughtful to moving. I highly recommend this CD!
Great music, in the Renaissance Festival tradition, Heather is a Bard.  Great lyrics, wonderful music, entertaining.  I wholeheartedly recommend this album.Midsummer
I cannot play an instrument; I cannot sing a note, but I can play this album all day long.This morning I downloaded my first Heather Alexander album hoping to escape a writer's prison of empty words.I played "Midsummer" all morning long then went on to purchase every Heather Alexander album Amazon had to offer.I'm sure she's heard she writes music for the muse a thousand times before, but I'll repeat it once again.  Her music makes my feet sing, my tongue dance and invites my muse to come out and play.Bless Heather and the Faerie who whisper to her
If you love womens' voices in perfect harmony, this is the album for you. With song offerings from around the world, The Muses blend their lovely voices together in a way that always brings a tear to my eye.
Tom is an awesome singer/songwriter worth listening to.  This project was one of the first I bought on tape and just had to upgrade to CD.
Jack Smith and The Rockabilly Planet is a fantastic band. If you like black jacket rock and roll, rockabilly, garage bands, bar bands, or any combination thereof, you will enjoy this group. The musicians are talented, the songs-many of which were written by Jack Smith-are excellent, and Jack Smith&#8217;s voice is mesmerizing. I can&#8217;t believe these guys were never &#8220;discovered&#8221;. If you are eternally searching for the next band that will blow your socks off,  listen to Jack and The Planet. I have been able to round up four of their albums. Are there any others? Will you fans please let me know?
I bought this album back in 1987 when I was working at the Bowling Green KY public library. I played it until it sounded scratchy and it got lost in one of my many moves as a student. Now I'm getting it as an mp3. This was the first album that got me started in New Age and folk music. Somehow it always manages to match my mood, no matter what the mood is. It floats, soothes, uplifts and delights.I first HEARD them in 1986 at a concert for Dan Fogelberg. They opened for him, and after they came on, my friend and I didn't hear anything else. I got the album after that.
An album of beautiful, moving songs by a group of women who reflect strength, grace, harmony and commitment.  The power of their performances is manifest.
I have been a huge Susan Werner fan since 1993. She is one talented lady! You have to see her in concert to appreciate her. This song has been around for awhile and I'm glad Amazon has offered it. It is a great song with biting lyrics. Another good song from Susan. If you know her music and are a fan,you should check out her CD called Classics.
When I hear this group many thoughts of the late Bill &amp; Charlie Monroe, The Delmore Brothers, The Carter Family, Hanks Williams and Jimmie Rodgers...early Country &amp; Bluegrass shades of Gospel give us a whole new reason for living.Remember some of their earlier works ~ &quot;Letter To Home&quot;...&quot;Living on the Other Side&quot;(outstanding album, possibly their best to date)...&quot;Live at the Mac&quot;...&quot;John &amp; Mary&quot;...all the mentioned released on Rounder Records, and this &quot;Back To The Mac&quot;, all feature the Lester Flatt &amp; Earl Scrugg's test of time.Relive those days when &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou&quot; shined through, and every day was sunny, regardless of how much money you had in your pocket...music was your recreation, a stress reliver...it works today as it did then...so sit back, spin this CD and ENJOY!Total Time: 48:46 on 19 Tracks ~ Rounder Records 11661-0487-2 ~ (2001)
Really had a hard time finding this classic live recording. Great ! Looked all over for it and finally found it here.
Killer
This album has to be in my top 5. Joe Val's strong tenor voice is unlike any other and the New England Bluegrass Boys pick with skill and authority. When Joe whips out a yodel, you can't help but take notice. I'm surprised that Joe and the boys don't receive more recognition as one of the all time bluegrass greats.
This CD is a wonderful representation of Joe Val and his band.  He was one of the finest bluegrass tenors and this selection of songs is a great representation of his talent.
A great musican and singer whose songs are still sung by many a bluegrass artist.  He had a great delivery and a style which will be copied for generations to come.
Andrei not just an amazing guitar player. His playing has a magical style and yet very soulfull.I would highly recommend Andrei to everybody who appreciate great guitar music.
I can't remember where I heard about this album but it is fantastic and I love to listen to it while I work.
Every now and then you just get lucky in life and stumble across something wonderful. Hearing this album by Andrei Krylov for the first time is one of those moments. This music, so nicely arranged on guitar, has a special lure which drew me in the first time I clicked on the "preview" button. And what a track to start the album by! I must have listened to "Candle" alone three times in a row. I love the way Andrei is able to weave a clean and crisp playing style into such soulful music. I would ordinarily never have thought of listening to (much less falling in love with) traditional Russian folk music, but I have now. Thanks to Andrei for bringing these melodies to a wider audience!
These are such cute and original children's songs.  Every child should have them in their listening library.
Duckman's problems with Kelly's '06 CD just seem to be the duck/rabbit thing.  It is a matter of perspective.  I have always thought of him as much as a high quality esoteric poet as a guitar master.  Kelly is at the Aquarium in Fargo tonight, and I ought to get going.  Hope the smoke doesn't kill us.
I first heard Diane Zeigler live during "First Night" celebrations in Burlington, Vermont, back in the late 1990s. I was immediately captivated, and bought Sting of the Honeybee on tape.  I subsequently bought the CD, and purchased it again after it went with the divorce. If three purchases of the same album doesn't say something about the quality and heart of this extraordinary singer, I don't know what does!I'm thrilled to see that she's producing again; she "retired" for a time. I just finished downloading her other albums, and can't wait to give them all a complete listen.Former Vermonters and folk music lovers of all kinds CANNOT go wrong with Diane!
I'm bald and years ago when I heard Christine's song "Bald Headed Men" on WKSU in Kent, Ohio I really got a laugh from it. Then her song "What was I Thinking" is a title and theme that touches so many lives so many times. It is really good. This is a good "feel good" about laughting at life.
Alec Stone Sweet is one of few guitarists using the clawhammer technique (the only others I know of are Steve Baughman, Michael Stadler, Jody Stecher, and Martin Simpson).  He gets a beautiful sound.  His fingerstyle playing is also wonderful - very pure and delicate.
Outstanding!  Voice quality is chilling, I could listen to this album all day, and sometimes do. Tim Erikson is a great ambassador for traditional music.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this entire album!  I originally heard a Tim Eriksen clip on NPR and knew that I wanted to purchase that song I heard.  At first I only purchased one song as I thought the samples I heard through the previews all sounded the same.  However, my husband urged me to buy the album and I did and was so happy I did.In listening to all the songs, they DO sound different when you listen to them in their entirety. Plus, each song on this album has a story and one to the next are remarkably different.  I enjoy not only the music, but the lyrics as well. I never get tired of hearing his music and only wish he had more albums than just the couple that are out.
Big John Annas is an old friend.  He gave me an autographed copy of the LP, which a studio guitarist friend, Skip Silverman, proceeded to borrow and never return.  John and I went through some mad times together in the '60's in Syracuse.
I picked this up in 1996 from someone who had hosted an Irish music program in the Philadelphia area and was retiring. Although I knew nothing about "Four to the Bar" I asked if I could listen to the CD. I was absolutely blown away! Their "punked-up", live versions of traditional Irish songs makes this required listening for anyone who appreciates live Irish music but want to hear it played with a rock sound. "A Taste of the Reel World" is my favorite but their version of "The Black Velvet Band/The Wild Rover/The Galway Shaw" comes in a close second! Buy this CD, you won't be disappointed!
In the mid 90s, I saw 4 To The Bar in Buffalo 2 times.  They were 1 of the two greatest Irish Bands that I ever heard!  I bought their two casetts. ( I didn't own a CD player at that time.  I wore out both casetts.  I was finally abled to find "Another Son" on CD,  I actually have two copies!  But "Craic on the Road" CD, I can't locate.  My favorite song is 'Germany'.  I did purchase 'Craic On the Road' in MP3 form.  This music is reaaly a cut above the rest.  I was disappointed that the band broke up,  but that's life, full of changes.  To the band "Thanks for the music!"
As a young Irish girl in new York in the late 80s early 90s,these boys made us feel "at home". They played weekly in an Irish owned bar in woodside, Queens, where i worked. They were so full of energy,and their love of Irish music shone through!! They are fantastic musicians and singers,and will be fondly remembered by alot of people. So happy that we can purchase there music here!! Great memories :)
As a young girl living in NYC, hanging out at the Irish bars, I met the lads form 4 To The Bar.  After my first time hearing them I was hooked, and hooked forever.  I was at the recording of this album, and it was an amazing night!  I, of course, bought that CD when it first came out, but I lost it when my car was stolen.  I couldn't believe I found it to buy again, seriously, I was thrilled.  I promise you, if you love Irish music, this CD, and this band Will Not Disappoint!
Recommended listening for the soul ...your senses will be made new....and your mind open to a whole new you , Enjoy
I first came across Ryan Horne on the NoiseTrade website, and really enjoyed the album I downloaded there, so decided to check out more.  I was not disappointed, as this is another quality album from someone who still knows how to write a great three minute story in the form of a song (check out Hallelujah).  Other great songs are Jacksonville and Helpless.  Definitely worth checking out!
I'm not terribly into folk-type music but this one caught me by surprise.  It's essentially a series of sailors tunes and drinking songs.It is a "Live" album, so there is some audience participation--it's half the fun.  I must admit that after listening to it a few times I have found myself singing along.Fans of the genre should definitely check this one out.
Shockingly good.  a number of sea shanties appear on this disk, and it was a great shock to learn they are of Cedar Rapids.  Beautifully sung, stunning.
Beautiful record, that grows on you every time you listen to it! The arrangements are minimalist, which is a good thing because it allows the artists' voices to really shine.
This is great "Women's Music Festival" music!  If that's what you're looking to hear, buy this album!
More great work by Rod.Picott to add to your playlists good choice for Steve Earle Fans! More great tracks in roots rock/new Outlaw Style!
Raw, but so rich! These aren't "pretty" voices by any current American standard that I can think of, but they're tuneful and confident, and the rhythmic interplay is exhilarating. I wish I could get more people I know to sing like like this!
Definitely one of Michelle Featherstone's best ballads.  The song shows her beautiful voice and talent.
Most of the time when I purchase a CD after watching a live performance, I am disappointed by the over-processed nature of the recorded version. Not so in this case. This CD contains realistic, quality, raw acoustic versions of the songs it includes. The style, subject, and tempo of the songs is varied across the CD. The songs included are brighter sounding, quicker paced, more ironic, and more playful than those included on Barry's other albums. They contain colorful idiosyncratic language use similar to that of songs on Springsteen's Greetings from Asbury Park, NJ album. A lot of music for the money.
A wonderful blend of contemporary bluegrass, jazz, and classical styles.  The fiddle and cello make wonderful friends and these two ladies play them with skill and class.  Even if your not that familiar with bluegrass/folk style music but you are a fan of strings played well, you will enjoy this well done collection of tunes.
I've been a fan of MOW for nearly 20 years and am never sorry for any money spent on their music.  A very talented duo with great voices and musical instrument capabilities.
I was privileged to hear Cori recently in acoustic format (just her and her guitar and a microphone) and meet her in person. What a warm, sincere, friendly person. If you like heartfelt, upbeat folk music, hers is among the best. She has a wonderful, pure voice and sings and writes from the heart and from her personal experiences. I haven't heard her Christmas album yet, but my family tells me it is deeply touching. I would heartily recommend any of her albums to anyone who'd like to be transported back to heartwarming life experiences. Listening to Cori sing is a mesmerizing, wonderful experience.
Hold on to your hat folks, there is a new kid in town. Well actully he's not a new kid, but will be a new voice to a lot of folks.This singer songwriter is the new standard for folk and Irish folk music.If you dont have any of his stuff grab it now and do your ears a favor, you'll be a fan in one song - any song - check em all
If you like your folk music with a celtic flair you will love this CDevery track is a treasure.
Colin is an amazing talent and is one of Vermont's best! He is responsible for helping a lot of Vermont musicians get their careers on the road. I would recommend his music to anybody!
My mother and I were up in Twisp, Washington for a women's retreat several years ago. We ventured into town and walked the streets to see the shops and came across a man playing a beautiful harp. My mother bought one of his CDs and later gave it to me for my Massage Therapy business. I have grown to love this music-especially this CD-and eventually bought an online copy for myself so she could have her CD back. All of my customers love this music as well and it makes a great addition to my collection. 10/10
"I will stand fast" is a wonderful and comforting song.  I also like Scott and Jamie and If I were a Moose.  Ten years after first hearing these songs I still like listening to them.
If you only own one album by the McKrells.....buy this one!  It was recorded around the time of their legendary Carnegie Hall performance, opening for the Fureys.  I say legendary because they played to standing ovations!  I know, I was there!  They were at their peak with this configuration of musicians including Kevin McKrell, Chris Leske, Craig Vance, Joyce Anderson and Rick Bedrosian.
If you are someone like me who likes to hear all kinds of music in various languages, and you like Loenard Cohen, you will like this album...
I had heard of these guys through Marc Gunn's Celtic Music Podcast so I went in search of their albums.  I picked this one and I am really amazed.  These boys are super, they play a Celtic rock sound that is fantastic.  Two songs really jumped out at me on my first play through, &#34;Boston Irish&#34; which is just great and &#34;9/11 Brigade&#34; which I found very touching.  If you want to hear some great music get this album, I can't recommend it enough and you'll love it.
Highly enjoyable. The lyrics are very funny; this whole album just made me grin like a fool. Definitely worth the money. I'm not sure what the other reviewer was listening to when they claimed that the Theme Song Parody was just a cover...the lyrics are different and very funny. If you're a Browncoat, you'll appreciate this album.
Great songs. I wish I could listen to them live. Of course I am a Firefly fanboy also. but it still makes a great camping fishing story telling ballad album.
These guys took a good thing and made a good thing. They remade some of the music from the series, as well as created quite a few of their own. If you like Firefly and Serenity, you'll love this album. I could listen to it on Spotify for free but it was worth it to me to go ahead and buy it.
This music is unbelievable!  The talent of this group is top-notch and the music will move you!  I can't wait for more!  I had the pleasure of seeing them live this year, and it was instant attraction.  No disappointments here.
What can I say.  Caught them at Irish Fest in Milwaukee and was blown away.  This band has enthusiasm and energy to take on the entire fest single-handedly.  I particularly enjoy the drum and fiddle solos.  Their sound is not traditionally irish--you can hear the influences from many different cultures.  I really enjoy the different textures and renditions of the older music, as well as their original material.  You can't go wrong with any of their albums.
This CD has beautifully sung songs by Yasmine Levy; it is worth the purchase if you have interest in the Sephardi, Ladino, or even the Spanish language.  I listen to it very often and her voice is incredible.  My only problem is that I found the English translations to the songs either incomplete or full of errors.  I think whoever did the translations could have done a better job, there are several translations which I disagree with.  Of course, do not let this prevent you from buying it.  I hope that anyone who buys it may enjoy it as much I do.
I just discovered this artist today. I've always been a big fan of Flamenco and have played Flamenco guitar since I was young. This is the best of the best. Her voice and the music goes right to your soul. Every song I've heard has been incredible. I would love to hear her with Paco De Lucia... that would be awesome. I'm adding her tracks to my snowboarding playlist which had previously been exclusively heavy metal.
La Juderia is a masterpiece...joining the old and new on a magical experience of Jewish Ladino music. It is a joy for all to experience, artistically and spiritually.
I say they are a good third on the list of Irish punk bands. The Pogues are of course first, Flogging Molly second even though their music isn't as roudy and rough as S.B.C. they do have talent. The thing that bugs me is that this is more of a side hobby for Saint Bushmills Chior so you don't see hardly any songs from them. You can hear the talent they have they just don't use it that much.
Ed Reavy was an Irish born fiddler and composer of traditional music.Born in County Cavan in 1897 he moved to Philidelphia when he was 15.He began playing and composing at an early age and developed a style of music that is still to this day unique and engaging.The testament to his prowess in no small measure, are the fine players featured on this recording.There are also tracks here that were recorded by Ed, although they are too few in number.This CD is a must for those interested in Irish Traditional Music and it`s roots.
I have fallen in love with this album.  Jim Boyd and Sherman Alexie co-wrote these songs, and made an incredibly insightful contribution to the understanding of Native experience.  The music is part blues, part traditional native and part ballad.
This is one of my favored blues album.  A nice gentle sweet take on some bluesy tunes.  Bonnie has a very pleasant voice and her piano work is top notch.  My favorite tracks are Travelin' On, We'll Still Have Memphis, and Taint Nobody's Bizness.  Great listening if you like the style as I do give Bonnie a try.
This is my favorite of Tret's single CDs.  My next favorite is the duo Between the Covers.  She is a singer/songwriter who loves to sing; she can be found anywhere at anytime singing any of a myriad of fantastic creations.  Her music is not to be missed by anyone who loves a well crafted song and a wistful, glorious voice.
This is a great album! I bought their first album at a concert, and fell in love with it, (I bought this off Amazon MP3) and Tall Tales is even better than Tripping Maggie. I cannot wait for the next album to come out!
This album features, by far, the best rendition of "Fields of Athenry" that I have ever heard. What a pleasant surprise to go listening to every mp3 of that song available on Amazon, trying to find a version that I could listen to again and again, and find this amazing gem. It is the most sincere, most soulful and most listenable version ever. Voice and music are both equally brilliant. Bravo, Bhoys, bravo!
Amy is a beautiful artist and this purchase was worth every penny! Ive known Amy for a number of years, and I reach for her CD when i need a pick me up! Thanks for a great product and work of art!
This is surely my favorite go-to CD for Shabbat music! I highly recommend adding it to your Jewish music selection!
David's songs are as well crafted and well performed. He is a modern day James Taylor, with a huge NY fan base. He deserves to be a huge star worldwide.
If you are not familiar with the bardic tradition, this is a brilliant introduction. Davidsons beautiful speaking voice and accompanying harp will take you away to long ago, or perhaps last week. Honestly, I can think of no finer way to escape for an hour or two.
In the late 1980s I programmed a Coffee House stage at a small midwestern university.  I "inherited" LJ Booth when I took over, and enjoyed his show so much I had him back several times over the years.  An incredible songwriter, LJ crafts evocative pieces out of small moments of everyday life, from a child's terror of the "Boogeyman" to "Martha's Song," an old woman's reflection on her life as she looks through her window at the young couple living next door.  LJ can shift from humor to pathos on the turn of a phrase. "Swimming Hole" is one of my absolute favorite songs of all time - a boy's tale of a blistering hot summer and the relief provided by the local river.  So much better than the pool in town, even with the giant snapping turtle!
I've danced to these guys live and this album is bottled magic to take with you.  If you're looking for a good folk or contra CD, this is it.
What a fun CD.  A real toe tapper. Thanks for this great , unique music. Looking forward to the next one.
A fantastic recording with a great mixture of Bluegrass and Celtic-sounding tunes that are sure to put a smile on your face and give your foot a jaunty tap.
have been meaning to get it for a few years now and it is goodi recommend you give it a try
I really like the laid-back tunes. Barefoot Holiday and Nurse Rambo were fantastic. Even the Do Do Song had a really good beat
First saw the Bhoys at Irish Fair and have been a fan ever since. Put on a great show and we catch them at least once a year.
I recommend this CD to Colonial re-enactors, Colonial dance groups, and anyone interested in learning about America's history through music.  Especially wonderful renditions of "La Bastringue", and "John Cherokee".California 5th Grade Teachers take note:  Since Revolutionary War history is covered in the 5th grade curriculum, this is a great resource!I also recommend the recently released "Music of The Courage Tavern" by Colony Bay Productions and "Songs of The American Revolution" by Mimi & Sybil of Bellerophon Books--The latter offers enjoyable sing-along musicMusic of the Courage Tavern][[ASIN:B000JHGXPA Songs of the American RevolutionCarmen Morales-Board
If you haven't heard of Iris and Rose, you are definitely missing out.  These girls are very funny and actually have good singing voices.  You may not want your children to listen, as these songs are very catchy and they might sing them at school.
Mary Mack gets laughs with stream of consciousness observational humor.  Her wacky songs enhance her humor, but are not the focus of her comedy.  She pokes gentle fun at people without being mean or crude.  Her act focuses mainly on self-deprecating observations of her own life and family, especially her mother.  While a tad edgier than a trip to Lake Wobegone, Mary Mack's CD is a delightful break from the many acts laden with foul language and sex jokes.  Mack covers topics from Crock-Pots to teaching at a Catholic school to family dinners.  She takes you on a trip through an ADHD stream of consciousness that somehow always manages to get back to the point with a punch line.  I bought this album after watching her on YouTube and developing a crush, and it was totally worth it!

Simply beautiful and interesting. Didn't know anything about him until reading a review in the newspaper. Well worth buying this album.
Paul Boruff has a fantastic voice and unique vision for his lyrics. His songs can be listened to over and over and still feel fresh. Thanks!
My wife and I became acquainted with this artist (and his wife) as they served as co-directors and entertainers on an Elder Hostel (now called Road Scholar)tour. While personal familiarity with the artist adds special charm to hearing his music on this recording, the performances stands by themselves as talented and delightfully entertaining. I regret that there is not more of his music available.
I saw Sally in the late 70's when she played at my college campus, and purchased these albums way back when. I lost them over the years and then saw this while browsing the mp3 section on Amazon. I thought it might sound dated, but I love listening to these songs again. It probably helps that I really like this style of folk music, and the dulcimer. Though, oddly enough, I liked some of the more dulcimer-heavy tracks the least, but still enjoyed all. Sound quality was OK, given it's an mp3 download of an old album (that probably didn't have the highest production values originally).
This is an album I owned when it first came out and needed a copy to listen to on the computer!Sally has a lovely voice and is very versatile!
John Sheehan is a precious New Jersey/New York secret who should be outed to the world. A master guitar player, master musician, and wonderful entertainer. If you love fingerstyle guitar, you should not miss Sheehan's artistry!
Wil Maring represents the best of the quintessential singer/songwriter. If you enjoy exquisite instrumental picking and playing that accompanies soulful songs sweetly sung with passion, then you need to own this album. As with any art worth appreciating, you will find repeated listening unveils new levels of nuance, meaning and musical artistry. As the saying goes, "It is the gift that keeps on giving." This music does not so much represent an era, it could have heard and loved decades ago and it is still fresh and rewarding today. If I were to give it a word, it would be "Americana." Just give me a front porch with a rocker and a swing, a jar of lemonade and an ample serving Wil Maring's musical magic to take me to a peaceful place in my mind and heart.I got to meet Wil when she called for tech help at my company. Our conversation led me to start my collection of her work here. It will be the first of many. I can't wait for a chance to hear her play live. She has a compelling and intimate vocal style that is the perfect accompaniment to her straight-from-the-heart lyrics and the elegantly timeless melodies of her songs. Wil surrounds herself with topnotch acoustic players whose artful touches produce a most satisfying result... except that when its over, you find yourself pleased for the taking, but wanting more.
I found this album serendipitously. I was in Colonial Williamsburg's DeWitt-Wallace Decorative Arts Museum Viewing an exhibit titled "The Art of Death in 18th Century America" (or something close to that),  in which there were many scenes of 18th century graveyards, memorial portraits, etc. The one thing I noticed most however was this hauntingly beautiful "Funeral Dirge [Von Hagen]", I noted the title from a card on the wall listing what was being played. When I got home I immediately went to iTunes and searched for album and behold I found "George Washington: Music for the First President".This album is wonderful; it has music of early America played in a very realistic manner using period instruments, if I am correct in remembering all the compositions are of American origin, something of a rarity to find, in relation to the vast library of European Classical Music.
I was looking for something a little different and this is very nice. The harp guitar sound great. The recording is amazing.
This is what David Kaemmer writes about this album:In Fiddling for Change I recorded fifty plus minutes of the crazy ideas that I hear in my head. I hope you enjoy the arrangements and the solos and can see the endless potential that resides in creating and changing music. The result is a unique expression that reflects who I am today. David KaemmerDavid Kaemmer: Fiddles, Guitar, DR-5 Bass*, DR-5 Piano, Lead Vocal, Harmony VocalsBob Nible: Upright BassAll arrangements by David KaemmerRecorded, Mixed, & Mastered at the DK Music Studio - Sierra Vista, AZCopyright David Kaemmer 2006Fiddling for Change is David's second album.David Kaemmer is currently playing with the 1-5-1 Country Band, the Busted Cowboys (western swing) and with Michael Grande. He is a champion fiddler and his first fiddle CD, Milk Cow Blues, has sold over 350 copies and received international airplay. He went to college in Nashville & got a music performance degree in jazz.
the piping on the cd is absolutely wonderful.  i have to say that my very favorite tune is Hector the Hero.  not all that crazy about the two songs with vocals but overall the cd is a great listen
I'm seriously jealous that someone already stole the name &#34;Keltish&#34;, but these guys are fantastic. I got hooked from a youtube track of their &#34;Star of the County Down&#34; and expected them to be more of an Irish/Jazz crossover, but their other tunes are delightfully traditional.
I love this CD. I bought it for the song, &#34;Little Fountain,&#34; as my daughter is learning it. I have another daughter who is an aspiring flutist, so this combination is perfect for them. This is perfect background music for anything. It's soothing and gentle.
I came across this album while searching for calm and soothing Celtic music for solo Flute and orchestra. I wasn't intending to come across music for solo Flute and Harp, but I knew I had to purcase this album as soon as I heard the first track. This is beautiful traditional music that could calm a raging storm! The playing is so graceful for both instruments, and I have a whole new respect for these two instruments playing together. If you're even slightly considering this album, do yourself a favor and don't pass it up! You'll love it!
Alan Kelly, probably the greatest living piano-box player, his brother John on flute, and an exceptional roster of accompainsts: Cyril O'Donoghue on bouzouki, Arty McGlynn on guitar, Brian McGrath on banjo & piano, and Jim Higgins on bodhran... lovely tunes, some of them refreshingly rare, and brilliantly arranged all around. Straighforward, spare, and beautiful Irish dance music.There is something that sounds like synth in a couple spots, but it's not too distracting.
In Fourmilehouse, Alan Kelly (on the piano accordion) and his brother John Kelly (on the flue and whistle) perform lively traditional music with consummate skill and enthusiasm. A highly recommended addition to the music library of Irish music fans, Fourmilehouse showcases the brother's performances of Mrs. Crochan's/Quinn's/?The Boys of Potaferry (3:01); The One that was Lost/The Hag's Purse/The Black Rogue (4:06); The Cacus Reel/Lady on the Island/Mcgettrick's (3:46); Jer Quigley's/The bunch of Green Rushes (3:25); The Sporting Pitchfork/The Diplodocus/Charlie Mulvhill's (4:03); The Parting Glass/The Duke of Leinster (4:54); The Bush in Bloom/The Old Road to Garry/Captain Kelly's (2:53); The Mountain Ranger/The Harp and Shamrock (3:55); The Four Leafed Shamrock/The Concert Reel/Larkin's Beehives (5:03); The Pleasures of Hope/The Palm Tree/Ah Surely (3:51); Castletown Connors/Old John's Jig/The Green Fields of Woodford (4:04); Sonny Brogan's/Easter Sunday/The Glentaun.
I first saw this guy at an open Mic up north of Baltimore a little over a year ago, and immediately became a fan. His music is a combination of hip hop, folk and a little bluegrass thrown in. He's got some very dancable music as well as some great story telling songs.Do yourself a favor and check him out.
Great Irish Traditional music from Patty Furlong and guests.  This one gets played a lot around our house.
The great improperly unrecognized Tymon Dogg is probably some kind of genius. This EP is so good. The big stuff.
A very solid album that I will continue to listen to.  A pleasant mix between Leo Kottke and Jack Rose (with a little Neil Young thrown in).
This song, penned by the great Woody Guthrie in 1940, remains a perfect union tune for the 21st century. Anne Feeney's voice fits the song like it's her own personal glove. The lines &#34;she never was afraid / Of goons and ginks and company finks&#34; and &#34;Oh, you can't scare me, I'm sticking to the union&#34; provide good advice in any day and age.
Lourdes Perez stands on the vanguard of excellence, with passion she delivers the insides of a Puerto Rican Soul.  Her Music is compelling and dynamic, she can easily be compared to any number of modern day greats.  Breathing life into a number of songs, she is an island who remains true to a dying art form.  A modern day poet, living and breathing the struggles of an island fighting to retain its History and identity.  JOHNNY RIVERA
A warm voice and well crafted guitar playing combine to make this more than a folk album. Perez touches the intellect and the heart, the spirit and the senses in a collection of songs that can seduce and stir it up! The recording captures the timbre of the voice, one of the few albums you can hear the ache of the words. One or two live tracks come as a surprise because the consistency of performance and production create an intimate experience for the listener throughout the entire record, as if she is sitting and playing on the bed next to you or in your favorite chair.A wonderful album. The only folk thing is that Lourdes is a lover of people and ideas. Think of many great women singer/songwriters - Lourdes is among them.
I became a fan of Tom Dundee's when he lived in Seattle in the '80s. His live performances were electric with musical genius and heart: he might do the same songs, but no two performances were ever the same! His most memorable songs are featured here: &#34;Hello My Heart&#34; and (his best-known/most covered) &#34;A Delicate Balance. PLUS $8.99 for a 35-track download is the best deal ever.Sadly, Tom died 7 years ago in a motorcycle accident. But his wonderful music lives on!
There aren't any words to describe this album. It defies classification, as does the gangster rabbi himself. There's a lot of talent here... Lieberman plays all the instruments himself, and he is especially adept at the bass and flute. The vocals are distorted, and a little lost in the mix, but the lyrics I can hear are a mix of tongue-in-cheek humor and raw, dark emotion. I love this album and think it is one of the most original works I have heard in a long time.
I bought this album for my wife as a gift and we both can't stop listening to it.  Incredible music, singing and lyrics.
In book #1, Haylee's Treasure, there's a page called "Seney Stretch Symphonies" that gives the young reader (yes, that's you,) a few tunes to accompany "The Drive" on M-28; since it can be dragging, especially, without good music (at least from the Bridge to Munising).The song "Shoreline" by (Daisy) May Erlewine Bernard is perfectly and uniquely, Pictured Rocks (National) Lake Shore.Who, besides me, has danced there i.e. on the shores of Pictured Rocks, or anywhere along the edges of Superior for that matter? Have you seen her dressed in red and gold? One minute, the shoreline is a woman, the next, a dance hall, then a play. This song etches your soul.  It is communal evolution; a child one minute and a lady the next. In Shoreline, Daisy May reminds us: everything will be okay, we can fail, we aren't alone, and things do workout.27 days to go...See link below:[...]Reference Links:[...]
This CD is authentic and outstanding.I felt like I was actually on the battlefield and in the smoke-filled pub.Very well produced,emotional and unbelievable artwork.
For those who love the music of PPM; you will not be disappointed in Noel Paul's cd "Real to Reel". According to his web site, this was a concert taped in 1973; shortly after the opening of the newly completed Sydney Opera House in Sydney Australia.It was an intimate and spontaneous concert; with Noel performing mostly original material woven through stories as only he can tell them. I first heard this in the late 70's; and it still sounds as fresh and inspiring as it did then.It took years for this to become available once again to the general public; I'd take advantage of its availability here @ Amazon while you still can, you won't be dissatisfied.
One of the first albums I bought as a new Christian in 1980. Lots of fun and encouragement. &#34;Hello, Martha. Can you get the door,&#34; is a common phrase in my house. ;-)
I grew up with PP&M and sang their music in a pizza joint in San Jose to help work my way thru college in the mid-60's.  Somebody gave me this album in the late 70's - they were dumping boxes of 8-tracks and this was one.  And I fell in love with this side of Noel Paul Stookey,  With light-hearted enthusiasm, Paul shares his deep love for Jesus and the incredible gift God gave us when He died on the cross for our sins.  That love shines through Reel to Reel.  My 8-track tapes and player are long gone.  What a joy to find the digital version on Amazon and be reunited again!
Reel to ReelAwesome and inspiring. Truly a tribute to Noel Paul Stookey! A must for any fan of Peter Paul and Mary.
Great songs, amazing singers, Bounding Main makes me think I was born in the wrong century.  The songs will bring out the sailor in every landlubber.  Whether you prefer the Grand Age of Piracy or the end of the era of sailing this album was made for you.
We were heading out on a long ski trip and at the last minute decided to take Bill Thurman along for some fun music.  We got all of that and more.  Thurman's treatment of these classic melodies is world class.  Along with fiddler speed, you get emotional virtuosity out of Thurman's violin.  Yes, I said violin, see we had an accomplished classical violinist/fiddler in the van, and if she called Mr. Thurman's fiddle the "sweetest violin" we certainly were not going to contradict her.  The journey through Thurman's Celtic Collection makes any journey you are driving on a joy.  But prepare yourself for spontaneous hand clapping and voices humming along, and requests for "play that again, and again, and just once more, ok?"  Thanks Mr. Thurman.
Ann Mayo Muir, Gordon Bok and Ed Trickett make beautiful harmony in fresh, beautiful renditions of traditional and newly composed songs.  I heard them in Boston in the 1970s and have loved them since.  The CD and mp3 made from it replace an old vinyl copy.  I am really sorry that a few of my favorite Folk-Legacy records are no longer available, but I am glad that this one is.
I first heard this album in my sister's car. I used to hate my sister, but after she went off to college, we got along much better. Anyway, she was home during one of her breaks, and we were driving to town to get some candy and movies, and she played this album. In my understanding, she bought it off the guy that sings it after one of his shows.And guys, I know I said this in the title, but it's pretty amazing.I'm a lyrics girl, so I can't listen to things if the lyrics are shallow or in any way terrible, but that has not been a problem with this album. Awesome words abound.I'm a senior in college now, so I've been listening to this sucker for awhile. Actually, I got it straight from my sister. Burned it, you know. So terrible. But there was no place for me to buy it at the time. I came on to Amazon looking for new music tonight and thought I'd check to see if this guy had written anything new. I guess not, but at least I'll buy this album to make my possession of it legitimate.Anyway, I don't talk about music much, so I don't have fancy ways for describing why I like this album. It's just worthwhile, and I thought it deserved a review.
As a Big Country fan, I was curious to hear how Stuart Adamson would sound in folk setting. Needless to say, he sounded great and illustrates why he was such a powerful and expressive singer.
I love this cd, I play it as am driving to Shabbat services on Saturday. It gets the day off to a great start.
Deborah Jacobson has one of the most beautiful voices I have ever heard. "Shabbat Unplugged" is wonderous. If you are Jewish, and maybe even if you are not, you need to own this fabulous disc. Not a bad note anywhere on it.
I bought this cd b/c it was on sale, but it ended up being one of my favorite kids cd's.  Good music that is fun for me & my daughter to listen to.
Just saw these women live on a cruise. They are STILL fabulous after all these years. Hard to listen, tho. We're all, and they're, aging.
Lendi Vexer is a South American duo whose music is so smooth, so seductive, so sexy (there's no other world for it) that they deserve the widest possible audience.  Late nights will simply never seem the same after you've spent time immersed in the music.  See also their wonderful first EP that features the creamy, dreamy "Suicidal Adage."  This is a treasure that only gets better on repeated playings.
The notorious creator of the indie comic and flash cartoon Neurotically Yours brings us his skill as a musician. Jonathan pours out his heart and soul as he lulls you into a bleak atmosphere. His music is truthful and inspired as he confronts the darkest parts of the human condition. Every melody here carries the weight of human anxieties and despair, and forces the listener to look into themselves and face their own inner demons.Emotional and powerful I hope Jonathan continues to go forth in his musical work as he as continued through out the years with his cartoons.
This is one of my favorite labor oriented performers.  It's great to find so much of her music available in the convenient MP3 format on amazon.com
Here in Providence is full of powerful Christian songs from a talented singer/songwriter.  Song after song is full of meaning, power, and grace.  There are mournful songs of loss and lamentation, but all are stories brimming with hope.  The title track, "Here in Providence" is a story of missed opportunity, but also an uplifting tale that could be made into a Jimmy Stewart movie. Clean White Paper is a haunting confessional about economic justice, with a word of hope and renewal.  The Fisherman's Daughter is about a man still mourning the death of his daughter, when he receives a mandate from her to "Dance."Grundy's voice is not overwhelming or overpowering.  It is an instrument of subtleness and melody.  Most of the songs are accompanied by acoustic guitar.  "Compline" is an endearing love song that is stripped down to bear emotion and sung acapela.  Love, loss, jutice, peace, the power of the Holy Spirit, all of these things are found in this album.
There are few things in life that are truly magicA beautiful sunrise or sunset.A spring breeze.A great bottle of wine.And of course, The music of Ari and Mia !
Great music from a fantastic singer and musician.She has fun with her music.I highly recommend buying this cd or mp3.
I just got back from a trip to New Orleans and wanted a CD that I could kick back and relax to that would remind me of the sounds and flavors that I experienced on the trip. This CD is perfect for that.
I have enjoyed Gerri's music for more than 25 years. I'm happy that some of the songs from her early years which only used to be available on cassettes (like Angel Band) are now available in MP3 format. But her originals are the best. Hills of Kentucky always makes me homesick even though I didn't grow up there, as does Wings of a Song. And the Hunting Song is the best anthem to vegetarianism because it's FUNNY, not browbeating.  Download the whole album...you won't be disappointed.
We were given a copy of this CD for Christmas, and its lovely simplicity captured us.  It is so gentle and quiet and appropriate for the Christmas sitting-by-the-fire time.  We want to share it with a few other folks whom we are sure will appreciate it.
You know when your hooked on a "nice feel". This is it. There's a lot of Country music albums out there and there's a lot of blues albums too - and i love em cause i love Roots music. Kevin mixes them both up into a concoction that is simply "groovy and grooving". The music is smooth and flows right over you - the songs are mellow and moving. It's well produced music that is not over produced either. To think that I am writing the first review is a phenomenal thought in my mind and that it's 7 years since it was released. There are a lot of commercial artists that would just love to get to this level of craft. You can't fake this stuff - this guy has it in his bones. I would not hesitate getting this. What's my recommendation? Well - buy this CD's, put it into your car and go on a road trip.
This album is gorgeous...and I can honestly say I wasn't expecting it.  I found out about Matt Singer from a friend recommending his song "Constellations".  After hearing (and falling in love with) it on his Myspace page, I had to come on amazon and check out some other tracks...after realizing it had no reviews, I went ahead and bought it on a whim, figuring at least there would be a few decent songs on it.  The little :40 second soundbites you can hear don't even begin to hint at all the subtle arrangements and beautiful studio work poured into this album.This is a very talented artist at work; far more than just a piano & guitar singer/songwriter, he is masterful with incorporating backdrops of strings, shimmering acoustic guitars, overdubbed vocals, electric keys, interesting rhythmic ideas, and even a short trumpet solo popping up in one song.  While many artists take an attitude of, "Hmm...I know what this is missing...strings!!!" and proceed to destroy their album by forcing the issue, Matt Singer is a natural with arranging instrumentation.  There are songs where the acoustic guitars, his deep, smooth vocals and the strings are simply dancing together.  Some songs are slow ballads, others are quirky and upbeat, a few are dark and experimental, and as a whole the results are haunting, and repeat listens reveal the talent behind creating this album.If you took the flowing song structures and instrumentation of Rufus Wainwright, met with the laid back guitar work of Nick Drake & Iron and Wine, sung with a clear, soothing voice similar to Shawn Mullins or Duncan Sheik...with lyrics that alternate between sincere/genuine and quirky/witty...you'd wind up with this album from Matt Singer.  Songs I'd begin with:-Constellations-Bed & Breakfast-Sic the Dogs-False Gods-Trick or Treat-Uncle
This band is long-since disbanded and has since all-but disappeared from the internet, but this, the only album the only album the two twenty-somethings compiled before going their separate ways, is a gem.  It's full of faux-British charm, with an instrument list longer than the tracklist.  Their list includes "piano, guitar, vocals, harmonica, glockenspiel, snare drum, accordion, baby accordion, melodica, and whistling".  This panoply of instrumentation, along with their clever, mostly ballad-based lyrics that tell quirky, endearing stories, make for some great music.  One review described them as "somewhat suggestive of a more tongue-in-cheek Decemberists", and that's an excellent summary.  Their songs are short stories, often of individuals who have seen better days.  Despite the wealth of instruments, the lyrics are at the forefront, doing their job, telling their story.  They don't take themselves too seriously, just having a jolly good time, and it shows.  I have long been sad that this is all that came of this cheery duo.
If you are familiar with Fats Kaplin's previous work, you won't be disappointed with this album. There's not a bad song on it. If you haven't heard his work before, this album is mainly instrumentals, with the exception of John Brown's Dream and Fatman Reprise. His instrumentation is excellent. Most of the music is Americana/Folk/Bluegrass, but a few defy classification.
Okay, I'm not reviewing the whole album, just one song: Ghost Waltz. That song was left on an old computer given to me and with it I received a rather eclectic collection of French, Vietnamese and odd pop music. And there was Fats and Ghost Waltz, a hauntingly (pun not really intended) lovely guitar and violin instrumental, just made for the closing of the next Cohen Brothers film. Thanks Fats!
This is great listening, songs we can all relate too.  Filled with a lot of emotion and folk rock takes you back to when life was simpler. It is a great follow up to Greener.
I was looking for something unique with a nice Blues twist. I definitely found it in the Salinas Blues. Great compilation, very easy on the ears! Great title also!Mark A. Salinas
&#34;Strong Hands&#34; is my personal favorite of this artist's three albums, I love every song on the list! Judith Avers is just a girl and her guitar at heart and is an intuitive songwriter, so her music is lyrical and smart and real without being &#34;heavy.&#34;  Her voice is her best instrument and she makes clever use of her words and lilt, there is nothing to not love about this album!
Excellent playing from start to finish. Great sound and you gotta love the strings! Josh Komorowski has one of the best voices around. He was soulful when he performed with Love Syndicate and his solo release "There is Always Hope" from 2005 takes his singing to the next level. Looking forward to the new album, hopefully before the year is over.
Raunchy, raw, rocking and foot stomping! The Dolmen at their brilliant best. If you haven't got it - get it!
Moonstruck's music always brings out my emotions deeply and Crossroads takes me into the spiritual place I need to be and want to go.
I grew up in L.A. not really having much of a taste for country music. Truth be told, I hated it. I heard Allen Shamblin play live a few months back and absolutely LOVED his music.  He typically writes for well known artists and you can clearly discern what's his because of the emotion it evokes.  I love his music because it not only has a great melody but has messages from the heart.  Check it out, you WON'T be disapointed!
I downloaded the album this morning and was absolutely delighted with the music content, melody and rich soulful voice recording.His songs have great purpose and with every note, one can pick up the heart and soul of the singer. Absolutely pleased and look forward with great anticipation for Allen Shamblins next release.MJB, Frisco, TX
I really enjoy the songs of A. S.  --  they are his, but he brings them to life for me!  Great stories, melodies, also, touching and entertaining...he is a most gifted writer/entertainer.  Sheila in Wisconsin.
I picked up a copy  of this CD at Crazy Horse after the summer blast show in 2013. I was impressed by the voice of Jim Young and by the songs themselves."They Cut Their Names in Stone" always makes me cry, it brings up memories of visiting the Viet Nam Wall and searching for the names of fallen family and friends.I can't wait to acquire the rest of his works. And hopefully to hear him live in the future.
I grew up on the Rosebud Reservation in South Dakota. (I think Jim is from Pine Ridge) this album is a great mix of English and Lakota Sioux classic country music. Jim has a great voice. If you want a unique listening experience This album is highly recommended. The Mixing is pretty good too. I certainly rate this music five stars. Waiting for more Music!!! And more stories set to music
This is a fantastic album for the English/Celtic folk music fan - Although not as well known as the Paddie Bell/the Cories or the Dubliners this groups music is a truly awesome both in the vocals (I really love thier rendition of "Mountain Dew") and instrumentals are a true audio feast.There is a warning that some of the ditties may be inappropriate for younger listeners.The only klinker in this is the interview at the end it should have included another song.
I only recently discovered that the very talented actress, Lisa Zane, had this outstanding musical side, which is tragic enough in itself just to realize how off the radar this material is when taking into consideration the quality and depth of the music. It seems that this album was released in 2005, and I only now become aware of it? That's discouraging. I'm not the most knowledgeable on the background and culture behind this style of music so I'll just speak from my heart; it's rich and deep with emotion and beauty, not overly melancholic, and actually feels upbeat at time, though it's still moody and brooding, with a fluid shift; songs flow across the spectrum without segmentation, and this is credited to her voice and the fine instrumentation, and the natural conjunction of these elements. Are my descriptions helping? If not, sorry, just sample the music here and hear for yourself. Lisa Zane has that broad-ranged singing voice that conjures feelings of a classical aesthetic. You can feel better about yourself for listening to this; it has so much to offer in dimension of mood as opposed to the cheap stuff that the mainstream pitches all over the place. I really hope, if this is your style, that you pick this album up and give it the attention it deserves!
I became an instant fan of John Mock when I heard the album he made with Butch Baldassari many years ago, 'Cantabile' ---  His classical guitar playing is flawless and he captures the essence of traditional music while establishing a certain contemporary framework around it-- somewhat in the same way that artists on the old Windham Hill label did.  My favorite tracks are the ones with guitar and mandolin-- 'Aboard the Morgan', 'The Ponies of Chincoteague' and 'At the Cliffs of Moher' are outstanding.
Beautifully done!  I listen to this CD quite often and never  tire of it.  The voices blend beautifully, and the arrangements are unique.
Wow! Erin has a beautiful voice. The music is heartfelt, stirring, and proportional. It has a good mix of instruments. It does sort of remind me of CSNY and Joni. 'Unfounded' reminds me of something I can't quite put my finger on, and it remains my favorite track on this album.  Why did I not discover this earlier?
This band was a HUGE HIT in the mid-Atlantic region in the mid-90's thru, say, 2002.. I miss them terribly! SO MUCH FUN to see, most especially in outdoor venues like Quiet Waters Park (Annapolis, MD) and at Irish Fests everywhere.  They had an amazing lead singer and a marvelously eclectic instrument ensemble-- including a tuba (!) and even a didgeridoo, with incredibly creative and inventive percussion rounding out the sound.  This album has a wide range of tunes: from the &#34;slow&#34; Irish dirges (Sawny Bean) to fast-moving and totally energetic (Finnegan's Wake)-- to play their version of Finnegan's and remain totally still, one would have to be deaf or dead (or extremely sleepy).
Janiva Magness is a new discovery for me and I am just loving her.  In a small way she reminds me a bit of Rory Block and that is a compliment.  This was the first cd I heard and of course I had to read her story.  If you have a chance google her, her story is amazing and inspiring this lady has lived through hell and back again and I figure that if anyone knows the blues she does.  The lady is a gift.  I can't wait to see her perform.
I have a soft spot for female vocalists starting with Lena Horn and working to recent times. Every now and then I hear a new voice and suddenly my collection seems inadequate and this is what has happened with Janiva Magress. There's a little bit of Bonnie Raitt, but just enough to let you know it's going to be fine. She has her own voice, don't get me wrong but she and Bonnie and Maria Muldaur and Tracy Nelson could sing as a group and the interweavings of the voices would leave you breathless. She's great, an excellent addition to your collection, to your MP3 player and totally appropriate for your cloud.
This album is intimate and powerful. Barry's guitar and background vocals are anointed, and Michelle's vocals are so strong and sweet. It's a beautiful offering of praise. Serious worship. So deep. Michelle's voice is one of my all time favorites, along with Harriet Wheeler of the Sundays. One of the albums I never get tired of!
This is a really nice CD of Andean music. It has a really nice feel to it - both calming, relaxing and lively at the same time.Each songs flows very nicely after one another, and makes the whole listening a very enjoyable experience.For people new to Andea music, this is a good one to have and if it's not in your collection, I think you'll appreciate it.I also recommend another CD of Andea Flutes bye Joel Perri:Master of the Andean FlutesAnother beautiful CD with many well-known songs, and amazingly well played.
I found this album by chance several years ago. I was delayed at an airport, could not stand the noise at the airport while waiting for a flight, and decided to go on-line and search for "white noise." I do not recall how, but somehow I encountered this album and downloaded it. Instant heaven! Although I am passionate about the Beatles, Arlo Guthrie, and so forth, I make sure that I have access to this album when I travel. I have it on my iPod and computer. It is especially soothing during flights, when I want to tune out engine noise and baby crying.It is very repetitious, but appears to be an artificial rainfall with minor variations in the background. I cannot find anything "celtic" about it, but I guarantee, it shuts out intrusive sounds in a most satisfying manner. I also keep a recording of real rainfall, but somehow the Celtic Rain Meditation is much more pleasing. I swear by this marvelous recording.
This album, though not as strong as &lt;So High> in my opinion, is well worth acquiring. How Good He Is, I Repent, and Closer are great songs, but Round and Round is worth the price of the album. It's a great story, with a tremendous melody and exquisite vocals. Just a work of art. If you haven't discovered Barry & Michelle, you should.
These guys are not your average Irish pub band.  The instrumentals are flawless, inventive and fluid.  The vocals are brilliant, tasty, surprising.  No cliches here.  If you're looking for &#34;Danny Boy&#34; move on, but if you're into celtic music and want to hear something new and fresh by excellent musicians, check out Arcanadh - any album.
I know Moira. Not well, but still, I do. She has forgotten more about music than I will ever know. She is exceptionally well trained, skilled, and talented. Gifted might even be applied and not out of context. Her work has lasting, enduring beauty. This is for any interested in Gallic music, harp, and pure and heart-stirring vocals. She may be one of the last, of Avalon's daughters.
I was thrilled to find this album. I was searching for harp music for myself and my eldest son (8 yrs. old) relaxes best to lyric sopranos. We love celtic songs and this work wrapped all three elements into one wonderful album. Most of the songs are slow and soft, one is really a fun song and a few are medium-paced. Most song lyrics are understandable to some degree, although obviously with a heavy dose of an irish accent or gaelic dialect. We enjoy listening to this! My only wish is that there were a few more upbeat, energetic pieces.
A great selection of 19th century music played beautifully on piano with a mix of vocal and trumpet added occasionally. We plan to use it as music for celebrations in our historic home.
Wonderful music. The Mighty Pickle is one of my all time favorites. I hope we hear more from these gentlemen.
Wonderful, Positive, Progressive Music.  I saw Jami Lula at my church last week and immediately ordered this album and others.
This album is one of the few I have purchased twice, I love this band and eagerly await the newest coming this year I hear. If you like traditional/folk, you must must must get these guys!
I have always enjoyed folky ballad type of music.  It doesn't get much better unless you get both albums byCharlotte Kendrick.  I hope she does another one.
Robert Wallace(The Would-Be Herbalist on Kindle) says: Pagan Mary was a band from the Toronto area who were most active in the late nineties and early 2000s, led by songwriter and lead vocalist John Kelly. Other band members on this recording are Ayron Mortley(guitar, mandolin, etc.), Olivier St-Maurice(fiddle, etc.), and Colin Webster(drums/percussion). There are a number of guest musicians as well. While superficially the music might have a resemblance to Fisherman's Blues-era Waterboys or early Pogues, John Kelly's songs are certainly more prickly and provocative, treating social and political issues including capital punishment(By And By), homelessness(The Streets of Toronto), American foreign policy(Ode On America), etc. For those nostalgic for Toronto references Honest Ed's, Christie Pits, Kipling Station, and the Joyce all get mentions. Out of Jerusalem treats humourously if in a blasphemous way the story of Jesus and Mary Mags. Certainly at 3:29 it's more fun and entertaining than slogging through a Da Vinci Code product. There is a great deal of witty wordplay on display here, especially on Louis Riel, Peggy's Cove, and Twelve Pints of Guinness--the last song  fully equipped with a more than serviceable singalong chorus. There are a couple of things which don't seem to work as well--I Came Upon A Rose, an earnest ballad, and Pagan Mary, a bit unclear as to intent or meaning--but I think the listener will find that traditional folk song forms are given a fresh treatment, mainly in the area of subject matter and content.
I absolutely LOVE this album!!! I had the CD from years ago and was happy to find that I could download it to listen everywhere I go now.
Sarah Kim Wilde's album is one of the most haunting, soulful and poetic collections of music I've ever heard. Cannot get her songs out of my head! Thanks for the great music!
Big follower of Lee Murdock. Live in Michigan and the songs are familiar to the areas I know around the Great Lakes.lf you like balladeers, he's excellent.
olive tree, Messianic Heart is also another great cd. It makes my heart sing when I listen to this cd.
I ran across Johnsmith on Pandora. He reminded me of Gordon Lightfoot's ballad style, which I love. Would highly recommend to anyone who loves Americana ballads.
This was the first recording I bought of the Makem brothers, dreading it was some scam to capture the name recognition of the late, great, and brilliant Tommy Makem. No such worry. These two are brilliant in their own right, and carry their music forward with vim and vigor distinctive to themselves. Certainly worth the purchase.
Wow, where have you been all of my life? Stumbled upon this gem as I was music surfing and found it as I was researching a group call Bittersweet(also a great find). I'm not long-winded so just take a listen. If you like sultry singer/songwriters, then you will be soooo happy you did. She's a big part or the San Fran music scene and needs to take her show on the road....first stop Pittsburgh please!!!!
It makes me happy and full of dancey feelings.  A great addition to any SCAdian's playlist!  I'll have to get the rest of their work.
It's rare to find a musician who is able to make you laugh and cry on the same album, and rarer still to find one who can do so in the very same song, but Josh Perlman is such a musician.
His second solo outing, St. Paul, aka Paul Peterson, is a quantum shift from his debut self-titled album, but no less powerful.  The former keyboardist for The Time, and frontman for the group the Family, has kept himself busy since then with music, whether it be producing, engineering, or bolstering the budding music careers of his daughters, The Peterson Girls.In this album, more guitars and decidedly awesome vocals permeate throughout each track.  This is a must-buy, whether you're into the Minneapolis sound or just like great music, you won't be disappointed by this second outing.
One of my favorite bands is The Buttless Chaps. This is their great debut album. I love to listen to this while wearing my fringed Buttless Chaps around the house (Tough 1 Western Fringed ChapsThis band's music comes at you from all directions, including the rear. I was blindsided by this record when I first heard it. Its time for everyone to get behind this great band, and really gave them a nice slap on the rear for a job well done!
"This music is evocative and transporting, turning and returning to the beginning place, the haven of Split Tree. To those who have been there, it's an oasis, to those who haven't, a beckoning." Cat Hannah, Belmont NC."Dazzling variety of waltzes sweet, hot, sad, strange - something for every three quarter dancer!"Bejurin Cassady, Seattle waltz teacher and founder of Seattle's Waltzectera."Lovely music," says Richard Powers of Stanford University's dance division; he provided much of the leadership and encouragement that made our dance space and fine floor possible in 1996.Our first CD, "the split tree recordings: the waltzes" was recorded, designed and produced in 1999-2000 by one of Split Tree's founding artists, composer/guitarist/vocalist Walter Parks of New York City. He recorded most pieces live, some improvised, with dancers dancing in the STF studio. Parks, producer/designer, has been a part of farm happenings since he and former partner Stephanie Winters, who named the farm, performed at the first Split Tree 1994 spring festival as The Nudes, a guitar and cello duo singing original songs. One of their waltzes from their second "Boomerang" CD was donated for this CD. Walter wrote it after waltzing with Powers' teaching partner, Angela Amarillas, at the first Split Tree Viennese Ball in 1997. Parks has written a fine new original waltz for guitar and cello after waltzing with former Stanford dancer Tara Rishko at one of Richard Powers waltz weekends at Split Tree. Other original and traditional waltzes from the popular dance bands "Misbehavin'" and "Atomic City Rhythm Rascals" (see song list) in additional to pieces by Parks and Alan Dynin, Robert Jamison, and Mary Jo Strickland, will have you out of your chair and up and dancing before you can count to three. Our cover lady in evening gown is the lovely vintage dancer Lin Heilman of Cincinnati, who made her beautiful 1850s period gown for waltzing at the 1996 first double vintage dance weeks in Paris and Prague.Split Tree Farm Participatory Arts Center (home and studio completely burned August 2007) was located in the center of 200 acres in rural NW Georgia, just south of Chattanooga, TN. Special gatherings and events continue.  Special appreciation is given to donors and organizations who have made Split Tree and this CD possible: Walter Parks, Richard Powers, Don Walker, Becky Forster,  several hundred financial contributors, and other anonymous donors. And we thank the musicians on this CD: Alan Dynin, Daron Douglas, Paul Moore, Robert Jamison, Mary Jo Strickland, the Atomic City Rhythm Rascals band, and, of course, Walter Parks and Stephanie Winter of The Nudes, and Walter's two waltz partners and muses, Angela Amarillas and Tara Rishko.Also, special thanks to friend and composer Sorrel Hays for her time, support and influence over many, many years and her Southern Pitch Foundation.Sid Hetzler, April 2000 and September 2011, Split Tree Farm information: [...]
I love every song on this album with the beautiful songwriting, haunting vocals, and soulful instrumentation. I'm just waiting for them to come out with another CD!
great tune 'I'm Not a Patient Man' - lyrics vocals and guitar.  John Prine would be proud!  I keep coming back to this song on my Ipod over the years, and finally have to look it up and buy the whole album!
I have been a Wishing Chair fan since they offered their music on MP3.comOne of the very few bands that create whole albums of A+ songs. They are just as good live---which is pretty amazing.If you are looking for something to try...  This would be at my highest recommendation
[...] describing the music as...David Bowie giving Ted Nugent head, The Indigo Girls beating the The White Stripes at pool, Jack Johnson selling Beck a hit of acid, Guns n' Roses playing keep away from Moby, Weezer asking Gwen Stefani to the prom, The Strokes celebrating Purim,Iggy Pop borrowing money from Scott Weiland, Brian Wilson asking Sid Barrett for directions The Black Eyed Peas giving Nickleback cornrows, Sonic Youth arguing with Green Day about the definition of punk, Marilyn Manson doing his homework, Courtney Love giving birth to Eddie Vedder, Motley Crue learning to read,  Perry Farrell's bar mitzvah band, The Rolling Stones teaching The All-American Rejects how to rock up their coke, Coldplay in a bar fight with AC/DC, Fall Out Boy introducing System of a Down to their parents, Sinead O'Connor daring The Goo Goo Dolls to make out with Dashboard Confessionals, Kelly Clarkson masturbating...But the actual disc is something special.  It is a trippy loop spectacular combining insane vocals with deep dishes of psychodelia and alt-angst/alt-folk.  This is like a some weird amalgam of the last 50 years of music all pushed through Pro-Tools and then rinsed in a bath of X before being spun out on a disc.Well worth it!
unique instruments, haunting, beautiful music. Great for just listening to and trying to figure out what instruments are being played.
Matt does a great job with these songs.  When I put this CD on it makes me "home sick" for Alaska.  This brings back all the good memories I had while living in Anchorage.  I loved to listen to Matt sing and play his guitar.  Matt is a great entertainer.  He always puts his whole heart into his performances, and it comes through on this CD.  The CD has a good variety.  It contains some great songs about great people, Alaska stories, and fun songs too - all rolled into one great package.  Enjoy.  Congrats Matt.  Idaho Chris
This item was a gift, and the recipient was happy with it. I don't know the music on it very well, but it was an &#34;impulse&#34; purchase on the advice of a third party.
BRILLIANT, how to capture grief, despaire, disquiet.&#34;My sweet darling&#34; is my love song to my old hound.  But all the other songs are brilliant too.  Not party music :-)
'The Harp of King David' from Alemu Aga is unlike any other recording I have heard. The sensation of lying alone beneath a sky saturated with stars, eyes closed, with the original psalmist whispering in your ear accompanied by an instrument so unfamiliar as to transport you into the realm of sleep. All this for the price of a CD; what a wonderful world I live in.
Ivo Paposov and his band took New York by storm in the late 80's/early 90's. Two of the other band members along with Ivo went on to become World Music Superstars. Here is the band in its seminal unit playing a variety of Thracian, Bulgarian, and Serbian Wedding Music. If you love Klezmer, you will love the insane bani of the Papasov brothers band.
Absolutely love everything that they put out ;0)  they are wonderful. Great bedtime music. Love to wind down to this one!
Kevin Tyler has an easy to listen to voice and the words to the songs are clear.  What I love best about this album is that the songs are easy to sing along with... especially in the car when no one (I hope) is watching!!  the only thing better is listeniing to him live at the Ren Faire's.
ALL the albums are good. Each song takes you on a journey to somewhere we have all been! Keep 'em coming David. (-:
I stumbled across Robin Bullock on iTunes one day and decided to give his album a listen. Wow, I was blown away by the ability this young man has. Truly, he is tops in his musical talent and I highly recommend this album if you like fingerstyle guitar and Celtic music. Raglan Road is a magical song that transports one to a land of music like you've never heard before. I am glad I bought this album and it ranks as one of my favorite fingerstyle albums. Two thumbs up on this one.
Walt has such s great voice and most of his music is telling a story which I enjoy so much! I have this CD going in my car all the time. I enjoy it so much I bought this MP3 version for my phone so I have it anytime!
To begin with this is a speciality album. It is aimed at people interested in instrument development. You will not get the same feeling you get with a modren banjo. That said it is a delightful piece of work. But don't expect Earl Scruggs type picking.
Claudia Calderon delivers an outstanding performance of Venezuelan "Llanero Music". Her skills are superb as well as those of all the great musicians that serve as her back up band. This CD is a must have for those who collect Venezuelan music.
If you're looking for the perfect meditation, reflection, or even just driving album, I highly recommend Jennifer Friedman. Her music will groove you and her voice will sway your soul. The songs and beautiful and meaningful. I am so glad I got this album and I can't wait until another comes out!
As a beginning fiddler I search for as many resources as I can find.  This CD is a GEM!  It has great selections of the music I want to concentrate on - 1750-1840.  Many of the pieces in this album have roots much earlier than the Lewis & Clark era, so it is a perfect CD to listen to and learn from.The performance of Haste to the Wedding is one of my favorites, and their rendition of LIfe Let Us Cherish is to cherished.I maintain a playlist of fiddle tunes about which I'm very picky.  This is the only album to make it there in it's entirety.
Wow, I love this album. The gorgeous blending of these women's voices is spine-chilling. I love their eclectic mix of Celtic songs, traditional Appalachian songs and soul numbers. Incredible. Thanks!
My 2 year old daughter loves all of these songs and rhymes and sings along with the music. The book has beautiful illustrations to go with each song too. I would definitely recommend this to anyone with children learning Irish
Love all their music.  I am always watching for any new songs they release.  Crisp lovely vocals and the instrumentals are perfect.
Saw this guy in concert a couple times and had to have this album.  Ridiculous.
It's Ronnie Drew, it's The Dubliners.If anyone doesn't like him or them, then the person is brain dead. If you're new to Irish music, then this is the best to start with.
Ronnie Drew is an institution in and of himself and of course the voice of the Dubliners. This collection answers the question as to why this is so, with not a bad track and featuring Ronnie Drew in great form.I actually have a CD version , not the MP3 that is featured on Amazon but since the CD isn't available yet in the States I'd highy recommend sampling a few of these tunes and then buying the lot.Ronnie Drew isn't doing too well these days but he left quite a legacy with songs like these that will get stuck in your head the minute you hear them.
Quite a variety of great celtic music.  Makes me want to see them live.Some I have heard before by other artists and some the first time.
The choice of songs is great and they're performed with great verve, but what sets Across the Western Ocean apart are the interstitial snippets of journals and news accounts that give us context for these sea shanties and work songs. Prudes need not apply--the bawdy lyrics remind us that the crews of the sailing ships were living in a man's world. Plus, having this material at long last available in a good-sounding format is wonderful--th least time I saw these guys (admittedly, it was probably in the early '90s), all they had at the mercy table was cassette.
I love this album!  Elana's voice is beautiful!  I have been listening to it with my son since he was a newborn.  The music is soothing and catchy at the same time and makes you just want to sing along and dance.  It's a great intro to Jewish music and is kid Jewish music that parents will like too!
This is a really great CD! I love the gravelly voice, and the clever lyrics. Definitely worth it!
Kevin has a deep, mellow voice that is a pleasure to listen to, almost whatever he sings. Add to that songs that are memorable and an energy that is infectious, and you have a perfect blend. I thoroughly recommend this work -- you'll want to listen to it over and over.
What a voice! I've worn grooves on Tracks 2 & 4 on Some Day Fly Away--beautiful melodies and poetic lyrics that demand to be listened to over and over to learn every word so I can turn it up and sing along.  I look forward to this singer/songwriter's next CD--how long must we wait Kevin?
I met Sean at a Renaissanc Faire and bought this CD from him.. it is an AMAZING collection of music on different bagpipes around the world.  If you want to know anything about bagpipes, he's the man!
I don't know what's wrong with me--I love Francis Dunnery and I should know by now that my record collection will be incomplete until I track down every damned thing he's had a hand in producing and/or playing on. Honestly, until he is automatically mentioned with the great producers like Roy Thomas Baker, Alan Parsons and Sir George Martin, there will be no justice in the world. So, with that long-winded introduction, why did it take me so long to embrace Dorie's first solo recording, The Courting Ground? As FD says in the liner notes, Dorie is a true artist with a unique voice and mad songstress skills. This is a great record and has been constantly in rotation since I got it; she's cool, so don't sit around thinking about it, buy it. Play it and let it filter into your soul.
Absolutely love this Recording and dedicate all the songs, music to my dear friend and whom I considered to be a second Mother, Alexis, (12/30/1943 to 12/10/2010).
Susanna's version of The Aaronic Blessing (track 1) is my favorite.  Her music is beautifully inspring and meditative.  What more could I say?
Beautiful, Susanna is an awesome inspiring musician, I hope she does more albums.
I have been obsessed with old time music for over 10 years now, and this album, which I just discovered, has catapulted to the top of my list.  Really.  The fiddle style here is just incredible- almost cajun-esque a lot of the time, which is to say, driving and lilting at the same time.  I will be on a serious mission to learn all the tunes, and hope other people who haven't heard this great CD discover it soon.
Another reviewer gave KGB the above title.  The parentheses are mine, since I know them as a Waltz + Swing + ... band.  I would say they are one of the best dance bands anywhere.  All this music is very danceable, but many people here especially love KGB's beautiful waltzes, mostly originals composed by Dave Bartley.  "Wind in the Hills" and "The Empty Place" are exquisite.  Also check out their other albums.Highly recommended whether you are a dancer or just like folk/bluegrass-type music.
This really is a gem.  My favorite tracks are the They-Might-Be-Giants-like "Cubist State of Mind" and "Mabel," alone with the touching "Spirit of Christmas" which has a kind of Celtic/Jethro Tull feel.  The mesh of influences on this album (which include didgeridoo and accordion solos throughout) is diverse and keep the album fresh from beginning to end.  I love it!
This fine slab of sound has been floating around the globe since 2006. It's now seeing official release in the United States, just months ahead of Hanvey's upcoming album Nuclear Family. We can only hope that the Irish-born artist's next effort is half as good as Steaf&aacute;n Hanvey and The Honeymoon Junkies. Its 13 songs are evidence of a master craftsman at work, whether on the opening track "Rooms", or other songs like "My Woman (Ode to You)" and "Fair Weather Friend". Each of those seems likely to find purchase on American AAA radio, as well as in the repertoire of younger singer-songwriters who will soon be uttering Hanvey's name in oh-so-reverent tones. Hanvey has recently relocated to the U.S., a sure sign that we're likely to see him on the touring circuit a great deal in the future.  - Pop Matters
I wish the lyrics were available on-line!Will try the songs with my grandson tomorrow.Thanks to the artists for such a loving piece of art.
Very nice, Now if only she could cut a whole album that would be great!
This is the epitome of the Adirondacks in song and if you cannoy understand this Album then you need a vacation. I pine for the Adirondacks, it is the one place that I feel whole and rich brings this feeling throughout Adirondack roots. The lyrics are great the feeling real and genuine,I highly reccomend this album for anyone that feels the irresistible pull of the North Country. Adirondacks I will be with you one day!
Discovering her talent is like finding that perfect sand dollar on the beach. Accompanying herself with masterful guitar fingerpicking and viola, her delicate and resonant voice, reminiscent of Joan Baez, is both captivating and addictive. Not repetitive, each song is a gem. My favorite cd, I want to share it with everyone.
The vocal harmonies of the African choirs are hauntingly beautiful. In their voices I can picture the face of joy amidst poverty.  The songs by American artist, Todd Miller, have an African-inspired, but uniquely American feel.  It made me feel like Todd was walking through rural Tanzania trying to express as best he could, in his own musical style, what he saw and felt.  This soundtrack is half Pure African, but 100% Inspired.
Amazing voice, powerful lyrics, great music, and songs you can actually sing along with -- what more could you ask?  I bought this twice!
This CD of Klezmer music offers a depth of tone that makes you long for old analog recordings.  Listening to "Redheaded Walt" or "Fifteen Feet of Snow" makes you feel like the violinist is standing right next to you.  A very interesting collection of music and a wonderful well rounded recording.
it has awesome pace and rock to a lot of the songs. also seems like he has really fine folk experience. i really love this album.
Michael Waite is a talented guy. If you enjoy cleanly sung and recorded folksy music, you will probably enjoy this. (On the other hand, if you're more of a fan of raw/lo-fi sounds, this might not suit your tastes.) I challenge you to listen to this album without smiling once. "Spread the Love Around" is one of the highlights. (I can't imagine listening to this song and not feeling happy by the end of it.) "Bedtime Prayer" is a complete surprise that shows the range and talent of this fine musician.I purchased and enjoyed this album as a young, wild person, but I can just as easily see this as an album you would play on a road trip with your family. It was lovingly written and put together, and it shows.
This is my favorite Christmas album of all that I have and I have many.  I have put it on all of my music players and it is the only one I want to listen to this year.
If you like Daniel O'Donnel, you'll love this music. It is indeed Christmas, but with an Irish flare. The recording is great, as usual. I like his arrangements.
This debut album by the pagan-folk band Valravn really showcases the strengths of the group: singer Egilstrod's haunting and unique vocal style, Juan Pino's percussive brilliance, the sometimes muted but always enchanting musical melodies of Martin Seeberg and Soren Hammerlund. That being said, it is not a perfect album. Some tracks are less inspired than others. This album, not surprisingly, is not quite so strong an effort as the band's second album, Koder Pa Snor. Nevertheless, it is definitely worth checking out for any Valravn fan, or anyone who is interested in daring music that blends both traditional and modern elements, and the price is more than reasonable.
Listening to this music brings back both wonderful and challenging years of Days Gone By. Memories of things we may wish we could do again and things we wished we could have done differently. Listen close and it may remind you of your years gone by...Very Nice Music Indeed.
Lui na Greine means the time of day when the sun is just setting - a peaceful and beautiful time to reflect on the beauties of nature and the world around us. The Gaelic language is rich with terms like this, and it is reflected in their music.Seosamh Mac Grianna ( known locally as Joe Mhici Jimi ) is from Rann na Feirste, a small rural peninsula in the Rosses, near Gweedore in the Co. Donegal Gaeltacht. The entire region is rich with Irish tradition and culture, and is a stronghold of Irish Gaelic, music, and poetry. Many talented people spring from this area, including such well-known groups and musicians as Enya, Clannad, and Altan.Joe's music is strongly rooted in the native language and traditions of his people. He has been playing the feadog (pennywhistle) since he was 7.  He told me it was a "lucky bag" plastic instrument that his aunt gave him for Christmas! Joe said; "I learned my first tune myself, but on both sides, my parents had music. My father whistled, and knew many tunes. If he heard a tune, he learned it, and that's the way I was then, too. My mum was an O Donnell (of the famous singing family that includes Triona and the late Miheal of Bothy Band fame) and a lovely singer. She sang the old traditional Irish songs. Though she died when I was very young, I can remember her, and she was known in the family and community for her singing."Joe plays the whistle and accordion, as well as the flute and fife. He is a world-class musician, and several of the tunes are his own compositions. Track 1 - Gearradh na g Cnamh ("cutting the bones") refers to his trade as a butcher, Track 6 - Ruamheirg, refers to the rusty-brown colored water that is common in the area, which he thought was appropriate for the tune, Track 9 - Mallai 'n Ghabha (Blacksmith's Hill) was where an old blacksmith lived, where Joe took his pony to be shoed, and Liam Dubh (Black WIlliam) was a next-door neighbor and a local character and great jokester and storyteller, Track 12 - Caislean an Bhainne (Castle Milk) was where Joe's wife was raised in Glasgow, Scotland.He is joined on the CD by the multi-talented Manus Lunny of Capercaillie on the bouzouki, guitar, keyboards, and bodhran, Michael McGoldrick (also of Capercaillie) on the flute, Steven Campbell on the fiddle and viola, John Michael O Donnell on the guitar, and Joe's son, Joe Og, on the flute. Seosamh is extremely grateful for their help and support, and said; "But for John Michael and Joe Og's putting the pressure on me, I don't know if I would have made this recording." We can all be grateful to them as well for producing this excellent album of traditional Irish music.-- Seamus mac an tailleur
I knew of Tim White, the Bluegrass promoter, from the TV show "Song of the Mountains" before I knew he was "the man" behind the Possum Tapes. A bit of research and I found he has fronted bands for years. He is also a respectable banjoist.Before I purchased my own Possum Tapes, I heard a friend's cassette. Wow, was it ever funny and entertaining, with its possum theme and a power house of Bluegrass stars backing Tim.Jimmy Martin, Jim & Jesse McReynolds, Roy Husky Jr., and Glen Duncan are tops. Jimmy was the King of Bluegrass. Jim & Jesse were (debatably) the best brother harmony group in Bluegrass history. Roy was considered by many as the ultimate studio bassist. His discography includes the famous "Circle Be Unbroken" and albums as a band member with Emmy Lou. Then there is Glen Duncan, who may be the most versatile studio fiddler ever. The list of albums he has played on and the variety of genres in his discography speaks for itself.Traditional Bluegrass themes have included murder, mayhem, love-gone-wrong, and Mama. There have been too few albums that are all about humor. Possum Tapes takes the cake, but it does have a parody "Mama song." It old tunes with new names, like Pattie (as in roadkill pattie) On The Turnpike.Five Pounds of Possum is worth the cost of the whole album.
These fiddlers set the benchmark for everyone else that competes in Texas fiddle contest.  The tunes are old standards, but the music is positively "Texas" flavored!  The entire album is pure ear candy!!!
I have enjoyed listening to this album since I got it. Exceptional arrangements and vocal treatments on selected songs make this album a must have for tango lovers.  It is a very worthwhile purchase!!
This was done as a project, interviewing a number of people and writing from their perspective.  It is excellent writing, a very good demonstration of superior craftsmanship.  in one or two cases, he uses the same lyrical and melodic technique to emphasize an ending line, but that does not take away from the skill and presentation.  Blue Tattoo is an incredible piece of songwriting.
This album is amazing! The song writing and musical talent will grab you right away. And then, you'll find yourself humming the tunes over and over again. And the lyrics will come up at just the moment you need them. This will be the album you always want to listen to when you have a moment. You'll want to share it with your friends -- it's a cut above the other singer song-writers out there.The stories are very compelling and the instrumentals will stop you in your tracks.  There's something very magical about this album!
We are vibrational beings and we are happiest and healthiest when we are in harmony with the world and with ourselves. The sound of the human voice is one of the most powerful ways to pull us back into that state. The words and music on the CD Awaken guide you gently into an altered state where all things seem possible. The haunting voice and vocalizations of Aleya Dao seem to come from another plane of existence, drawing you up and out of yourself to play in the ethers. Like an angelic siren she calls you to remember where you came from and "journey home, my love, and come back to your soul."This CD was created in collaboration with Grammy award winning composer and producer Barry Goldstein, who is also a healer. The combination has created a powerful experience focused on awakening the listener to the essence of their oneness and helping them move into the bliss of that knowing.
Simple and elegant composition, powerfully and playfully voiced.Live recording typically have some noise distracting one from the music.This one was spellbound.Superb
There always seems to be distortion and excessive noise in live albums, but aside from a little clapping and some spoken intros this seems more like a studio album than a live one. Some of her best songs are included here, including my personal favorites "Creature of the Wood" and "Black Jack's lady." Definitely worth picking up, and if you're like me and tend to avoid live albums, here's letting you know that the quality of this one is excellent.
I have been exploring my Celtic and Scottish roots.  I have found myself drawn more and more to bagpipes with a modern twist.  Pryden delivers!  One would never think bagpipes would work with Rock, but thanks to the precedent set by AC/DC and carried on by Pryden, you have some great Bag-Rock!
These guys rock, those you tube videos don't do justice for their music.  Hope one day to catch them live.
This is an amazing album with lots of great Americana style songs on it. The story behind this album is so interesting - how Kenny Schick traveled to Australia to meet his now wife, how hard it was to be so far from home and losing one's dreams and hopes to only find them in a different way. The album is dark yes but also hopeful. Kenny Schick is a musician's musician. When you listen to the songs a few times you realize how complex and intricate it all is. Kenny Schick is also a well known as a masterly saxophone player in the Bay Area and has played with some great musicians over the years. This album is purely acoustic guitar which shows off his inventiveness and style. He also recorded and produced this. This is not your average 'singer song writer' kinda guy... this is a guy that has worked hard at his craft all his life.
This CD has all you need to practice SPB. The full songs, tempos, and snippets with guitar are great to rehearse to.
authentic pure flamenco to practice with. a little pricey compared to others but i see why after listening to it. These people are masters of their art, not students like some of the other mp3's... other artists are good but not phenomenal. can't wait to practice with the tientos rhythm.
This compilation is excellent. It's hard to classify Humanwine in a genre because they have such a distinct and unique sound. Holly has an incredible and clear voice while the instruments they use are random and create such awesome songs. They sound punk/circus/cabaret/gypsy. IDK they are wicked and I highly recommend this band!
This is one of my favorite albums and even better that she is from my home town.  For "Adore" to "Indiana", her songs are good for the soul.
While "Find Me" doesn't have the fireworks of her 1998 "Many Worlds Are Born Tonight," the songs on Happy Rhodes' 2007 "Find Me" are beautiful, interesting, and emotionally compelling.  Repeated listenings are very rewarding.  The instrumentation is complex, with multi-layered vocals, state-of-the-art synths and effects, and an array of ethnic percussion.  Her songs grow organically, and with a good dose of prog rock sensibility, with songs unfolding into small journeys.  My favorites tracks are 'Find Me,' 'Can't Let Go,' and 'Treehouse,' but in truth every track has hooks of fascination that pull the listener in.
If you're interested in old-time and you don't know this album, get it and listen repeatedly!! Hoffmann's fiddling has a wonderful soft treble lift that makes you smile and want to stand up and dance.  Mac Benford is a living legend of easy-going, dance-happy banjo doodling with some really wonderful melodies floating about everywhere.  Everything in this album fits together perfectly and brings me away to a dance hall full of cheerful friends and neighbors on a summer afternoon.Oh, and did I mention talent? Mac Benford and John Hoffmann are AMAZING, but they're not show-offs by any means. "It's About Time" you enjoyed these really wonderful recordings.
I saw the Youtube video of "Subdivisions" on the roof and was so impressed by this cover of my favorite song that I did some more looking.  What a gold mine I have found.  The covers are so tastefully done, they match up with the originals.Moon's originals are great as well.  "Just Like You" is wonderful song.  If you are reading this, Jacob, God gave you much talent and you are taking great care of it.  From the guitar work, to the smooth vocals, to the loops and creativity in the presentation, this stuff should be listened to by the world.  As a musician, I really find inspiration in your abilities.  Keep it up!
I freely admit, I took a listen to this album because I saw a news clip about Jacob's "Subdivisions" cover, and how Geddy Lee reportedly loved it. I figured, anything Ged likes must be worth a listen (yes, Rush fanaticism strikes again! Rush is a *band*, you know?). Listening to The Loop turned out to be well worth it, In fact, instead of buying the one song, I bought the entire album. Jacob, I agree with the other reviewer that you have a lot of talent. I look forward to seeing what you do in the future. Highly recommended.
Not much to say other than this is a terrific CD full of wonderful music making. Not just a series of showoffy pyrotechnical stuff either. There is, of course, some spectacular technical prowess from all concerned but it is a very musically satisfying experience which makes you wish you were there to witness it in person!So, stop reading this review and just buy it! Go on... you know you want to... You'll not regret it.
Steve is an incredible songwriter and singer. That craftsmanship alone is worth getting this CD. However, fans of guitarist Danny Gatton cannot miss this jewel.This is some of Gatton's best work. I have a feeling Danny was given free reign in the studio, to play from his heart. Danny often felt constricted, and compelled to play with all the bells, buzzers, and whistles of which he was capable to please the crowd. He confessed in an interview with NPR that, if it were up to him, his playing wouldn't be quite as flashy all the time.This is the other side. Certainly, Danny's mastery of the guitar cannot be missed on this album, but it is quiet, tasteful, elegant. The guitar solo to "In Fall" will bring tears to your eyes, and perhaps ranks among Danny's best solos of all time. This is the sound of Danny's soul.
I grew up watching reruns of old westerns of singing cowboys and have always loved these old songs.  This album is simply well sang and was enjoy by my husband and myself.  If you like good vocals and accompanied by a guitar you should like this.
Would recommend to anyone who likes folk/country style of worship music. I've really enjoyed it, and have used a couple of the arrangements for our church.
The music on this album is fantastic. I purchased it back in 2011, and I have listened to it nearly every day since. The variety of music, combined with the beautiful vocals, combined with the wonderful, deep songs make it worth listening to over and over and over. I wish I could say more good things about it, but there are only so many words one can use. I would recommend this album to anyone.
Hardly noticed and thus highly underrated - this album is the best one for poetry and strange sound effects. Like Mark Twang, this album is just him and his instruments (and strange sound effects he creates and asks you to sing along with). The hit single should be &#34;Can't Stand To Throw Anything Away.&#34;  The touchingest love song with a note about current sociological issues is &#34;Interstate Waltz&#34;  and to quote a line from &#34;More Big Bull Fiddle Fun&#34; - &#34;he is a multifaceted artist with many spigots!&#34; And for your dose of strange effects, don't forget &#34;The All Collision All Explosion Song.&#34;
Lush, beautiful harmonies. Clever original songs and original arrangements of others' songs. What's not to love? I aspire to bring that same sensibility to my own wench troupe in Hoggetowne, Florida. Thanks for the inspiration!
This is a compilation of some of her previously released songs, nearly all of which are favorites of mine. Buffalo gals is, of course, an old song and a bit of a classic. Don't Stop Lovin' Me and Last Dance are love songs. Her Melancholy Muse has a lovely melody which shows off Eliza's light and lilting voice to good advantage. But they're not all sweet and pretty songs. Rosie Strike Back is an angry song of encouragement to a woman who has been abused. Two songs about stars --- one in English and one in Spanish.I have this on CD and bought it on MP3 to take with me on long car trips. It's a sing-along kind of record.
"Here's to the Men," and indeed, all of the Merry Wives' albums, are top of my "favorites" list in Folk.Generally speaking, I'm not a fan of women's folk. The voices tend to be wispy and ethereal. Nice enough for background music, but I want folk albums that I can sing along with (or if nobody's watching, dance to), tunes that make the three-hour drive to the Renaissance Festival more tolerable.This album is singable, danceable, and drive-able. The songs are bold and energetic, fast-tempo, and completely singable. The voices are clean, good harmonies that sound artless and natural. The lyrics on this album are great fun, mostly a little on the bawdy side (Their earlier work, particularly "Now Our Revels Begin"--I think that's what it's titled--are a little more traditional, and if you only can buy one folk track this year, their version of "Those Endearing Young Charms" is a bright, sparkly gem).Next album please! I need my fix!
Awesome CD. The next best thing to seeing these guys live. The tunes stick in your head and they've got some good versions of old classics. Highly recommended if you like Irish music/Flogging Molly/The Pogues/etc.
OK, in the interests of what they call "full disclosure," let me say that John Martucci and LuAnne Thompson (or as they've only recently become: "John AND LuAnne Martucci) are friends of mine, as is Melissa Holland.  They are wonderful people all--and they are also very talented musicians, vocalists and songwriters.  (And if I didn't honestly think so, I'd just be mum--but as it is, I am all too happy to do whatever I can to spread the word about this remarkable record.)These three artists have their own distinctive styles, but they do share a sense of whimsy that dominates several tracks.  Melissa Holland's songs are especially witty, especially "Barbie 2000," "I Can See Me," and "Who Cares (Who's Getting Married)" which seems especially timely in these post-Prop 8 days.  Her "Troubadour" is a heartfelt homage to indie musicians everywhere and opens the album with a real flourish.As a real life couple, John and LuAnne's numbers often seem seamlessly complementary.  I don't know if the sequencing of LuAnne's "Life Goes On" and John's "Gratitude" one after the other was completely intentional, but it's inspired programming nevertheless.  Both are thoughtful meditations on life, death and the meaning we impose on both.The vocals are spot on.  LuAnne's country leanings are apparent on several tracks, and her "Cabin On A Hill" would fit comfortably on any (trad) C&W; station's programming.  When the three harmonize, it's close to perfection.  Special thanks are given to legendary singer--and vocal coach--Penny Nichols, and another legendary contemporary folk singer, David Roth, guests on one track (although fans might not immediately recognize him).  It's all enhanced by Vito Petrocitto's very capable production.  Upstate NY and its environs are indeed well represented on this disc.John, LuAnne and Melissa will certainly continue to make engaging music, but this album is--at it turns out--something of a one-shot.  The trio split shortly after this CDs release.  A shame, in a way, since the vocal blend is just soooo good.  But I'll look forward to whatever these three gifted musicians come up with in the future.  For now, I'll continue to enjoy this charming, and often moving record.
The fact that these guys never got signed absolutely baffles me. Turn Up the Faders is a classic along with every other song on this CD.
Have not heard some of these for years.  My grandkids love them and my three daughters remember several from elementary school and sing along!
I downloaded/ bought this so that I could make a cd for my Dad for Christmas.  He really liked it and so do I!  Thank you for making it available!
I bought this years ago and for me it's one of those "desert island" CDs, absolutely essential.  I've listened to it hundreds of times. It is unlike anything else- spiritual (any denomination from Taoist to Christian to Pagan), with chanting in places, rhythmic, and mostly acapella.  It celebrates being human and alive.  The harmonies are gorgeous.  I defy anyone to remain down or mired in problems after listening to this.  It's celebratory, yet earthy and grounded (definitely human, not angelic or ethereal, there's nothing "sweet" about it).  This is empowering music, ideal for feeling in touch with the universe and yourself while getting things done!  I wish I could think of something to liken it to, but it's utterly unique.  Definitely music you find yourself singing along with.
Saw him doing a free concert in the park.  He is one of the most awesome performers I have ever seen.  Sounds spectacular live.  His music will move you and lift your spirits.  I put his cd in and am put in a mood that helps me float through my day.  Can't say enough about him!!!
This is an incredible selection of songs--lots of them! I loved how we got so much more than the standard 10 songs. Each of these songs is a little bit different, all with the flair of Breinholt's unique talent. It's a bit of folk music, easy listening, contemporary, country, all rolled into one album.Definitely a keeper.
It's the standard that all professional and amateur musicians turn to. There are few to none playing at open and closed sessions who don't know his CD. Irish music at its very best.
One of the greatest Celtic albums ever produced as well as the companion album Portland. Saw these two gentlemen perform in the early 80's, they were outstanding! Great music!
I love this live recording. While these is not all traditional tunes, the band understands and respects the genre. It is real people having a great time making great music. My favorite is "Groovy Scooby". Where else could you get a name like that for a bagpipe tune? I wish I was there for the recording.
This is a group full of life and fun. The Celtic traditions and Texas enthusiasm blend into a good time had by all - both band and listener.
From the hearfelt to the humoristic, Kol B'Seder shows that Jewish music doesn't have a nagila in it to be memorable!The ensemble's members, who started modernizing Jewish music as students, may have since become a rabbi and cantor respectively, has never given up expressing youthful awe.  The years have just made their work more profound without any lost edge.Kol B'Seder reminds us, as their Hebrew name implies, that great music can put it all in order!
Eric makes a CD. I buy it. See? Simple. When you find an artist that is truly talented, dedicated to his music and his fans, and willing to put himself heart and soul into his efforts, what isn't to like?If he comes to your town, go see him. I guarantee you, one live show and you will be hooked like the rest of us.
I don't remember how I first learned about Eric Himan, but I am glad that I did. He is very talented and Resonate is a wonderful album. It is one of the few albums I have purchased where I can happily listen to every song. I eagerly await his next release and I will be checking out his touring schedule.Buy this album.
I have loved Gaia Consort (now known as Bone Poets Orchestra) for years, and Vitus Dance is one of my favorite albums from the group. The music ranges from the ethereal to the silly. If you enjoy their sound, I would absolutely recommend that you purchase this album!
this album was my introduction to this amazing band. it isnt often that I like a whole album, but this one is definitely one I never tire of.I have several of their albums and just purchased 2 of their albums they released under the name Bone poets Orchestra. give them a listen, I think you'll like them
Great lyrics, modern folk songs with just the right amount of pop! Lisa is a joy to listen to, her voice and lyrics are crystal clear.  Music that lifts you up as you journey with her.
I cannot stop listening to this CD. The music is uplifting and you cannot help feeling good after listening. I keep it in the car so I can enjoy beautiful music on the road.
Cantor Erik Contzius has captured the flavor and richness of our musical heritage. His music is wonderful and a real treat for the Jewish communities of today.
Really awesome cd!!! I listen to it in the morning.  You don't really have to understand the words to enjoy the outstanding singing and the music. The cd helps set the right tone for the entire day.  I recommend it heartily to everyone!
Listen to the samples.  Buy it!  I did and was not disappointed.  I now have 2 downloads of the Huckleberries' work.
what great tunes, wonderful story telling and great imagery. I'm Looking forward to hearing more from this artist! - Much to do about nothing
Saint Milkweed is a masterpiece of contemporary folk, tinged with traditional influences. I love the raw, organic nature of the recordings and the minimal sensibility. It allows the power of the songs to speak for themselves, and the songwriting is what shines here, along with the delicate guitar work. This is a strong debut, and leaves little to be desired. I recommend it if you like Iron and Wine, Jose Gonzalez, Alexi Murdoch, Paul Simon, Bob Dylan, Townes Van Zandt, Leonard Cohen, and other solo acoustic troubadours.
This album features many of David's best songs played live in Fergus Falls. I was fortunate to be in the audience. David's music tells stories....most sprinkled with good humor. Take the "circle song" or "harley guy" and you'll understand his contemporary folk genre. But the haunting song "Winter" is one of those few songs that grab you on the first listening, one that keeps you coming back for more. Highly recommended artist!
I obviously love Dolores' unique voice and style.  For those who do not understand Gaelic, and want English songs from her, this is the album for you!  As always, she transports us to another place and time with her magical voice.
An excellent songwriter with a great personal touch in concert.  These songs have heart.
Like others here have posted, this is a severely underrated indie album. Check out the samples here, but if you enjoy acoustic-driven indie music then you'll love this couple's work. Although their group is religious in nature, the lyrical content is not overtly so, and they mostly speak in metaphors. The first 5 tracks (particularly "Solomon Song"), "Now", and "Around My Neck" (perhaps the most religious, lyrically) are my personal favorites.
This is an amazing romantic journey into relationship of the Bride Groom and His Bride.  If you like raw, artsy, poetic music that actually means something, this is a great album for you.  It can bring you to tear.  The music and lyrics are powerful.  Much of it is inspired by the Song of Songs.
Love John Hartford.
Both this first Slinkombas album from 1979 and the follow up "...Og Bas Igjen" are among the finest Scandinavian folk I've heard. The music is equal parts stellar playing and beautiful singing. Though I'm more into the instrumental side of folk music, I was mesmerized by the vocal tracks. The Hardanger fiddle and woodwind sounds are equally amazing. Let this be a place to start if you are new to Scandinavian folk, then explore Haugaard & Hirup, V&auml;sen, and Groupa. And don't stop there, either: there is no shortage of great folk performers in the northern reaches of the world!
A different take on Ann and her performances.  Great songs as well as dialogue from a live concert.  Gives her fans a chance to get to know her on a deeper level.  For those of us who have never had a chance to attend an Ann Reed performance, this is a special treat.  Two grateful thumbs up!!
I'm usually not a huge fan of folk music, but something about this album is just amazing.  The songs are alternately funny (Tea and Corpses), heartbreaking (Signal to Noise, Postmortem on Our Love), and simply a joy to listen to (Knickerbocker Line/Drowsy Maggie, Morrison's).  The harmony Emma Bull and The Fabulous Lorraine establish in all their songs is captivating.  The only criticism I have of this album is that most of my favorite songs by the two are contained on their second and third albums.Worth listening to time and time again.
I love the old hymn-tunes, but I love them in non-smarmy versions. This CD is absolutely lovely - solo violin (fiddle really) and guitar in peaceful, joyful, respectful interpretations of classic hymn tunes. There are no words - you do not have to be Christian to enjoy this music. It is music to calm and inspire, without being insipid.
This album beautifully presents traditional O'Carolan pieces arranged in authentic ways. If you are seeking to enlarge your library of O'Carolan music, this is a wonderful addition. If you are seeking traditional harp music played with grace and beauty, this is the album for you. I frequently listen to this album while I sleep, while I paint, for stress relieving meditation.
I have no idea why these guys aren't far better known, this is an incredible album.Stone Walls is the highlight, being a beautiful song and very very well written, but all of the songs are great!
With a deep almost sullen folk sound this is a great album for anyone who appreciates good soulful old-time sounding music. The understated strumming with the alternating harmonizing and melody lines in the fiddle really gives Three Tall Pines a good contemplative front porch sound.  If you like artists like Devil Makes Three, Trampled By Turtles, The Avett Brothers or Old Crow Medicine show I would definitely give this album a shot
Progressive bluegrass at its finest. I cannot find a bad track on this album. Not much more to say since music is objectionable to each person.
This is my fav Three Tall Pines CD. Beautiful vocal harmonies and a great CD to listen to walking through the Giant Forest on a foggy afternoon. I wish these guys woyuld tour out west sometime. Millpond Muisc Festival would be a GREAT venue for them. Hint, hint.
Katie Renton delivers her songs with a sweetness and charm that makes you want to listen to more.  Her engaging spirituality glistens with "Offering."  All of her songs have something special to "offer."  They exude Celtic flavor in their simplicity and heartfulness.  A must buy!!!
This is the first album, to my knowledge, comprised of songs that were COMPLETELY written and recorded by musicians in different parts of the world. The fact that no two people sat together to record/compose (or Kompoz as it were) these songs is a true testament to the power of the internet and modern recording.
We have witnessed the complete overvaluation of music in the 80's and 90's, when prepackaged pablum was all that was available through the retail outlets and FM radio. Then we witnessed the complete devaluation of music as a commodity with the advent of Napster and peer to peer file sharing.Now, I think, we are seeing a correction in this market, where the artists are happy to see their audience pay for their work in accordance with the value the audience places on the product. The public has vastly greater choices in the music they can experience, and finds the artist so much more accessible than at any time in the past.As a musician, I now see the reward in the process itself, not in any far sided chance of financial gain. I believe this is a true correction, and the righting of public perception to what music should have been all along. No longer can the industry build effective corrals in which to show the public that which they say is worthy of their money. Now it is just a matter of exposing this music through online music distributors, with the only requirement being that of the time it takes to listen. The financial reward is secondary, and this, I believe, corrects the focus of those who create the music. I believe this to be a cultural change. We are experiencing a total rethinking of music as product vs music as art.Venues like Kompoz.com are an integral part of this revolution. The quality of music on this cd is consistent, there is not just one or two good songs.. this is an extended cd with nothing short of stellar workmanship from conception to packaging. I too contributed to one track, and I am very grateful to be a part of it. Not because I am part of a commercially released cd. I am grateful to be a part of this revolution.
First, let me disclose that I am one of the musicians that performed on this CD.  I am also the producer.The music on this CD is truly unique.  It was created by 45 musicians, who have never met, brought together in the online world through Kompoz.com.  Working from all over the map, from the comfort of their home studios, these independent artists composed (we like to say "kompozed") and recorded these songs under the open collaborative licensing of the Creative Commons, inviting anyone to contribute to each and every song.For example, the song I contributed to is Track #11, titled "Down To The River".  On that song the drummer recorded his part in Kansas, the bass player in Stockholm, Sweden, the keyboard player Ohio, the singer in Chicago, and the lead guitar player in Miami, Florida.  Every song on this CD was created like that, with regular people from all over the world using the Internet to collaborate and create awesome new music!This is the future of music.
Messy, disorderly, alcoholic, brilliantly talented.  CD First play opened in 1954 in Dublin.  Not too long before he died in 1964, Behan was &#34;the rage&#34; of New York with a hit play, The Hostage, on Broadway and a gossip page &#34;private&#34; life that killed him.This record (which I got when it was new, lost, and am glad to reclaim, includes real Irish song, parody, reminiscence, drinking songs, wonderful moments of &#34;bad taste&#34; and real humor.  It shows his tough cynical side but not much of his gentle sadness which was his private life.If you are interested, and I would heartily recommend you should be, buy this CD, a copy of his gritty autobiography The Quare Fellow, and then find a revival of The Hostage.  But the CD is a really good start!
I don't get to read as much as I used to.  Well, at least, not what I would like to read.  Lately I've been reading about Flex SDK's, Combinatorics, and Graph Theory.  Gone are the days when I would curl up with Riders to the Sea or The Quare Fellow.  I've stopped reading about Innisfree; and I've forgotten about O'Leary's grave.  Still, at least I can listen to this, smoke me pipe, and perhaps have a drop of the craythur.
If you have been to outdoor music festivals in southern Minnesota, you may well have heard this funny, sentimental, and talented folk quartet.  "Water" is probably their strongest album and contains a great mix of some of their better known tunes.  The title song is great, but listen to their rendition of "Canned Goods" and the original "Snowfoot Waltz" are real standouts.  Well worth a listen.
I purchased this cd of live recordings after hearing Thyme Awaye on IRFT Celtic Radio on the internet.  Her song Captain Bold made my heart sing right along with her!!  If you want good, fun music, then Thyme Awaye is the artist for you!!!  I give it 5 stars!!!!
I Love these ladies!!  I find I hum their sweet songs all day long and it makes me happy!  Brings a smile to my face just thinking of them!