Thank goodness for sampling, I listened to Cherry Pie by Warrant and that was enough.  Not the original artists, don't spend a penny!
As of right now, the download of this album has a lot of problems. It sounds like a scratched CD that is skipping. It does it quite frequently throughout. I've contacted amazon to let them know about it. Hopefully it gets fixed because this is a rad album. Unless it gets fixed, I would avoid this download. I deleted it from my hard drive and re-downloaded it from the cloud player just to be sure there is something wrong with the digital album that Amazon is offering. Again, hopefully it gets fixed because then it would be worth the money!
It did not play. I couldn't get the cd to play at all.. This was my first bad experience with amazon
Firstable, Estatic fear is the greatest band I have ever heard.I am a collector, Therefore I collect CD's which has booklets that includes Pictures of the band and LyricsI bought the Two albums of Estatic fear (Somnium Obmutum and A Sombre Dance)on this website, Amazon.comwhen I got the package I was surprised to see that it containes the CD and a booklet..but!The booklet was two pages long.. inside the "booklet" was a blue photo of the sea.. NO LYRICS INSIDE, NO PHOTOS OF THE BANDjust a blue view of the sea (Which is DEFINETLY NOT what supose to be inside)and the covering.. a disgrace.. just one picture of the real cover in small size.. surounded by black and blue frame (just like on the photo here on the website)Like I said.. I'm a collector! I can hear music on the internet! I don't need a CD for this..I need the real frames and coverings of the albums..so if anyone is a collector and thought of buying here.. DON'T!
Sorry, but I am not happy with this album.It arrived perfect and just in time, but it is not an original album.I can't remember if it is said somewhere in the decription, but I didn't see anything.Also, for being a copy, it is expensive.
IF you are like me and bought the first Speak no evil and loved it, then I wouldn't advise getting this. I just listened to the samples and they sound horrible, Rap rocking and electronics thrown in, what happened to the band that sounded like Alice in Chains or Soundgarden I don't know but this ain't them do yourself a favor skip this and get "No Pleasantries" By "UPO"
It wasn't acc should of looked at it closer she did a great job though I don't like to by cover artist love to watch them at bars though not acdc
album is terrible, I didn't even mean to download/purchase it.  my phone was a little too sensitive as I was running on the treadmill.
This is the same old death metal that you can find in a thousand other stores with the same sound but different name.not impressed at all.
Total scam, it says that you are buying the whole album but you only get one song (and it's a great album, 2 great albums actually) but this download is totally a rip off.
I purchased this because it was purported to be the entire Murphy's Law "Back with a Bong" album - a great old album - but instead only got the "A Day in the Life" track.  Not a bad track, but the title and prior reviews are completely misleading, as you will NOT receive the entire Murphy's Law album, let alone 2 like the one review stated.  You will ONLY get the Day in the Life track.
...don't download this drivel.Cheap synth meanderings, soapbox-spoken word over trash-metal (yes, that's TRASH, not "thrash"), and the appropriately-titled (just about the only appropriate thing about this "album") "Why?"'s barfing into the microphone do not a worthwhile 22 minutes, let alone $8.91, $5, or even $2 make.To the "artist": For everyone's sake, including your own, please keep "Z3rocool" as your gamertag, and ONLY your gamertag.
If you are looking for the band Alt-J, do not purchase this!!! I was completely deceived. Do not make the same mistake that I did...
Just listen to the previews. To call this amateurish is being generous. Garage bands from the 60's did better. From top to bottom it's horrible. Very sloppy musicianship with guitar and percussion out of synch with each other on many tracks. Overmoderlated mic with plenty of effects to hide the poor vocals. Plus the subject matter on many of the songs are of an unChristian cultic nature. Think David Koresh but with less musical talent. Not worth purchasing.
I am a Metal / Industrial enthusiast big time. It's my favorite genre, and what's more, a lot of my favorite songs and favorite artists are on this compilation. Would you be surprised to hear that I can't stand it?What they do is take a bunch of great songs by great bands, then have them remade or remixed by other bands, with few exceptions (one being the Electric Hellfire Club, who are remaking their own hit). At best, they fix what isn't broken and make the song less interesting; at worst, they completely destroy the song's appeal. Take &#34;A Drug Against War&#34; by KMFDM: awesome song when KMFDM did it on Angst (a better album to get than this one, btw); abysmal song when Razed in Black turn it into a rave. KMFDM has a sense of humor and upbeat rhythm that is truly rare in industrial metal bands. Razed in Black has nothing but atmosphere. Then you have En Esch, whom I like a lot on his own terms, remaking Nine Inch Nails Terrible Lie. En Esch just doesn't have the near psychotic angst and anger to pull it off convincingly. It's not terrible as a cover, but it is terrible by Esch's standards. Another example: 16 Volt also remakes a KMFDM song. I love 16 Volt: American Porn Songs one of my most listened to albums--and great for working out! But how could anyone tell that 16 Volt has any songwriting talent from the awful rendition of Don't Blow Your Top on this album?!KMFDM, 16 Volt, Electric Hellfire (more selectively), and other bands here are great. But this album has no soul. These guys aren't being artistic and following their inspiration--they're making money and trying to cull a larger audience, though it's hard for me to believe anyone could be turned onto their music from listening to this noise-compilation.I've got nothing against them trying to make money, and I encourage you all to support some of the artists on this CD by buying or downloading one of their *good* albums from Amazon. But as a music critic without a lot of money to throw away, I cannot condone paying for a copy, digital or otherwise, of this desperate attempt to make money.
Wow. I met one of these guys (drummer I think). He had the stupidity to try and ruin things for a band I was working with at the time. He tried to dictate what I could do/not do for the band in the music store he was working in at the time, as if he had some say as to what my band does. I had been working with that band for 10 yrs by that time.What a complete idiot. I refuse to do anything with any band that goes out of their way to sabotage another band this stupidly.
I didn't know that Toad The Wet Sprocket had a greatest hits album and after my Amazon.com purchase I still don't know. After downloading my MP3 ALBUM I find It only has one song on it! Amazon mistake? Or album rip-off? I still don't know.
Amazon does not make clear that this is NOT AC/DC. I navigated to this product through the AC/DC store. When I clicked on the album cover the description was Back in Black by AC/DC.....it DID NOT SAY THIS WAS A COVER ALBUM! What a complete rip off. I'm not buying anymore digital downloads from Amazon - that's for sure!
Shame on me... I didn't look close enough before purchasing this. This is NOT AC/DC. It is a cover band with a ho-hum, watered-down sound. Three seconds into listening to the first track and I knew I'd given my money to the wrong people. I feel like I was intentionally misled by the look of the album cover.Now I'm off to the CD's to get the REAL album.
When I saw back in black by ac/dc, I assumed it was back in black by ac/dc.  This is an incredibly deceptive trade practice.  Shame on Amazon!  And, the album is terrible.
Cover is deceptive. Like others did not listen before buying. A terrible waste of money! DO NOT BUY unless you wish to be disappointed!
Amazon for those of us who love acdc...We do not want a tribute band. We want the real deal. They in no way can replace acdc. This is also misleading because it looks like the album. Alot of people will be disappointed when they figure it out.
Terrible selection. Music was not close to what was expected. Save your money for the real thing. Bad bad bad
I thought it was the original not some cover crap. What happened to all the original AC/DC MP3's? Wasted money.
Bought thinking this was original AC/DC.  It is another band playing their songs.  Don't waste your money.  Thankfully I was refunded.
I bought this album expecting AC/DC. It wasn't. Now I am stuck with a mediocre album that I cannot return.
I moved too fast, shopping on my phone. Wish I could return for money back. The cover band is phoning it in. Putrid venal marketing, putting that cover art on this $#it.
I just looked and saw a used copy of the real "Back in Black" by the real "AC/DC" for sale for $3.99.  This download is for sale for $8.99.I don't hate the way these guys sang these songs, but they really don't even remotely pack the same impressive punch as the real guys.C'mon gentlemen.  Write your own stuff and pay your own dues.
I too feel a bit misled by the album cover, I quickly bought and downloaded to album because I needed some good music for a road trip. I was so dissapointed to immediatly discovered that this is not AC/DC but some tribute band.DONT BUY this unless you love AC/DC tribute band.
DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM IT SUCKS ITS FALSE ADVERTISING AND ITS NOT ACDC. ITS MISLEADING AS HELL I AM SO PISSED RIGHT NOW, WHY IN GOD'S NAME DOES CRAP LIKE THIS HAPPEN TO ME? I JUST HATE IT!
The listing should state that this not and AC/DC album. It is terrible and a total waste of money. It should not be listed under AC/DC.
If you're like me, and you want the proper band singing this song, I wouldn't buy this version.  You can easily tell it's not AC DC performing, and the sound quality is just above "ringtone" in my opinion.  Not sure why I bought this version knowing something wasn't right.
This album sucks. This isn't actually dc. I don't know who these clowns are but Amazon needs to put something on this album to let people know this isn't the real band.
Not worth the money. As I titled close but no cigar nobody can beat AC/DC at their game. Unless you like to hear other bands try to mimic some one don't waste you money.
Shame on Amazon, this is Not ACAD. deceptive Marketing. It is marketed to look like ACDC Back in Black but it is a no name cover band. AGAIN THIS IS NOT ACAD
Misleading!  Not the product that we thought it was!  They need a better description and should be more specific, especially because it looks like the real album!
A Big Do Not Buy!! if you are looking for the real AC/DC band.  I was and lost my $$$ on this album.  I tried to cancel the order but it took my money anyway and I never got the download. The Ozzy I ordered at the same time came thru but not this imposter band.  I should have read the rewiews.
expected the real artists not remakes sang by some unknown group. my mistake for the price you pay. you get what you pay for. :(
don't waste your money too many non original songs.  there are a few good ones by the actual band or artist but just don't
Read the fine print.Look at who sings the songsand who it is perfomed by.Remakes by different people.NOT What i was looking for.
I should have paid more attention. I thought this was the movie soundtrack. This had the same songs but lots of remixes and live shows. Not what the kids were looking for.
Be sure to read the fine print, even though each song has the original bands name, it's definitely not the the original band performing.  Very misleading to someone who just wants to make a quick purchase.
Some have said that the skip found on this recording, and also on the 2-disc set, was on the original. They're wrong. After purchasing this edition, a friend gave me an mp3 version of the the original Road Runner recording.There is no skip @ 4:07.Garbage, utter garbage....
This is not Bomb Factory, the Japanese punk rock band. This is some unknown indie-rock British band who happens to have the same name. Do not buy this album if you are expecting Exciter or Deadly Silence Beach. You will be sorely disappointed.From what I can tell, this "Bomb Factory" isn't terrible. They sound like a garage band Killers-clone, but the three songs here all sound pretty much the same. Not what I was expecting at all when I found "Bomb Factory" on Amazon.
The production on this album makes it virtually impossible to listen to. I love death metal, technical death metal, and everything in between. However, if you listen to some of the samples, you will see that you can barely hear the music due to the poor quality of the production.
THIS IS THE KIND OF BULLSH@T THAT MAKES PIRATING OK! LOW LIFE LABELS THAT RE-PACKAGE AN ALREADY RELEASED PRODUCT IN WHOLE OR PART (IN THIS CASE IN PART). ALL THESE SONGS AS WELL AS THE OTHER PACKAGE DEADLINE OFFERS ARE ON WINGER'S DEMO ANTHOLOGY 2CD SET THAT CAME OUT YEARS AGO.
For those who buy music online, you need to make sure you are getting the real band and not a &#34;tribute&#34; band. Definitely NOT the same thing.
These are re-recordings by a totally bogus group. Their copycat renditions are lame. Yes they somehow own the name "The Vogues" but it's not really The Vogues.Consider yourself warned!>  Get:  The Vogues "Greatest Hits"  on Rhino instead
All over Brooklyn you see BLKVAMPIRES spray painted with stencils onto the sidewalks. You people are the lowest form of life there is. Needy and desperate for attention. Plus your music is terrible. It's no wonder you guys have no fans.
Greatest tricks?!?!  The songs on here are horrid.  The cover songs are laughable and just plain suck.  Waste of money right here.  If your gonna retire Ministry Al let it die with a shred of dignity.
Ugh, head bangin metal!I guess its done ok, butyou have to be into that sort of thing, andI m not.
Ugh. Apparently kids call this whiny overproduced girly music metal now. Kids get dumber every decade.  This crap might get people to fight... me when I go to smash your stereo.
Again, I got this album because it was free...but just because it's free doesn't mean it's going to be good.  I'm not a death metal person but if you are,  then this lil bag of goodies is for you !!
i accidently chose this item as i was trying out my new Kindle, and i saved it as a trial didn't like it at all.
thanks though, good effort. not sure why its here. or why i thought it might be good. it was a waste of time though.
i don't like it. There is nothing else to add.  I do not care for this album . OK, I don't like it
Wish I could delete it from my MP3 player. I like metal now and then but so many of these songs are really negative that I don't listen to the album. Amazon needs to add a delete feature for android phones
What is this crap?  I thought the good fight was between good and evil.  This music is horrible  I HATE IT.  Couldn't get it off my Kindle fast enough
hold on to your chair, this will blast your guts out,,,, maybe I am  too old to appreciate this stylr , so I defert to those who are fans,,
Too much horrible screaming throughout most pieces.The screaming ruins the musical talent, which is there, I just cannot stand to listen to it.
This was another of my down loading errors and now I cannot delete the sucker. Worst music I have ever heard. Maybe if I abused those left handed cigs the music would be wonderful.
It was free and I was willing to try it out. Apparently it's not my kind of music. I did give it a try though.
Just wrote a review, but unfinished it disappeared.  In a word I thought it prettyterrible and it occurs to me that the only way it will move off the shelves is bygiving it away, rapidly, before word gets out.Now I've been known as a street fighter so I thought it might appeal to me, butperhaps I'm over the edge in age andit would be more favorably heard and liked by a younger audience.  I don't much like screaming for its' own sake.  Opera, kabuki, chanting, orchestral works by Richard Wagner or Beethoven or other old masters with loud cresendos or codas are just fine.
Only one actually good song, the first one.  The others are all not to my taste.  In all but the first song, the lyrics are  screamed.  I deleted all but the first song, which is a really beautiful song.
Yeah, I know, this is free, so I shouldn't bitch that I got it, but this is one style of music I cannot tolerate.  I am a rabid thrash and death metal fan, and I feel like I can grow to appreciate just about any genre under the metal umbrella, but these bands encapsulate everything that is wrong with the metalcore scene now.  All of the bands utilize a horrible whining scream as vocals, with either utterly tired chug-riffs or sickeningly sweet melodic guitar work.  Only "Primal Directive", with a slightly tolerable Meshuggah-rip-off sound, would I rate above zero stars, though it has just as ear-bleedingly gross vocals as all the other tracks.  Blech.  If you like other scene/screamo bands like Asking Alexandria, Devil Wears Prada, Bring me the Horizon, As I Lay Dying, Suicide Silence, then this is right up your alley.  If you want to hear good metal for free on Amazon, get the Nuclear Blast samplers.  On them there is some true, beautiful, talented, original music.  This is five-times-over regurgitated crap.
This was ordered by mistake...I had a hard time trying to delete it. I hated this kind of music.I am an older person but I want to keep up with technology.
This is not the Stephen Pearcy' Arcade not even close so don't be fooled do your home work.Steven's band is hard rock and worth buying at leased the first one is. the second one is just OK. I give the first one five stars and give second one three stars.
Horrible
Don't really like metal and that's what this is minus tha one Call to preserve song... It'd be better if it had more hardcore on it...
Note to the unaware, Facedown Records is a mostly Christian label and a lot of the lyrics on this sampler are Christian lyrics. Would be nice to have this in the description somewhere.
This music was not what I was expecting when I downloaded.  Terrible for me.  Not my thing.  I will be more cautious next time I decide to put music on my device.
The worst of artrock meets something like the voice of Jimmy Hendrix (oh, Jimmy please pardon me!) meets early 70th Toto meets the worst of artrock meets.....
This is only half of the actual ep, NO tracks from Christ Denied are actually included.  Only the Aborted tracks.  Hopefully this will be fixed and I can give an accurate review.Additional proof: [...]
Dont waste your time on this dl.  Sorry, if you are a true tool fan, im sure you wouldn't even consider buying this.  I thought I would try something new and go for it, thinking it was all instrumental like the strings quartet.  I have never been so disappointed in music than I am after this mishap. But dont let me sway your decision.
That's enough to say. Look at the homepage of the band for more information, and for a free (!) download of this "album"
[...] Tells the whole story. Never trust people who try to sell you the unfinished work! This is just like the enemies of the Gospel!
I accidentally bought this, and I didn't even read the reviews, or the website.  I was excited about this album and didn't bother reading the reviews.  Do not, DO NOT, download this album.
I wish I had read ERIC CLAYTON's review first. STAY AWAY!! It sounds so thin and tinny. I'm not even sure that's ERIC CLAYTON's voice on track #4 "Megiddo" (you can listen to the sample and judge for yourself). Then track #5 "Armageddon" - they couldn't afford a real sitar player? Sounds like a Casio keyboard. (Again, listen to the sample and judge for yourself.) I feel ripped off.
AN OFFICIAL STATEMENT FROM ERIC CLAYTON / SAVIOUR MACHINE:REGARDING THE "MASSACRE BUMBLE BEE VERSION OF LEGEND III:II" ; )"Laughter separates us from despair and gives us the ability to love." - UnknownHello friends... If you're reading this, I'll assume you're truly interested in knowingTHE FACTS about this unauthorized release, calling itself: "LEGEND PART III:II:"If you've already purchased a copy of this "monstrosity," my heart truly goes outto you... ; ) I wish there was some way I could take it back, but you'll have to askthe "producers" & manufacturers of this "bootleg" for a refund, if you'd like one.(Yes... that was a "not so very subtle suggestion" to demand your money back! ; )This is only a "basic" outline of a far more detailed, nuanced & complicated story...Most ("almost all") of the full background behind this current situation is coveredwith EXTENSIVE detail in my recently published book... To avoid this "statement"becoming a "novel" itself, I'll have to encourage you to read my collective journalssometime, if you're really interested in the full complexities of the background, etc.So... Without further ado... here are the basic facts about this particular CD release...MCM Music & Massacre Records have manufactured / released a "version of III:II."This "version" is more "a compilation" of what I consider to be "random out takes &demo recordings" from 2004... This CD is GROSSLY incomplete & misrepresentativeof what "III:II" actually sounds like today. What I can deduce from actually hearingthis CD, is the following... MCM and / or Massacre Records decided to hire A FEWVERY BAD "engineers" to go through hundreds of takes from the recordings I didin Sweden - Spring 2004. These "unknown engineers" chose SOME takes, TRIED toput something together and attempted to "mix" something out of it... basically, therecordings from 2004 have evolved into demo recordings, as far as I am concerned.Since those sessions, I have re-recorded almost EVERYTHING... I have spent morethan 7,000 hours recording, choosing final takes, editing, etc, etc... This CD is NOT"III:II" ...not even close... it is SO incomplete, it is difficult to even call it a "demo!" ; )"Some" of what was recorded in Sweden IS actually being used on the real album.About 45% of the guitars CJG recorded will be on the album... About 35% of thedrums Thomas recorded will be used... Only 30% of the vocals I recorded will beused, and not a SINGLE vocal you hear on this CD is the actual vocal I've chosen.Here is a "fairly" comprehensive list of technical FACTS, all SM fans should know:______________________________________________________________________________- This CD is missing the ENTIRE opening song - "Euphrates"- This CD is missing over 50% of the final guitars... most of theguitars you hear on this are not even the guitars I've chosento utilize... CJG was amazing to work with... his performanceswere wonderful, but many of the arrangements have changedsince 2004... Most notably, this CD is missing ALL of the guitararrangements my brother Jeff and I are working on... when thetime is right, we will record these parts / arrangements together.- Over 60% of the drums you hear on this CD have been re-recorded,edited, replaced, re-programmed and/or are still yet to be recorded.This is in NO way due to the drum performances... Thomas was anabsolute pleasure to work with... the fact is, arrangements have beenchanged, or have "radically evolved" SINCE those recordings in 2004.- Many of the "live drums" have yet to be performed & recorded by Sam West.- This CD is missing over 65% of all the final percussive samples/programming.In the track: "Armageddon," the percussive programming is "totally absent."- There is NO bass guitar on this CD... bass has not yet been recorded.Bass will be recorded when production resumes... by Charles Cooper.- There is NO piano on this CD... arrangements have yet to be recorded.Piano will be recorded when production resumes... by Nathan Van Hala.- This CD is missing ALL of the choral arrangements which were recordedin Germany 2004... it is also missing all the children's choir I've recordedsince... I'm not exactly sure WHY all the choirs are missing from this CD?I "thought" Massacre/MCM had back-up copies of the choral recordingsas well? Maybe they lost them? ; ) Maybe they "forgot" to put them in? ; )Maybe their team of "crack engineers" couldn't figure out where the choirparts were "supposed to be placed?" ; ) I have no idea... what I do know isthis... I have them... They were recorded beautifully... I've spent a numberof hours layering them, editing them, placing them... they sound amazing!- This CD is missing 100% of the ACTUAL vocals... ALL the lead vocals haveeither been re-recorded or different "takes" were chosen for the actual album.- Even the "wrong" vocals they chose and "tried to edit" are grossly incomplete.- The vocals they chose and "attempted to edit," were done so poorly, there isactually a "joke vocal" which they MISSED and failed to EDIT OUT... it takesplace in the song: "The Final Rebellion" - To explain... after "botching" a vocaltake, at the end of a line, I yelled: "YEE-HAW... GIDDY-UP SATAN... C'MONNOW!" ; ) - This was my way of letting CJG (engineer) know to stop the take...I had made a mistake in the lyric... This should give you an idea of the SEVERElack of attention to detail, during their "editing process!" ; ) It is a joke... tell me,how BAD of an engineer do you have to be to completely MISS a "joke vocal"and LEAVE IT IN THE FINAL MIX? ; ) To me... This "moment/occurrence" isthe perfect example of how badly this CD was "thrown together" and just howpoorly it was "produced!" ; ) This "accident" is actually my "favorite" momenton the entire CD... it's hilarious and it's just one hilarious moment of MANY! ; )*Unfortunately... the actual album isn't exactly intended for "comedic relief!" ; )- The reverbs, compression & effects used on these "WRONG vocals" is terrible.Not a SINGLE "choice" they made was "appropriate"...Nothing I would haveEVER done to a vocal... even DEMO VOCALS like these, don't deserve to betreated with such "poor taste!" ; ) I can actually hear a "vocal pitch correction"effect on many of the vocals... this "fake, processed" effect is loathsome to me;I would never use pitch correction on ANY vocal, let alone, one of my own! ; )- There are NO backing vocals on this CD. There are TONS of "BV's" recorded.- There are no final samples or final sound effects on this CD. Many recorded.- The "orchestral mix" you hear is simply a ROUGH STEREO MIX containing180 to 260 tracks of audio (depending on which song) - The final REAL MIXof the orchestral arrangements is completely separated by track and EVERYorchestral instrument is "placed" in its OWN sonic and harmonic "SPACE!"- This CD is missing over 80 minutes of music... The REAL "III:II" has evolvedinto 2 FULL CD's in length since those recordings in Spring 2004... what thisCD has is less than HALF of the running time. None of the segues betweensongs were connected properly... there are NO actual "cross fades" at all...?- NOTHING you actually hear on this CD was chosen by ME... the guitars,drums and vocal takes "they" chose are NOT the takes I've chosen... whatyou hear are ALL takes I have "discarded," or "edited" since Spring 2004.- Now... let's discuss the packaging... the "artwork!" ; ) YELLOW... really? NoSM fan in their right mind would EVER believe I would choose YELLOW!!!From now on, SM will officially refer to this CD as "the bumble bee version." ; )- There is absolutely NO booklet, no lyrics, no CREDITS... I wonder WHY? ; )- The "artwork" is just the panels of I, II & "III:I" put together... The ACTUALartwork includes 6 more panels, ABOVE the three previous images together.The OFFICIAL artwork is currently being PAINTED by hand... it's absolutelyamazing work and will show the ENTIRE, completed image as one. Even theprevious 3 images are being REDONE in my original vision for the artwork...The "digital, graphic art" used in I, II & "III:I" was a pale, demo version of myvision for the artwork... the "idea" was there... the "execution," never realized.- Again... The artwork / packaging (or, lack thereof ; ) for this version of "III:II"is a BLARING indication of just how UNOFFICIAL it is; unauthorized, cheap,thrown together, grossly incomplete, misrepresentative and totally WRONG! ; )- For the record... without revealing "too much" about it, the packaging/artworkplanned for the REAL "III:II" is COMPLETELY different than this cheap version.The packaging & artwork will be so unique, beautiful and distinctive, there willbe absolutely NO QUESTION as to the validity and legitimacy of the product...- When THE REAL THING is completed and released, the first edition pressingwill be LIMITED, HAND NUMBERED & SIGNED... likely, only 3000 copies...- Please keep in mind, SM has been working on the actual production for the pastSEVEN YEARS since these demo recordings in 2004... this CD is a mere "shadow"of what it actually IS... I would have to equate this CD to a "first draft" of a script,NOTHING more... it is a faint, distant "glimpse" at a FAR greater image/picture.*For comparison... Even the mere "rough segment mixes" I released in 2007 (over4 YEARS AGO) sound more complete and FAR superior... I did those little mixesin a few HOURS... Even the most "novice" SM fan can listen to these samples &HEAR a distinct difference in "production value." By all means... have a listen...[...] - I don't believe there's any question? ; )On top of all the facts I've listed above, Massacre and MCM "produced" this CDwithout my authorization, my consent or my involvement... To call this releasea SM "album" is a crime against the consumer... their attempts to advertise thisCD as the actual "Legend Part III:II" is CRIMINAL! It's a gross "injustice" to theactual production, and FAR worse, it is a grave injustice to our fans... I considerthis a flagrant LIE by professional liars and a disgusting act of THEFT by masterthieves... pure deception, false advertising and thievery at its worst... its ugliest...It is the act of cowards, "undermining schemers" and sick opportunists... "Men"acting with ONE sole intention... TO STEAL YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY!They are advertising a "commercial product" as something IT IS NOT and theyare "banking on" the fact you will purchase it! They know the loyalty/dedicationof Saviour Machine's fan base around the world... they know that many SM fanswill be completely "fooled" by this release, simply because they are uninformed.They know that due to a certain level of "fanaticism" among our fans, they willSTILL sell thousands of copies of this illegitimate, unauthorized, ILLEGAL CD,even after fans ARE informed... Despite KNOWING what it is, KNOWING it isNOT "III:II," many SM fans will still purchase it, simply out of a sheer "curiosity"or a "need" to have it... This is what I find most "disturbing" about the release ofthese "out takes & partial demos," being falsely advertised as "Legend Part III:II!"The hideous truth is... The men behind this release... the people who will profitfrom the sales of this release are LYING TO YOU, "the consumer"...they are infact, "counting on" your fanaticism and they are "attempting" TO EXPLOIT IT!It saddens me and it makes me sick to my stomach, knowing our dedicated fansare being taken advantage of in such a maliciously motivated, carefully calculatedand undeniably under-minded way... put simply, it is morally & ethically wrong!(Then again... when have you EVER known or heard of record companies, agentsand/or music industry managers acting with a faint shred of morality / ethics? ; )In closing... On behalf of SM and the brilliant, talented artists/musicians I've had& have the privilege of working with, we ask that you DO NOT SUPPORT THISRELEASE! DO NOT GIVE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY TO THIEVES ANDLIARS... If your curiosity and/or "need" to hear this "bastardized," unauthorized,grossly incomplete version is so strong you "must" hear it... If your "fanaticism"is so overpowering, you can't stand it and "have to" listen, (no matter how badit is, no matter how horribly misrepresentative of the ACTUAL production it is)then by all means... please do so... BUT... DO NOT PAY FOR IT... SAVE YOURMONEY... THIS CD IS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY... please listen for FREE!Here is a direct link to download the ENTIRE album (in its full "quality" ; ) forabsolutely NOTHING... As I stated, there is no artwork in this CD... There areare absolutely no lyrics... it contains no fancy booklet. By downloading the CDHERE, you are getting EXACTLY what Massacre & MCM have released... Youare missing absolutely NOTHING in comparison to the "hard copy." What youARE doing is saving your money and refusing to hand it directly to criminals. ; )If you choose to wait for the TRUE, complete, official SM version of "III:II," weTHANK YOU and we DEEPLY appreciate your respect for our artistic vision!Finally... As much as I wanted/strived to maintain this "little surprise," it has nowbecome extremely important we (SM) "reveal" a VERY special announcement toour beloved fans around the world... those who have waited SO very patiently &steadfast... those who've supported the project with unwavering faith & loyalty...THERE WILL NEVER BE A "LEGEND PART III:II" ...IT DOES NOT EXIST!!!(don't "flip out" ...just continue to read on... I will explain in extensive detail... ; )Those of you who have read my journals (only 600 people) know that "LEGENDPART III:I" was never "intended" for release... "LEGEND PART III" should havenever been "broken apart" and "split," as it was "strongly suggested" I MUST do.I was pressured by Massacre and MCM to do so... I allowed it to happen in early2001 and I have regretted it EVERY DAY since! For over a decade now, I've livedwith that mistake... the decision still "haunts me." Those of you who have had theopportunity to read my book know the full background of the story... For the restof you, this is probably "shocking news," but it also comes with wonderful news...As it was always intended to be released, "LEGEND PART III" WILL ONE DAYBE RELEASED AS A "SINGLE PROJECT" ...TOGETHER... AS IT SHOULD BE!!!What you have known as "Legend PART III:I" for the past decade, you may nowconsider a "very solid demo!" ; ) It is currently being RE-PRODUCED with all themissing "intended elements" intact... Though the production of "III:II" has been inand out of production for 10 years, "off & on forever," (a long, complicated story;please refer to "Eric Clayton - The Collective Journals / 1997 - 2009" for details...)IT IS STILL IN PRODUCTION... Don't believe everything you've "heard!" ; ) I'vealso read and heard the news that "Eric stopped working on it many years ago."DON'T BUY IT FOR A SECOND... It's simply not true... I should know, right? ; )"LEGEND PART III" - THE OFFICIAL RELEASE will contain 3 full length CD's:(Disc 1 - formerly known as "III:I" / Disc 2 & Disc 3 - the long anticipated "III:II")YES... THIS IS REAL! ; ) Don't ask when it will be finished... I have absolutely noidea? ; ) But... I can tell you this... As you probably know by now, SM is currentlyperforming (and in the process of booking) a number of intimate acoustic shows.Though we'd "hoped" for more concerts in 2011... due to a number of factors, themajority of these rare performances will be booked in 2012... SM is performing fora wide range of "reasons;" many/most of these reasons are very intimate, personal,Spiritual reasons... ONE of our objectives is to generate enough revenue to resumeAND COMPLETE the production of "LEGEND PART III!" Currently... the line-upintact is THE single greatest "incarnation" of Saviour Machine EVER!!! We are theclosest BAND we've ever been... We'll continue to "build upon" this intimacy, wewill continue to gain strength, generate income, and TOGETHER... AS A BAND...WE WILL RESUME & COMPLETE THE PRODUCTION OF "LEGEND PART III!"Thank you for your time, your support, and your interest in knowing the truth...Take care / God Bless you all... Eric Clayton / Saviour Machine - August 9, 2011
I wrote this review to let the general public and former "The Inheritance" band fans know that this CD is being distributed by a Record Label that has no interest in this band except to make money.So, please "Do Not" buy this CD or the single songs either.  More new songs from this Artist will be available in 2012 via a different label and distribution.Thank you!The Music Mentor
Ok, I am a huge Hank III fan but this new "3 Bar Ranch - Cattle Callin" is HORRIBLE!!! All it is, is very sloppy metal on top of auctioneers. It's a new genera that he calls "cattle core", and I have a feeling that this will be the only "cattle core" album ever recorded, in fact I hope it is. It's pure dissonant noise, and very hard to listen to. If your planning on picking up one of the 3 of Hank III's new releases, I assure you, this is not the one, IT IS HORRIBLE!!! I'm sorry Hank, I love you and wont ever stop listening to you, but what the hell is this? This is the kind of crap you should have given CURB, not the fans.
These guys are at the top of their game but honestly unless you're in high school who wants to listen to a song about being bullied and ending the song with a bunch of kids chanting about it. The same great musician qualities are there, just a dumb song.
My title pretty much sums it up.  This song is without question the worst single Shinedown has ever released.  This was obviously a marketing ploy, because of the lyrics.  But the song itself is absolutely dreadful. I've heard clips of other songs on the album and a lot of other songs sound pretty good. "Bully" is EASILY the worst Shinedown single, and definitely one of the worst songs they've ever recorded.  The only worse one I can think of off hand is "Diamond Eyes (Boom-Lay Boom-Lay Boom)" which is one of the worst recorded songs in history.  That song gave "Friday" by Rebecca Black a run for its money!
Conventional wisdom is that your first single off a new album is one of the strongest--if not THE strongest--track.  It's the one that's going to get the airplay, sell the people that the upcoming record is worth parting with their hard-earned cash for, they're going to get some real bang for the buck when they head out to the concert when the band comes to their town, buy the merchandise, tell their friends, ride around with the car windows down, blasting Shinedown at a decibel level that makes anyone within hearing say, "Yeah!!!! It's time for some STOMPING!!!!!"  But it's not going to happen with this limp noodle of a tune.  Lame.  Tame.  NO ROCK HERE--just keep movin' along, folks.  Nothing to see here, go back to sleep.  Somebody please bully Shinedown into kicking some butt.
I feel i got cheated of my money i bought this thinking this was actually a new album by them but it turns out its just a greatest hits cd from there 3 previous albums. The cd needs to read greatest hits in clear easy to read letters on it so people know. I wish i could get my money back.
It sounded OK the first time I listened to the album, but every time I played it the singer just started to sounded more pretentious with every play. Living For Today has turned into play once yesterday and move on. I'm not a fan of the yodeling opera.
this and the HELLYEAH-turd are easily the two worst 'metal' (haha, yeah, right) albums of the years. an incoherent bloodless collection of cookie-cutter riffs that no good band with self-respect would recycle for their mediocre songs. but not so the lads and gals from ITM. interviews confirm that they entered the studio with a handful of riffs and seemingly no ideas and hoped a produced would do his magic. whoever tried... he failed. miserably. an unbelievable letdown for me, and I loved the debut and at least thought the other releases were decent genre-products. pass on this on and buy/listen (to) something else /good (but NOT Hellyeah!).
If you liked "A Star Crossed Wasteland", you might like this. If this is your first listen to ITM and you are disappointed, try their first two albums. They were amazing. Less screams on the second, but the same great style overall. Great addictive hooks and choruses.It seems like maybe the band wanted some less technical songs for filler on the stage. I'm excited for new CD's from bands I love, but I would rather they take a couple years to create something that really blows me away.
this whole album really sucks. I mean i can't listen to the whole songs with out them just not be apeasing with the lyrics they have. Sorry but Blood is not the best album they have nor do i ever want to buy any of their albums if i can help it.
AAAAANNNNNDDDDDDD I'm almost 100% sure Maria Brink lipsincs at her live shows. I saw her and the boys with Stone Sour this year and it was painfully obvious what was going on but the Sheeple just cheered right along oblivious to the fact that they were being ripped off. C'mon people, there are SO many other bands out there that are better than this crap. Turn off your radio stations and find actual music instead of what the mainstream media is shoving down your throats.... I am not a &#34;metal elitist&#34; but I just used top be obsessed with whatever band is trendy and cool at the moment like this band, 5FDP, etc.... I have now seen the light and you can too. Just search for real music and you will find it and it stands high above this nonsense that In This Moment are releasing....
Ungawdly bad. Read ALL the one star reviews ... they are ALL correct.  I will bet some of those five star reviews are FAKE!! There has never been so many dishonest reviews like that which I have seen here on this BLOOD cd.  Amazon is pretty good too, as far as honest reviews go. Man, there is like no way in helll this is appreciated by ANYONE BREATHING.UPDATE: Hey, check out the 5 Star reviewers.  Almost all have ONLY REVIEWED THIS CD .... I KNEW THEY WERE FAKE!!!!!!!
whispering is not singing. Lack of passion, emotion, and feeling leaves you with constipated-esque squeals and whispers that put you to sleep. the only reason i bought it was because the other three were awesome i will listen to the next one before i buy it. The instruments are uncreative, monotonous, and the band just sounds like they want no part in the project. Can you say sex appeal? No member mattered but Maria on the album advertisements. and whats up with all the 5 stars!!!????????????????
I was very eager for this CD to come out. I am a big ITM fan and when the single Blood hit the radio I couldn't wait for more.  Unfortunately, I found the entire rest of the CD to be a huge disappointment.  I found many of the songs to be a bit odd and just not was I was expecting at all.  Maria has a beautiful voice when she sings and it has always been mixed with screaming on their other albums but there was just too much screaming on this CD.  I miss the good old In This Moment from the Beautiful Tragedy days.
Being a huge fan of In This Moment's last effort, A Star-Crossed Wasteland, I waited with eager anticipation for Blood.  Even though the title single's chorus reminded me of heavy cover of Toni Basil's Hey Mickey, I quickly dismissed this as their attempt to make a more radio friendly song.  I never fault bands for trying to appeal to wider audiences as long as their musical integrity remains intact.  Sadly, this is not the case with ITM's newest release.With every successive track my distaste grew.  At first I was intrigued by Maria Brink's lyrics, they are much darker and filled with hurt and negativity.  However, they soon became whiny and left the impression that she was attempting to be edgy.  Instead of being an exploration of deep personal insecurities the lyrics come off as sordid and contrived.  I quickly realized I wasn't listening to the ITM that I've enjoyed since Beautiful Tragedy but a clone of Halestorm, which by my standards would be the same as if Lamb of God emulated Nickelback.I'll be honest; lyrically, ITM has had their share of hiccups but they always managed to make up for the triteness with highly impressive musicality.  Brink's vocals, Blood included, have always been top notch.  She definitely has a gift and is just as comfortable screaming with rage as she is singing with melody and emotion (i.e. World in Flames). But for some reason, her conveyance of said rage and emotion on Blood is completely absent.  And speaking of absent, what happened to Chris Howorth?  As a guitarist myself, I loved Howorth's style and tone.  Although not overly complex, he was still able to shred while keeping his solos tasteful and complimentary to the song environment.  In fact, the main reason I rushed out to buy the new album was to see what he had in store.  My high expectations inevitably lead to my biggest disappointment with Blood.  There are absolutely NO guitar solos worthy of Chris Howorth.  There were a few moments where I actually thought he would deliver but the opportunities were squandered.  He might have 3 or 4 solos on the whole album, all of them weak and amateurish at best.  I know that not all solos have to be face-melters but it's as if he didn't even try.  Even his rhythms were bland and uninspired.  I went so far as to check to make sure he was still involved with band and wasn't replaced by a session guitarist.  Without musicianship to salvage the wreckage, as soon as track 14 ended, I promptly ejected the disc from my CD player (rarely do I not give an album a second listen, especially when it's a new purchase), withheld my urge to crack it in half, and placed it in the case where it will remain.  I'm not even ripping it to iTunes for fear it will somehow reappear on my shuffle.I hate so much that my first review on Amazon is so negative.  What's worse is that I am so fond of In This Moment.  While the talent is definitely present, Blood is a far cry from the band's capabilities.  Brink and Howorth should be ashamed of their laziness and will hopefully grow out of this 2002 nu-metal throwback phase in time for their next album.
As a female, I jump for joy every time a woman appears on something labeled "metal." I was incredibly disappointed, especially when I saw all the great reviews of this band. This is a pop album, not a metal album. Congratulations to the record companies for catering pop music to people who don't like Kelly Clarkson and Beyonce. As a metalhead, I say this album is pure garbage. Nothing is metal simply because a band uses distortion.
If you're a true metal head stay far from this band and this album..ive been a fan of them for years and this album seals their fate. Its terribly oversexed and the lyrical content is immature and substance lacking. Their first album is great...and every one after steadily declines further to radio rock / mall metal fame. They've sold themselves out to the mainstream tern rock hoards. Maria disrespects herself as a gimmick for this band and her outfits have grown more and more provocative as the years have passed. If you're looking for a great female fronted band that is truely metal try Kittie...truely hard working..no gimmicks..solid discography!
The album did not download properly after multiple tries, only contained a few of the songs on the track listI want my money back
ok so ive been into this band since the first album and enjoyed every album they have made since...but dear god what happened...this new album is ear raped at best...every song is pure shit...i wanted to like this album but jesus ther is only so much a real metal fan can take...i agree with another reviewer on amazon here go get testaments new album dark roots of the earth or anthrax new album worship musik both are albums of the year for metal records and you would like them much better then this abourtion of an album...please maria get it together and put out something better then this crap...looks can only go so far
This album is similar to Metallica's Saint Anger. Sure, it has it's good points, but for those of us that were looking for In This Moment, we didn't get it. This album marks a new turn for In This Moment down a road that I wish they had never taken. When I heard Blood before the release, I thought it would be like Gun Show, a single song that I could simply skip. It wasn't. The album is everything that The Dream, A Star-Crossed Wasteland and Beautiful Tragedy.If you like this, you likely will not like In This Moments other albums, instead, let me recommend Huntress. If you don't like this, you may like their older albums, which were similar to Straight Line Stitch.
Crap. One word fully describing what Blood is. I had been a big fan on the band. Their first 2 albums were really good. It had tunes like Ashes, Beautiful Tragedy, The Last Cowboy and especially Iron Army; but the band that made that music is now gone - be very clear on that matter (and check out the band photo on the album back). Now we're left with what I call techno-nu metal B.S.. Some of these tunes barely count as songs; just her screaming for 4 minutes straight. Total f'ing B.S. in my book. No song creativity at all and appealing to one of the lowest forms of metal: nu-metal. Go get Testament's Dark Roots of the Earth, it just came out, that album kicks serious ass. R.I.P. In This Moment.
Wow. This CD was insanely painful to sit through. The only reason it gets a star is because I cannot give it 0/5. I am an In This Moment fan, let me start with that and I looked forward to this album's release with high regard and expectations. I loved the other three and they were great live at Mayhem in 2010. I picked this album up on release day and was let down faster than an Obama supporter. Brink usually is sexy, stunning and a vocal powerhouse. On this album, she replaced her vibrant screaming and intense vocal range for constipated pig squeals. Her soft melodic voice turned to inaudible whispering for the entire damn CD. Her lyrics based around a dark world of torment and regret didn't sound sincere, they sounded forced. The instrumentals that are usually tight knit and powerful were monotonous, lacking creativity, and boring. And what in the name of Christ was with all the damn sex appeal? Maria Brink may as well been bound and gagged because it sure as hell didn't feel like she was talking or acting with sincerity and even less integrity. Every advertisement I saw for this album they were trying to sell her like an object. Witnessing them perform again at Uproar in 2012, Maria had lost the kindness and warmth in her expression, replacing it with an &#34;I'm so much better than everyone else&#34; look. &#34;Blood&#34; is easily the weakest album in their catalogue, and isn't worth 10 cents much less 10 dollars. I hope they return to form on the next album and that Maria lets some air out of that head of hers.
This is one of the worst bands and albums I have ever heard and it gives women artists a bad name. She sounds like total crap. I can't believe she does this for a living. I like every type of music imaginable, besides the terrible screeching of this wretched woman.
Good songs by great bands. Too bad the sound quality on more than half of them is terrible. In some of the songs, you can only hear some, if any, of the lyrics. In others, the bass, drums, or guitar is so loud that you can't hear other parts. Look, I understand that this was a free download, but come on. If I wasn't familiar with Nuclear Blast and the amazing bands that are on the label, this would be a total turn-off to both of them.
Wow, how absolutely horrible of you Amazon... this was released for free, do not buy this, go to the Scion A/V website (google it) and they have an assortment of free eps from KNOWN metal bands, and the songs aren't just half-hearted "let's cash in and spew some crap out", they're good and full-release quality songs.  Enslaved, Arsis, Suffocation, and this ep.  All free.  You're a tool if you buy this. period.
This has nothing to do with the album itself. It is a classic. Something wrong with the track &#34;no angel or demon&#34;. One part of song sounds like a scratch on a record that does not belong. I would recommend other versions of this album.
Truth be, this is probably one of the better songs to come out from anything associated with Geoff Tate in some time. Song was written by Lukas Rossi (Rockstar Supernova fame), Geoff wrote the lyrics over the completed song, which from what I have read has been his approach since associating with Jason Slater, who is yet again back writing, recording and producing the record this single came from. This song I believe is the one that features the most members of his touring band, though not all - Robert Sarzo is not on this track, Kelly Gray only does the solo. So right there, calling this Queensryche when Craig Locicero is doing the guitar work really isn't true, not if you expect to go see them live and see the people who performed this song on the record do it live (enough on that, at the time of this review, they are on tour but not playing anything new from this album). Geoff of course sounds like Geoff, and he too is not terrible on this.So why the 1 star? Because I listened to this song after listening to other Queensryche songs. I listened to it after listening to stuff from their classic era (prior to CDG leaving), and side by side I just comparing the music, I would never associate the two as being the same band. Now I know, the personnel are not the same, but take a listen to Lightning Strikes Again by Dokken...different bassist, different guitarist, yet that release sounds like Dokken. Their guitarist isn't copying George Lynch, but he is influenced, and he does his best to honor that sound in that latest release, and it was praised as a return to form. It is possible to have a band with different people, and have a consistent sound even though players change. Whitensnake is a good example of this.So then I compared this to the Slater era...lesser known material from QR from OM2 and Amercian Soldier, figuring these albums minimally featured the core original band, as they were written by Slater and mainly played with session people and Mike Stone (who it was said was a salaried member of the band at the time, disputed whether he was really a full time member). Those songs, even though written by an outsider, you get the sense they were written with the main band in mind, so there still was a style there. OM2 wasn't a great album, but there are moments that at least invoked the QR sound, despite minimal core band involvement. It was enough to dupe me for years before I read court docs that stated that Ed and Mike contributed minimally, and that Scott wasn't even on that record. Dedicated to Chaos...while it had some moments, that entire release was such a left turn for the band that it really isn't fair to compare to. So I listened to stuff from OM2 and AS, stuff that to me at least sounded like Queensryche, and still 'Cold' musically sounds like it came from a different band.I doubt this song was written within that 6 week time, if I had to guess, this song was already written and available, Geoff heard it, liked it, decided to use it, wrote his lyrics over it and this is what you have. So it is possible Lukas had no idea this would have wound up being a Geoff Tate/QR song. But it is possible that at the beginning of the 6 week period imposed to pull this all together, he wrote the song. At which point if this was the case, there is no original band, original band sound...no Mike, Scott, Whip...to have to write in the style of, so there was a freedom with this album that wasn't ever there before. So this further removes it from what sounds familiar.So for the simple fact that at no point, does this song ever make me think this is Queensryche, and the fact that the band being sold to the public by Geoff as Queensryche (for the live shows) is minimally represented on the Frequency Unknown album (with this song having the highest concentration of people from the live band, but it also being the only time this happens)...I cannot in good faith recommend anything higher than 1 star on this song. The fans of Geoff will disagree with me, they are entitled to their opinion. I am not saying to not buy the song, because music is subjective, and you may very well like this track. But if you do not know what has been going on behind the scenes with Queensryche over the past year, a casual fan that sees this and thinks they put out a new song, know what you are buying first, and give this a listen. It may be a decent rock song, but it sounds nothing like the band you knew.
I bought this album quite a while ago (in the form of Every Day Is Halloween: The Anthology), was not expecting much out of it and was still disappointed. The only listenable tracks on the album are the old remixed Ministry tracks and the covers are almost embarrassing. Give it a listen for curiosities sake, but do not purchase.
These are re-recorded abominations -- NOT Queensryche songs.  You were warned, don't spend your money.  You can easily find the real Queensyrche stuff on here.  If not, ask somebody who actually knows Queensryche.
I listened to a free preview of these recordings. The songs in this EP do not sound like were professionally done. Sonically, it sounds similar to the karaoke versions you might hear at a hotel bar. Mart&iacute;n Irigoyen is the artist who played bass, drums, and guitar for these remakes. The sound quality of the instruments that Mart&iacute;n Irigoyen uses to replicate the originals, sound like MIDI sequenced, computer assisted instruments. It appears as if Jason Slater(producer), and Geoff Tate(Queensryche former vocalist), found a session player (Mart&iacute;n Irigoyen), who must be very adept at transposing music through MIDI, to re-record these songs for a very bargain-basement price, then Geoff Tate did a one-take recording for the vocals, and the end result was this EP.
Do not be fooled - this is a cash grab by Cleopatra records, their distributor, and Geoff Tate. The four tracks you find here are the four re-recorded versions of these songs that are on Geoff Tate's Queensryche's release, Frequency Unknown. Geoff mostly re-recorded the vocals, though it is highly suspect that he used some of his original vocal recordings from the original EMI recording of Jet City Woman (the bridge and the chorus, the high vocals sound identical to the original recording...highly unlikely 20+ years later he could duplicate every note, every nuance, and how the track was recorded. There is a person Shando316 who posted a comparison on Soundcloud you can check out, original and the re-recording, played them on top of each other and the vocals match perfectly). Backing vocals are done by Geoff's two daughters. ALL of the music though is done by one guy, a session guy who plays all the drums, all the guitars, and all the bass, Martin Irigoyen...so these versions are not even done by the band that Geoff is selling these days as Queensryche (even though the touring band was not as involved in the recording of the original material on that release as you would have expected, and his guitarists, Robert Sarzo and Kelly Gray were each limited to one guitar solo each, not on the same track). Geoff went on record in interviews that he was paid a lot of money (relatively speaking) by the record company to do these re-records. It is suspected that the record company was more interested in obtaining these re-records for their own use, so these could be used on compilations, and now we see here, a separate release with these four tracks. If you look at the liner notes for Frequency Unknown, it is not obvious that Martin was the sole person responsible for what you hear musically, because on the main credit page, he is simply thanked by Geoff, not mentioned as the sole musician behind these recordings. I am not saying to buy or not to buy this release, or to like or not like it. And it isn't like these recordings were even done with the 'other Queensryche', they weren't, it is Geoff with effectively a karaoke track done by some relatively unknown. So based on this...how on earth can this recording be considered Queensryche? Do yourself a favor, find the originals, and purchase them for a buck each to download if you want these songs...same money as you would spend buying this shill product. Geoff would still get his share either way, but at least the real band that was involved in writing and recording these songs originally would get their share as well.
This EP contains remakes of classic Queensryche songs and besides Geoff's bad vocals, no other original member performs on the album.The drumming is re-created electronically and the other instruments sound way off.I wouldn't even pay 99 cents for this.
Jeffrey Taint cannot sing anymore and it's painfully obvious on this (as others have said) blatant "cash grab" by Cleopatra. Wait until June, for the REAL Queensryche's new album.
Really don't understand the big deal here I mean this music actually puts me to sleep the guitars are so repetitive it gets boring and the singers vocals are just god awful yeah its ok to yell Blasphemy this and Satan that but unless you make it sound good it's not going to work if this is what people considered Death Metal back in the day my god I wondered what they thought when Possessed and Death came out because they are ten times more brutal than Slayer ever was and or is.all n all really confused thought this was supposed to be brutal but was badly mistaken.
Slayer one of the BIG FOUR bands is so boring I have never understood why people ever liked this band the music is so weak its not crazy like Kreator or even sounds good like Merciful Fate, Mayhem or even Bathory. I mean yeah I give credit to these guys for their inspirational lyrics and evil sounding style (If you think that's what it is?) but seriously their music is just so repetitive it's boring.all n all if u like THRASH METAL I could recommend this to you but this is something I not into.Not saying its bad but Im not a Fan of this music or band.
This is pretty bad.  I guess I was expecting a return to old school Black Flag, but that is not to be found here.  We all know that Ginn IS Black Flag. But musically, I just can't get into this new style......very atonal, choppy, just plain unlistenable.  It seems that Keith Morris is really carrying the old-style sound of Black Flag with OFF (which sounds more like vintage Black Flag than this, if you know what I mean), and FLAG.....but I haven't heard them yet.So if you're craving old-style Black Flag, get the OFF stuff.  If you want to see what Ginn is up to now.......get this, but don't say I didn't warn you.
The lyrics are embarrassing.  The music is uninspiring.  I gave this a fair chance, and judged it solely based on the music, and not the drama surrounding Black Flag and Flag.  It is not a good album.  I'm actually pretty sure that they recycled riffs from other songs towards the middle of the record, and on through the end.  I had a tough time finishing this one.  It's definitely not intriguing/challenging music.  Using a theremin doesn't make your band avant-garde.  It's still really generic butt rock.That's basing my review, not considering that it's supposed to be a Black Flag record.  Now if I were to compare it to other Black Flag records, which I hate having to do, it's the lowest point ever in the band's catalog.  Actually, it's the only low point.  But it's really low.
My father died prior to this album's release. That's all that stops this waste of studio time from being the biggest tragedy of my life in 2013.
The negative comment has nothing to do with the song itself - it's phenomenal and, while not quite on par with Floor's performance on the &#34;Live From Buenos Aires&#34; version, it still a wonderfully-done song.However, it looks like Amazon seriously botched the pricing on this ($8.99 at the time of this writing.) For a single song! Meanwhile, from Nightwish's web site, there's a link to the iTunes site which has this at the much more reasonable price of $1.99.
This song is the right band right NAME of the song but not at all the right song...very disappointed with this purchase
This one isn't the song listed. It is NOT &#34;Starving For Friends.&#34; It is &#34;The Fire Down Below&#34;. It is by Slaves, but it isn't labelled as the right song.
Another cookie cutter band! A million bands that sound the same! Beyond boring!!! I would not take this if someone gave it to me!