Ive given this recording a few listens.. And, For some reason..it sounded better when i reviewed the tracks on line..than when i gave the entire CD a listen..The Production, isn't that good, & The Lyrics are Kinda Pointlessly PREACHY..I am a Big Fan of both Watson, and Turner, BUT..there is a LOT to be desired on this recording...
Boring album Judas Iscariot is one of the most over rated American Black Metal act's that I've ever heard this bands low-fi production is just pathetic I mean yeah yell all you want and act like a fool but this still sucks.all n allBORING ALBUM
Wolves in the Throne Room came to my attention back just after the release of Diadem of 12 Stars.  I was looking for black metal that took Mother Nature as their spiritual theme and WitTR came out of my search.  Back then the band photo of them in the trees before a campfire playing folk music was circulating.  The mystical space of the trees lit by golden fire and strange beings occupying it... it reminded me a heck of a lot of Ulver on their first 2 albums.  Plus there was also none other than a sword stuck into the ground before them, very fantasy-like, and that I always love!  Then I read the band's interviews stating about how they lived a 90% self sufficient life in a barn in the Pacific Northwest.  That was also exciting to hear.  I was amazed to find a metal band this dedicated to nature mysticism, something which I also hold strongly at the core of my soul.  Their CD had come out on Vendlus Records, though was a bit expensive to order as I recall so I stalled a little bit on ordering it.During that time I walked into a local concert venue that was playing some rather uninteresting metal/sludge/core music.  While talking with a guy who ran some internet metal-mag, I expressed a personal interest in 'nature-worshiping black metal'.  And when he asked me to elaborate I pointed to the only group I had so far been able to find... Wolves in the Throne Room.  Being a non-social metalhead that mostly bought albums and researched bands and never participated in the community much, I got my first experience of the phenomena of name-dropping as the guy went estatic and shook my hand saying "Oh s***! Dude you're the man! You're the MAN!!".  I look back on it with a chuckle these days.  I guess at the time Wolves in the Throne Room had accidently pushed their way into a vacuum populated by a mass of potential black metal fans who previously were unable to penetrate the genre due to well... its impenetrability.  More on that later.A month later I went into a local record store.  A s***ty big box place similar to FYE, but the only available store in my region.  I looked in their system for Wolves in the Throne Room on a fluke not expecting to find anything of such a hard to get band.  But I was wrong.  A copy of Diadem of 12 Stars was available to order.  When I placed the order, it turned out also to be a vinyl version.  Exciting!  Turnse out behind the scenes, the band had negotiated a release on the label Southern Lord which not only gave them more access in distribution, but a great deal of underground interest from the talking heads of the American independent music scene.  After a short wait the vinyl came into my hands, a double with candy-looking hunter green transparent LP's too!  Nice.  And that absolutely beautiful cover art too.  I was all set for giving myself up utterly to Wolves in the Throne Room.  And then....After my first listen of the record I found something unpleasant in the forefront of my mind.  I thought to myself 'It did not go anywhere".  In fact that would become the consistent mantra throughout my entire 5 year experience of this band.  IT DID NOT GO ANYWHERE.  Each of the albums massive epic songs all started out with a strong interest, but then flattened out into this empty space of totally simple 2 to 3 note riffs that seemed to go on and on.  And if they changed at all, I would fail to notice much.  It was a puzzle as each track did in fact contain a few buildups and riffs that really inspired to a more dazzling height, but in the end would only serve to just color up the beef of each song.. that monotony of grayness and empty void of repetition and little advancement.  Worse yet was often the ending of each song.  They simply just ended.  They teased me into thinking that the song would evolve into some stunning.  I was hoping for a climax like a Richard Strauss tone poem or symphony, something that would throw me high up onto the tallest and grandest peaks where I could witness the most romantic of sunrises as heaven and the world was born anew.  For that divine rapture is what I desire the most out of my commune with the organic world we all came from.  Therefore music with a complex symphonic arrangement would be paramount to something like this.  But that turns out was not the case.  And I was miserably disappointed.Reading later interviews, the band cited a strong interest in sorrow and misanthropy.  That the crux of their ideals was that man must expunge ego and joy from his heart.  That nature is actually a world of death, where man is helpless and will meet his doom.  And this comes out in their music on Diadem of 12 Stars.  I believe that this idea is the reason why this music is like what it is.  The band, perhaps also to continue a rejection of what they saw as conventional black metal, left out the keyboard in their music, something which was for me the sorest of disappointments.  I cannot look at the album's cover without envisioning swelling orchestra or atmospheric hums.  To take this element out was to deprive a mountain of its cap.  You could never reach the top.  The guitar riffs instead had to bear the entire album.  Indeed this could save the release, but those great riffs and complex ideas needed so badly were so very few and often focused on a mournful depressive theme.  And then the long stretches of musical monotony would take place and again all was lost.  In the band's photo which I loved, one of the members was playing a flute.  The fact that this album contained no flute was deeply regrettable.  Why not?  Why would someone speak of such heights but then do this?I cannot imagine someone walking deep into the wilderness to meditate on the universe and returning trumpeting sorrow and misanthropy.  I don't know what the band did, (or even if they really lived how they say they did), but it is as if they looked into the beauty, darkness, and mystery of the natural world and their vision turned inward entirely to the concept of man's futility in the face of nature and the gloom it brings.  A gloom that inspired them to make music that gives a taste of epic inspiration, but ends with hollow apathy.  They went only partway through the spiritual journey, coming to a halt at the negative experience and not growing further.  And this was supposed to be the masterpiece of nature and black metal!  They went into the woods and all they saw was self-loathing and emptiness.  It did not go anywhere.  It was a complete and utter disappointment.  I later gave the vinyl to my friend.Later I would try other albums by this band hoping that they would grow into something amazing.  That would be for later reviews.  Returning to my previous statement about the new fanbase that the band found, I would ask the reader to look to other reviews made at the time of this album's release.  Even one here on Amazon.  You will see people speaking about how the actually resent and dislike black metal for its elitism, silly corpsepaint costumes, and extreme ideals.  Often times you will also see some of these people cite Cradle of Filth and Dimmu Borgir as to what they hate in black metal for the bands' corny gothic thematics and over the top symphonics.  And after that they then hold up Wolves in the Throne Room as some massive new upheaval of creativity that has apparently put black metal on a pedestal never before achieved while still somehow maintaining the 'core' of the genre.  They wish to have their cake and eat it too.  Indeed black metal is rife with much that it would do well to reject.  Racism, juvenile unevolved Satanism, thuggish brainless fans, and elitist talking heads.  But things like camp, epicness, costumes, and such all are part of the mix and do have a place in helping give the music an otherworldly aspect that keeps it vibrant and esoteric.  Wolves in the Throne Room for these people cut away the parts that originally kept them at arms distance from the genre.  Fine, some fat should be trimmed, but in doing so I feel that they threw out some crucial aspects that would have brought so much to their music and ideas.  And what they lost was the divinely epic and the grandiose atmosphere, the mystical aura.  Moreso they chose to keep one element of the black metal scene that they should have given up:  the misanthropy.  For their music and what they grasped at this was a costly failure and their art suffered.I shake my head.  This was one of my more unhappy letdowns with an album.  Diadem of 12 Stars could have been so, so much more.
I really want 108 to cut a whole album that lives up to the first 30 seconds of Deathbed (track 2 onSongs of Separation) but they haven't ever been able to do it.  Once again, I am mildly disappointed by an album I will listen to another 3 times and then forget is on my Ipod.  The album title is great, though.
wanted some good rock music for running but this just isn't it...no wonder the band split up. IHeart radio got me into these guys and the lead singer is from Five Finger Death Punch but still a D-.
Witch Hunt is great live, but this recording is pretty bad. :( Sorry guys, I have to be honest. Great message, cool people, not so great album.
Track 2 and track 14 are clean, not "explicit" (ie not original) as shown on the page. please fix!Amazon, tags and track names should not include [Explicit].  The clean version should include [Clean], but the "explicit" version is the original so no changes to tracks should be made. Only differences with the original album version should be noted on the tag and track (ie. single, 12 inch, remix, clean).  Just note Explicit in on your web page only please.
I met Buch Patrick and he sold me a CD, which only had this one song on it. The song is not that good. It's corny and dumb. Not nearly as food as "Whatever Happened To Eddie?". Well, at least he signed the CD for me. That's something.
I purchased this CD from Amazon after looking at it on several sites and thought I was getting the 13 track Rabbit Don't Come Easy with "Far Away" on it. I did not read the one review that was written on this before which explained that I should expect to be dooped. What you get here are two standard versions of The Dark Ride and Rabbit Don't Come Easy. The MP3 Version is true and correct and that has the bonus track. For a collector like me, I would be ashamed if I were the record company missed this on the labeling. The albums are great (5 stars for music), but I recommend buying the two CD's separately for cheaper, or getting the MP3 version if you do not need the physical cd to guarantee you get the songs. This is a 2 star record company moneygrab.
I DIDN'T REALLY CARE FOR BUT I LIKE A LITTLE DIFFERENT STYLE IN METAL MUSIC. MAYBE YOU WILL LIKE WHO KNOWS.
A little misleading ... this is not the real AC/DC album. It's the same songs, but performed by &#34;The Rock Heroes&#34; not by AC/DC. The quality is ok, but still I wanted the &#34;real&#34; thing.
I didn't catch that this was a cover band when I bought it, so was extremely disappointed because it wasn't what I thought it was.
I've been listening to AC/DC for a life time now, and just find it hard to listen to any other group or singer attempting to copy the original group.  This was a mistake I don't intend on repeating.
This album has great songs on it but alot of the songs are not even the original artists.  I wish I would've paid more attention to the the "artists" names beside each song before purchasing. With that being said, it's alot of songs for a cheap price if you don't mind who's singing them.
This is an album of covers as done in the movie.  I was looking for same but by original artists
Not the original singers on several of the songs but still a pretty good bunch of songs to listen to.
Just not that funny.  I love the idea of the chickens doing the chorus but the whole thing just sounds boring sadly
Everybody likes '5 o'clock World'  and it is a a great track with a deserving following but there really isn't another track on this album that is anywhere near the awesomeness of that track.
Ugh. They took good songs and made them sound like s***. These versions are pretty much unlistenable. I get the feeling Al made this because he regrets writing these songs, not because he loves them so much.
Amorphis is one of my very favorite bands.  Having said that, I much prefer their later era of mostly clean vocals to the growler vocals of their early releases.  I had/have been saying for many years that they should go back in their catalog and re-record some of their older classics with clean vocals.  So, when I heard this "Magic & Mayhem" was to be "new interpretations" of their older work with more clean vocals replacing much of the earlier growler vocals, I eagerly anticipated this release, probably more so than any release in the past decade.  To my disappointment, they re-recorded nearly all of these songs with growler vocals.  As with the originals, the music is good, but really, what was the point of this release?  To replace old growler vocals with new growler vocals?  I don't get it.  This is a huge disappointment, and they blew a great opportunity to re-record these classics with a great clean vocalist (first Koskinen, now Joutsen).
Glad it was free.. I don't like the music at all.. If I was You I wouldn't get it you will regret it.
I like Cancer Bats, I have seen them in concert once. there were some other ok songs but all in all not the greatest sampler I have heard.
I always like their guitar layering but the vocals always kill it for me
I love music of all kinds, but I have to say this particular sampler, unlike most samplers available for free on Amazon, had me do something that I rarely do with any music: I deleted it within minutes of downloading it.  Every track sounded just like the one before, the lyrics were garbled and unintelligble.  While I am sure for those who are into death metal, etc. that is just fine.  However, for me, it was just not something I wanted.
was ok i guess, not my cup of tea tho. definately different and if you like different, check this one out.
The band's previous effort, their self-titled album, which was their debutwas a masterpiece of stoner metal rock-n-roll.Dead Roots Stirring is very boring comparitively.I've now listened to this album about 10 times.There are no catchy riffs.There are no catchy lyrics.There are no catchy tunes.There are no memorable dynamics.There is a bunch of jamming, but they play really well together.But on the previous album, every song stuck in my head.The previous album had 2 songs about The Savage Sword of Conan the Barbarian,a song that was more Fu Manchu than Fu Manchu ever do (er, did).And the opening song was more Sahg than Sahg!Dead Roots Stirring is short and boring.The other reviews may accurately describe this album,but the previous album was worth SEVEN out of FIVE STARS.
1.5 StarsHmmm...where to begin. Let's not. Let's leave it as &#34;for God's sake, do not listen to this if you enjoy 'New Era of Corruption' as much as I do.&#34; The first time I heard this EP, I was convinced that it was a joke. It appears that that is not the case, and what one has heard cannot be unheard. To say that there is nothing redeemable within this &#34;collection&#34; would be fallacious; it's redeemable as some sort of sick, twisted April Fools' Day prank (and nothing else).1) &#34;Section 8&#34; was later released within the band's self-titled &#34;reinvention&#34; album (which, incidentally, is pretty poor, all around)2) Pantera is most likely the biggest &#34;poser&#34; band in the history of metal. I suppose that a cover, here, shouldn't be unsurprising, given that Whitechapel similarly modified their style to appease the masses (see the albums Pantera created [and later banished, unsuccessfully] during the 80s as evidence of this fact.) (Incidentally, this cover is mundane and pointless.)3, 4, 5) No, I didn't listen to these. Nope. Didn't happen. (If I keep telling myself this, perhaps I'll eventually begin believing it [similar to the way that people privately slander &#34;New Era&#34; while praising &#34;Whitechapel;&#34; self-delusion is a powerful, and common, tool].)Trust me: don't do it.(See my &#34;New Era&#34; review for credibility confirmation.)
I found the album The Scepter of The Ancients by Psycroptic boring and not to my tastes.  After a couple of listens I've already erased it from my MP3 player and will most likely not return to it.The musicianship is there, but the production and songwriting aren't up to par with other Tech Death albums.Maybe I don't understand the genre, but each song sounded the same. With few tempo changes and my inability to differentiate the band from most other Death Metal bands I was a bit disappointed.The album was released in 2003, so it being a decade old is definetly something that influenced my distaste for The Scepter of The Ancients.
Let me start by saying that I think the Album "The Invisible Mountain" by Horseback is fantastic, and the songs "Invokation", "Tyrant Symmetry" and "The Invisible Mountain" on said album are monumental in terms of their greatness.Not so great, and in fact downright terrible in my opinion, is their album "Gorgon Tongue", which essentially consists of ambient guitar feedback from start to finish.I purchased this latest album on good faith, because after previewing the songs here on amazon I could tell that they once again included some real guitar playing. To my horror I was only half right. The songs "Mithras", "Ahriman" and "Arjuna" are heavy doom songs which are similar in their rocking heaviness to the aforementioned masterpiece Invisible Mountain. The four other tracks, are monotonous, boring, ambient drone devoid of any sort of beat or tune that would cause a person to bang their heads much like Gorgon Tongue.So yes, the last three tracks, including the 12 minute "album only" track, are basically ambient squealing. I listened on, waiting for some kind of huge breakdown that unfortunately never came. Having bought the whole album I feel terribly cheated, and misled.  Why is it that this band, which I want to love dearly, cannot put out an album that from open to close is crushingly heavy and devoid of filler? Which in terms of this particular album, means nearly 30 minutes of filler. Really guys, you couldn't bother to add 8 minutes to "Ahriman" which is a great song, but you could leave the amp on and record feedback for 21 minutes and call it "Hallucigenia"? I want to know who at Relapse Records thought this was a good idea...
After hearing the song  Blood,which was an amazing piece of work,  I was excited to hear the rest of the album. I can see why Blood was chosen as a single as its the best song of the album.  I was expecting more of the same slow dark lyrics mixed with screams and was hit with Slow mellow songs again and again.
Any long time ITM fan will most likely have mixed feelings about this album. Blood, Whore, and Adrenlize complete and utter selling out. THen there's just plain crap like &#34;You're Gonna Listen&#34; &#34;Comanche&#34; and &#34;Burn&#34; and why they chose to cover &#34;Closer&#34; I will never know. Then there is &#34;From the Ashes&#34; &#34;11:11&#34; &#34;The Blood Legion&#34; and &#34;Scarlet&#34; that actually have shades of old ITM to them, these songs are at the end of the album so by the time I got there I had already lost interest. The comparison to &#34;St. Anger&#34; is an accurate one, and personally never thought about it like that. Them putting Maria Brinks naked body on everything in order to get attention for the new people then veil it all behind a feel good message for the people who have been fans for awhile, I found to be absolutely apalling. There are a couple gems to be found in this mound of trash.
If this is your first ITM album, you'll like it or love it. You probably heard the new single and want more of it. You're gonna get it. If this is your fourth ITM album, and you weren't happy with the second or third, pass on it. You won't find anything new on here, as most of the songs are the same tempo and lack originality. Brink's voice is strong as ever, but she's not the only "instrument" in the band.
As a HUGE fan of them since the beginning & their sound, they really threw their old fans for a loop.  Completely changing genres & styles to get more popular & go up the charts is hard to imagine a group like this would do.  Seems like all the 'newer' fans coming out of the woodwork who are younger have no idea what they used to sound like & how much they fell off.  You're Gonna' Listen & Comanche are the only songs on here that are like the old In This Moment.  It's seems like it's all about their image & becoming popular now.  There are about 4 very mellow songs on here, almost ambient!  Nothing close to fast like they used to be.  Even the songwriting suffered as just about all their older songs are just flat out great, no matter how they're played.  Don't know if they've officially sold out & this is their new style, but they've already lost a lost of old fans & I'm sure many more will follow if they do this again.  I would put their first 3 cds up against any 3 from any band in history!  That's how big of a fan I am, so I can be critical of this cd.
I've read the reviews raving how metal and awesome this cd is.  Ha!  It's far from the metal they have been playing.  Take The Dream and make it poppy and more radio friendly and that's what this cd is.  It starts off with the obvious radio single "Blood" and it's so repetitive that it's kind of annoying.  I listened to the first 7 tracks and turned it off because I was so bored with the lackluster songs. The cd sounds like something Lacuna Coil or Evanescence would put out.  I loved Star Crossed Wasteland!  One of my favorite cd's of all time!  This one, shelved. I'll pass it down to my kids, if I ever figure out how to make them and have some, if they ask me for it.
The clips sounded alright before I downloaded. I kind of thought they were like a harder version of Halestorm which was why I thought I'd take the chance. After listening to the whole EP I'm not sure I like the lead singers voice. Often times she sounds like she is just yelling out of key. Hard to describe. Just not for me personally.
The music was fine but it was supposed to be a split. All I got was two Napalm Death songs and no Converge.
I had thought from instrumental intro it would be good throughout the song, but sadly the lyrics were a little off key and it was far more irritating than I had thought. I will listen to it another day.
Beach Boys fan? Bet you have all the songs, well, maybe except for "That's Why God Made The Radio". There are better greatest hits compilations than this one. Does Capitol Records have someone sit around to come up with the umpteenth way to repackage the same old, same old. YAWN! The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because it is the Beach Boys.
Judging by the cover (disgusting) yet intriguing at the same time. I was expecting Slayer, meets Exodus, meets Slayer type thrash. Or at least something good. While some of the riffs are ok, the singer is just WOW, awful. He's a cross between a out of key Scott Stapp, and a really bad Sully Erna. And his vocals just do NOT fit with this type of heavy metal. If you can call it singing. The music is sup par, but some good riffs are to be heard. Which doesn't make for a good album. You have one weak link in the chain, it becomes a mess. And that's all this is, an unfocused mess of metal riffs thrown together, with mediocre drumming and God awful vocals. Plain and simple. I was wonder why it's been out since Dec 12th and no reviews. No i see why. Steer clear metal heads.
can someone explain to me what this is? I know who anderson is but what is this track? Take a listen before you answer, thnx
Ladies and gentlemen,If you are just getting into metal, or never heard Amorphis before and wonder why people held this band in such high regard back in the 90's, do yourself a favor and do not purchase this compilation.This compilation lacks tracks from what I consider to be their best two studio albums: Tales From a Thousand Lakes, and Elegy.Perhaps the publisher did not have the rights to use songs in those albums, which I can completely understand, but the title is misleading, as it ignores the material that made this band one of the premier Metal bands from Finland in recent memory.Do yourself a favor and start with Tales From a Thousand Lakes, and Elegy.Thanks for reading my review.
Usually I don't like any type of Metal tracks, but I often listen to the free albums because I am occasionally surprised. This album had a few surprises. Everything not listed below, I deleted either because of the vulgar lyrics, growling vocals (not my cup of tea), or unintelligible lyrics. These are the most interesting tracks for me, but I did delete a few of them after listening to them 4-5 times.01 - Blood Like Cream [deleted] ...This has a good beat and is interesting musically, but I can't understand most of the vocals.03 - Orchard [keeper] ...This reminds me of the psychedelic music of the 1970s, but it's not overdone.06 - HW_ R.mp3 [keeper] ...Relatively simple and basic tune that reminds me of the Kinks of the early 1960's.07 - Dig [deleted] ...Poor sound mix. Interesting composition, but the vocals are overpowered by the instruments. It is also louder than most of the other tracks in the album.08 - Day's Work [keeper for now] ...Interesting guitar work; intelligible vocals. It sounds sci-fi themed.11 - The Line Between (BBC Live Version) [deleted] ...Typical guitar work for this genre, along with the clashing cymbals, making the music sound more like noise. The vocals are barely intelligible.12 - In Days of Woe [keeper] ...Good dance beat; rock sound.19 - Exiting the Hall of Vapor and Light [keeper] ...Unexpected surprise! Meditative; no vocals.20 - In Mirrors of Water [deleted] ...Unexpected surprise! Musically, this is a very intelligent and complicated composition. It has 4 movements. The first third is slow, melodic, and meditative; the second third is melodic and up tempo. The last third is in two parts; the first becomes increasing frantic and adds barely audible growling vocals. The final part slowly winds down the pace and dissipates. I really enjoyed this until the growling started.21 - On the Eclipse [deleted] ...Unexpected surprise! This starts off musically titillating, with a beautiful melody. Then the &#34;Satanic&#34; growling starts, creating a juxtaposition of beauty and the beast. If I could strip out the vocals, this would get a lot of air time from me.The low star rating is only because I couldn't bare to listen to 16 of the tracks. Of the 10 I did listen to, I only kept 5. If you like the dark side of music and have a fondness for metal, you'll probably like everything I deleted.
Mostly really mediocre music, lots of it is really bad quality recordings. I only kept like two songs off the album.
This is not a Black Flag record, it's just an excuse for Greg Ginn to jam. Ron Reyes' vocals are way too low in the mix making these songs, for the most part, torturous to listen to. When Reyes was in Black Flag he mostly just sang Keith Morris' songs and he was great at doing that. But coming up with his own melodies for songs is not really something he is very good at. I've always loved his vocal style and if his vocals in these songs were up higher in the mix I think I could actually get into most of the songs...but..they're not. I think he was sent the guitar tracks and told to sing over them. There does not seem to be any cohesion between the music and his vocals. Well, "My Heart is Pumping" succeeds a bit and is really, in my opinion the only song that is any good on this entire record. I hate to say it because I love the guitar sounds that Greg Ginn makes, but I feel that aside from Jambang and Texas Corrugators, Ginn's best days musically ended with Black Flag's "In My Head" in 1985. He pulls amazing sounds out of his guitar but nothing clicks, it's all random, he makes sounds, not songs. His playing on this new record is for the most part as much a torture to listen to as most of his records that he made under the name, Gone. I waited 29 years for this record and I feel that i was short-changed: from the stupid cover art, to the vocals mixed extremely low in the mix,  to the throwaway songs, all that I have to say is "WHAT THE?!?" I don't think Greg Ginn really cares about what he puts out as long as he's putting something out. I'm done buying anything with Greg Ginn's name on it. If Flag (the OTHER Black Flag) puts out a record I will buy it right away because I feel that those people will at least respect the 1/2 of the name they have and the musical heritage of the band's members.Additional comments 2/7/14: A lot of people are hailing this record as "Greg Ginn's return to punk rock." That's is okay as an opinion, but to me, this record just contains nothing more than leftover material from Gone records with the Black Flag logo and bars pasted on the album cover. Seriously, this record sounds exactly like Ginn's Gone jam songs that were never intended to contain vocals and that is what is so disturbing about this record - almost none of it sounds like it is supposed to have vocals which makes me feel really sorry for Ron Reyes when he had to try to write lyrics and then SING them over these songs. If you are really into Gone, you will probably like this record. If you like Black Flag, you will probably not like this record at all.
Septicflesh (or Septic Flesh) is a band in a very neutral light for me. I never liked them enough to say I am a fan, but also never disliking them enough to ignore their discography, as they have some great albums under their belt (see &#34;Sumerian Daemons&#34;, &#34;The Ophidian Wheel&#34; and &#34;A Fallen Temple&#34;) and I've always took the time to hear any new effort if theirs for the sake of seeing what they are up to these days, and in June, their next full length &#34;Titan&#34; hits shelves and here we have the album's first single to showcase what it will have to offer. Obviously, the whole point behind a single is to showcase what the forthcoming album has in store, but if &#34;Order of Dracul&#34; is any indication of what &#34;Titan&#34; will be like, then we don't have much to look forward to.This isn't a huge departure from the sound preformed on &#34;The Great Mass&#34; really at all. It's violent (but still melodic) death metal with a lot of orchestration thrown in to make it more interesting. But upon listening to it, the first thing that stood out was just how chaotic the track is. And no, I don't mean that the song is &#34;brutal&#34; or anything along those lines, when I say chaotic, I mean that the song is a random series of ideas that are just sloppily thrown together that don't know where to go or what to do. The track just starts and this random feel of the overall song structure is very prevalent, making the whole song feel lazy. In fact, to add to the consistent inconsistancy, everything aspect of the sound feels forced and uninspired. The drumming and vocals are just sorta there, bored and pretty bare bones without any real presence, the riffs are forgettable and the orchestration is very haphazard and is just thrown in without any proper structure or purpose other than simply being there. Such as half way through the track when the metal stops and a brief harpsichord section just shows up, sticks around for a bit before awkwardly transitioning back into the metal, leaving me scratching my head as to its reason for being there at all.Overall, this is a very mediocre single without memorability and is just downright lazy. As a whole, it lacks energy, care and imagination and doesn't offer any reason for the listener to be interested, and instead just does its shit and leaves, with no reason to listen to it again. Hopefully the album will be better than this, which it very well might be, as it wouldn't be the first time that a band releases a shitty single and the album its on ends up being great (see 40 Watt Sun's debut &#34;The Inside Room&#34;) but as for this track, it's best to be skipped.
Writing on this album it's catchy, heavy, but not to the AE usual above Standard in my opinion. I miss Angela! Please do not even compare this to WOS! Most songs are typical - Dime a Dozen. This is not the F&%in Book of Heavy Metal!!!
I've owned this album for at least 3 years now, and I can safely say that with 1 or 2 listens, it loses it's value quick. Nothing really eye opening, maybe a few hooky parts, but other than that it's bland and boring. It's the same slams and break downs you hear from most DM bands nowadays. The album art is trying really hard not to rip off Carcass, but it's a miserable failure. The bass work on here is trash and the guitar writing is amateur for most of the songs. The Drumming is off and the vocals are boring and don't even try to mix things up... this album isn't worth getting really...