Tentical's of Whorror is a alright album its got some good moments and some bad moments but it just doesn't live up to the hype of reviews I've read though.all n all a decent effort
I found the music served its purpose as a motivator during my workouts. Good variety and the neccessary beats to drive through the workout.
This is a good album. The biggest reason I picked it up was for the Knorkator cover of the Ma Baker song which is great. A lot of the songs sound the same, almost like what you would find on an Offspring or Green Day album though with a considerably harder edge to it. I can listen to this album once in awhile but it is not my favorite.
I really hate Black Metal.Its the sterile, muddy sound. The Corpse Paint, the crappy leather clothes, the satanic, pagan fad. I hate all of that. I hate how Black Metal is so damn dark and depressing. I hate how every single Black Metal song sounds practically the same; endless droning, buzz saw guitars, muddled blast-beat infused drums, absent bass guitar, and a singer that tries his hardest to sound like a  scorched earth goblin. But most of all, I hate the poor production values of Black Metal. Somewhere along the line, people thought it cool to purposefully make their music sound crappy, like it was recorded on some old Tascam 4-track tape machine in the midst of a forest: oooh so kvlt! Sometimes I get the feeling that most black metal bands use this sort of bad production to cover up poor musicianship and rather uninspired writing. Why else are the vocals buried deep within the mix? Why do most black metal bands only play 3 to 4 chords, rinse repeat? How come the drummer can only play blast beats?While mysticism and spirituality are favorite topics of mine, most Black Metal bands border on the uber-ridiculous. This is not the case with Washington based band Wolves in the Throne Room. They really have something behind their music; they are radical environmentalists who till the land. Yep, they live on a farm where they are practicing a self-sustaining lifestyle with minimal contact with technology. Their music encompasses the death of our current societies, and the birth of a new world, a world that harks back to the days of old, the days before all of our endless life draining technology. Forget corpse paint and an all black leather, spiked outfits; Richard Dahlen, Nathan Weaver and brother Aaron Weaver are not such trivial people. Eschewing the traditional Black Metal attire for a more minimal approach (save for dark hoods...gotta have dark hoods), these guys look a like regular folk."Diadem of 12 Stars" is a rather dark, bleak and droning lament on the darkness of humanities ignorance of Earth, of Nature, of their own destructive nature. The music is very much Black Metal nonsense, but there is actually a true message behind it. Humanity is taking a huge dump over the Earth, we are using up all of its natural resources without a care, we are raping and pillaging like our masculine-dominant ancestors, the hell-spawn of the Industrial revolution.Wolves in the Throne Room's music reflects the pain, anger, hatred of our current status, and the hope and belief that one day things WILL change. The apocalypse will come and the Earth will be anew. These concepts are brought to fruition on 'Diadem of the 12 Stars", a sonic lament of monstrous proportions.Since their music is all about Gaia's anger toward a self-destruction and nihilistic humanity, you can expect painful, tortured vocals (much in the same vein as the goblin screeching of typical Black Metal bands) and evil, brooding melodies. I still can't stand Black Metal, but with such a great message as the one backed by Wolves in the Throne Room, its hard to hate on them. This album is very tedious for me to listen through, "Diadem..." is comprised of 4 tracks that stretch well over the 10 minute mark. Yet they throw in a minimal amount of change-ups and clean vocals that its somewhat bearable.Yes, Wolves in the Throne Room sound just like practically every other Black Metal band who claims such moniker, yet make no mistake, they do not speak highly of their corpse painted, leather clad, satanic, nihilistic peers. Nor do they uphold any of their beliefs. In fact, Wolves come off more like a bunch of dirty hippies rather than Black Metal heads, and one might even wonder what business they have in the art of dark magics and pagan worship. Vocalist Richard Dahlen claims that they only embody the powerful, raw energy of Black Metal, but care not for its trivial nature. Basically, they take what they want from the genre, and filter out all of the crap."Diadem of 12 Stars" is a decent album that draws from Black Metal, Doom Metal and Crust Punk. It makes no huge leaps and bounds in the genre, but its good nonetheless. While it is still incredibly hard for me to "get into" this music, I find enjoyment in this record. It would have been nice to have the lyrics handy so that I could understand what they are about; the booklet contains no lyrics, but alas, chalk it up to one more mysterious thing about Wolves in the Throne Room.Black Metal fanatics will certainly salivate over this release.
Decent effort from this band love the guitars rifts and the drums as well as the production on this album the only problem is the singing is just horrible don't know why but just horrible I mean I can stand bands such as BURZUM, DARKTHRONE, and MAYHEM but not this crap.all n all if you like Black Metal or Extreme Metal I would not recommend this to you
This album is alright but come on only 3 songs thats what doomed it and the production is horrible im sorry but this is not for me.
The song I downloaded from this album was live even though there was no mention made of this in the description- the other songs may be live too so listen before you buy.
This was Frank Stallone's band created in 1975. It includes the acapella song he performed in Rocky his brother's little movie. He lived over a bakery in Trenton right after this hit and I got an autographed picture from the baker and I went to see the band at Great Adventure that summer. It's a good album but I don't know what the other reviewers are thinking it is but I think they are thinking of a totally different band. [...] is Frank's website. I have the vinyl with my autographed picture somewhere and it brought back some memories but... it's an ok record but I wouldn't say it's a great album.
The CD that came to me did not have the same cover as the one shown.  This makes me question whether or not I got the correct music.  The one I ordered said &#34;The platinum and gold collection&#34; and the one that I received said &#34;the very best of&#34; the Delfonics. I went back to the website to compare the songs and none were listed.  My error for presuming that a &#34;Platinum and Gold&#34; collection of songs would have all of my favs. I thought it was a safe bet.  It was a &#34;P;atinum and Gold Collection&#34; :)I bought this for my music loving hubby as a stocking stuffer for Christmas.  Now the dilemma is to find something else or just keep it.  Warning, if you cant see the songs listed do not purchase.  The Delfonics are great anyway but I should have made my purchase based on the songs listed and the reviews. Not sure I will keep it.
I had purchased this album a few years ago on cd.  Most of the tracks rock, especially the alternate version of "Here to stay."  The CD got scratched up in my old car and when I went to purchase the disc again, I couldn't find it a handful of stores.  I decided to purchase the album on Amazon.  I usually buy tracks a la carte through Amazon, and the experience has always been pleasant.  As a Linux user, I really appreciate that they ported their downloader app to Linux.I downloaded the album, and even though I should have read the track list before buying, I find out now that the alternate version of "Here to Stay" is missing.  It was track 15 on the disc, a hidden track.  I'm kind of bummed that the Amazon album purchase is missing this track.  The alternate version isn't even available as a separate download.Please if someone from Amazon is reading this, see what you can do about this.  I'm dying to hear that version of the song, but I really don't feel like buying the album for a third time because it was left of out of the Amazon album.
Okay straight off the production is low, so don't worry it's not your system. Sounds like someone recorded an album at full blast onto a camera, turned down the volume and sent you the aftermath. Moving on, this is a fun split album.Alternative rock guitar blazes, warm fuzzes, twangy sharps, pop punk bass. Both artist retain a natural life quality to them, which works wonders on low budgets. Errortype 11 genuinly sound like they are having a good time, cutting in some electronic blips on the end of "I Got You". They seem confident, and musically it shows.Gamerface at first seemed not to do much for me, on my third listen they really started growing on me. They seem much more concentrated, "How Far is Goodbye" really blooms, goes a little off course, and comes back with the oomph needed to make a complete circle. The vocals remind me of some of the rougher Gerard Way (My Chemical Romance) vocals, back in the groups early days. Next track the vocals morph into pop punk squint. So there is some versatility here, the guitars do the two chord hops, and proceed to the glazing power chords. Heck Gamerface even covers Tom Petty on track three!I really came into this review expecting to give more praise to Errortype 11, but Gamerface seems to be the better of the two (in my opinion). The split is terrific. I own the vinyl copy, it is on a 10" record, orange vinyl, and has one insert (small rectangular one).-by the way- Gamerface have one pretty funny speech nearing the end about a party, great stuff.Three tracks per artist, two great groups (one more promising then the other), fair enough 3/5.
For some reason this album can be found on the interweb misrepresented as a Three Years Hollow cd- it isn't
Pros: These guys take the best of the sub-genres of Metal and cram it into a relentless onslaught. Metalcore, Heavy Metal, and even some Power Metal can be heard all throughout this album. This is a very focused album, and that focus is blazing metal. These guys have amazing talent. it's a shame that they seem to have disappeared altogether.Cons: Unfortunately I couldn't give this 5 stars because the production and mixing is very abysmal for my tastes. The guitars sound strained and even tinny at times, the drums sound hollow and flat, and the bass almost non-existent. Every element seems to clash together harshly rather than form one cohesive sound.Final: I would definitely recommend this album for any Metal-head who doesn't get easily bothered by sound quality (unfortunately I do, so this isn't in my regular jamming rotation). It has everything you'd want: Blazing guitar riffs/solos, blast-beats, monstrous breakdowns, and menacing growls accompanied by high screams.
Back in the day, around 1985 or 86 I purchased this on vinyl. I still have it in storage.There was an influx of awesome quality bootlegs from Frank Zappa. It had to be an inside job. the art, the sound quality, everything was high standard for a boot.When Frank got wind of these bootlegs he took it upon himself to exact revenge on these perps, and released their copies of the work they stole from him in  the  first place. That's the beat the boots series.This recording of the original Mothers, although not high quality by todays standards, present one of the most original and talented bands of all time.A snapshot if you will of a moment that I would never be able to experience.Frank never would have released this himself, so the bootleggers actually performed a great service to us .In theory bootleggers are scum. making money from other people's work, but they release the stuff that the ultra fan wants. people who have already bought all the official releases want more. the egos of artists can't get past this.As a Grateful Dead fan I personally won't buy bootleg material(it's kind of an unwritten code. The Dead actually let people tape their shows, so to sell a bootleg was taboo.) only trade. But there is a definite need for this stuff.Anyway, I'll get off my soapbox.If You're a Zappa fan and especially a Mothers fan and want to hear some awesome early Mother's jamming, this is the  thing for you. And it's supported by the Zappa family trust.Now if they would only allow the downloading of Frank's official discography.... I have A lot of room on my ipod for that.Buy this ..you won't be sorry.
Let me start by saying I'm a big fan of Tobias Sammet and I buy basically everything the dude puts out. Love Edguy, love Avantasia, and his last album Scarecrow, with the exception of one uber-lame track ("What Kind Of Love?" More like "What Kind Of Crap") - is one HELL of a record that I really haven't stopped listening to since I downloaded it on Amazon mp3 a year or so ago. I love the collaborations with the other vocalists and musicians. They all bring something unique to the table and the result is a musical experience that is rich and diverse, all the while following Tobi's grand vision of creating symphonic, epic power rock. Scarecrow is big, melodic, rockin', fun music to listen to, basically everything that makes Tobi's projects killer. So when I stumbled upon this Lost In Space album, I downloaded it right away, assuming it would contain tracks that for whatever reason were left off of the Scarecrow record (Lost In Space is the name of one of the more "radio friendly" tracks from Scarecrow).Truth is I don't know if the songs on LIS are tracks from the Scarecrow sessions, or if it's just stuff that Tobi's had in his grab bag since God knows when; the guy never seems to stop working. In any case, I was a little underwhelmed by this collection of tunes. If they are in fact tracks were left off of Scarecrow, one can see why - the strongest track on this record is the bombastic "Another Angel Down" track that DID make the Scarecrow cut.One of Tobi's strengths is his ability to walk the fine line between power metal cheese and true rock awesomeness, and too often on these songs he falls off the fence into the garden of cheese. I'm not going to break the album down track by track, but I will say that the strongest new song on here is Lay All Your Love On Me. It's cool to hear Tobi do a rockin' love tune; it sounds like something Bon Jovi could have recorded back when he was still writing inspired arena rock. Good lyrics on this one too (lyrical content is a recurring gripe I have with some of Tobi's material).The 1-2-3 punch of the opening title track, LAYLOM and AAD rubbed me the right way right away, but sadly the album fizzled out after that. The rest of the tunes seem like throw-aways; "In My Defense" could be Tobi's declaration of justification for releasing the record in the first place. At the album's conclusion we're subjected to not one but two alternate versions of Lost In Space, neither of which are as good as the original.I don't know, maybe I need to listen to this a few more times; I admit I've only gone through it once and usually it takes a few spins for an album to really grow on me. But there is clearly no new ground being broken here, no new grand vision for Tobi, just Scarecrowish tracks that don't quite muster the kickassitude of that record. In a nutshell, these are songs that are for the die-hard Avantasia fan, not someone who is unfamiliar with Tobi's work. The uninitiated would be wise to start with Scarecrow or Edguy's Hellfire Club. Those records make this one taste like cheese that's passed it's expiration date.
Nothing impressive or engrossing. I'm a fan of female rock singers, so I pick up albums like this regularly. Every once in a while, I score with a nice find. Unfortunately, this album is really nothing unique or original. The recording quality is mediocre and at times the vocals feel empty; kind of like she's just singing to sing. Her voice resembles that of a young, inexperienced Madonna. I'll probably listen to this album a couple of times a year, that's all.
I gave this three stars because of its selection of songs.Not being an Industrial "connoisseur" I am often torn between liking a song for its musical qualities and hating it for its ridiculously melodramatic lyrics. About a third of the songs in this collection are lacking in both categories. Another third of the songs are pretty good (and done by recognizable groups). The remaining third are so-so.Since there are 45 songs, you probably have 15 good songs for 10 bucks. That's pretty good! Plus it gives you at least an hour of music to listen to while you work on your  "fitness."I don't see the connection between the songs that were chosen and "fitness," but to some degree any Industrial songs are going to be good to work-out with. If you are also a non-connoisseur, and you don't mind Industrial music's often intensely cheesy lyrics (you know, "kill, kill" or "eat puppies," or whatever it is they're screaming) then I recommend this collection.. . . but seriously, it's not bad. 3 stars.
This band reminds me very much of early Dying Fetus. Overall, they are a pretty good band with some good, brutal death metal. The production is decent but very obvious that a metronome was not used when laying down drum tracks as there are places in some songs where the drummer seems to either speed up or fall behind and the rest of the best is having to make adjustments as they go. More than anything else, they don't really bring anything new or innovative to the table. It sounds as though they listend to Destroy The Opposition and Killing on Adrenaline as they were writing the songs for this album.If you're just looking for some good death metal to brutalize your neighbor's ears with then pick up this album, but don't have high expectations in the way of originality.
Cover, bands not quite as good as, original but still great . gotta love the variety and number of songs for the low price
The songs are OK but the remakes are not as good as the originals.  Look for the originals if you don't want to be disappointed.
not all by original artist . a little bit of a let downbeing 80's I thought it was all going to be goodnot as many favs as I thought I was getting should have looked a little closer
if you like bands such as ANNOTATIONS OF AN AUTPOSY, WHITECHAPLE, or WAKING THE CADAVER this is your next favorite band. ingested are "slam/death" meaning they do a decent amount ov breakdowns and slower heavier guitar riffs. vocals are menacing and fit the music well. the drums are the best thing about this band though. he triggers his kit but it still is just rediculously fast at times, makes me wonder how a human could do it! lyrics are great, very gory and vulger. all in all its a decent album not great not terrible. DEVOURMENT is still the only "slam" band i like and to me all these immitators do just that, immitate. and not a very good job at it.
I did not realize that Ingested had a hatred against women. I like death metal, but I draw the line on this one. I read the lyrics and I am appalled. these guys say how much they are influenced by Dying Fetus, although I highly doubt though that Dying Fetus preaches hatred against and violence toward women. I think this band is influenced more by A.C., whose lead singer passed away in the spring. (I have a mixed bag on A.C., as I hate them, although I thought their "Picnic of Love" stuff was cool, but I don't have any A.C. in my collection though). although I like the musicianship, I am giving it three stars for the violence and hatred towards women. there is a difference between this Ingested and A.C.: you can make out what the former band is saying, but with the latter, you can only make out two or three words.
I would say this is a 50/50 mix some of the covers are great versions of these songs, where thay work all is good,however the other half is just so-so, kinda like you'd hear in a small town metal bar local cover band.
Great songs, but they're not the versions you heard in the 80's. Every one of them is a remix of some sort. Not all of them are all that great... I'll be repurchasing most of these songs in their original versions.
I like the songs but wish they were the original artists. Some songs are just good no matter who sings them .  Others not so good.
This is not a bad cd to be fair, it is good for working out, especially for a child of the 80's! However, it is not the original artists as it shows.
I bought this after seeing Rock of Ages because I wanted the songs from the movie, but from the original artists.  The songs are as expected, but I was disappointed that many of them are live versions.  Had I known that I wouldn't have purchased it.  I just wanted the music, not clapping or talking to the crowd at concerts.  In that aspect I was a bit disappointed.
While there are some great riffs and heavy tunes on this album, the individual songs and the album as a whole leave something to be desired. Rogga Johansson has churned out countless death metal albums spanned across over 20 different bands/projects and has openly admitted that his &#34;filter for what's good and bad is not as good as others...they throw away stuff while I keep it.&#34; His lack of quality control relegates this work to the B-list of the genre. If you can't get enough Swedish Death Metal, you'll probably enjoy this release, but if you have yet to hear the classics, you'd be best served by starting there. My recommendations would be to start with the following widely revered and highly influential albums:&#34;Left Hand Path&#34; - Entombed&#34;Like An Ever Flowing Stream&#34; - Dismember&#34;Where No Life Dwells&#34; - Unleashed&#34;Dark Recollections&#34; - Carnage&#34;Into The Grave&#34; - GraveAgain, this album isn't bad, but why spend your precious time listening to anything but the best?
As others have already stated, this is a great album.  On it's own I'd rate it a 5.  However, I'm noticing quite a few skips and artifacts during playback that are annoying and really detract from the listening experience for me.  The skips are in same place on songs regardless of the software I use to play them with.  For example, there's a skip at 3:09 on Dreamer.  Just wanted others to be aware of this before they buy.Amazon: please review your QA process for your digital rips, this isn't the first time I've heard skips and artifacts in your downloads.
This is the first solo album by Michael Phillips, but it's definitely not his first outing. Mike has appeared on lead guitar with the mighty Deliverance on `Stay Of Execution' (1992), `Live In The Studio' (1993) and `As Above, So Below' (2007). In the gap, he was guitarist for Fasedown on their self-titled debut `Fasedown' (2001) and `Blitz Of Anguish' (2004). He has pulled in a whole host of friends for his solo album `Mirrors Within Mirrors' (2009).The album opens with a metallic instrumental, before delivering two epic tracks. `Mirrors Within Mirrors Part 1' has three sections and clocks in at 9 minutes and features lead vocals by Devin Shaeffer (Fasedown, Once Dead) and guest vocals by Mark Solomon (Crucified, Stavesacre). `Mirrors Within Mirrors Part 2' sees Mike Phillips on lead vocals with guest vocals by Jimmy Brown (Deliverance, Jupiter VI) appearing near the end. This stretches the realms of progressive metal into orchestral proportions as it has six movements and extends to 15 minutes.Then the album takes a left turn into classical guitar territory with a cover of Bach's "Prelude #3 from The Well Tempered Clavier". After another acoustic track it ramps back up with `Anthem'. This is back in thrash territory with tough vocals by Devin Shaeffer contrasting with the clean vocals of Scott Wallace.From then on it starts to become more demanding on the listener. There are three acoustic tracks before you get to a cover of Deliverance's `It's A Beat' with the rough vocals of Scott Waters (Ultimatum, Once Dead). Then it's back to an acoustic track, followed by praise & worship and ending with a spanish/latin guitar instrumental.There are only five tracks that contain vocals, so unless you are a guitar aficionado you may lose interest. The technical proficiency and production is excellent, but the album loses steam after the first three tracks and stalls after `Anthem'. The album clocks in at 73 minutes and would have been better without all of those acoustic instrumentals.
DO NOT CONFUSE this band for the real/original Bloodfeast thrash lunatics from New Jersey. I do not have any knowledge of where these guys are from and I WILL SAY sadly its only an MP3{lol.} and not physical product....BUT,..They play a type of cool Technical Death Metal. Stuff I am sure many Deathheads have heard many times before but to me,..Not bad material In My opinion!
Riverside, California's Create Avoid are about to release their new album, Heart Remains, on Pure Noise Records. With ten tracks totaling up to just under 30 minutes, is this an album that will create new fans for the band, or one you should avoid entirely?The first two songs on the album, titled "Tyranny" and "Gotham," are fist-pumping, foot-stomping, slap yo' momma' jomma hardcore at its finest -- from the quick tribal drum intro that leads you directly into the big breakdowns and bouncy guitars in "Tyranny", to the ultimate hardcore drumming, bass thumping, old-school "picking up change" style in "Gotham." Create Avoid's sound is firmly rooted in hardcore, but bathed in metalcore tendencies and beat-down style. Both tracks employ gang vocals which are a hardcore must, as well as absolutely nasty grooves that add much needed change-ups in the songs. Vocalist Mike Alsaybar does a great job carrying the load for the band. His beastly growls and shouts are mean and well done in all aspects."Rat Race" and "The Author" are definite standout tracks that should garner much attention. The meaty guitars and deafening bass are followed by blasting drums and Alsaybar's disgusting vocals. The band adds some cool melodic overtones throughout both songs that compliments them tremendously. These two tracks alone add some serious metalcore muscle to the album, that's for sure.If you're looking for a more old-school meets nu-school feel, then "Unfamiliar Faces" and "Finding Clarity" are just for you. The ultra hardcore style drumming brings back memories of when Sick Of It All, Madball, and Agnostic Front were regulars in the tape deck; while the thin guitars are fast and loaded with rich melodies that might even get your granny diving off the couch. Now I know that gang vocals are a staple of hardcore bands, but I feel that they are used a little too much throughout the entirety of the disc.There are a couple of drawbacks to the album as a whole, though; the first of which being that there is little to no deviation from song to song. Casual fans of this style may find that, without any real significant changes from one track to another, the album tends to blend together and feel like a blur. Secondly, it's really hard to separate this band from the masses of others that carry the same torch that they do, creating that "been there, done that" feeling. Frankly, Create Avoid are a really good band that certainly have a very promising future ahead of them. But, in the words of the avant-garde idiot savant J. Pensinger, "I like it, but I don't love it."OUR RATING(3.5/5)
Not that great of a album Scott Connar must of been high we he did this album cause the music is all over the place not structure or anything im sorry but a three is good enough for me.
Posting this after about a month of having the digital download of the album.I won't pretend to know a lot about this band - I think I remember finding out about them while watching some of "Meghan the Metal Queen"'s videos on her Youtube channel.  She is one of two guitarists (and backing vocalists) in the band; the other members are:  Justin Velte (guitar and backing vocals), Matthew Velte (bass), Dan Niven (drums), and Cameron Graham (vocals).  (from their myspace page)I liked what I heard in the samples here and in the videos for the band on youtube, so took a chance and picked up the full cd.  After a month of listening, I can put a solid 3/5 on it.  They are young, pretty rough, but I think with some experience they could make a pretty good future for themselves and their music.  You can already hear how accomplished all members are at their instruments and playing together, and all at such a young age.  Cameron's voice is just bad ass, reminds me of Max Cavalera a bit; I'm sure others will hear hints of other favorite metal vocalists.  If you've never watched any of Meghan's videos on youtube, go do it now, she is an amazing guitarist already.  The others play really well.  I don't want to draw too many comparisons to better known bands, the samples and the band's listed influences (on their myspace page) speak for themselves.  Amazon gives you plenty to taste.The only real cringe-inducing moments are in some of the backing vocals in some tracks.  Meghan just sounds scared to death in these parts, goes off-key in more than a few places, etc (I don't want to belabor this, she's hardly the first person to ever be a little jumpy behind a mic!).  I think as time goes on, and maybe with a little encouragement/coaching, confidence in her voice will come - there are places where you can catch a glimpse of what "could be" for her - in Dark Days Rise, Regret, and parts of Empty Epiphany where she hits it right or really belts it out.Every track is headbang worthy, but I'd have to put down "Embedded in Silence", "And Then We Saw the Dead Rising" and "Regret" as my favorites.Epic metal here.  I hope these guys meet their dreams head on, and blast right through them.
i saw these guys in austin texas this month (july) with revocation and some other band i don't care to mention. it is good to know that there are still some heavy bands here in austin and not just that same old sad indy crap. the band is good but sound too much like lamb of god. no that is not a bad thing but it's not going to sell you records. their music is heavy as they come but their is no melody. they do break it down occasionally with some slowed down head banging quality riffs but then go back to the same already been played metal riffs. the coolest thing about this band is that both of the guitarists are left handed. the frontman/ vocalist was entertaining and had us laughing at times. i'm not going to buy this album because it does not get me excited enough. but i do look forward to what they may have coming out next.
For some reason this soundtrack on my Kindle Fire HD sounds like listening to a warped record. I am not happy with it.I love the songs and the group, not not this way.
I enjoy Gus' tone and his phrasing, but there are no songs here. That doesn't mean it's not a pleasant listen, but don't buy it for song-craft.
I love older ministry albums especially IN CASE YOU DID NOT FEEL LIKE SHOWING UP LIVE.the remixes on this album are ok. I guess remixes are not my thing.
I'm glad that Jourgensen has revisited his less metal past, but these covers he's been cranking out lately just feel like they BPMs are turned up and guitars just chunk through. Gone are the days of remakes like "Supernaut" or "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy." I'll give some credit to the retro remix of Halloween though, it's pretty good.
EDIT 4/3/2012After listening a few more times this is not as good as I first thought.  Buy the original stuff if available.  It's much better.  3 stars--------------------I've always been a fan of Amorphis going back to Privelege of Evil.  I remember buying Elegy in '96 with great hopes of yet another awesome Black Metal album from Amorphis.  I was a little disappointed at first but their new style quickly grew on me after a few songs... and after all what can one expect from a band named amorphis.  They are obviously not going to stay in one place musically.  I've liked every subsequent metamorphosis since (except for what I consider a week period around Am Universum).These guys continue to make great music that consistently breaks the mold and defies genre type casting.  I always did however wonder what they would sound like if they drifted back into the heavier more black metal sound of before.This latest release brings me right back to the earlier Amorphis.  Even if the songs are the same as before, I no longer have to wonder!  It is a lot more polished sounding with better production value than back then but absolutely spot on in terms of the feel of the music.  I love it.  Even if you already own the earlier albums, if you are an Amorphis fan from the beginning, I think it is worth buying this one.I can't wait to see what they come up with in their next release "The Beginning of Times".
Was not what I expected.  It was &#34;free&#34; so I am not complaining all that much.  Guess I thought I would like the music.  I did not!  It doesn mean that others should not take a listen - they might like it.
I give just 3 stars because I actually only like 3 songs from this list.  All the others have too much screaming.  I never really liked any music that was 99.9% screaming.  i like occasional screaming but not screaming all the way.
could not down load this song i have equipment that didn't work for this song im sure the song was good
This was an ok set of music selection for playing music space invaders. I was not sure was I I was expecting, but it has a punk vibe to the music.
Liked the first song on the album, but the rest are far more scream, metal rock than I care for.
this free sampler is good for a sampler but not something i would pay for. i like some of the songs tho.
I probably should have listened to more of the songs.  I like some of them and some of them are too growly for my taste.
Well it's free, so I tried it. It's got some good contemporary artists, and a few up and comers! Recommend for anyone interested in a good mix, with a few duds.
I got this sampler because I needed some fight music for a project. I don't really like the hard rockness of it, so I only really listen to the parts that do not have lyrics, which is usually the first few minutes of the song. Some have a nice rhythm to it. Other songs on the album I cannot stand. This might be a better music album for someone who enjoys rock as I don't really like that genre of music.
Lots of good music. you are missing out if you dont grab this while it is free. Metal lovers wont be disappointed.
I really didn't care about the song selections. I was ready to remove these song after listening to just a few songs.
If you want to listen to some music for free is a good option but at the end it was not my favorite type of music.
The cd has a couple of good songs. Back in high school, I would have loved it. But most of songs are a little too heavy for my 30 yr old taste
A brief bout of 'googling' reveals that Ghosthill were formed in 2009 in - of all places - Kaliningrad, Russia. This, their debut, arrived hot off the presses in 2010. Initial impressions are mixed. Opening up the nicely rendered booklet (full lyrics and credits) you note that the bass player, Leo, seems to have gone to a bespoke gentlemans outfitter who has recommended a fully open shirt teamed up with a scarf as a torso covering solution. Vocalist Mira seems to feel she may in fact be in a wet t-shirt competition and the rest of the band, guitarists Val and Nick, keyboardist Ilia and drummer 'John' look around twelve years old. Collectively. But hey, youthful vigour 'n' all that!The music is very euro tinged. It has a lot of power metal twinges lyrically, lost of fast paced Finnish style keyboard flourishes and a strident drum attack. Given the geographic position of Kaliningrad the band have chosen English as their linguistic weapon of choice and that makes sense as surely they are just as likely to be touring the minor festivals of Eastern Europe and Scandinavia rather then trawling about in 'mainland' Russia. It is more the grasp of English that is an issue. Perhaps, like some other bands have done they should use a native English speaker to browse the lyric sheet first. But full marks for giving it a shot. Mira has a pleasant enough voice and she avoids going down the operatic path and while her accent comes through it actually adds a somewhat exotic vibe to proceedings that some may find endearing.Musically the band have studied their influences well (about a million third tier Euro bands) and they do employ a full bodied attack where the drums and keyboards dominate with the guitarists mainly happy to add shades. That is not to say they are buried in the mix, but they very much carry along with the rhythm. The solos by the boys with axes are nice enough when they do occur however (see The Mist for an example). The band - as is to be expected - move up and down the register with some mellower tracks such as Silent Night.Production values have a budget feel about them but given this was their debut that adds more charm than it detracts. The vibe is somewhat reminiscent of Italian power metal - anaemic and highly sanitised and this runs through both the production values and the music in general.Ghosthill will suit fans of the lighter end of power metal. Also fans of female fronted Euro hard rock may get a kick out of this though you would have to be 'into' symphonic product enough to tolerate the production values and the keyboard/drum attack.
This is the only album of Sabaton I am giving 3 stars.  It is good, but I found as not unique when compared to other bands of the same genre.  Had this been the first album I came across, I may have passed up on Sabaton.  The songs just did not grab me as all of their songs in the later albums have, well perhaps with the exception of &#34;Shadows&#34;.I have no regret with the purchase of this as I have become a fan and Metalizer to me is seeing (I mean, listening) of their beginnings and how they have improved along with finding their unique signature.
Hello, this Progressive/Power Metal EP by Beyond unknown warrants 3.5 stars. Highlights are the tight musianship and song structures, accompanied by great solos. The drums and bass are tight and in great syncompation , delivering a heavy bottom end. The singing is raw and rough in spots,crisp and energizing in others, adding a great edge without going into extreme metal territory. This band clearly put a bit of thought and alot of passion into their music and have delivered a varied selection that kept me interested and excited to hear what came next.Perhaps the production/ engineering isnt the best however it doesnt stop 5 really good songs from kicking a little bit of a$$. I took a gamble on this band and it paid off. Give it a shot!!
Funny at first listen but quickly gets old.I found out about this band on the sick & wrong podcast.
London, Ontario's BEFORE THE DAMNED impressed Grammy nominated producer/engineer Sterling Winfield (PANTERA, DAMAGEPLAN, HELL YEAH) so much that he co-produced and mixed the eight songs appearing on Unanimosity. Add to that a guest appearance by KITTIE guitarist Tara McLeod on `Black Halo', and it seems like BTD called in all favours for their debut disc. Musically, `Gun To Mouth Blues' is a dead ringer for STEELHEART's `Stand Up And Shout', with a little bit of BLACK LABEL SOCIETY thrown in for good measure. The title track, `Hypnotize The Blind' and `Circled In Snakes' prove beyond a measure of a doubt that this quartet idolize Phil, Dime, Vinnie and Rex. Their self-described "whiskey trippin' vocals, gut fire guitar attack, and locomotive rhythm section" definitely get the job done, but a little more originality would go a long way.
I bought this for a "Sweet Jane" compilation, and I had to check the encoding rate. It sounds like a 96kbps MP3.
Some good talent on this sampler , and some that sound like crapBut the big plus is that facedown has Christian bands and I like some positive messages in music these days
These cds alltogether are never that great, but you can alwyas find a couple gems. I alwyas listen to these to see if I can find a new band to listen too.
although this album is not their best work it still has plenty to keep born from pain fans happy. The political commentary was unnessary and some of the instrumenation on the early tracks had a cheap keyboard sound which is why I deducted 2 stars. But the other tracks are good and make this cd worth having.
I absolutely love their first few albums. The new album just doesn't do it for me. They have a completely different sound from their first albums. It's not bad, and if you are into their new style it's pretty good, but I just don't like the new style.
Good job covering the best Tool songs, but the vocals are off somewhat....a good overall purchase though for the collection.
I was looking for something like this, and this is the closest I found. All in all, they did a pretty good job, but the only thing that sucked was that 46 and 2 cuts off and there is no drum solo. I noticed also that some songs are not the same length which means they get cut off. THIS SUCKS!! but i will work with what i got, it sounds pretty good, i just dont understand why anyone would cut off the best song. I mean, at least give it a try. Parabola cuts off too :(
Look, I am all for female-fronted (kinda) bands. But this one ain't all that great. I don't know what the issue is with continuously swapping lead male vocalists, but it's screwing with my ability to like this band. Everyone is talented enough, but also some of the songs just aren't that good.
For me, this single was a mixed bag. I thought the music was pretty cool. The problem is that Sebastian's voice seems to be a bit thrashed, and doesnt seem to have aged well. His vocals on this track benefit from the studio production, and it is obvious they layered his vocals to give them more depth. However, to me, they still seem strained and flat. It wasnt really surprising to me given his style of singing over the years (Broadway appearances notwithstanding). Most vocalists who sing the way Bach does tend to lose their voices as they get older. This is clearly the case here.The production and the music saves the track, but i dont think i would want to hear him try to sing this live.
I bought this album after listening to Lvl 2 for a few weeks and I was more than slightly disappointed.  My main issue is that the vocals are so much harsher than those of Lvl 2; it's to the point where it sounds like a completely different band.  I realize this is more of a musical taste complaint, but the vocals were so different that I really can't listen to this album at all.
I'll admit it - I just didn't really &#34;get&#34; this album at first. I listened to it and was like, &#34;What is this?&#34; I love hard, headbanging metal and classic country. Hank 3 does them both well...but...this just seemed bizarre. Cattle callers over death metal? Hank 3 dubbed it &#34;Cattle Core.&#34; I passed up purchasing the album at first. Then in October of 2013 I saw Hank 3 live. He played for 3 1/2 hours and stuck around to meet with all the fans. The last third of his set came from this album. I must say, it was an experience. I don't think you can truly appreciate it until you see it live. If you can imagine Hank 3 and his accompanying guitarist decked out in body armor from Hell thrashing out to this stuff then you have a slight idea. No, it's not his best stuff by any means. No, I have never listened from start to finish in one sitting. However, when I'm in the right mood, this album tickles a special place in my brain. The musicianship is solid as in all of 3's music but again, it's a bizarre trip to experience. It's definitely an acquired taste. I think 3 would have been better off just mixing a little of this in with some of his other projects, like maybe AssJack, instead of giving an entire album to it. Even the hardcore Hank 3 fan should approach this one with caution, because it is unlike anything else he has done.
I downloaded this album to prepare to see Hank 3 in concert (I'd heard some of his country songs on satellite radio). This album is pretty heavy and not really my preference out of all of his genres, but he is a talented musician, no doubt.
Band line up changed and the sound is a little generic best to keep you last album saved and look elsewhere
This is my first introduction to Gormathon...so far they aren't too bad. They have some songs that have similar sounds to Amon Amarth, but are nowhere near on that level (yet). I'll keep my eyes on these guys...if you are like me and own all of Amon Amarth's stuff and are looking for a similar alternative, this would be a good place to start.
At long last, Tim Lambesis puts out a release revolving around the cheesiest Christmas movie ever, Jingle All The Way.  The only problem with it, which becomes a constant, is its short length.  Understandably released in time for Christmas, these songs would be better served on a full length album.  Unfortunately, given the Governator's controversies of the last year it seems that this well has run dry.Perhaps "I'm Not a Pervert" is worthy of being noted only because of said controversies revolving the other love child.  Otherwise, "It's Turbo Time" largely sounds like previous material with a few lyrical changes.  If you're like me and feel like you may as well have every last ADM item, go for it.  For any serious metal-head though, you can safely skip this one and not feel left out.
I  got this because of a song or two I heard.  It sounded cool.  And it isn't bad as a whole though it is a bit uneven.  If you are looking for an alternative to standard Christmas music this is an alright alternative.  Just do not expect it to replace them because after a listen or two you will be ready to return to more finely crafted music.
Ok. I thought it would be better. the best song is Raise A Fist
This song hooked me on my way home from work, I'd missed the que-in so I had to do some searching, imagine my surprise  when I found it out was Shinedown. While it's a far cry from .45 it's still very powerful sounding, I just wished they'd gone with a message other than 'the meek will inherit the earth', Honestly I think it's just been played that to death and thus has made audiences a little numb to the message. There are a few out there to whom this song may be INCREDIBLY powerful, but they missed the masses and while I applaud them for cheering on the underdog I wish they'd write something a little deeper.
In my opinion the first 2 Shinedown cds are their best material.Once they started changing members then the music started changing.When they play the old stuff "live" now it just don't sound the same to me anymore.They will never beat the first 2 cds.Just an opinion but that's how i feel.
Shinedown seems to be a band that all ages can agree on.  The band makes songs that hold real value, instead of the main stream screamer crap that comes out from many of the popular bands now.  That said, this song just doesn't cut it.  So, this is me being hopeful that they just picked a song on their CD that they thought would draw in a younger generation and failed--leaving the rest of their music untouched.
I LOVED the fire in our throats... it was not straight-up, down-tuned riffing throughout... it had great dynamic.  pelican has definitely carved out their sound, but when left with little variation, for me at least, i find it tiring.  so, when i gave this a listen i was happily surprised.
Swedish band BURNING SAVIOURS was formed back in 2003, and for the next five years they were an active live and recording unit, with three full length albums to their name prior to splitting up in 2008. Two years later they reformed however, now sporting a revised line-up. Since then they've been working with a project called "F&ouml;rbannelsen", with a planned set of thematically connected 7 inch vinyl singles. "The Offering" is the second of four planned parts of this endeavour, and was released by Night Tripper Records in the summer of 2012.A-side The Offering is a nice composition. A mid-paced affair with a snail-paced chorus, featuring a few instrument details borrowed more or less directly from what is likely a main source of inspiration, namely Black Sabbath. Apart from these instrumental touches the overall sound is one that owes quite a lot to Iommi's classic foursome from the 70's. Up to and including the nice, blues-oriented guitar solo. But the end sequence is another story entirely. Tied in with the lyrical topic covered I presume, we're served a dampened, delightfully ominous sequence where glockenspiel and a light-toned clean guitar jointly manage to create a brooding, fearful atmosphere. Haunting stuff, and highly effective to boot.B-side Spirit of the Woods is a shorter, compact affair. Another composition made in the vein of 70's Black Sabbath, albeit not sporting any direct references as such apart from the overall sound and vibe. An elegant drums and bass standalone theme is a nice touch on this one, used three times in total and each of them as a transitional phase. To good effect I might add. A nifty combination of melodic soloing on top of wandering riff patterns and fragmented soloing on top of impact riffs another feature worth mentioning.The vinyl single itself is, take note vinyl enthusiasts, literally a heavy package. The single itself a heavy slab, and contained within a stiff cardboard cover with beautifully printed artwork. When I was in my teens I used to buy protective plastic covers for such productions, so that I could attach the cover to the wall, displaying my precious works of art for whoever dared to enter my teenage cave. 25 years ago this is one of the album covers I would have displayed, and with a certain sense of pride I believe.My rating: 70/100
I was very excited to see this release, and immediately purchased the MP3 album. By song 3 it was clear that this it NOWHERE NEAR to the quality of New Religion. The songwriting, particularly the choruses (they lack punch!), is just not the same. Fire it Up, Downtown, and Sweet, Bad, & Beautiful are by far the best songs. It seems that they do the worst when they try to "be themselves" rather than emulating/channeling the greats. Oh well. It's probably still worth it for a dedicated fan (who are we kidding? You already have it.) and better than most other stuff out there. Now if I could only get a hold of Loud Minority at a non-import price...
I downloaded this album really late at night with the lights off. Although it scared the crap-ola out of me, I really dug it and never stopped listening until the whole album was over. There are these really cool interludes all throughout the album, some instrumental, some just downright creepy! This guy produces growls and shrills that will give you chills down your back. The riffs are really cool, they change up the time signature quite a bit and its just scary as hell!
Alright, I know... I know... Disarmonia Mundi rocked. Or rather... rocks. The fact that the lead composer/sing and his odd death/talk growl buddy decided to get a touring band together is great. I'm all for it.This album is what we the fans want and don't want. The good? ITS MORE! More music. More songs. More awesome action. The bad? You've heard this album before. Twice if your counting.I just cant seem to find anything new with this CD. Its got all the goodies of the elder, yet nothing more. It's like their music isn't changing. That doesn't change the fact however, that I still generally enjoy what these guys do.Listen to the CD before you buy it. It starts off really great, I know. But trust me, eventually you will hear the repetitions and the same old song and dance.I'm not saying don't support these super talented people. PLEASE support good bands. Just listen to it before you buy it.- Pixxle
I thought I'd check it out since I am a big fan of Scar Symmetry & Solution .45. The music was bada$$ & so was the vox; my only complaint was that I thing the songs(& album as a whole) could have been more powerful w/ more diverse vox rather than indescernable gutterations throughout the whole thing. 2 of the tracks had a baritone vocal harmony mixed low but not enough to grab a hold of. I think more of the baritone vox as a chorus section &/or alternating w/ verse would have made this cd come alive. Its a long way from contending w/ the CD greats of 1995, i.e. Symbolic, Pierced From Within, Once Upon the Cross, etc., but it jams none-the-less!
I enjoyed Miseration's first album a lot but this album has changed vocals and I miss the variety Demons/Angels had brought to the table. Still a buy cause its good and its Miseration but not a breathtaking album.
Notice that the original LP had the words "Greatest Hits" in quotes. While the group really did have a couple hits, they were hardly worthy of a greatest hits compilation.If we call their style "unique" then this album almost works. It is an interesting collection of covers which is why I gave it three stars. I have a weird attraction to covers (the worse the better). Still, there are not enough tracks on this album to keep me interested for long.
Every album by In This Moment has been different. Beautiful Tragedy was powerful and raw and featured aggressive metalcore guitars and vocals. For The Dream, In This Moment mixed things up and focused on soulful melody and a more mainstream sound over power and aggressiveness and ultimately produced a masterpiece. With the third album, A Star-Crossed Wasteland, we got the best of both worlds, a crescendo of melodic metalcore, soulful and harmonic, yet also powerful and aggressive. Needless to say, I was expecting a lot from this album, and unfortunately, it just doesn't quite deliver. Maria Brink again delivers a mix of clean and screamed vocals, as well as some raspy, almost spoken word sort of passages, but the hauntingly soulful melody I've grown accustomed to getting seems more forced than anything. The guitar work also differs substantially from what we've seen before, with a greater emphasis on electronic effects rather than a more traditional metalcore (or pop metal) sound that we'd gotten in the first three albums. In general, the musicianship seemed a little uninspired - perhaps in part due to some turnover in the band members, I'm not sure.With all that said however, there's some good music to be had here. The album starts off slow, in my opinion, with the first song of note being "Whore", which at first was a bit dark and unappealing for me but has hence grown on me. "Burn" is fantastic and is an obvious choice for a single (probably should have been the first single instead of the almost dub-steppy "Blood"), and the second half of the album is a lot stronger than the first, with a better mix of metal and melody and less electronic distortions.Not every In This Moment album will be a masterpiece - this one certainly isn't. But the past two albums were, so perhaps my expectations were simply too high here. Regardless, enjoy the album for what it is: a solid effort by an exceptional band.
There is nothing wrong with this album, but nothing to make it a classic, either. It is a great success story and good for the band for selling so much of it, but I'd be surprised if it's remembered 2 or 3 years from now, let alone 20. Brink is a powerful siren and she cuts loose and belts and wails for almost all of this album. The production, which is really what is making this, I think, since the songs are a bit pedestrian and dull, is top notch and spot on. Ultimately though, once the wow factor of Brink's vocal acrobatics wear off, there's just not that much left.
This album is... Okay. In This Moment has definitely changed with every single album they've released; Beautiful Tragedy was hard and gritty, then they went right in to The Dream which had a much more lyrial feel with pretty much none of the grit from Beautiful Tragedy. Then came the happy medium that was found with Starcrossed Wasteland, which I though to be a near perfect synergy of their previous two albums. Blood, to me, feels like a very awkward step back towards Beautiful Tragedy, and probably not for the better. I admit that the title track does start to grow on you, but none of the other tracks on the album really strike me as anything I'd like to hear more of from In This Moment.So, if you loved Beautiful Tragedy, this album is probably more your speed. If you were a fan of The Dream or A Starcrossed Wasteland, you may want to give this one a miss. And if you're just a strait In This Moment fan... Then you probably didn't read this review and already bought the album regardless of what everyone else thought.
blood and whore are the two best songs on it so far. The rest i haven't got much into but there can be a piercingly sharp inflection in some of her screaming that makes it hard to listen to. Sometimes the tempo rises and falls too much also. Like i said though i may find more to like with more time.
I will not go through each song mindlessly as this collection simply does not warrant it. I knew that ITM could not duplicate Star Crossed Wasteland which had imagination and was a peak for creativity with this band and simply put, very unique and full of effort. The latest offering (studio album #4)is not a bad collection but there isn't anything special that will be memorable. I am about to see ITM live next week and look forward to it but am hoping for alot of tunes from the past albums. Oddly enough, I find the best part of this CD to be the latter half. One song though sounds just like a Kings Of Leon song and another starts of identical to a Stabbing Westward song (too much so). This has been a slow year for music and I would have given this collection 2.5 stars if that was possible. Recommend sampling and buying the tunes you want from it.
I have been a fan of In This Moment since i discovered them on a hard rock metal station back in 2007 when the first album Beautiful Tragedy came out and this album to me is not even close to there best. Maria Brink has a good voice she sounds like a Debbie Harry of Blondie or early Pat Benatar which is a good thing besides her playboy bunny good looks which is all the press talks about in magazines.the band was also very good except now that there is only Maria and the guitarist left. there are a few very good songs that make the album worth buying and a lot of filler. From The Ashes is the best melodie and catchy chorus and Scarlet is also a good poppy song ,a lot of the songs are mostly screaming not singing which i am not a fan of.I bought the album cause i am a longtime fan if your not a big In This Moment fan then buy the first album which is there best record the second album and then this album. this album gets 3 stars for the good songs!
Five stars rate is not adequate to evaluate this work.It is really good, but four stars, just under the perfection is too much, three stars is too low.In any case this album is a very good puchase!
Not a terrible album, but not as good as Beautiful Tragedy was. If you're a fan of ITM you shouldn't have a problem listening to it.
You can tell they idolize Kitty and Flyleaf. If you combined them (30% Kitty and 70% Flyleaf) In This Moment is what you would end up with. Every song comes in 1 of 2 sounds: lame or slighty forced anger. The album's best moments are due to skilled studio mixing, but it does have it's moments. Why is it so hard to find genuine aggresiveness and originality in a female band? I guess Otep won't be loosing it's crown any time soon.
This is a pretty decent album overall.  It could do without the filler tracks, not a fan of 11:11 and Comanche is terrible imo.  But a lot of the other songs range from good to great.  Favorites are Burn and Whore.  I think it's definitely worth $6.
For those who have been following ITM since Beautiful Tragedy you are used to change.  They have released four full length albums and all four are different.  They may have gone a bit too far for some on this one. I'm into quite a bit of industrial music as well as metal, so the electronic stuff didn't bother me but if you are a fan of the heavier, faster ITM songs or don't care for the first single 'Blood' or the dub-step influences you may wanna give this a pass because that's pretty much what the rest of the album is like.  As far as the rest the production is excellent, the song writing is good and there aren't any songs on the album I dislike.  Its just that the tempo is incredibly flat.  Nothing super-mellow (except maybe 11:11) and nothing super-heavy.That being said, 'Burn' is probably my favorite track here.  'Whore', Blood' and 'Adrenalize' are all good as well.  As a long-time fan of the band I am hoping that this isn't just a blatant attempt by them for a bit of commercial success because if it is I'm afraid they will lose as many fans as they gain.  They seem to be favoring the new material in their live shows as well.  I was at the Dayton, Oh show and besides their headlining set being incredibly short (8 or 9 songs) only 3 were from their first three albums.  I get the idea of promoting new material but it would have been nice to throw the long-time fans a bone too.
I'll preface this review by saying that this style of music isn't what I'm typically into and I'm probably not the target market. I get the feeling when listening to it that it's for a younger audience (teenagers), not that there's anything wrong with that.About the album - the singer is very talented and has a great voice, and the music is mostly good too. I think they did a good job of mixing metal riffs with electronic elements. When they do it right and everything falls into place, they can kick ass and create a good vibe.But it's hit or miss. There's several cringe-inducing moments on this album. One thing that gets old after a while is the singer's whining around mad-at-the-world type approach. Don't get me wrong, I listen to a lot of death metal and screaming and growling is something I can usually tolerate. And this girl actually does have a good screaming voice. But with song after song, it starts to feel like the same "somebody upset me and now I'm RAAAAAGGING" routine over and over again and it begins to seem like a worn out cliche. We get it, you're upset. Just chill out for a second and try to write a good song.I get that she's really putting herself out there like that, showing her emotions on her sleeve for all to see, and I can respect that because it does take guts, but I think this album would have been a lot better if they would have toned it down on that a little bit. One song of that is enough - I could tolerate it on Blood but they didn't need to keep rehashing it.Having said all that, this is a talented band and can rock when they want to. It's not the most sophisticated music you've ever heard, these are really stripped down basic riffs, but they work for the type of music this is.
French project RESILIENCE was formed back in 2004, and the following year they had a demo tape ready and started working on their debut album. Following a four year long pause work commended again in 2011, and 2012 saw them release their debut album "Rebirth 2.0". Self-released as of now, but it would appear that they wouldn't mind getting some label interest for their production.The creative heart of this band is Adeline Gurtner (vocals) and Benjamin Sertelon (guitars), and as one might surmise vocals and guitars are essential features in the music that has been crafted. The style resides somewhere in the realm of contemporary metal, and an accessible one at that.The most striking detail of this album is a rather different one though, and one that first and foremost is found in the initial phases of their compositions. Intriguing and fairly innovative use of electronics, paired off with electric or acoustic guitars, creates compelling moods and atmospheres throughout. A brilliant approach the band might explore a bit more to my mind, as quite a few of them really made a grand impact. Instead Resilience opts to shift focus on to more conventional arrangements as the songs develop, frequently alternating between gentler passages and guitar riff driven constructions backed by the solid rhythms of Yann Van Eijk. Pleasant and fairly accessible metal with a strong mainstream orientation, with ample room for the lead vocals of Gurtner to soar, especially when the songs hit one of the tranquil phases obviously.And when they opt to experiment also later on in the songs or for more elongated spans, not all of the more or less innovative approaches will sit too well with a core metal audience. The Fall, with some sort of twisted guitar version of modern R'n'B for instance, or the more techno-inspired electronic twists found on Rewind. Most certainly innovative and creative, but not material of the kind that will open the hearts of too many fans of acts like, say, Motorhead.The album itself is a pleasant one though, I'll readily admit to that. With Introspection 2.0 as the high point for me, a piece that alternates between a purebred ballad expression and a harder edged metal style, with guest vocalist Daniel Gildenl&ouml;w's vocal talents elevating this piece into a a more intriguing experience by his sheer passionate delivery."Birth 2.0" is a promising debut album by a band that flirt with and utilize electronics and synths to good effect in an otherwise fairly mainstream oriented, accessible variety of contemporary metal. Not a brilliant beacon in the realm of metal, but one worth checking out by those with a taste for accessible metal bands that does incorporate a few sophisticated details into their material. That they have a female lead vocalist might also be a detail worth mentioning as for whether or not this is a production worth giving an initial spin.My rating: 65/100
Great album so bones crushing the rifts are amazing love the drums and the singing is phenomenal man these bands from the Middle East can sure rock hard and loud this crap is off the wall.Recommend if you want something new.
Formed this year Italian duo Blackhammer turns out a debut, following the recording of the demo Daemon & a single, that is as basic as one can get, sparse & painfully cold death. It's music for zombies to plod by. Actually, this type of black metal is the shining forte of Dod Incarnate Records that also features noise monsters Dod Beverte & Dethcentrik.Eight tracks cut off any sense of daylight or hope via a single Television-esque crooked guitar riffing tirelessly against top speed pounding double bass drums & croaked vocals. The music has a bit of a droning hypnotic quality, decrying solos or much variation once the pattern is established. Though, at over three minutes it can make a song a bit long, without at least a break or scream or something. It doesn't help that the production is also as bare as one can get. No studio tweaks. Though, it would be interesting to hear a simple keyboard line tucked into the mix adding some light ambiance giving a bit of warmth to the starkness. This is the music community moral groups warn you not to listen to. Though, it's not necessarily Satanic, just as black & raw as it gets. "The Story Of Your Death", "XIII", "The Beginning Of Agony", "Fire Above Us", "Agony", "Endless Sufference", "The Face Of Death", "Buried Under The Desert Sun" walk you through zombie land.It should be noted it that there is two different sessions as "XIII", "Agony" & "Fire Above Us" come over from the demo, which is obvious as a couple songs have one guitar sound while the demos have a more fuzzed up variation. I'd label this an EP though its beyond that at eight songs, but three of the songs are under a minute & mearly sound bridges.
i bought this album always looking for some thing i havn't heard i have listened to this at least 5 times now all the way through, and i can honestly tell you its just ok for me... i don't think i heard maybe 1 or 2 guitar leads on this whole record...a few cool vocal affects apart from it sounded like the singer was cupping the mic throught he whole record... i think it would have been better if i could understand more than just a few lyrics though out... in my opinion this is just another average death metal band with below average songwriting... i thought this album could have been a lot better...
I absolutely love this band and this seems to be their first English language cd. I do have to say, however, that I prefer the earlier, Polish language, albums. I don't know who wrote the English lyrics to the songs, but they could use some proofing as some phrases are awkward and overly simplistic, sometimes a bit childish. Their musicality, however, makes up for it. I would suggest any earlier album before you judge them too harshly.
I liked this song for its nice guitar sound. It also matched and mixed the vocals with the songs harmonics well. The erratic guitar rhythm was distracting to the overall flow of the song in my opinion. If it wasn't for that, I would have probably given it 5 stars.
Hey, it's free tunes. If you're looking to try out a new genre or just want to fill up your music player, this is a good option.
Includes an interesting collection of artists.  Some I've heard of and others I haven't.  Sound quality is decent. Glad I got it.
Free tunes, not a bad way to share some speedy riffs and big bands with your lan viewers.  some new, classic and all kick groins
Overall pretty enjoyable. Good span of genres represented on here. Folk, Death, Progressive, Thrash, Traditional, Hard Rock. There is a metalcore song or two on here, but they're not too bad...we've all heard worse. It's free, so how can you complain?
Solid metal music on this Nuclear blast 25th anniversary compilationDefiantly recommend  checking it out for a good metal listen
Could be better but does have a couple good bands.  I like these samplers so I can find new bands that I have not heard before.
If you like stoner rock, you should like this album.  Nothing on it is groundbreaking or no one song has that hook or riff that makes you listen it to over and over.  It's a solid album thats good all the way through, although I don't think its memorable.  I do like supporting artists that make classic sounding rock and will continue to purchase their albums to show my support.
but it is some more sludgy versions of some older songs. not mandatory material, but I guess I wasn't THAT disappointed by it. guess the new album is this summer.
While you do get some Zach Stevens with Savatage vibe out of this, it never really gets over the top in the kick ass department. Too many slow sections bogs down the rocking flow of this album. I can see the potential for greatness in this band, but not quite there yet. Someone like me is always digging for unheard bands, so chances are taken often, definitely not the worst music I've purchased, and will listen to the good songs on here.
Like how Striborgs album's are so atmospheric their cool but Russell Menzie's vocals are just to much for me I can't stand his vocals their not harsh their just creepy and that's all but at least he makes up for it with his style of music cause I like the drums and the guitars  on his albums but the whole vocals thing is not good can't stand them.decent album just can't stand vocals
I thought this was killer on my first listen, but I haven't been inspired to give it many repeat plays; which is odd because I love metal in the springtime.  I think the use of tremolo picking/strumming made songs seem a bit same-y, despite it's shorter sunning time (I say shorter, but I think ~40 minutes is the perfect length for an album).I'll be psyched when my iPod shuffles onto one of these songs, but won't be putting their album on too frequently.
Polished but aggressive, nice blend of melody, traditional thrash and power metal. The first half of this album is pretty good. Good vocals and clean instrumentals. Good drumming.
Kind of boring if you ask me the folkish instruments are folkish style and the singing is like any other I guess Death Metal or Pagan Metal band out their but theirs no feeling in the music or the words its all bland.
First off the production is actual decent compared to the Norwegian or Finnish type Black Metal Bands but still has the same bone crushing harshness as the Norwegian or Finnish type Metal bands in the Black Metal Genre the only thing I can't stand about the French Legion or and French Black metal group is that the vocals are just horrible I mean they all sound the same its grim and dark but just plan ass boring to me this no inspiration in the vocals its like they don't even try when their singing their like huh that's bad enough so people my think were you know Pure Black Metal so I guess it works blah blah blah.I could Recommend this to anyone who like Black or Death Metal but if your use to Norway or Swedish type of bands you might not like this French Black metal Style of Music. Just saying
My head hurts when I continue to read articles and hear about new music from two different versions of Queensryche. REVIEW UPDATE: After listening to the song a bit more, I'll give it one more star. But that's it. It's not worth 4, or even 5, stars.
I despise Geoff Tate. In my mind, he is the very definition of several harsh words which I refuse to use here. Every new fact that surfaces about him, every new interview in which he spouts more of his trademark nonsense, and every ridiculous decision he makes have all contributed towards my ever-lowering opinion of this man. Based on his behaviour over recent years, I can confidently conclude that Tate is a selfish narcissist who is solely responsible for the poor direction of Queensrche and the tarnishing of their name. As a result, I want him to fail; I want his false, manufactured version of Queensrche to flop, and I want him to hit rock bottom, simply for the purpose of instilling some humility in this pompous, delusional individual.But, it is with disappointment that I must announce that "Cold" - the first single off of the upcoming 'Frequency Unknown' album - is not bad. Sigh. It's actually better than most of the material that has been released under the Queensrche name over the past four years. It has a riff that isn't half-bad, it has a memorable and catchy chorus and a relatively impressive solo in there as well. Heck, even Tate's vocals don't sound too terrible. I mean, they're not heyday level, but they're not unbearable.If I was going to complain about something, though, it would be the production. There really isn't much meat to this song's overall sound, and it is very untidy and poorly mixed to my ears. I've heard demos from much smaller metal bands which have better production than this (which is either a sign of the rushed nature of 'Frequency Unknown', or a testament to the disorganization in camp Tate... or both). And whilst we're on the topic of flaws, the lyrics are pretty cliche and sub-standard as well - a glaring problem in Tate's solo work which shows up just as prominently here. Also, whilst relatively enjoyable and well-written, the music isn't exactly all that adventurous either, especially when we're talking about a guy who's criticized his fans for being close-minded and 'un-accepting of new things.' If Tate was truly of the adventurous mind, surely his music would reflect that... But I guess I shouldn't try to expect too much consistency from a man who lets his actions shape his opinions and not vice-versa.Anyway, in short, "Cold" is nothing special, but is still much more respectable that anything I would have expected from dear Geoffry. Now we'll just wait and see if he can keep it up over the course of an entire album. Something tells me that he can't (that 'something' being the rather awful ITunes samples I heard several weeks back), but hey, miracles do happen, even for those who perhaps don't deserve them.
Based on the track listing, I had higher expectations for this disc.  The cover of ZZ's 'Sharp Dressed Man' comes off quite well; probably the best track on here.  The cover of Sabbath's 'Paranoid' is pretty solid too.  Wish I could say the same for 'Iron Man', which is too flat.I think they missed a great opportunity with Amy Winehouse's 'Rehab'.  Had they only slowed it down and made it chunkier & funkier in the heavy style 'Lava' or 'Crumbs' from the Filth Pig album.  The same could be said for their version 'Iron Man': I wish they taken a heavier, sludgier approach.  Unfortunately, I didn't find any of the other covers worth mentioning.They really were not any more successful covering their own tunes.  Their 2010 updates of 'NWO' and especially 'Everyday is Halloween' are decent.  The other 3 Ministry updates are lackluster, in my opinion.This album (like its predecessor 'Cover Up') had a lot of potential based on the tracks Al & Co chose to cover.  However (and also like 'Cover Up') they just didn't pull it off as well as they could have....pity.
Let me start by saying I was very skeptical of picking this up. First off, since Amazon did such a bang up job of providing information on the album, I had no idea what to expect. And the last time I checked Wiki, there was no page for this album. Secondly, the fact that FIVE of the songs on a CD consisting of cover songs were done by Ministry themselves, had me extremely weary. I just hoped that those songs were being covered by the Co-Conspirators. Here is where things get weird(er); there are no guest vocalists on this album. Some of the instrumentation may feature guest artists but due to the fact that the CD is a digipack and has no booklet (and I have no idea as to who would be in the band's rotation), I'm not clear on that. Here is what I DO know. The 5 Ministry songs are not just re-releases but re-creations. Al has gone back and remade these older songs into something different. Some more different than others; the remake of Everyday Is Halloween is much faster and more aggressive, where others such as N.W.O. and Stigmata are mainly just louder and meaner. Also, Khyber Pass is even crazier somehow... Thats all ok with me, it was interesting to hear the differences. The cover songs themselves are hit or miss. As with Cover Up, the nature of many of the songs they chose to do are much slower than typical (modern) Ministry. Some of the songs seemed to plod along at an unremarkable slog (Purple Haze and Thunderstruck come to mind). Conversely, some sounded just fine as Ministry songs (Iron Man is terrific and Paint It Black has some wonderful Mariachi guitars). It mainly comes down to a matter of taste. If you liked Cover Up, you should probably get this. At least ALL the songs on here are new recordings. Keep in mind the 3 stars are VERY subjective to my tastes, it just sounds weird to me when they do songs with more conventional structures. To me there were too many average cover songs to justify 4 stars, despite the high caliber of the good songs. Imagine its a 3 3/4 star... I mainly put this up here to get information out to you guys. So without further pissing and moaning... The Tracklist! The names of the bands being covered are in paranthesis after the track title. Just in case...1. Iron Man (Black Sabbath)2. Stranglehold (Nugent)3. N.W.O.4. Stigmata5. Purple Haze (Hendrix)6. Paranoid (Ozzy)7. Thunderstruck (AC/DC)8. Sharp Dressed Man (ZZ Top)9. Jesus Built My Hotrod10. Rehab (Amy Winehouse) (I know, WTF right?)11. Everyday Is Halloween12. Paint It Black (Rolling Stones)13. Khyber PassTotal Runtime: 61 minutes (and there are no big blank spots with a hidden track at the end, thank GOD)Remember - It's only one man's opinion!
Another set of nutty covers, only three years after the last one. This one is a bit more uneven, combining &#8220;covers&#8221; of five Ministry songs (nearly half of the release!!!), along with a non-classic rock selection &#8211; Amy Winehouse&#8217;s &#8220;Rehab&#8221;. The other six of the 12 songs are classic rock, exactly like what was on &#8220;Cover-Up&#8221;.The collection kicks off with &#8220;Iron Man&#8221; by Black Sabbath, bringing to three the number of Sabbath titles that the band does (along with &#8220;Supernaut&#8221;, an old nugget from the 1,000 Homo DJs project, and later on this album also &#8220;Paranoid&#8221;). Ted Nugent&#8217;s &#8220;Stranglehold&#8221; is a pretty standard little number. The cover of &#8220;NWO&#8221; is pretty similar to what was on Psalm 69, okay, and the cover of &#8220;Stigmata&#8221; is a bit thinned out. &#8220;Paranoid&#8221; rages, with plenty of wacky instrumental parts added, the bridge appearing a second (unneeded) time, an extended nutbar solo (or solos), all leading to a near-doubling of Sabbath&#8217;s shortest song to four minutes. Draaaaaag it out. AC/DC&#8217;s &#8220;Thunderstruck&#8221; is an inspired selection, as few other bands can rival the huge Ministry sound. It&#8217;s a good little cover, full of bombastic pomposity. The band&#8217;s version of ZZ Top&#8217;s &#8220;Sharp Dressed Man&#8221; is huge and metallic, quite a lot different than the original, to say the least, but still fairly true to the original with its boogie stomp (Jourgensen idolizes ZZ Top and Cheap Trick &#8211; probably more than any other band after Black Sabbath, I&#8217;d say). There&#8217;s yet another remix of &#8220;Jesus Built My Hotrod&#8221;, nothing special there, and a blistering approach to Amy Winehouse&#8217;s &#8220;Rehab&#8221; &#8211; a song with special meaning for Jourgensen, of course &#8211; that he sings with full off-key aplomb. &#8220;Every Day Is Hallowe&#8217;en&#8221; is a funky rock remake of the ancient song from the band&#8217;s first album, something Jourgensen has tried to turn his back on, but which he embraces quite fully here. There are hardly any keyboards on this one, the main beat re-created with guitars. Cool! &#8220;Paint It Black&#8221; is a deliciously-evil-sounding little number, in full production, while &#8220;Khyber Pass&#8221;, a Ministry song, brings it right back down &#8211; a great, mysterious song that deserves 20 minute-long remixes, not short little ones like we get here at only seven minutes long (shorter, actually, than the version on Rio Grande Blood!). This version differs from the album version as it has a longer intro (wailing female vocals) and a shorter verse-chorus section (&#8221;Where&#8217;s Bin Ladin&#8221;). Very nice!
not that good.its all about mike not the music.he was so much better with halford.does'nt write very good music. try again mike
I'm a huge fan of Amon Amarth. I'm a huge fan of covers. So I bought this. Kinda wish I didn't. It's one of those things that's a good gimmick, like jalapeno flavored beer. You try it once and tell everyone you know about it but you never drink it again. I thought it was cool they did this cover EP and the tracks are entertaining but I only listened to it twice before I said &#34;why did I buy this? I could have checked it out on youtube and been equally as entertained.&#34;
This album is sort of odd its like their all demo's or something cause every song is sung differently and each song has a different production or something I don't know but different.
Good album love the guitars and the drums but the singing is just horrible I mean all this screeching and yelling is just dumb but the guitars are good along with the drums.all n all decent effortbut not a fan of the yelling
Not bad.  If you have liked the last few albums, then you will enjoy this one.  A few new licks, but what happened after Souless and Hating Life?  I don't want the same as those two and sure the more recent ones are o.k., but I personally would like to hear something with a little more GRAVE groove in it.
Some good songs on there for me but some just aren't my style but they maybe for you.but it's worth downloading cause some of those samples are to short they don't play the good parts of the songs.
Most of this generous &#34;record&#34;  is what I would call &#34;Scream Rock, &#34;  or &#34;Devil Metal,&#34; which has its place in my vast music collection.  However, hidden among these are gems, little nuggets of esoteric pop, country, and rock.  There is even a song with a Mick Jagger sound-alike that I swear must actually Jagger trying to pull one over on his fans much like Paul McCartney sometimes likes to do.  It is worth a listen.
Some songs are great some are just ok. The best song on here is Red Fang's. But there albums you won't be disappointed.
I have chosen three stars because,some of the bands on the compilation are not good(in my opinion).You can say over the years Relapse Records went down hill.Trust me(Taken from a metal heads point of view),I used to order stuff from Relapse Records until they started signing some crappy bands to their label.Plus,their prices and shipping shot up.But,this was a free download....so I am not complaining.....This is just my opinion and review about this compilation.
Some people argue about what Black Flag is and which members have created the biggest impact on its success. I have been listening to Black Flag since I was a kid. Damaged opened my you g mind and ears to something powerful. Then in 1984 Who's Got The 10 1/2 live album came out, it transformed my perception of man (and woman's) power to control chaos actually was.The recent tour brought it all back to me, and made me from that powerful surge of invincibility. It reminded me that it is  it the lyrics of Black Flag that I had connected to in the beginning, but the discordant melodies of Greg Ginns' guitar playing. This latest album showcases the power of Greg's guitar playing and the places that it can take the psyche of the punk rock being. However the low to e, muddled mastering and the "one trick" vocals does it no justice. I am not sure what they were going for with the mastering, but i would be more i to it if excellent rhythms and guitar playing were more crisp and assaulting. Black Flag has been an in your face force for decades, and as much as I love it at really loud levels, this album is not as gripping as it should be. Largely due to the production value. This Is  2014 and the technology is there to do many things. Many that was the purpose, downplay the production value to rebel against all of the over produced s*** on the market today. However, they were more crisp live and I. My opinion would have been better of releasing a live album. Still I am moved by the music and am glad that I own this piece of current history
What might have been with a little editing (actually a LOT of editing) and a decent mix. I.e. one that wasn't muddy where one could actually hear the drums and vocals without straining. But I'm afraid Black Flag guitarist and headman Greg Ginn has opted to produce What The... himself and in doing so has created a murky sonic soup of an album that whose only similarity to previous Black Flag efforts is the name.For the old fan that I am I find little to none of that cathartic release that Black Flag's best material still gives me. This isn't the First Four Years, Damaged or Slip It In by a LONG margin. What The.. isn't awful, but I'm not going to be playing it much again. Some of these funk/punk or mid-tempo excursions might have worked better if the vocals and drums were more integrated with the guitar. But the way this album is mixed the vocals and drums sound almost like an afterthought. Certainly Ginn gives them much less importance compared to his own contributions. But lets be honest here, the drummer isn't all that great to begin with, being servicable but without personality and the bass is played by Greg Ginn under his old pseudonym Dale Nixon. The consequence being a lack of rhythm section interplay with the guitar... the overly LOUD guitar. Ron Reyes was never my favorite vocalist with BF. He isn't bad vocally but his lyrics, those I can understand anyway, to often swing from mediocre to cringe-worthy. The worst criticism is that I could live with the muddy mix and the lackluster lyrics if the songs were at all memorable. Most aren't and it's not worth wading through the 22 songs to find the good ones. Compositionally this is far from the avant-punk/metal of Black Flag's last album In My Head. It's not nearly as adventurous, with few of the Greg Ginn patented so wrong it's right guitar leads or off kilter rhythms.With some editing and a clearer mix this would have been much better but as it is I gotta file it under "meh." I can't give it two stars, two and a half would be closer to the mark, so I'm giving it three.Btw I saw these guys live in Santa Cruz and they were powerful, much moreso than on this album because they played a lot of older material and Greg went wild with the leads.
If someone gave me these recordings and passed em off as demos for a new Flag album; I&#8217;d say wow! Can&#8217;t wait until they flesh out the best 10 or 12 tunes! It&#8217;s a frustrating listen, but one with many flashes of brilliance. Top complaints: muddy production and an off balance mix that bury the drums (which sound like wet mattresses - when you CAN hear them). Most of the tracks feel like over-rushed, half-baked ideas for songs. Promising rhythm breaks end abruptly just as they&#8217;re about to take off, ripping Ginn solos break off after a few seconds, and sorry but Reyes was never a favorite of mine. He sounds much as he did in the late 70&#8217;s, which isn&#8217;t necessarily a good thing over 20+ tracks.That said there are about half a dozen or so songs that any Flag fan would appreciate it and should add to their collection; &#8220;My Blood&#8217;s Pumping&#8221; &#8220;Down in the Dirt&#8221;, &#8220;Off My Shoulders&#8221;, &#8220;Bitter End&#8221;, &#8220;Not My Time&#8221;, &#8220;Lies&#8221; and few others.Ginn also comes up with some dense, knotty classic riffage. But I wanna keep yelling; brighten up the mix! Turn up the drums! Do a longer rythm break! SHUT UP Ron!One gets the sense that the material was stitched together in parts (lets record the bass today, then the drums next week etc&#8230;) and not really worked out as a band over weeks of practice and refinement. It sounds pro-tooled to death. Seeing as the band leader is HALF the band, principal songwriter and label chief it&#8217;s no wonder the album is also overwhelmed by an annoyingly loud guitar mix. Flag is best when Ginn&#8217;s explosive guitar work is jabbing and snarling against a rhythm section that knows how to goad and challenge him.Many of the best songs here are actually not long enough. The ideas inside them are not allowed to breathe, the musicians never really exploring  and teasing out some really bright moments.Had the band and production been handled by tough, disciplined producer who knows the band (Spot, Bill Stevenson, anyone..?!) this could have been yet another great Flag album.
Don't drink from the poisoned well and listen for yourself. I reserve judgement but I do know there are tracks I do enjoy and I will give the album an honest opportunity. To pan it out of the gates is just symptomatic of the generation we live in- one that is too hasty and obnoxious to be sincere.
The new Ethersens album &#34;Your Wandering Ghost&#34; is a moody dark journey into the despair and loss experienced by Laurent Mora, lead vocalist for the band. The personal trauma is conveyed in the way he sings with passion and at times wracked in pain, and this emotional edge enhances the overall experience. The guitars blaze with a ferocity at times particularly on assaults such as the speed blasts of Reflect. The concept of the album involves the tragedy of a relationship, conveyed in powerful songs such as This Is Where You and I Part Ways, Livin' Memory and Mourning Light, one of the highlights of the album.There are some peaceful passages of mournful guitar such as the outro of Waking Disorder and in particular the opening cut of the album Two for One Mind. The atmosphere is rather bleak in these moments but causes one to reflect on what we have and we may lose along the way. I like the style of the band, in particular the way the raspy vocals integrate within a dirty guitar sound. The guitars of Mickal Andr&eacute; and Johan Bourrut ring out consistently and the music does not rely on killer riffs and lead guitar finesse, but an overall saturated sound that is raucous without becoming overbearing.Perhaps the theme is better conveyed in the lyrics to the closing song, &#34;To Live Is to Forget&#34;, &#34;Everything comes to an end, so now we can't forgive, everything clings to a new start so now I can't forget, a lifetime is way too long.&#34; Overall the album delivers the type of Avant metal that has great appeal, without all the lead breaks and choppy cleverness, but rather is soaked in heartfelt emotion.
You'd think that a band like Twilight coming out with their &#34;last&#34; CD ever would be mind blowing (at least looking back on their previous two albums). But this album is... not that great. It's droney and doomy like it should be, but overall I wouldn't make the purchase again or recommend it to anyone who's a fan of the genre. If you aren't familiar with Twilight, stick to the first two albums as a &#34;first listen&#34;. But don't go for this one. It's not that great.tl;dr: Skip it and buy/download the first two.
Caveat: I've only listened once so far so I may come back and update the score after more listens.First listen was...I don't know. It wasn't great. It wasn't terrible. It was just kind of generic, symphonic metalcore. Coming from To Keep Us Safe, which was probably the best metalcore album of 2012 and one of my favorite albums of all-time to this...it's disappointing.None of the songs stand out. There are no catchy riffs or hooks to speak of and the Winds of Plague-esque focus on darker-sounding symphonic sounds is kind of off-putting.It's dark. It's heavy. It's just kinda generic and not at all up to the level of TKUS. I was expecting more from UTD. I hope that after a few more listens my thoughts change.EDIT: Opinion hasn't changed after a couple additional listens. And upon further research, it literally IS a different band. Only the lead guitarist/clean vocals, bassist and keyboardist have stayed. Carlo (second guitar) is out. New drummer and new vocalist.
Was expecting something different but it's still an all right cd. A bit too much clean vocals for my liking.
Love this song. But when I bought it the first time It was The Fire Down Below, not Starving For Friends. Contacted amazon and they gave me my money back. Now I finally have the right song! 5 star song for sure, giving 3 because it took me 3 days to get the one I purchased.
Masks is a solid release, but if you're expecting another Jury of Wolves, you'll be disappointed. It lacks the standout tracks like The Chase Scene and I Ain't Afraid of No Ghost, and catchy clean vocals that JOW exemplified. Nearly every song runs together like one giant song occasionally punctuated by a crooning clean chorus that doesn't come around often enough, nor audibly enough. At times the music in the background outweighs the vocals. The screams are very good and all around it is much heavier than the previous album, but it lacks spark. The more I listen to it, the more I realize how vanilla it is compared to JOW. It is sad that they couldn't capture that same standout thing that made them so good the first time around.
This review is for those who are on the fence about buying the album or not.[...]