Just happened upon this album randomly a little while back and thought "Wow - ST released an album in '00? I thought they had cashed out in '94 after the lukewarm "Suicidal for Life" album..."  I figured it would - at the very least - be something I could pump iron to in the gym, so I purchased the download and threw it onto my mp3 player.  I used to be a huge fan of these guys going back to the "Institutionalized" thrash days, through the metal-edged "Lights...Camera...Revolution!" and even into the trippy and progressive "Art of Rebellion"...  I must say - this album was a pleasant surprise, fusing elements of their past styles with some funky dashes of front-man Mike Muir's side-band "Infectious Grooves". On the shuffle I still dig when a track from this album comes on, so that's a good thing.
I got two of the songs off this album from various sampler CD's years ago. "Will" and "Number One". I don't know anything about Sanity in Death, looks like they only released this one album but wow do they ever stand out in the glut of death metal. When these guys come on my workout mix it pumps me up beyond belief. I just downloaded the rest of the album, hopefully it's just as good as the two tracks I have.
These guys aren't bad at all. If you like bands like Throwdown, Madball, Terror, Or Freyja, then you'll like this cd. My only complaint is that it only has 5 tunes! I guess they were goin for the short but sweet thing. Sum good 'ol down home in yer face metal kids..
My only wish is that I could have seen these folks in their native country on tour.  On par with their fellow Germans known as Scorpions.  Check them out!  No aficionado's collection will be called complete without them.
I thought the sound was slightly overproduced and the A and R breakdowns and look of the band was slightly Universal and commercial other than that it's pretty intense Post Hardcore and definitely worth your hard-earned cash.
Just as the title implies this album is quite hit and miss. Parts of certain songs get monotonous even obnoxious at points (Trust is Overrated, Relive Your Fall). You can tell the had writers block on the fillers because the majority of the chorus riffs are far above average for the genre. The vocals are very nice and his writing suits his voice. This album can be bought for less than [..] on ITunes its more than worth that.3/4 hit and 1/4 miss is not bad for an offbeat album. Also, "A Stubborn Soul" is the greatest metal ballad I have ever listened to.
Awesome album its really harsh on vocals though thats what makes this album not that great in my opinion if Jef Whitehead would of made the vocals a little less scratchy it would be awsome but in the end the production is what did this album in.
I'm not much of a music reviewer so I won't waste your time with attempts at describing the songs in detail. It's not substantially different from their other, much easier to find stuff, so if you like Behind the Scenery in general there's no reason to think you wouldn't like this.
Outstlanding music love sound quality  and what can you say about Bruce Dickson and the greatest band in the world'!! can't wait till they come back to big Dallas Tx.
Nihilistic and unapologetic Nietzschen black metal in its purest form.  Great anthems of hatred and intolerance for black metal fanatics indeed.
This album contains excellent ambient tracks that are dark, rhythmic, and pulsating, and at times a bit disturbing.  There is no real melody to them, they are like rhythmic murmurs with a slight hint of industrial sound.  I needed some ambient music to use as background for horror role playing sessions, and this was perfect as it's disquieting but not intrusive.  Also would be great for Halloween events where a dark unsettling mood is called for.
Some of the early stuff takes a little bit to get used to, but the guitar riffs are definitely there.
Love the music, not all that thrilled with the lyrics. I mean, musically heavy old school death metal. Again, my quibble -if you like old school, this is your ticket here.
i heard about these guys only after the horrible accident that claimed the life of their singer (if I remember right). I had read that they were in the middle of a tour with All Shall Perish when it happened. All Shall Perish is one of the best death metal/death/grindcore bands ever so I decided to check them out. i couldn't find any of their stuff so I bought this off of Amazon and really enjoy the album. They are a really good band but there is reallynothing to set them apart or above from any of the other bands within the genre. I would not hesitate to but any more of their stuff, as I said they are really good just nothing new...
Silent Voices was founded in 1995 by guitarist Timo Kauppinen, bassist Pasi Kauppinen, drummer Jukka-Pekka Koivisto and keyboardist Henrik Klingenberg. At the time their main influences were Dream Theater and Rush.This is their debut album...not the best but still very good prog metal with some nice melodic moments and nice production.
Compact but powerful black metal songs. Dense roaring sound, as in all classic black metal, but it's also accessible to the listener. Worth repeat listens.
After The Burial are smart fellows. They even know their math! The following is an explanation of the writing process for their song "Pi":Pi was written and recorded only a few days before the completion of the Master copy, at around 10 am, with a couple of serious hangovers. Justin and I had talked about having a classical guitar intro into some sort of heavier riffage, but we weren't quite sure what that was exactly going to be.We remembered back to a few weeks prior, when we were throwing around an idea of using the mathematical constant Pi, and incorporating it into some sort of complex breakdown pattern where the kick drum corresponded to each number as the figure progressed. Kinda creating the ultimate mind boggler of a riff. The complexity of the intro is often overheard, because it's hard to discern what is actually going on within the track, UNTIL NOW!!Here's a breakdown of the....um, breakdown, in the intro to our album, "Pi: The Mercury God Of Infinity"The actual tempo is 120 beats per minute (bpm). You can hear this by listening for the closed hi-hat that is panned left: it is playing constant eighth-notes.The snare is on beat three in 4/4 time at 120 bpm.A crash cymbal accents beat one of the first measure in 4/4. It is repeated every four measures.Now this is where it gets tricky: the china cymbal.It's hard to feel the breakdown in Pi at 120 bpm, and this is mostly due to the china cymbal, which is playing a 4 over 3 (4/3) dotted-eighth note ostinato that begins on the "E" of one.Confused?Check it out: A quarter note is equal to one beat in 4/4 time, but so are two eighth notes, or 4 sixteenth notes. It's all about subdividing note values.When you count a measure of 4/4 in quarter notes, it's: 1, 2, 3, 4.When counting in eighth notes, it's: 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +. (a plus sign refers to the spoken count "and" ex. "One and two and three and four and")When counting in sixteenths, it's: 1 E + A 2 E + A 3 E + A 4 E + A. (Spoken: "One e and a two e and a three e and a four e and a)So when I say the china starts on the "E" of one, I'm referring to the spoken counting value assigned to the second 16th note in a quarter note duration.A dotted eighth note is a duration of three 16th notes, an ostinato is a persistently repeated pattern. Basically, the china plays on the bold-capitalized letters:one E and a TWO e and A three e AND a four E and a ONE e and A etc.Starting to get it? Cool.At last, the reason Pi is what it is: the Double-bass pattern.The formula of Pi for the kick drum was pretty far fetched at first, but seemed to work well once the track was finished. The numbers and rests in the formula translate to 16th notes on the kick drum, and 16th note rests. There is no kick drum beats where there are snare drums. Sooo, here it is:With the decimal point BEFORE the number, and starting with the first number, move that many decimal points to the right and insert that many 16th note rests. Use one 16th note rest to divide the numbers you passed (when applicable). Continue on throughout the rest of the figure. No repeats.So basically for the first step, you'd place the point (pt) before the first number, three: (pt)3.14159265Next you jump the decimal three points to the right: 3.14(pt)159265That's where you insert three 16th rests, and insert one 16th note rest between the other numbers you passed: 3(16th rest)1(16th rest)4(dotted-eighth)159265Now, your decimal lies in between the 4 and the 1. So, following the formula, you move one point to the right of the 1 and insert one 16th note rest. There are no numbers to separate with single 16th rests, so you move onto the next number, which is 5, and follow the same instructions.That's all there is to it! The formula extends out to 71 decimal points.
This album composes of early demo's of Leviathan which means they might not all sound alike but its a good album though his music is soft and hardcore to at the same time.recommend to any fan of Leviathan or Black Metal Fan
I'm a big fan of vocalist Tony Harnell, so when I heard he was working on a new project, I knew I had to check it out. The band - called Starbreaker - finds the former TNT vocalist teamed with Last Tribe guitarist Magnus Karlsson, ARK drummer John Macaluso, and bassist Fabrizio Grossi.As much as I love Harnell's work with TNT, I think his voice works better in a harder-edged environment. The Westworld albums are a great example, as is the debut Starbreaker album. It's very much a melodic hard rock album (it's a Frontiers release after all), but it crosses into metal territory on numerous occasions. It even has some progressive metal elements added for good measure. The musicianship is top-notch, and Tony's unique voice sounds as good as it ever has. Magnus Karlsson, who wrote much of the material as well as handling production duties, is one of the best behind the scenes guys in the melodic rock genre, and he really shines here. This is an excellent album from start to finish, and should be counted among the best releases of 2005.Starbreaker should appeal to fans of melodic hard rock bands like Pink Cream 69 and of course TNT, and fans of melodic progressive metal bands like Vanden Plas and Vanishing Point should enjoy it as well.
Okay, this currently has only one review, an ignorant, hateful one-star slap in the face from some Texas housewife.  That's a travesty.I had been a big fan of The Crown's later albums (Deathrace King, Crowned in Terror, Possessed 13) for years.  I had never checked out the stuff they put out in the '90s until a couple of years ago.  What I found was surprisingly good albums, both in content and production.You get the same medium-to-high-speed thrash with subtle use of melody and Swedish death vocals that you see on the later albums.  If The Haunted is more groove-based thrash, I find The Crown to have more of a Gothenburg death metal flow (At The Gates?), but with the melody and dual-lead solos turned down a notch.  With most bands I've found the early albums are often sloppier, muddier and more hit-and-miss.  Eternal Death is a solid, consistent album with no glaring weak spots.  Great guitar work and composition.  Decent vocals.  The drums are nothing special, but do their job well enough.  Highly recommend to fans of the band, as well as fans of European death metal in general.
A mixture of death metal and rap, from the Canary Islands, in Spanish, this recording is nothing, if it is not unique, and, above all, it ROCKS!  Sadly, the band, Area 62, is no longer together.  Get this NOW!  Music this innovative will be remembered for a long time as instrumental in the development of a new genre of rock en espa&ntilde;ol.
Good album, lots of energy, manic but skilled musicianship. A nice balance of chaos and accessibility with some very articulate guitar playing throughout. My only complaint is that every track on here would have been better as an instrumental. Not that the vocals are awful, they just don't add anything worthwhile, and they end up distracting from the excellent guitar work on the album. Still, it's a solid listen.
I am one of the few fans of the band Thirdmoon.  I have never talked to anyone else who has ever heard this band, but they have produced some really great music.  They do a great job of combining excellent songwriting with a mixture of classical guitars and good old fashioned death metal.  There are a lot of bands that are a lot flashier in this genre.  There are other bands that play more intricate solos and utilize clean vocals more effectively.  But Thirdmoon has something special about its music.  It's how they layer acoustic guitars over blazing riffs (Timeless Dissent) and how they texture the music (Crimson Crescent).  However, the sound quality for this album is quite bad and has made me give it three stars.  I highly recommend their follow-up Aquis Submersis and their masterpiece Bloodforsaken, which both have much better recording quality and top notch songwriting.Edit 3/25/14As another reviewer pointed out this album falls under black metal more than melodic death metal. As a result the production makes more sense. I still give it a listen from time to time and a 3 star album wouldn't have that sort of shelf life so I am bumping it up to 4 stars. I definitely prefer melo-death, but this is one black metal album that I can enjoy. Definitely check out this band if you are a fan of either genre.
This album makes use of perhaps 4 or five rather divergent musical ideas, any one of which would tend to setan album apart...but it is well executed, and well conceived--it just won't give you anything you can easily categoi=rize or compare. it has to be takn on it's own terms---but on those terms I not only enjoy teh sound of teh album a great deal, it made me wonder why there is such a gap between it and so mauch else music--it points out 20 possibilities for every possibility it fulfills.
The sixth album, "Shadows & Dust," from Canadian hyperblasters Kataklysm offers few surprises. But even if it can be a little predictable at times, you wouldn't want to have it any other way. The band specializes in highly technical, blasting death metal at grinding speeds, and that is precisely what they deliver on this 2002 effort. Impeccable drumming, furious thrashy death metal picking, and evil vocals make these nine (or ten, if you buy the 2007 reissue, which features a bonus track) songs sound so tightly-wound that they make clock springs sound loose by comparison. And not only that, but they are also infused with crafty hooks and well-placed (if brief) melodic sections, thus helping them to become even more memorable.The ball gets rolling in a hurry, as "In Shadows & Dust" begins with a chilling, spoken-word-esque intro, and eventually graduates to fiery, latter-day Slayer-esque riffing and, subsequently, Fear Factory-ish double-time drum battery. Kataklysm mouthpiece Maurizio Lacono's vocals, meanwhile, trade-off between traditional, Cannibal Corpse-inspired Cookie Monster death metal growls and unnerving high-pitched screams/shrieks. And the song is further highlighted by a crunchy groove and catchy choruses. Most of the songs, however, work differently, playing like throttling mid-tempo rave-ups. Indeed, Kataklysm have clearly mastered the art of controlled intensity, as cuts like "Illuminati" clearly demonstrate. It begins with fiery guitars and a drum roll-esque blasting intro, and then settles down into chugging thrash grooves. But it is just a matter of seconds before the song picks back up again, graduating to brutal, decapitating grindcore chaos. And see tracks like "Bound In Chains," "Where The Enemy Sleeps" (which begins with furious buzzsaw guitar picking and rapid-fire blasting), and "Year Of Enlightment/Decades In Darkness" (which closes out the album with a particularly awesome drum fill) for a few more examples of this structuring. "Beyond Salvation" is another highlight, as it features memorable riffs, jackhammer-fast blasting, Deicide-like vocal patterns, and one of the album's only guitar solos. (And what a wild and shredding solo it is, too.) And "Centuries (Beneath The Dark Waters)," with its "rat-tat-tat" machine gun blasting throughout, is another, and "Face The Face Of War," which juxtaposes grippingly thunderous riffs with noteworthy, In Flames-styled melodies, is another.Cutting to the chase, "Shadows & Dust" is a very solid and consistent, front-to-back record. No trails are really blazed, here, but the quality of the musicianship and craftsmanship of the songs simply cannot be denied. And any headbanger should also agree that Kataklysm are quite possibly the best metal band to emerge from Canada since Cryptopsy. Thrilling, bludgeoning, and instinctively satisfying, "S&D;" should satisfy pretty much any death-head.
Deep within the catacombs under Ghoul's castle in Creepsylvania, there are rooms filled with meat hooks drenched in blood, chainsaws with tufts of human flesh in the teeth and tables littered with skeletal remains.  In the room next to those you will find the darkest and filthiest of them all...this is where the SPLATTERTHRASH is brought to life!What should one expect from SPLATTERTHRASH?  Well, actually, the title defines it perfectly.  It's a combination of blood splattering, gut stomping atmospheres intertwined with saw to the bone thrash.  Don't let that fool you though, as Ghoul can change it up as quickly as blood spilling out of a gutted pig. While songs like "As Your Casket Closes" and "Gutbucket Blues" have more of a traditional thrash sound, songs like "Bury the Hatchet" and "Cult of the Hunter" often cross into death metal territory and while there is a good deal of treading the thrash and death metal line on this album, the band trade off between the two flawlessly.  If you dig on thrash and death metal but want something a little extra, Ghoul provide it courtesy of the ghastly surfabilly/rockabilly instrumental "Psychoplasm".Ghoul will appeal to not only the fans of horror themed music (horror punk, horror rock, horror THRASH!) but to fans of straightforward thrash and death metal as well.  The band is a great combination of imagery (check out some videos of these guys) and top-notch musicianship.  I highly suggest checking these guys out if you haven't already.
I saw these guys at a music festival in England in 2007, and they were pretty rockin' live. I brought this EP home with me, and I still enjoy Biker Lord and Lord, Kill The Pain. Their other songs don't do as much for me, but overall, this is definitely an album worth listening to at least once.
Pretty good album, I wish these guys had more releases. Best tracks are Wolly Molasses, My friend the Blind & Flight of the elephant.
I saw this band in concert like over a decade ago, not even sure if they're still together.  Has some great classics updated with a modern edge.  Tennessee Stud is my personal favorite, with Slewfoot close behind.
If you enjoy their first album "Dead Mountain Mouth" youll like this. The intensity is taken down a little bit but not by much. The album runs longer than their last release with a good mix of shorter songs and a few longer songs.
For a debut LP, 'In Shrouded Divine' is a very good one, which is very surprising these days. Crystal clear production, intricate compositions, well mixed vocals and an overall cohesive sound vision are things that most bands can only hope to achieve on their massive debut. Sure, In Mourning have a few releases prior to this, but this is their LP, and they shine like pros.Evolution in art is a very iffy thing. It makes and breaks fan bases. In Mourning started out playing some kind of gothic metal crap, depressive doom-metal dirges that just didn't do it for me. 'In Shrouded Divine' sounds like a band with a new vision, a new direction, one that suits their talents well, Progressive Metal, albeit with traces of their past throughout. One cannot deny the Opeth flavor to the compositions, as its inevitable. From the droning guitar passages to the progressive rock breakdowns, it all screams of Opeth. Make no mistake, In Mourning certainly hold their own; they are very much a competent group, and their debut LP is a beast of an album, a very impressive one.Progressive Metal, you know the blend that Opeth crafted and bought to full realization, is blended smoothly with Melodic Death Metal. The songs are epic and full of juicy riffs and clean breakdowns. For the most part, the songs on 'In Shrouded Divine' are composed in that wonderful heavy/clean formula known so well in the Progressive Metal genre, with more emphasis on the heavy. When the crushing riffs do give way to contemplative clean passages, and if you're as much as a prog metal geek as me, you'll squeal with glee at how awesome they sound. Mastering the changes from heavy to clean is a feat that many bands execute rather poorly, but In Mourning are in full control.The bass guitar is very audible, something that I've noticed more bands opening up to. The guitar riffs are never dull, packed thick with sorrow, yet a fierce bite, and some truly beautiful soloing and clean soft breaks. As for the drums, they are a little better than average, serving mostly as a time-keeper during most of the recording, though completely outshining everyone else at rare points.  The vocals are gutteral growls from the depths, a melodic death style even Mikael Akerfelt proud of, mixed with some occasional clean sung passages. While far and few between, the clean sung portions of the album are beautiful, making you wish there were more to relish in. 'In Shrouded Divine' is a great album, however you can feel the sense of restraint from the band, as if they are merely testing the waters at this point, waiting to unleash their mammoth Progressive Metal masterpiece later on.Its hard not to be compared to metal Gods Opeth, especially if you happen to make music that sounds awfully influenced by them. Throughout the whole album I could hear many inferences to Opeth riffage and composition from the past, not that there is anything wrong with it, since almost every band that has ever recorded music has worn their influences on their sleeves.In Mourning hold their ground however, proving that they are not a mere clone band, but a band with an awesome creative vision, some musical chops and hopefully more evolution in albums to come. 'In Shrouded Divine' is an awesome Progressive Metal/Melodic Death Metal mash up that works so well you will still be listening to it months after your first time.
Buyer beware! This is not the Slipknot who has put out, Iowa, The Subliminal Verses and All Hope is Gone.  This is a different thrash band from the late 80's.I didn't buy this album, just wanted to make sure that anyone knows before buying what this actually is.
These are some good songs.  The track "I Will Always Be There For You" is great.  I like these songs more than what they have put out recently as Steel Panther.
One Day in itself redeems this album. But, admittedly this is the only song I listen to from it. Makes wonderful filler to Stop Thief and the track Halogen, if you can manage to find it...
I love this band. They have composed many great albums and hits. They are a post-hardcore Christian band and have some strong lyics to their songs. I enjoy listening to the band reguardless of their lyrics however. The singer has a great voice. This album is hard to find, so I'm lucky I found it, but it's my least favorite album by them. I would recomment listneing to their newer albums.
Three stars does not, DOES NOT do this album justice.  Therefore, I must weigh in my positive review:Relapse includes an insert which says "for fans of Necrophagist"; this is NOT tech-death.  It also says, "for fans of At The Gates"; this is NOT melo-death.  Relapse Records, like any corporation, needs to make money... unfortunately, their marketing campaign may not be as educated as the common metalhead (see:  ME!).  The best comparison I will make is to modern Cannibal Corpse.  If you have purchased or enjoyed anything post Gore Obsessed, you will most likely enjoy this album.First off, Abysmal Dawn's key ingredient is rhythm.  Listen to the drummist, and prepare to be amazed!  You will not find this kind of talent and pure affinity for the genre in any standard death metal band (I hate to use Deicide as a counter-example, but I must).  Secondly, there is no melody to be found, WHATSOEVER.  For people who despise bands like Trivium, this is such a relief!  Melodic vocals and/or riffs are welcome every now and then, but not required, in death metal.  The riffs aren't ground-breaking, but are heavy as a freight train!  Just like modern Cannibal Corpse, a riff can only be so inventive; but meld with it a progressive mentality, and the proof will lie in the pudding.  Lastly, Abysmal Dawn doesn't play solos like they're going out of style, they play them when they should naturally occur.  Many bands either lack or far-exceed in the soloing department, but here is a band which feels completely natural with their solos, much akin to Cannibal Corpse.Abysmal Dawn doesn't necessarily sound like Cannibal Corpse; but they exhibit many common traits.  This band isn't ground-breaking, but they aren't genre-defying either.  So I ask you, what's wrong with a band like this?  If you're like me, the answer is, "nothing".  I'm damn proud to have spent $15 for an album which gets regular play on my ZuneHD.  I will never, ever turn down a modern death metal band which exemplifies this level of skill, knowledge and passion for the genre as Abysmal Dawn.  And if my review wasn't helpful to you, do me a favor and listen to track 5, "A Remission of Life."  Prepare to be bludgeoned!
If you like metalcore you may like this.If your just getting into "gutterals" or "pig squealing" or whatever the Hell you want to call it...this isn't a bad starting point.The typical "Bree" noise isn't heard as often, I'll let you know now. So if your looking for that you will mostly find the "gutteral" noises instead. I'm not saying its bad I just want you to know right now what it will be like.The recording isnt terribly good. You'll hear the drum pretty easily because it wasn't mixed well.There are breakdowns and some of them are pretty cool. I do not know the lyrical content and honestly, I don't think most people will want too. I'm assuming its gore stuff but I don't know for sure.I would say this leans on the more hardcore side of metalcore and pick it up if you like or are getting into the gutteral noises. Don't expect great sound quality though but its a good band to "wade in the waters" with.I personally liked this band. I wouldn't listen to it all the time due to recording and gutteral sounds but, I liked it. It's off and on in my rotation. The gutteral noises actually did get annoying at times and I realized I'm not really into hearing it as much as this band uses it.
metal, rock, punk, prog... they got it all. if you like this, check out their new one, "against the dead hand". it's sure to make you drive fast and break things.
Bought it via Amazon's mp3 digital download, yet there's nothing on my computer.  I downloaded something else prior to this without a hitch.  Maybe has something to do with ordering it on the release day it came out.  Hope to get it soon!
If you like doom this one is pretty good. If you like this, the band Rapture should be checked out if you don't already have any.
Neurosis is better to listen to live than to listen to a studio recording. I've seen them play three times thus far in concert. And if you can't see them in concert then listening to a well crafted live album is the next best thing.
Quite simply, it's brutal metal in the vein of Meshuggah. With a healthy dose of polymeter, the Meshuggah comparison is obvious; these guys definitely maintain their own identity even with that comparison, mostly due to the drummer. Taken under Virgil Donati's personal wing, you had might as well just go ahead and imagine Virgil taking the kit in Meshuggah.Lots of, "djenting" going on in this album, but each song kind of loses its identity as you progress through the album. By the time you're on song 7 or 8, you don't realize you're beyond the 2nd or 3rd song because of how similar they sound. That's why I'm giving this album 4 stars instead of 5. I definitely come back to listen to this album, but only once through every few weeks or so.Definitely go for the album at this price and make sure you keep your eyes (or ears, as the case may more appropriately be) on these guys, but don't be surprised if the drummer ends up moving on to more technically demanding endeavors in the future (jazz fusion and the likes).-Stephen
I was happy to see this live compilation appear. It's late in coming, but worth it. They have an energy that makes me always come back to this album and listen again and again.
Shortly before I purchased the MP3 download of this release, I had been reading an interview with Geoff Tate and Chris DeGarmo about the 20th anniversary re-release of Queenryche's Empire.  Below the interview was a user comment along the lines of, "Hey, whatever became of Chris?  Is he still doing music?" and an answer not too far down from there stated he was now a charter pilot and wasn't really active in the music industry.  Well, I had to find out if that was true as the last time I saw him was on tour with Jerry Cantrell and he seemed to be having a great time and he's certainly very talented.  So, I popped on over to Wikipedia and there were two references that confirmed he has been a charter pilot for the last 3-5 years.  But the Wiki article also mentioned spys4darwin and clicking through, it even provided the origin of the group's name (a funny story for those interested).  I then remembered hearing about this project not long before Layne Staley's death, but I never got around to checking it out.  The CD isn't available any more (except used), but Amazon has it in MP3.  I gave a quick listen to the samples and bought it within a few minutes.  I don't know why it took me so long to pick this up.  You have 3/4 of the surviving members of the classic Alice-in-Chains line up and half of the main writing duo from the original Queensryche line up!  At first, this sounded nothing like either band, but on subsequent listens I began to pick up dashes of flavor from both.  If you like both Alice in Chains and Queensryche, I doubt you'll be disappointed.  Then again, you might be as disappointed as I that an alleged full 12-track album never surfaced.  It's like getting an appetizer for the main course... you are left hungry.  Satisfied, but still hungry.
great intense album.  imagine walking through a desert dragging anchors with meat hooks pierced through your back skin. intense album and even better live.  go see a show, they will not disappoint.
My first review. They impressed me. :) s... load of metal in our house to listen to. So you can trust me.Cavemanslady
I have been listening to Fall Silent since 1998. I can still remember when they played at Sparks High School, for some girl who was running for class president,  and they called it a riot. I lost my &#34;No Strenght to Suffer&#34; cd, so this was my best replacement. If you like Hardcore, then you need this album.
Not to shabby at all. Justin is on point again with his cuts. Falling From Grace is an obvious progression in his amazing balance of ethereal sound and his signature riffs. Reminded me a little of his first LP. Clear Stream was a bit of a surprise as he has recently pulled away from the straight instrument driven tracks. This is however my first encounter of Battle of Mice. Reminds me of a female lead singer version of a Zozobra or Old Man Gloom. I like the juxtaposition of the calm Jesu and chaotic Battle of Mice. Just a little harder and louder. I must say I enjoyed it very much. Not as much as the Eluvium/Jesu or Envy/Jesu Split EP's mainly because they did a great job in mixing the sounds together. They felt like they belonged on the same album. This one however almost felt like a mixtape. But maybe thats a good thing.
I find it interesting (and often accurate too) that Jesu and their cohorts get comparisons to Neurosis, Isis, Mouth of the Architect, et al. But what surprises me is how there's never a mention of Codeine. Maybe I am dating myself, but they are one of the originators of slow/loud and while they were never a metal band, their pace and volume has to be factored in to comparisons of similar bands.Especially on this split. "Clear Stream" actually sounds like a Codeine cover. And if I didn't know who Jesu were, I'd put my money that this was some lost Codeine b-side. Check them out if you are a fan of any of the bands mentioned.
It starts out with like a battle theme, leads into a couple rally cries, and throws in a few softer, almost ballad-like songs.If you're into heavy-hitting, uproarious songs that make your blood pump, grab "My Enemy", about beating back the devil until he's cowering, then screams "Come on, let's go!!!". Fun song.If you want something softer and more heartfelt, grab "Weight of The World", which is about Jesus being nailed to the cross, bearing the weight of the world.
I bought the MP3 after hearing the samples, and I'm so glad I did. These guys kick major @ss in several areas. The music is high quality Swedish Death Metal. It's fast aggressive and heavy. It's one of those albums that get better after every time you listen to it. Jani Stefanovic's guitar work is technical and fast, without being showy. Christian Alvestam has one of the best Death Metal growls out there. He uses clean vocals in a few parts, but not in a way that changes the mean character of songs. In case those names sound familiar, is because they both come from Scar Symmetry. They are both also on another project called Solution 45. Miseration is the heaviest of the three bands. If you listen to bands like Septic Flesh, old Arch Enemy, or Opeth, you should seriously think about getting this.
Usually I try to preview songs online before I buy them, but I couldn't find full-length versions of this band's tracks anywhere. I'd heard Stephanie Dougherty on the Dropkick Murphys track "Dirty Glass," so I ended up just picking up the album before an extended trip. Definitely worth the money in my opinion. Personal favorite tracks include "Grey Skies Turn," "Open Casket," "Freshly Minted Royalty," and "Unpaid Bills." Realistically, there wasn't a song on the CD I couldn't get into. I'm looking forward to more releases by the band.
Man I can't believe I didn't own these guys music back in the day!  LA Guns, meet Guns meet Punk!  These dudes are definately a great sound, and kick it old school!  I'm a big 80's KockRock fan, and if you too then this should be one of your staples to your collection.  This band easily was on the forefront of what coulda been an underground to that the 80's era, but that plan was busted due to Seattle's Piss Poor era they called grunge.  They shoulda called it CRAP.  To this day I don't listen to much of those bands.  But I do keep coming back to the 80's bands.  LA Guns, Motley, Cinderella, Ratt, Poison.  Today's sound is trying to incorperate this era's sound, but it's getting stuck!  So, if you want to have that Straight-up Rock sound...keep it fresh download these guys!  Notable songs here-in; Hollywood, Misery Loves Company, Can't Pin That On Me, Hands Off, Texas, and Simple Man (not the Simple Man yer thinking of either...BETTER!)  And I love the cover of Mississippi Queen!  Like the name of album says....Put it on Ten, and Pull the Knobs off!
To me , this band may be one of the greatest rock and roll mysteries of their  time.Not sure exactly what was going on with the music scene in the early 90's.I'm not saying Junkyard created some new earth shattering sound or reinvented the rock & roll wheel. But I can tell you these guys deserved much more recognition for the type of music they were creating.I guess everyone was sick of the "hair Metal" scene.How sick were we all of those "power ballads" all those bands HAD to put out.I never totaly understood this monicker(hair metal), but I'm guessing these guys got mistakenly lumped in with it.To me they had that early Aerosmith swagger/sleaze  meets AC/DC with some of the faster sounds of Motorhead and also the great sarcastic/humorous lyrics one might find from Lemmy himself.Promotion can be the only explanation for the failure of Junkyard.Put them on a tour with either Def Leppard or AC/DC or even Buck Cherry and these guys would have taken off.I guess the "grunge" thing was kind of needed at the time and Junkyard got lost in it's wake.This compilation is a great way to check out what Junkyard is all about.A few songs here are not on the first 2 cd's.If you like what you hear from this compilation then I suggest you purchase the first 2 cd's also.
October Tide was a short-lived (less than four years) side project formed around two of the prolific members of Katatonia, vocalist/drummer Jonas Renkse and guitarist Fredrik Norrman.  Rain Without End, the project's first release from 1997, is maintained as an underground classic, due in part to the album featuring Jonas Renkse's last "harsh" vocal performance.  Indeed, the album certainly lives up to expectations of a steadfast Katatonia fan, especially if that fan prefers Brave Murder Day to the rest of the Katatonia catalogue.More than a decade after its initial release, listening to this album is a stark reminder that quite simply, melodic doom/death metal like this just isn't made anymore.  Groups like Rapture, Daylight Dies, and to some degree Swallow the Sun, may carry the torch for modern-day Brave Murder Day progeny, but the production sound exhibited on Rain Without End seemingly can't be emulated by digital tweaking.  Renkse's top-notch growling vocals are on full display here, high up in the mix but melding nicely into the sound of the guitars, which are raw yet crisp and joyfully free of digital intervention.  Norrman's guitar work is fully up-to-par with previous performances, providing the vintage Katatonia emotive sound of which so many are fond.  The drumming also deserves special mention here; it's expertly done and gives the whole album an audition-like feel.  Six of the long songs which form the album's focus are very well-structured and remind of a heavier mid-90s Opeth, meandering back-and-forth between Brave Murder Day-esque heavy doom passages and beautiful acoustic interludes, strengthening the listener's interest and anticipation.  From start to finish, Rain Without End is a fantastic record, a sparkling diamond from one of the progenitors of modern melodic death metal.  Inspiring and nostalgic.
This is the second album by the rather unknown visual kei/gothic band called "The Gothic Dolls".  Unlike their first (Endless Dream) this album has all original material and no covers whatsoever.  As I've stated before in my review of Endless Dream, the vocalist Kala might be a deciding factor for people deciding whether or not they like this band.  He sounds like a non-native English singer trying to imitate a Japanese singing style (which is probably exactly accurate).  You'll have to give it a listen yourself to decide whether you like him or not.  I personally found that he grew on me with time - I can really feel his passion when he sings.I'm one of those people who picks music based on the indefinable criteria of "how it makes me feel", and this music makes me feel passionate.  I tend to pick bands that I like based on how they make me feel, regardless of genre, so I have quite a diverse range of favorite bands.  So, I couldn't tell you quite why I like the Gothic Dolls, other than the fact that I heard it and liked it.  Oh well...  Anyway, my favorite songs off of this album are "Sakura", "Rotten Cuteness", "Running to the Sky", "The Room", "Without Course", "Crucify My Love", and "Silent Letter".
This is the first album released by the Gothic Dolls, a little-known visual kei/gothic band based in Spain.  I discovered them on youtube one day (although I couldn't quite explain how I stumbled upon such an unknown band) and at first, I just sort of dismissed them as "meh" and moved on, mainly due to the vocalist.  His singing style is best described as a native Spanish speaker trying to imitate a Japanese singing style but in English.  Did that make any sense?  However, I kept listening to their songs over and over again throughout the day.  For some reason, I kept feeling compelled to keep giving them one more listen...  Well, this band has certainly grown on me.  The vocalist (Kala) has grown on me too.  I rather like him now; I can really feel his passion when he sings (even if his pronunciation isn't the best).  The music itself is  very good - sort of a mix between the more traditional visual kei-sounding bands and a gothic style."Endless Dream" is a rather large album, with the first ten songs being originals and the others being cover versions of songs by Japanese bands.  The covers sound pretty good to me, although I admit I don't speak Japanese so maybe I'm missing the subtle nuances of the language and can't really judge these covers as well as a native could.  As for the original songs, they're all pretty good.  My favorites are "Fallen Angel", "Illusion's Killer", "Mermaid's Scar", "Beyond Suicide", and "Heartless Doll".  Anyway, give the Gothic Dolls a listen (either the samples or on youtube) and see if you like them.
Enemynside is an excellent progressive yet classic sounding thrash metal band from Italy.  If this was 1988 and they were touring in the US they would get HUGE!!!  Their sound is classic Metallica meets Shadows Fall.  The vocals are clean and the lyrics good, but they truly stand out with their composition and musicianship.  Many tempo changes, breakdowns, galloping and riffing.  Their previous album was crushing as well but this one is better produced.  I wish them success and would hope that the US metal scene gets a taste of them soon![...]
Many different sounds and vibes. They feel no pressure from big labels to conform. If you're looking for Pop love songs etc this isn't for you. If you like out of the box thinking artists I'd check them out.
the music is good but they had a few tracks that were remakes of pat benetar songs. It would have been a much better album if they had more original music and left out the remakes.
This album came to my attention when searching for artists similar to Evanescence or Lacuna Coil.  The previews are a good measure of the album.  A clear, strong female front vocalist, and a progressive metal sound which leans toward electronica.  A good listen.
This is a decent album.  Enjoyable.  I like the flavor, though her voice takes some getting used to.Is A.D.D. still active?
over all i liked this collection of mp3's. i am a bit new to the guy and was drawn in by one of his songs on the other album that i had a single of it on a death by dawn album that i liked. some songs do stand out stronger then others but i think there would be a place for this music.
I wish that I could take them to L.A. and make them famous. They are harder and nastier than The Donnas and I like it.
Conspiracy Of Thought is an industrial hard rock band from Riverside, California. They have recorded `Deus Ex Machina: God from the Machine' EP (2004), `Dance Of The Revolution' (2005), `Colorblind' (2007) and `Nothing More Than Light' (2009). The line-up is Ben Stewart (lead vocals, guitar), Michael Parshall (bass, vocals, rap), Tony Vasquez (drums, electronic percussion, sequencing), and Devanand Bassanoo (lead guitar, backing vocals, keyboard). Their sound has been compared to Tool, Nine Inch Nails, Rage Against The Machine and POD. They take the stance of political and social activists.It opens with an announcement "What kind of nation do we wish to be. Do we want to be a country where the rich get richer and the poor get poorer or do we want a country committed to an economy that provides for the common good?" There are slamming beats, heavy riffing and gothic vocals in `Phoenix Rising'. The title track has a melodic start with violin "In cyberspace I'm finding out there's nothing more than light / And it brings me back to darkness / And the darkness back tonight" before crushing riffs and "I searched for something in this world that could be true / In all my life I've searched for something that something's you".The themes cover politicians and corporate donations (This Broken Heart), racial bigotry (Mississippi) and car pollution (Breathe). They change styles in `Blowback' with Michael rapping and playing heavy slapped bass. They also hit out at global hunger and poverty (The Plan), rape as a weapon of war (The Rape), and stem cell experiments (Genome). They do an alternative version of the title track as `NMTL HHX' which sounds like a classical composition with electronica. Finally, `Back To Back' is another rap with dark edged metal. This is for free-thinkers who like their music with a social conscience.
The Birmingham-based rock trio known as SHAPES has been getting quite a bit of buzz with their latest mini-album "The Pasture, The Oil" courtesy of Big Scary Monsters (UK) and Zankyo Records (Japan).  The band which consists of Steven Bachelor on guitar, Richard Buckley on bass and Gavin Filmer on drums return with a heavy hitting album.Hot from their 2008 album "Get Your Learn On EP", the band began recording on this mini album back in January 2009 with Nick Finnish (Jonny Truant, Blakfish, Youves) and mastered by Alan Douches (Converge, Mastodon, Dillinger Escape Plan, The Rapture and Fallout Boy).The mini album kicks off with "trampled by a horse", a short but hard hitting instrumental track that similar to the video, you can easily picture destruction or in many ways, after listening to the album, I can picture the song while getting amped for something extreme as the guitars are being played with fluidity with drums and bass complimenting the soundscape. Very awesome track!The second track "The Escapologist" features a vocal track but it's the music that takes the grand stage as chiming guitars, bass and percussion go off on tandem with each other. As everyone starts singing and screaming, a very cool track!The third track "Our Childrens Children" is another vocal track that goes through really cool musical transitions and for the most part teases you with its heavy hitting sound but then transforms bit by bit to something much calmer and then jacks things up at the last minute.The fourth track "The Moon is Bright but Coned Off" is a spacy, rockin' instrumental track that has that ethereal feel but with the musicians balancing their instruments off in cool fashion. Overall, another solid track.The fifth track "Such Stoics" is a vocal track that combines frantic to jump guitars with dynamic percussion and mind-numbing bass. Similar to "Our Children's Children" in the fact that you are getting teased with different musical transitions. Every 25 seconds you feel that you are listening to something different and the band manages to pull it off.The final track is titled "The Butcher". A vocal track that features abrasive guitars that works together with the vocals, while you get a good dash of bass and clattering percussion. Overall, another solid track!Overall, an album that teases you with its changing transitions. Hard hitting, frantic guitars and bass and where other bands could have easily screwed these changing transitions in each track, the punk band SHAPES second mini-album - `The Pasture, The Oil' manages not to be your typical rock band with a predictable sound. Your ears will definitely be in for a treat as this Birmingham trio can seriously, frakkin' play and make these changing musical transitions like childsplay when its not. Definitely an album worth checking out!
I love the band. They have a very unique sound that mixes a lot of different metal genres together. I wouldn't say this is their best album but it is better than a lot of average metal bands that floods the market today.
This is a refreshing change of pace for power metal.  In the same vein as Nocturnal Rites, and Dream Evil, yet more modern, this release helps to restore some faith in the tired genre.  Little is left to be discovered in Power Metal, and releases from many of the heavy-weights this year such as Sonata Arctica, Primal Fear, Hammerfall, and Stratovarius left me wondering what happened to this once mighty sub-genre of metal.  While their albums were not bad, none were groundbreaking or phenomenal, and I hope 2010 can be better for the Power scene.  Fortunately Saint Deamon had a pretty darn good release, to at least continue the quest.  The Album does not convert unbelievers to the faith, but it does help to maintain our faith while we await the upcoming third wave of Power Metal.Many of the classic Power bands can be seen influencing this Swedish group such as Helloween, Edguy, Gamma Ray, Stratovarius, Armored Saint, and obviously Hammerfall.  This is a fantastic European style melodic metal album, and I am thankful for it in a year dominated by american metal bands.If you are a fan of classic second wave Power metal, such as Nightwish, Iron Fire, or any of the bands I previously mentioned, you should check out this album; it might be the best Power Metal album of 2009
This is my first experience with SD.  They are not a copy of all the other Metal acts out there.  Nice melodies, guitar, vocals and song writing.  I like a singer with a range and this guy has one without screaming all the time.  I'm going to check out their previous release and see how it compares to this one.I'd buy it again.
I didn't initially get  this DL because I was enamored by his recent stuff. I remembered it was in my wish list  and picked it up. I have yet to be disappointed by his work.
On all studio recordings by Death Angel, Rob Cavestany is in the left channel.  When I saw them live (on the Act III tour and on the Relentless Revolution tour) Rob is also on my left.  However, on this live album, Rob is in the right channel.  Why did the band switch this?  When I hear the music while I am driving, I want to feel like I am at the show which of course would be from the audience's point of view, not the band's point of view which is how this album is recorded.Other than that, this is a good show.  Marc's vocals have improved (if that's possible) over the years and he is amazing live!  Of course, Rob is the man!!  His guitar is incredible.Anybody notice that the intro to The Ultra-Violence has almost the same notes as the theme to the Exorcist?
I was sitting at work and had a huge desire to listen to some AC/DC.  Amazon, for some reason doesn't have any Digital AC/DC in their store and I wanted it now.  I listened to the previews for this cover album.  I knew it was a cover album.  It showed the artist as The Rock Heroes.  I did not feel deceived or mislead, other than the album cover.  I cannot and won't diss the band.  I am enjoying the songs and album greatly.  It disturbs me that people put bad reviews on here for the band when they should contact Amazon and complain.  Amazon is usually very good about satisfying customers in my experience.I would have liked to get the real AC/DC albums, so for that, AMAZON-Get AC/DC's real albums on here digitally!!!The Rock Heroes, great covers and 32 songs!  Love it.  Thanks.If you want the real deal AC/DC, get out your 8-Tracks and cassette tapes...or get after Amazon!I say:  TURN IT UP AND ENJOY!!!
Was very pleased with the amount of songs for the price but a little dissappointed with some of the cover artists quality on the songs. Next time I'll listen to all the samples.
You cannot go wrong with this one - good selection and lots of songs.  Yes, hair bands are still part of my normal music selections.
My friend Dune had this to say, quoted from his blog:"...This is metal in a very ironic way. And I say this because metal was not meant to be full of throat-shattering screams and drop-d palm mutes over double kick drums. Believe it or not, heavy metal, in the beginning, had its roots from classical music. It was when people started picking up on it and wanting to take it in other directions that sub-genres such as thrash, goth, hardcore, etc, started and went completely out of control.Frank's album is reminiscent of the actual purposes for heavy metal. It is Queensryche in the sense that the vocals tell stories, the guitars are layered, the time signatures change frequently, the solos are everywhere, and the synth reminds you of vampires. But it is also more brutal than Queensryche ever was because of the drum and guitar patterns he uses. Some may call it a mock show, others may call it beautiful, but I simply call it awesome.To be honest, most people are not going to like this album. It takes a certain mind to really enjoy it. It's very home-made, the drums are programmed instead of recorded live, the guitars are in the background instead of up front and in your face, and the vocals are very dry. From a producer standpoint, there are a number of things I would have done differently, but seeing as he did this all himself, I give him total respect for doing it and after knowing the programs he used to make it, I was pleasantly surprised.It's hard for me to give this a starred review from a critic's view instead of a personal one, but I'm going to give this a 4 out of 5. I would have personally like the guitars to be louder, the vocals to have some distortion in the screams, and the bass guitar to be heard a little more. But, knowing the way he recorded it, it would have been difficult to make it sound any better than it does. It was done very well for its budget, the songs are intricate and well-written, and the nostalgic awesomeness it gives true metal fans is overly satisfactory. If you've made it this far in a review about an artist you've never heard of, go add Frank on facebook and ask how you can get your hands on it. It's worth a listen for sure."
I like the album. It's not my favorite, but it has a very unique blend of elements. I particularly enjoy the rhythmic elements.
Was around these guys back in the 80's and early 90's growing up, when the style and sound was right in line with all the heavy hitters at the time - Metallica, Exodus, Flotsam and Jetsam, Hallow's Eve, Slayer....  It was a shame they couldnt hold it together and take it to the next level.  If you know the band, this CD/download has a lot of previously unreleased stuff not on the CD Punishment Area.  I bought it to have a few of the older tracks I love on my iPod - Done in Vein, Got No Choice - classics.  The other stuff I think is primarily stuff put together after Punishment area.  That stuff is OK, but def not as good as early stuff - just wish they had also put Reducer on this CD.  Only a knock to 4 stars due to sound quality - just was not recorded great, but still listenable.Overall, if you like 80's/early 90's REAL thrash metal, take a flyer and try it out.
All right, the Sex Slaves are back! The NYC band's 2008 debutBite Your Tonguewas an absolute blast, so I was looking forward to more high-octane rock n' roll. Sex Slaves has a great rock sound that's somewhere between punk rock and hair metal. Think Motley Crue and Rancid brawling in a local bar. There's also classic Aerosmith and Cheap Trick vibe.Wasted Angel gets off to a rockin' start with "Long Live the Dead" (the video clip for that song is included on the CD) and it's a party from there on out. The album seems a little less punk-influenced than Bite Your Tongue, but it's still pretty wild. "Cheap Imitation" and "Liquor Store Romance" are a pair of standout tracks, but the whole album is pretty rockin'.If you like to rock, and you like your rock loud, rude and fun, get your hands on Wasted Angel right away. Sex Slaves are one of the bright spots in an otherwise lousy modern rock scene. Be sure to check out bands like Airbourne, Charm City Devils, Dirty Penny and TSI as well if this kind of music is your thing.And how awesome is it that the Wasted Angel cover art - which features three Victoria's Secret-looking angels - isn't even the band's hottest cover image? I love this band!
I got this demo from a band member who goes to my work that had claimed this album to be &#34;hardcore punk&#34;. I was skeptical because that genre had died in the mid 80's; but after listening to this raw album I've got to say it must be coming back, because this is without a doubt music that is punk to the core! Any fans of hardcore music would easily enjoy listening to this album.
the song writing in this album is super awesome but the bass drum trigger is way too loud!! thats the only reason i gave it 4 stars. the song writing is 5 stars however.
I agree with the first reviewer, the drums are way too loud, if you turn up the volume on your stereo, turn the bass almost all the way down, otherwise you cant hear the guitars, in my opinion the drums and guitars need to be be 'EQ'ed better so that one doesnt cancel out the other. never the less the riffs are heavy and brutal
Ingested show more leanings to the Death side of things then the core side of things. This is a sonic assault that never relents until the album is over and you peel yourself off the floor and try to figure out what the heck just hit you. With a three vocalist assault, chunky, plodding, but decipherable technical riffs, and a beastly double bass assault (though I admit that I think they made the triggers way to prominent in the mixing) Ingest have delivered nothing ground breaking but a very strong effort, and show alot of potential for growth. A bit repetitive in places but still an overall enjoyable piece of vomited bowels for you to headbang to while you are killing a midget stripper and stuffing her under the crawlspace of your house. If you are a fan of Cannibal Corpse, White Chapel, As You Drown, and Suicide Silence then pick up a copy of Ingested - Surpassing The Boundaries of Human Suffering.
If you like Foo Fighters, Greenday, Nirvana, Pennywise, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Incubus, Fugazi, Helmet, Deftones, and the Police... you will LOVE this record!! Plus, the artwork, and packaging, are killer!
I saw this band open for Eyes Set To Kill, they're really good. The have a good mix of vocal singing and screaming, which I really like and have some sick breakdowns
I like breakcore, and this must surely qualify as that, but moreso I might align this sound with Genghis Tron or Vverevvolf Grehv or maybe even Curse of the Golden Vampire on their album "Mass Destruction," because it's a form of Digital Hardcore than leans heavily toward the electronic speed metal side. Many songs are way more metal than drum-n-bass, and many beats on here were clearly inspired by the blast beats and sick themes (there are some really gross vocal samples) of Napalm Death. But, if you are looking for really abrasive and intense music that pulls in all these ingredients, then download this for the 9 dollar price and let it pummel your senses beautifully. I have no clue who is paying the 40 dollars for the import CD version, but not me.
These songs are reproductions of the originals. You can definitely tell, but they are really good. I love instrumental music, especially while I work. These guys do all of the songs justice. I recommend to anyone who likes instrumental music and is a rock fan.
The Onion's AV Club website has a music review section that I like to peruse from time to time.  Normally, I'm bored senseless with their usual review fodder, which seems to overwhelmingly favor the shoe-gazing alt-pop genre.  You know what I'm talking about: the hushed and whiny lead singer mumbles delicate lyrics about love and loss while sloppily playing an acoustic guitar.Recently, they awarded an 'A' rating to a band I'd never heard before, a band consisting solely of a drummer and a bass player, a band named Lightning Bolt.  Intrigued, I listened to a sample of "Sound Guardians."  At first, it sounded to me like a cageful of chimpanzees beating the holy smokes out of a couple instruments - just a solid wall of noise with no rhyme or reason.Just as I was about to turn it off in disgust, the song reached out and grabbed me, and it wouldn't let me go.  Feverishly, I listened to the rest of the album, and was simply floored by the mad energy and insane structure that each song dished up.And to me, that's really what this album is all about: pure energy, barely contained, fed through 18 levels of distortion, and presented for your enjoyment.  No virtuoso performances are to be found here, just powerful chunks of sound and fury.Not every song is a masterpiece.  In my opinion, "Flooded Chamber" is kind of a muddled mess.  "S.O.S." tries awfully hard to rock out, but ends up more cacophonous than anything.  But the rest of the songs are out of this world.Of course, this won't be to everyone's tastes.  Most of the people I've demo'd tracks to have been of the opinion that it's the pinnacle of terrible.  But what do they know?
This movie soundtrack is so good we like a lot of the tracks better than the original recordings.This is really an addictive CD and you'll be singing along in your car.
2009's The Six Roots of True Will is the second EP from Washington, DC-based metal band Fallen Martyr. I hadn't previously heard of this band until seeing them live recently at the Rock Harvest festival. It was a shock (to say the least) to witness such an intense metal band at a melodic rock/hair metal fest, but their high energy performance was more than enough to get me to pick up a couple of their CDs.Fallen Martyr's sound isn't easy to peg, and that's probably why they make such a strong impression. Right off the top I'd have to say Emperor (and perhaps Ihsahn's solo work) is a huge influence, but throughout the album bands as varied as Katatonia, Between the Buried and Me and even Enslaved. There's a strong blackened death side to these songs, but also a very technical and even progressive aspect, especially from the guitarists. The drumming is wickedly intense, and is matched by some neck-snapping high-speed riffing, but there's also a sense of melody and some very inventive solos. Vocally, you get a good mix of clean and harsh styles, and both are delivered with real power and emotion. The whole thing comes together brilliantly.I haven't been this excited about a new metal discovery in quite some time (and since they're from my neck of the woods I'll be able to catch them live again before too long). If you're a fan of metal bands that innovate and aren't confined to genre boundaries, and especially if you're into bands like Emperor/Ihsahn, Leprous, Between the Buried and Me and Katatonia, you'd do well to give Fallen Martyr a try. Their 2012 full-length releaseShadowsis a better starting point (and a better release overall, which is why I rated this one at 4-stars instead of 5), but if you like what you hear on that one (and I'm betting you will), you should definitely loop back around to The Six Roots of True Will.Edition Notes: There is a "Special Edition" version of The Six Roots of True Will that features new cover artwork and a pair of bonus tracks - "Passing Through the Veil of the Exterior World" and "Body of Light."
I stumbled into this somewhat obscure, but surprisingly good, EP some time go. The thing is, it somehow keeps getting played because I can't stay away from the songs. 'Queen of All Time' quickly became my most listened to track of 2012 even though this is a release from 09.Egypt have a doom-metal sound for sure but it also invokes a bit of 70s classic rock ala Uriah Heep and the days of AOR. I find that refreshing and it breathes life into a micro-genre of hard music that can be a bit too self perpetuatiing.The highlights for me are a vocalist that can switch from mellow to growl at a heartbeat's notice; understated drums that give you what the song requires without the self indulgence of complex fills and finally, good old-fashioned song-writing. I also like that this was a 4 song introduction to the band and I feel more musicians should do this. Great primer to see what they are about without all the filler that comes from a 9-13 song offering.Living, audible proof that great music is out there and can be done without a hype machine. I would give this 4.5 stars if I could but hesitate to go 5 because I feel that is reserved for all time classics. Any way you slice it, I give this a very high recommendation for fans of doom, 70s revival and AOR throwbacks!
I just saw these guys in Nashville with Sevendust. I was highly impressed. One of the better opening bands I've seen in awhile. Good mixture of heavy and melodic lyrics. They can definitely break out some very hard sections in their music.
I think this is a great start for this band. I love the vocals! The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is I really think this band has the potential to do even better. They have a new cd coming out very soon and I'm excited to see what they will come up with for it.
I prefer the "lighter side" of the Symphonic Metal genre, and for the most part, this album fits the bill. Don't be put off by the spooky cover-art or the rather melodramatic title. There's nothing particularly grim, bleak, harsh, or "hardcore" about this music. It's soulful rock-music with a slightly ethereal or mystical touch. Some songs have a harder edge than others. To my ears, the singer's voice has an almost country or classic-rock tinge to it, which makes the album more approachable. There's no grunting or screaming. This is enjoyable rock-music with the occasional heavy-metal guitars or kooky sound effects, including some '80s-sounding keyboard or synth touches.  The singer's voice is the best and strongest aspect of this album.Unlike the fast, frantic, hard-driving sound of some symphonic metal bands, I find this album a bit more downtempo, more moody and contemplative. Rather than conveying a dramatic, operatic feeling that gets your heart racing, this music is more introspective, to me. That's a good thing, not a criticism.All in all, a not especially memorable but palatable and enjoyable goth-tinged rock sound.
I don't love this cd but I do like it. I like the vocals and the music is cool. Not as much hardcore raw emotion that I would normally prefer but this is a nice sounding cd to listen to. I'd love to hear more from this band.
Live 83 is a FANTASTIC addition to add to your library.  It not only showcases the young Yngwie Malmsteen, but how this band COULD HAVE done more, had they laid off the alcohol per the liner notes.  I remember buying the "No Parole From Rock-N-Roll" album from a local record store and people asking me "who is Alcatrazz?"  I read about the Swedish wunderkind in a guitar magazine and thought 'who is this guy?'  I still have my album and I STILL hold it in high regard.  The production is great and yeah, you can hear the Rainbow/Schenker influences.  Plus, we get to hear an early rendition of the instrumental "Evil Eye".  The live recordings are great.  Personally, I could do without the bonus track of "All Night Long".  Nothing against George Lynch but the song really doesn't belong on this disc.  Graham sounds a bit roached from many years of hard partying.  I prefer the Rainbow version.If you want to hear the young Malmsteen in action, get this disc.  The band sounds great, Graham's vocals are good, although he does slip a few places but so did Gillan on Purple's "Live In Japan".  Overall, a great live disc.
Malmsteen at his best.  Mediocre band brings it down a notch though.
The Good: This is an excellent mix and transfer from a show that was originally used as a radio broadcast and recorded at The Country Club in Reseda, CA back in the early 80s. This show was also a widely circulated bootleg. Yngwie is on fire and Graham Bonnet is sounding his best. A good set list including several tracks that were not featured on the "Live Sentence" LP. The real treat here is hearing Yngwie's take on Michael Schenker's "Desert Song" from the "Assault Attack" LP which Graham sang on. Included as a bonus track is yet another un-necessary cover of "All Night Long" featuring George Lynch on guitar. I would rather hear the live version from the show which was likely the encore that night.The Bad: The worst cover art I have ever seen. It looks like they spent about six bucks on packaging. (The bootleg versions have better artwork). Martin Popoff does a nice job with the liner notes but I wish he had more space to work with. He could have written a nice detailed essay on the band but insted was limited to the standard two page insert. Also, a lazy editing job. You can hear where the banter was cut out between songs and the crowd noise doesn't synch.
I really love this album, mainly because it's the only place to get these songs without paying exhorbitant prices. That said, it sounds way too clean to be live. I'm sure this thing was practically re - recorded in the studio so it could be broadcast on the radio at the time. I agree that the cover art is atrocious, and the booklet is poorly done. Of course, Deadline is known for this type of half assed releases.
Does anyone else remember the part in the movie The Song Remains the Same where Jimmy Page climbs a mountain, meets a wizard who's actually an older version of himself, and then proceeds to wave a wand around leaving a trail of kaleidoscopic acid-inspired imagery in it's wake? It's spectacularly awesome and side-splittingly hilarious all at once... and so is the splendor of metal.Whereas The Keeper don't really possess the lightning quick chops to be considered a true metal band per se, they do fully embrace or rather lightheartedly skewer the entire aesthetic. The album starts with a cool keyboard heavy intro and then gets right down to business; that evil wizard has got to pay. "Tonight We Ride" starts off the fun, and it is a rallying cry to overthrow the rule of an oppressive sorcerer who's stepped on the wrong toes one time too many. The awesomeness of "Tonight" is that it can be dually taken as a metaphoric call to arms, urging you to throw caution to the wind and haphazardly chase a lost weekend of black out drinking.The rest of the album follows suit with hilarious D&D; inspired tracks like "Sharpen Your Axes" and "Devour," which impels the listener to break someone's bones and suck out the marrow because, "He's not one of us." The track once again shows flashes of a secret depth, poking fun at the untold horrors of social conformity.While only a five song EP, 22 Sided Die shows promise for a band attempting to combine bar band theatrics with basement dwelling uber-nerdiness. The infectious charisma of vocalist Andrew Chapman is undeniable and best experienced live after downing six or seven of the cheapest beers you can find, so get out there and make it happen.
Gravewurm is an American band playing Hellhammer-styled black/death metal. This is their third (fourth actually [ed.]) full-length album.The guitar sound here is rough and dirty, as befits this style, but has more crunch than on Gravewurm's earlier albums. Vocals are slow, raspy, blasphemous, and quite understandable. The drumming is fine, nothing too exceptional. The mix obscures the bass somewhat, but there's plenty of low-end here.Gravewurm's songwriting is simple and to the point. Each song starts with repetition of a handful of mid-paced riffs, and ends with... well, the same riffs. That's not a bad thing, though, because the songwriting here perfectly captures the lo-fi feel of classics like "Satanic Rites". The proceedings have a filthy, nasty vibe that fans of this style should appreciate. The songs on Gravewurm's earlier albums seemed to blend together a bit, but here they stand out nicely, with plenty of strong moments. I've only one complaint. There are way too many fadeouts here, leaving most of the songs without a strong sense of completion. With all the great riffs on display, here, it's a shame that they didn't spend as much time on the song endings.It was difficult to choose standout tracks for this one - they're all excellent, ten times better than anything this band has done in the past. On top of that, there are a number of unlisted live songs as bonus tracks. All told, that's nearly twenty tracks of quality Hellhammer worship. If you like this sort of ancient black/death metal, you need to pick this up immediately. Highly recommended.Standout tracks: "Legend", "Rise of the Goatlord", "Dethroned and Buried"
This Pitt quintet is made up of solid musicians/characters whose wide appreciation of music is evident in the 7 blistering tracks that make up AoE. This music is best described as Metal because, within these tracks, you'll find elements of every sub-genre of heavy music. If you enjoy these tracks, be sure to check out the rest of their catalog on Innervenus.org.(Be sure to catch them live as they wreak havoc near you- They do not disappoint)!
The first two songs on this album make it worth buying alone. Persephone 1 and Persephone 2 are two of the greatest post metal songs I've ever heard. The rest of the album is decent, but pales in comparison.
Digmetalworld, a venture to bring South American metal to the worldwide masses, shows that metal music is the universal language.For the most part, the music is good on this disc but there are some standout tracks.  Ancestral, Necrosis, Nuclear, and Downfire shine the brightest on this metal compilation.As a hard rock/metal fan, I highly recommend this collection of South American metal.
Released in 1993, Games People Play was album number three from German melodic hard rock band Pink Cream 69. The band, which at the time featured vocalist Andi Deris (now with Helloween), was one of the best melodic rock bands to emerge at the end of the `80s, and Games People Play is one of the better albums they recorded with Deris on board.The first thing you notice about this album is that Games People Play is a bit darker and heavier than the party rocking debut or 1991'sOne Size Fits All. It's still very melodic, but this is the first Pink Cream 69 (which, by the way, has to be one of the worst band names ever) album that you could really call metal. The guitars sound heavier, the rhythms are faster, and the lyrics are a bit more serious. Maybe that's a reflection of the emerging alternative rock scene (the band went full-on grunge with their next albumChange), or maybe the band was just frustrated with their previous direction. Whatever the reason, Games People Play stands out from the band's previous albums. The songs are still good though, and the band sounds really tight.Games People Play ended up being Deris's last album with the band. He went on to join Helloween and was replaced in PC69 by David Readman.Fans of 80's and early 90's hard rock owe it to themselves to check out Pink Cream 69. If you're looking for a good example of their early sound, Games People Play is a great album to start with. If you want to hear the band at their absolute best, pick upElectrified.
few rockers in america have probably heard of this band.let me tell you theses guys rock.if you like drowning pool type metal , this is for you.all 3 of their cd,s are 4 or 5 star metal.
Just as good and much like their 'Green' effort (see my review) in the way that the band plays a healthy dose of high-emergy psychedelic + the fact they were both released in 2009 on the Captain Trip label. Check out their site when you have time - they have a lot of hard-to-find titles. As for 'Purple', I dug the disc's two lengthiest tracks the best - the seven-minute "September's Rain" and clocking in at over eight minutes the ass-kicking "Always Trips Over". Also liked the in-your-face rocker "Planet X" and "Owl Man". For your convenience, you can easily download the entire CD off this very site. Enjoy.
This EP smokes. Amazon MP3 download is the best deal I've found on it. I agree with those who say these dudes are carrying the Nasum torch. Fine grind.
These are all classics, but two stand the test of time.&#34;Turn around, look at me&#34;&#34;You are my Special Angel&#34;Quality of sound is excellent.Not all tracks are by the original Vogues so its not collector quality.
If you grew up enjoying the Vogues and perhaps attending their concerts.....this album brings some of their best presentations back to you.  I enjoy listening to this when I need a trip down memory lane. Romantic memories abound.
Nice mixture of styles.  Quality of sound was very good.  Good mixture of a 50's sound as well as early 60's
Great classical album probably one of my favorites from the 80's in the Death/Black Metal Genre Death did a great job on this album its so harsh on the vocals and I just love the drumming its so clunky like old school style. The guitars are insane such great technique and style its unbelievable I could go on and on but I'm not.yes yes its a great classicRecommend to any Fan of Metal or Fan of Death.
I'm still learning to like this music. Different, yes, but good. I'm sure it will grow on me over the next few weeks.
Typically my musical preference leans toward the original version of the song.  I don't even go to concerts because many times the music quality isn't that good.  When I first listened I was alittle disappointed that other artists were singing some songs and the songs by the original artists were not what I remembered from the radio, but after listening longer I came to really enjoy the versions in this set.  It's almost like listening to live music but better sound quality.  The musicians making up this list were top quality.  It was a great purchase for $8.99.  I highly recommend it.
I had never heard of Gus G before he was tapped by Ozzy to replace Zakk Wylde. I was a huge fan of Zakk, so I waited until some reviews were put up before buying Scream. I was impressed by what I heard so I made the decison to buy "Guitar Master". I am so glad I did! Gus G is a brilliant guitar player & I was very impressed by the range of his playing. He very deftly moves from a classical metal style to a very bluesy style with a dexterity that greatly impressed me.Check out the tracks Hardly Enough", "Nightwalker", & "Blue Groove" to har the man's talents for yourself! I've always been impressed with how a guitarist plays, not necessarily what he plays. I much prefer  being overwhelmed with a few notes with feeling, than 1,000 notes with none. If, you're loooking for one of the next great guitarists, look no further, Gus G is here!!
The concept album Crawling Out of Hell is the debut offering from New York band Fallen Angel. Similar to the equally concept-minded Iced Earth, it's clear that Fallen Angel draws inspiration from classic heavy metal bands like Iron Maiden and Judas Priest. The twin lead guitar assault of John Cruppe and Robb Lotta (of Anthrax vocalist Joey Belladonna's solo band) is devastating, and vocalist Steve Seniuk can go from a steady midrange to screaming for vengeance in no time flat. The crushing rhythms also bring to mind Testament's thrash metal style.Crawling Out of Hell, the first in a planned trilogy, is a concept album that follows Luke, a young man who gets a glimpse of Hell while in a coma and then dies, entering a sort of Purgatory. Various agents of good and evil try to use Luke's soul as a pawn in an all-out war that spans both Heaven and Hell. The story is further detailed in an accompanying novel by Cruppe entitledFallen Angel: Crawling Out of Hell. We've all seen concept albums before, but this is the first time a concept for an album has been expanded in novel form.The most well thought out concept in the world means nothing if the music is weak. Fortunately that's far from the case here. Crawling Out of Hell is a very compelling metal album that combines elements of traditional, power and thrash into a final product that's fast, heavy, powerful, melodic and epic. It totally works as a collection of great songs independent of the larger concept, but the conceptual elements definitely add another dimension to these songs. I can almost smell the sulfur in "Blood on My Soul" and feel the despair in "The Neutral Zone." There are also several brief instrumental passages, but they serve to define and enhance the album's atmosphere rather than distract from the rest of the songs.I also have to acknowlege the packaging, specifically the inserts. The 32-page booklet features the usual credits and lyrics, but also includes key plot developments and vivid, fully painted artwork that further illustrates the story. This album is as appealing visually as it is aurally. Fallen Angel clearly went all out on this release to help Crawling Out of Hell stand out from the crowd. Here's hoping it works.Crawling Out of Hell is a very impressive album by a band that clearly cares a great deal about how they present themselves. This kind of quality and attention to detail is rare in young, unsigned bands, and it marks Fallen Angel as a band to watch in years to come. If you're a fan of powerful, heavy traditional metal, particularly the Iced Earth variety, you'll absolutely want to check out Crawling Out of Hell. Fans of Iron Maiden and Judas Priest should also find plenty to enjoy in Fallen Angel.
I like this album because even though I knew a lot of the material on it, it was recorded in such a way that even though I knew that some of it was old, it was still interesting, fun, and cool to listen to.  I didn't know exactly what to expect, but after I heard the "Thunderstruck" cover on the website, I found this disc at the record store and bought it.  Not surprisingly, I wasn't disappointed since I've been a Ministry fan for years and had a good idea of what I would be getting.  I've seen them three times and every show rocked.  That, and I haven't seen a lot of bad reviews on Ministry's music lately.  40 something good versus....what, 2 bad ones?So basically, it's good.  IF you know their music.The downside here is that if you're a new fan, this disc may not attract you AS MUCH as some of the other discs will, such as psalm 69, The Last Sucker, Rio Grande Blood.  Buy this one later if you've never heard of them, but you'll like it nonetheless.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying this disc is a total piece of crap, but i'd hate to see a potential new fan have a "problem" if they don't like this disc.Buy it.  You should enjoy it.
This is a must have Ministry record for a Ministry fan that respects himself. This cd contains several songs that has been circulating in the web for many years, besides includes reworkins of such classics as NWO and a curious version of the late Amy Winehouse' "Rehab". Grab it if you like Ministry's work.
This album is not really a greatest hits, but as the label says, "Greatest Tricks".  This albun was not noted on Ministry's own website, and 13th planet's for that matter. I see it as typical release from Cleopatra, scooping stuff off the cutting room floor and piecing it together for a few dollars.  This has a few old familiars like Stigmata, Jesus Built My Hotrod, and N.W.O., but I think they have been mixed with a bit, or shortened. The Everyday is Halloween 2010 mix is different, neither good nor bad for me.  The interesting stuff here to purchase this for would be the left overs from the Ministry and Co-Conspirators age with cover songs of Paint It Black, Stranglehold, and Iron Man.  Sharp Dressed Man with Billy Gibbons I think is the best of that bunch.  Finally, the redux of Rehab by Amy Winehouse is just ironic, and why Al Jourgenson did this song because of his past (and pointing out her ironic life also). It's that sense of humor I expect from Ministry, too bad they have closed up shop...maybe.
There has been a noticeable trend in recent years for established bands, especially when there is a significant lineup change, to rerecord their older material with the new lineup. In most cases, these rerecordings are totally unnecessary. The adage "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" comes to mind. Sometimes though, the rerecordings show the old songs in a totally new light (Anacrusis did this particularly well with theirHindsight: Suffering Hour & Reason Revisitedcollection). Now Finnish progressive death metal band Amorphis is giving it a try with their new collection Magic & Mayhem - Tales From the Early Years. Now that vocalist Tomi Joutsen has a few albums under his belt, and Amorphis has built a new sound around his distinctive vocals, it makes sense for them to revisit some of their earliest recordings.If you've heard any of Amorphis's recent albums, you know that Joutsen is an impressive clean vocalist, but excels at the death metal growls. If you've caught them live, you know that he absolutely nails the older songs like "Black Winter Day." Hearing the band take on the heavier, more purely death metal songs fromThe Karelian IsthmusandTales From the Thousand Lakesis a revelation. It's been nearly two decades since the band's earliest recordings, so obviously they're a lot better at what they do, plus they've developed a unique sound over the years. Hearing that combination of talent and progress (plus of course Joutsen's monstrous growls) lends a more elegant brutality to songs like "Vulgar Necrolatry" and "Magic & Mayhem," and is almost like hearing the songs for the first time. The pre-Elegy songs should be more than enough to convince the skeptics, and are well worth the price of admission.Then there are the songs fromElegy. Elegy was the album where Amorphis brought in clean vocalist Pasi Koskinen and moved dramatically in a more progressive direction. Elegy is by far my favorite Amorphis album and I consider it an essential metal release. It's as close to an untouchable release as you're likely to find, and tinkering with these classic songs is risky. The band did a decent enough job with them, but didn't really add anything the way they did with the earlier material. They're not bad, and they do grow on you, but they're not on par with the original versions.The only real blunder on Magic & Mayhem is revisiting the Doors' classic "Light My Fire." Covering that song was a mistake the first time around, and is just as dreadful all these years later. Making it through that stinker a second time around takes a supreme effort of will.Old school Amorphis fans may cringe at some of these rerecordings, but for the most part the songs on Magic & Mayhem are very well done, and provide an interesting new perspective on some classic metal songs. Fans of the later Amorphis albums should definitely enjoy hearing the new lineup revisit the classic material.
It was pretty good. It's not the best Amorphis (Tomi Amorphis era) stuff as compared to some of the other albums like Eclipse and Skyforger. However, I'd still recommend it to anyone who likes them or any Finnish heavy metal.
I got this album for free, and it's listenable.  It's not going to be on my &#34;Best Tracks Ever&#34; list, but it's got some decent tunes on it.
actually enjoyed this download. was impressed. the music was way better than I had expected it to be. I recommend giving it a listen. heavier rock.
Various  songs by various artists.  Some make me feel like I should be in a mosh pit, while others are just out and out head-banging good.
I enjoy some metal, screamo, whatever everyone calls it. I enjoy it. I only give it four stars because, I like it sprinkled in to my playlists. I only give it four stars because as much as I enjoy this style of music and this specific sampler, I was never compelled to listen to the tracks over and over again.
Good Fight free music sampler is very interesting. I listen to it every so often. It makes for nice variety.
I am not a fan of this style myself but I always like to have a listen and give props where they are due.  Good variety of sound here and a few of them are actually pretty good.  Again not my genre exactly but all music deserves to be given its proper dues.  After all where would we be without some of the greats.... I am not an Elvis or Beatles fan but where would we be without them?  Dont shoot it down just because its not your style... I give this set at least a 4 just because its not my style and it caught my ear on a few of the songs.  Keep up the goodfight  :D
Listen To The Next Big Thing In Metal. This Is A Great Band That Is Well Worth Your Time, Check Them Out NOW!!
This band is about as intense as they come. Just do yourself a favor and be in the seated position and prepare for a helluva ride
Originally released in 2006, Attero Dominatus was the second full-length release from Swedish power metal brigade Sabaton, who pair their hard charging melodic heavy metal sound with an obsession with warfare. Running Wild and Powerwolf are the closest points of comparison to Sabaton's sound. Just substitute the songs about pirates (Running Wild) and the devil (Powerwolf) with songs about tanks and old battles.Attero Dominatus is a melodic, aggressive, and well orchestrated metal album. It sits squarely in the power metal genre, but it's tough and "true" enough that the traditional metal label also applies. Some of the arrangements on Attero Dominatus, particularly on the title track and "In the Name of God," actually sound quite a bit like Nightwish circaWishmaster. The martial subject matter gives the album some added depth and makes it a bit more interesting than the typical fantasy themes often used in this kind of music. The whole album is impressive. Whether it's the fast and furious approach of "We Burn" or the epic "Rise of Evil," Sabaton delivers a high energy metal assault that is sure to please many a metal warrior. Speaking of which, the album's high point has to be the song "Metal Crue," which name checks a whole host of classic metal bands.Attero Dominatus is a key album in Sabaton's history, and is a big step forward fromMetalizer. It's a strong, hard-hitting, melodic power metal album that should definitely appeal to fans of bands like Running Wild, Powerwolf, Grave Digger, Rage, Hammerfall, Jag Panzer, and perhaps even the militaristic Bolt Thrower.Edition Notes: Nuclear Blast reissued a "Re-Armed" edition of Attero Dominatus in 2010. The new version features expanded liner notes and five bonus tracks, including a pair of cover songs (Doro and Sven Rubin), a live medley, the previously unreleased "Nightchild" and a demo version of "Primo Victoria." The idea behind the reissue was to get the early Sabaton albums, which didn't have the best distribution initially, in the hands of the new fans who discovered the band after they signed to Nuclear Blast. This approach makes perfect sense, and they really have included enough extras here to make it worth replacing the earlier version if you bought it the first time around.
The Monochromatic Era is a very strong metal album or industrial metal if you like. They still need to tweak some details like melodic vocals and songwriting (to a lesser degree) but these are just minor issues and I believe Breach The Void has an enormous potential. I bet their next album will be even better; they will improve much like Sybreed improved over the course of their first to second album. Highly recommended if you listen to bands such as Fear Factory, Sybreed, Mnemic, Soilwork, and Meshuggah.
Start to finish this effort screams well done. the old/new versions. The new efforts and the backbone holding together all the musicianship. It takes me back to my youth while letting me still enjoy my now. If you liked any of their previous efforts, don't miss this one.
Anything she sings sounds great. This is not as awesome as their albums but a great addition for Epica fans.
Typical for this band, loud, ear-shreding vocals, melodic riffs, and lyrics you have too read too understand. I would have given 5 stars but the album is abut too short.
Im not the biggest fan of the whole melodic death metal thing but I cant deny greatness when I hear it. Clayman is a great disc along with Whoracle and colony In Flames have created something special.Not being a big fan of the melodic thing these 3 caught me by surprise and I love it!!!
Great album. Added this to my In Flames file, and just put it on shuffle. Can't beat the price on Amazon's downloads.
Been a DRI fan since 84 and once I saw Kurt Brecht was involved I had to have it.  It's very solid, maybe not spectacular but very solid. Hoping to see these guys live sometime.
These guys hail from Canada which is rare for this specific genre. I have only listened to this once. It is an 8 out of 10 to my ears.
Not a bad album if you're looking for something in the hardcore / thrash genre.  Plenty of good riffs and stuff to get your blood pumping.  Not a lot of originality to the tunes - they more or less sound the same with similar vocals and keys.  But, I like the album.  It does well if you're looking for something to listen to at the gym to keep you motivated!
I was hooked on No Bragging Rights the first time I heard them. The emotion is prevalent through the whole album, the breakdowns are brutal, the music is heartfelt.I recommend this CD to anyone who's a fan of Betrayal, The Ghost Inside, etc. Check it out.
These guys are another Swedish band that knows how to rock. They are not Metal in any sense of the word, but just a good hard rock band ith old school tendencies, and that's not a bad thing. Just good music that you really don't have to think about. Sit back, relax, have a few beers, or whatever your adult beverage of choice and enjoy.
Debut album from Atlanta, Georgia band of bluesy, Southern-tinged hard rock led by powerful &haunting female vocals.  There is some strong songwriting here, with a psychedelic twist thatsometimes takes a dark, downtempo side road into a sludgy, harmonic land.  Shades of FuzzManta, Sleepy Sun, Subrosa, Jex Thoth, Acid King.
If you are a fan of Pantera, BLS, Alice In Chains,and Anthrax this cd is right up your alley. Containing all the right elements of a damn GOOD Heavy Metal record, BEFORE THE DAMNED's UNANIMOSITY is a solid effort from front to back.The vocals are ON, and reminiscent of the above mentioned bands, the music is everything a band like this should be - tight, agressive and groovin - while at the same time tuneful.What also stokes the flames here is the helping hand of Pantera,Hell Yeah Producer Sterling Winfield, who lends his Grammy nominated production and mixing skills. Throw in a guest appearance from Kittie lead guitarist Tara McLeod, add some booze and you got one helluva party going on.While BTD may wear their influences on their sleeve theres still enough here to call it there own. A great debut record for an indie band from London Ontario Canada, cheers to a follow up that sees them trailblazing their own path. I will be listening for it.STAND OUT TRACKS: GUN TO MOUTH BLUES, COME SWEET DEATH, BEYOND RECOGNITION, AND BLACK HALO.
If you enjoy Your Demise, you will probably like The Red Baron. I haven't checked out xbishopx, but the first five songs of this split are good. just a note, The Red Baron doesn't curse in their songs, but xbishopx does, that's why the whole CD is marked "explicit".
This best of collection is an updated version replacing the 1980 version which only had 12 tracks. The remastering is quite nice but it stops before 1984 which stinks because there is no Perfect Strangers or House of the Blue Light which are wonderful albums in their own right. But if your are looking to upgrade... this collection will work just fine despite its flaws.
Combine elements of Anthrax riffng and early vocal work with Iron Maiden and Metallica's melodic guitar landscaping, some Dio like lyrics  and add a small dose of progressive structures and thrashing ball$ out metal and that is what you will get with this EP. I was searching for something to fill in the gap between the super heavy current music and the early works of the golden age of metal and this popped on my radar. The guitars are very crunchy and crisp. the bass punches and the drumming is straightforward and moves the music along nicely. The vocal work is rough and has an older sounding edge to it however the singer has a command of articulating the lyrical content while maintaining a balance of a ferocious delivery. The production and mixing is slightly less that top notch but let me add that it reminded me of the tonal qualities I grew up on in the 80's. Overall this is a great addition to the Metal catalog. What this EP may lack in innovation it exceeds in pure raw fun and heavy delivery.
Hawthorn is a symphonic extreme metal band from Brazil that has signed a multi-label recording contract with Sullen Records and Intense Millennium Records. The line-up is Amanda (vocals), Keisie (guitar), Totti (keyboards), Wilian (bass) and Guilherme (drums & vocals). They are influenced by the Scandinavian extreme metal scene. Hawthorn has two independent releases in the form of `Dawn Of Blood' EP (2008) and the full length `Thorns And Blood' (2010). An underground christian black metal label called Sullen Records released a limited edition CD featuring both recordings in February 2011.The `Thorns and Blood' album opens with a melodic spoken word intro "A scream echoes in my soul / Can't see anything in my way / Silence cuts like a knife / That rips and annihilates all the senses". Following this is heavyweight keyboards almost overlaying the guitar in `Master Of Lies', which has gothic clear vocals. It is not until `Dark Veil' that they unleash the snarling thrash vocals and technical guitar riffing. The extreme metal lyrics take force in `Dark Night' with raspy growling "Cold wind in a dark night / Smell of Death that exhale in the darkness / Obscure way that you walk / Trying to overcome / fear and miseries from the heart".My personal favourite is `Eternal Lord' which has a melodic keyboard intro, then pauses for dramatic effect before thunderous drumming and brooding guitar forcibly make themselves known. Amanda's haunting, operatic vocals send a tremor down the spine and trades places with Guilherme's snarling. "Oh my Lord / Put me in battles for your name / Use me as a divine instrument / It doesn't matter the price I need to pay / I trust in You my Lord / I depend on your grace my God / God of glory and love".They also stray into thrash territory in `Thorns' with its razor sharp riffing and time changes. Whilst it doesn't mention Jesus by name, it is about his death and resurrection.
"In Case You Forgot" is also on the newest release, "The Missing Links"The other 2 songs here are well worth having
I've had this album for a while now, couple years it seems. Amazon reminded me that I hadn't reviewed it yet. I still listen to this album and when a song from 'March of the Norse' shuffles up on my iTunes, I will usually turn it up. I still drive around with this album playing sometimes; really good driving music. The track 'Son of the Sword' is where it's at for me. When the chorus kicks in, it's hard not to want to sing along a little bit. 'Over the Mountains' is probably the weakest song on this album, the lyrics being a bit too obvious in their effort to evoke Vikings walking over, or more likely sailing past, ...some mountains. And this is still a good song! So when your weakest track is still pretty good, you know you've got a solid album on your hands. Is it a must have for any metal collection? No, not really. But it's a heck of an enjoyable album.
This is a really good sampler, But one of the other reviews of this sampler said it is Death Metal. This is more of a Hardcore Metal Sampler, not Death Metal. This is a good one though. You sould download it and give all the songs a listen if you like this kind of music :D
Quite a few tracks with serious meat . rawks hard. of course not every track strikes but most. rare to me in most compilations .
I got these for free, so it's kinda hard to be upset with the purchase. Pretty solid group of musicians, with some nice and heavy tracks.
Lots of really good music on here. Quality is for the most part pretty good. Discovered several new bands I really like.
Didn't like all of the songs on the album, but I did enjoy the majority of songs on it.  Good album.
And I appreciate it very much. I like many of the songs n this sampler. If you have found it, you will probably like it too.
Great sampler some of the artists have really well developed songs and some of its off beat screaming to noteless guitar.
Your Memorial led me to this sampler. A bunch of great music, and some that is too over the top God praising for me.  It's free, so you can't really complain.
Great music to listen to if you want to get you pumped up for a gym session, or if you are on your way to work for motivation.
Facedown Records released this sampler in time for their April 8 & 9 Facedown Fest in Pomona, California. According to Wikipedia 'Facedown is a Christian Record Label featuring Christian & Secular Bands'. Many sound pretty good.Track 1 Gideon playing Virtue. Cool music behind metal vocal grinding and peaking on this opening track. Nice.Your Memorial play Surface next. Similar vocal sound to Gideon better harmonies & better sound behind the real singer. Song breaks out into excellent rock track as the singer and band overwhelm the metal vocal. This is a great song.Track 3 is My Epic with Lower Still. Neat opening to great song. This is a very cool metal song neat vocal harmonies over 'wall of noise' and some intelligible lyrics.Transcend by Hope For The Dying. Another song that overcomes the metal vocals and soars featuring nice guitar work great singing drums and sound. 7+ minute track gives you time for mellow and harsh moments. Like it.Track 5 is Devastator by For Today. Early neat clean guitar sound over metal vocal descends into metal and metal that is disjointed and raw. Vocals with a obvious message don't help.Messengers play Anthems next. Starts w/frantic playing over jerky singer. The track slows and dies along with the singers groaning. Shame.The War Within Us from Onward To Olympas. In your face metal vocal partners w/strong band. Metal vocal was nearly too much for me until soaring singer joins in and competes with that voice. Song wins.Track 8 War Of Ages w/Collapse. Neat opening then metal vocal immediately at war with true singing. Lively band some neat in your face voice great harmonies strong playing, lyrics probably have a message song outweighs all. Great track.A Hope For Home play The Overman. Nothin' fancy then non metal singer joins in (again). More cool vocal over metal vocal and bashing band. I am detecting a pattern here start with classic metal vocal then bring in cool rock vocalist on some of these tracks.Track 10 Empty Promises by Call To Preserve. Classic 2+ minutes of Metal.The Hands play 6 minutes of Resistance. Slow lightweight metal over deliberate lyrics. Band wakes up slows down singer keeps speaking. Song restarts at 3 minutes, the second half sounds the same.Overcome with Alone in a Crowd. Vicious vocal over punchy band becomes drain vocal over same band.Track 13 And Weep by A Plea For Purging. More of an intestinal vocal than previous tracks. Active band. Not for me.Next up Defamator by Take It Back. Fast punkish sound 97 seconds of metal action great song.In The Midst Of Lions play The Machine. Nothing special here. Metal vocal same sound.Track 16 Burial playing Demons Never Sleep. Could the song title be a warning to us w/rapid metal playing behind metal vocals sounding the same, perhaps Demons never sleep?Last track All, But The Archer by Saving Grace. Throat clearing intro by the vocalist leading to more of the same. Band zooms along but can't redeem the track even with weird chorus spoken words and pauses later in the song.This is a good sampler. Started better faded at the end. Some neat songs couple of great tracks. From what I could understand much of the content suffers usual tendency of this genre of limited lyrical imagination. Download on to your massive hard drive give it a listen delete what you do not like.
These guys pull out all the stops -they got the riffs, they got the solos, they got a great drummer -the bass is buried a bit BUT this is some severally thrashed out death metal!  It's heavier than any thrash band but has that sound and feel of thrash, mixed with a teensy bit of black metal blended with some grindcore -you get Entrenched! The only way to describe this is a lesser version of Terrorizer's "World Downfall" -with longer songs and less of them... I know, it's unfair to compare them to such a heavy classic but this a very good album in that vein... you like old Terrorizer, you'll like this!
One of my favorite sludgy doom bands - they simultaneously exemplify the genre perfectly while offering up more complex melodies than your average sludge or doom band.  Like Jucifer, Beast In The Field, Pombagira and others, they also show you don't need more than two people to create some seriously memorable music.  BUY THIS NOW.
Cayce Smith's mostly solo album showcases many of the strengths of his musical talent in this genre.  Listen for his message within the music and you can experience the ride too.  You may find some favorite cuts. but don't miss playing the whole album through as a unified performance.  Cayce shares his talent here as inspired musician, songwriter and vocalist.
One of the great (and underappreciated) metal bands from the 80's. I had the privilege of seeing them live at The Channel back in the day. They were a great live band. This was their fourth album and they sounded better than ever. If you listen to their first album (March of the Saint) and their later albums they have improved both as musicians and song writers. Plus, I've always loved their band name.
I purchased the mp3 version of the album. Everything downloaded without any trouble, but all of the songs were mislabeled and out of order. This was the first time this happened to me for an mp3 album purchase. Renaming the songs so they were organized properly did not take long, however. As for the album itself, I give 5 stars. Amon Amarth is a solid band, and this is another of their great metal albums.
twenty words what can I say in twenty words.  Well it was worth the purchase.  They seem like a young up-and-coming metal band.  I've listened to this album over and over.
I think overall this is an outstanding piece of work. It's a bit uneven in places, but overall it's a solid A outing for this band. The songs are well-crafted and the production is bombastic, like you expect. Old school metal often flies under the radar and that's a shame; because in the conglomerate that is digital music, good albums like this get lost. I recommend this, if for nothing other than you'll get your hands on good, solid, technically sound heavy metal that wears its influences proudly on it tatted sleeves, as all real metal bands should. In a watered-down metal market where there are few standouts, it's great to see records like this from bands of this quality.
I had the great pleasure of meeting a couple of the guys from the band before they opened for The Sword in Seattle. Not only are they well grounded themselves, but so are their metal fundamentals. The tracks are varied; some feature thick, sludgy, doom metal cuts and others like When the Wind Blows (my personal favorite) and Song of the False are sheer thrash powerhouses that will have you banging your head in no time. The lyrics are classic metal, yet clearly their own. Most songs build upon themselves and don't simply start, peak, and end.Their live show was energetic, frenzied, and they EASILY outclassed the band that followed by a mile.For some reference, I love old metal. One of the reasons I can't stand most new stuff is that there is a clear lack of talent. The generic lyrics suck, the riffs are tired and could be played by a twelve year old, nothing goes into solos, drums simply provide a beat, and the bass is mostly drowned out instead of featured. If you take one look at this band's influences (Sabbath, 80's thrash bands), you understand that they hold themselves to a different standard, and it shows. The solos are solid and skillfull, the bassist is amazing, and the drums look like they'll need surgery and the drummer incarceration from the aggravated assault he just dealt them.To be objective, I have to say I didn't care for Wastelands. It sounded too repetitive and uninspired. The vocals could stand a little more range throughout the album. But one dud out of six is a better start than most bands have. When the Wind Blows is one of the best songs from a new band that I've heard in years.Buy this album. Share it with your friends. If this first album is a barometer for the weather ahead, this Seattle band's got more sunny days ahead than they're used to.
I listened to a few of the songs from this group and felt the feeling of beauty in the mist of dispair.  Cat's voice is erie but beautiful.  But hoping to hear the same on this collection was not the case but it was good enough that I felt it was worth the purchase.  Lots of songs for the MP3 download price made up for it.  If you like the artist, I recommend this purchase.
The Spuds! Old-school C-Town punk rock! I wish these guys would do a full sledged tour, hitting the West Coast out where I am. This is good old fashioned hardcore at it's quickest, and best!
I like the effort these boys in doing this LP. You can tell they are fans too. And the line up of songs has better flow...sorry, Reynolds.
This album has some good songs but not as good as Miasma. If you like these guys also check out Naera. They are good too.
This is thought to be one of the weaker albums from The Black Dahlia Murder based on most reviews and fan comments I've read but I disagree and was pleasantly surprised.  This was a transition album for the band after changing guitar players and I think the change in the bands sound caught some people off guard but when you hear the follow up to this album, Ritual, you can tell where the band's sound has evolved.  By they time Ritual came out the band had gone from having many similar sounding songs on an album to each song having its own distinct sound and a clearer melody in each song.  The new album, Everblack, comes out next month and I'm hopeful that it's as good as the rest of their albums.
this is a great 7 track EP from the Cowboys. My main reasons for buying it is the unreleased song from the Machine Fish sessions "Paradigm Shift" and the KISS cover "I Want You". The KISS cover was originally supposed to be on a tribute CD in '94 but they lost their record deal and the song was cut from the tribute disc. I believe it was re-recorded w/ Wally's guitar parts. The live cuts are good, not the greatest quality but still good. I recommend it.
When I think of metal bands that cover history, I immediately think of Sabaton, Exodus, and of course Iron Maiden.  Hail of Bullets is credible addition to this.  On Divine Winds was the first of their work that I bought as an Amazon download, due to close family connections with the Pacific War.  I was not disappointed.  It could be a little more clear; the growled vocals obscure the historical themes to a degree beyond those of those other bands.  Still, it is a very good effort to which I listen frequently.
This is a very cool single. The metal supergroup Charred Walls of the Damned, which features Richard Christy (ex-Death/Iced Earth/Control Denied), Steve DiGiorgio (ex-Death/Control Denied) and Tim "Ripper" Owens (ex-Iced Earth/Judas Priest), take on "Nice Dreams," which was originally recorded back in 1989 by lesser-known thrash metal band Powermad.Absolute Poweris one of my favorite thrash albums, so it's cool to see Charred Walls of the Damned paying their respects. As you might expect, Christy and DiGiorgio light this one up, but surprisingly it's Ripper's performance that really stands out.This is a fantastic single, and one that all Charred Walls of the Damned fans should check out. If you're also a Powermad fan, this is even more essential.
During the first couple of years in the 1990's, thrash metal was king, and as a result of the success enjoyed by Metallica, Slayer and the like, what seemed like hundreds of thrash bands popped up out of nowhere to claim a piece of the prize. With few exceptions, most of these bands soon fell by the wayside as the 90's became the grunge decade. Some of these bands, if we're being honest, deserved their fate. Others, however, were unfairly overlooked and should have gone on to experience real success. One of those bands was Delaware thrashers Solitude.Solitude had been active in the Delaware metal scene since 1983 (active in this case translates to "they were the Delaware metal scene"). The band's thrash metal sound solidified not long after they experienced Metallica's Kill `Em All, which pushed Solitude (and plenty of other bands) in a harder, faster direction. As the band progressed, their sound took on a definite Bay Area influence. In particular, you hear a lot of Testament in Solitude's sound, starting especially with the Sickness demo release. Solitude had a great mix of speed, technical ability, intelligent socially conscious lyrics and an unrelenting sense of heaviness throughout. This was a band that had a lot more to offer than your average thrash metal act, but they never managed to break out to a larger audience. Their demos were well-received in tape trading circles, and they managed to score a song ("Typhoid Mary") on Metal Blade's Metal Massacre X compilation. This led to a record contract with Red Light Records and the release of their debut full-length, 1994's From Within. Unfortunately, the album's release coincided with the rise of grunge as well as the demise of their label, so From Within never saw US distribution and the band soon called it a day.Solitude may not have lasted, but they obviously weren't forgotten. Reissue label Divebomb Records has just released Poisoned Population - The Complete Collection (1987-1994). As you might gather from the title, Poisoned Population collects every available Solitude recording in one impressive 2-disc anthology. The first disc is the full From Within album, and the second disc includes the demos Focus of Terror (1987), Sickness (1988) and Fall of Creation (1990). All songs have been digitally remastered and, given the source material, sound pretty damned good. In addition to the remastered audio, Poisoned Population features enhanced video content (an 8-song live performance and a slideshow of original show flyers) and the liner notes include an interview with vocalist/guitarist Keith Saulsbury conducted by Kevin Stewart-Panko of Decibel Magazine. Poisoned Population is limited to 1,000 copies, and will not be available digitally. Even if you have the original CD release of From Within, the improved sound quality and additional material make Poisoned Population a must-buy. If you've yet to experience Solitude and have an appreciation for vintage thrash metal, Poisoned Population is a true lost treasure from the metal vault.
I'll keep it short. No, they're not as technical as they used to be. No, they're not as aggressive as they used to be but I think they've aged pretty well. Where some bands completely morph into another band over time, Textures has managed to mature gracefully. They still retain their most important & unique trait...that being the Textures melodic stamp.Since this is MY review, I will say Drawing Circles was my favorite...it's their pinnacle....probably most others' favorite as well. Silhouettes was a logical progression, I suppose. It's my least favorite after Polars. The new singer helps these 2 new songs from Dualism sound different but I'm still not sure if he's enough to distinguish them from what's already been done on Silhouettes. This remains to be seen of course.  I can't help but feel though that his tone, technique....something about the way he sings just doesn't work for me.  He doesn't sound good to my ears but others may not see it that way.
I used to listen to Riddle of Steel Pt. 1 over and over whenever I needed my Elder fix. If you like that track, you'll love this album. They've really taken it to the next level. I love the overdriven sound: the smash of the ride cymbal along with the up front grind of the guitar.I think they're showing some fantastic growth with this record. More towering riffs, the right dynamic shifts, and just the right dash of vocals.Highly recommended for anyone seeking the cosmic nod.
This album speaks for itself.  Have a listen to the samples and if you like what you hear you will likely enjoy the full versions.  There was a little more singing than I expected from the samples but I adjusted quickly.  Had to knock 1 star off for vocal quality.  It's not terrible but it could surely be better.  I'm sure by the next album this guy will be more practiced and polished.  Looking forward to seeing what this guys come out with next. Sounds like: The Sword with less vocals and more awesome, meandering, riff-driven excellence.
great pounding riffs and i love the epic 7 minute plus length in the songs. Dirty sabathy feel to their sound.
as far as opening songs go, this album truly kicks your teeth in with its first track. awesome riffs, sick vocals, brutal drumming, and also they slow it down and give you a chance to really get into their melodic, grooving, headbanging greatness. I thought holy s*** this band is just awesome...... track to doesn't really do much for me, save the beginning riff...and much of the album is like this. just uninteresting. track 7 though my friends really re-iterates my belief that when they really get a song thought out and executed they do it better than most of the second wave bands did. track 7 is a song that I can listen to over and over and never gets old!! I give this album 4 stars for 3 songs.. sounds like a stupid thing to do right?? do yourself a favor and buy it. when you hear it youll agree with me. recommended for fans of post legion marduk, dark funeral, infernal, koldbrann, etc.
Wasn't sure at first but it grew on me a little more after seeing the A.D.D. tour. Hank capped off the show with 3 Bar.
You have to see a band like this LIVE to really appreciate the music but this recording goes a long way to capturing the spirit of a live Anesthetized show. Forever Haunted is already a classic. Although not representative of the rest of their work, I especially like the opening track, Omnipresence. The jacket art work captures the spacey feel of this track perfectly. If I were more into death metal I would have given this a 5 stars review. I'm probably in the minority but I hope the next album is less hardcore and shows off more of the musicianship of this band. Get out the headphones and black light!
Good start. I esp like track number 4 (Cycles of Demise). 2:05 and on on that track sounds awesome! Keep it up!
The cover for this CD gives an inkling of what lies within---a dark ride through dementia. The vocals are, in a word, sick. The music is a non-stop journey into the recesses of mayhem. This is not for the squeamish---it's the musical equivalent of having your face blown apart by a sawed-off shotgun. "Cradles Are Coffins" conjures up the death-rock sounds of ENTOMBED. The relentless onslaught of "Implanted" reminds this listener of the mighty NAPALM DEATH. This is HEAVY, you know? Even the dark-spoken word-vocals in O.N.D.B. paint a nightmarish picture into the mind of a serial killer. If you like your death metal in the old school 90's style, this CD should appeal to you. OK, you've been warned...proceed with caution...if you DARE to proceed at all. When you come out the other side, don't blame me if you're a gibbering, howling mess.
Before getting into the music itself let me spill some historiography. This is a solid work produced by Dan Swan&ouml; himself, who is a pretty famous figure in Metal community and known for work with dozens of Great Names in the genre. The label of the record, Life Force Records, is known for great releases in many musical styles, liberal attitude towards musicians and good promotion. Another interesting piece of background information is that the band didn't release a full length album since Necrodynamic (2001), which sounded nothing like their early albums and the release I am reviewing today: "Five Scars." Necrodynamic was a rough Thrash metal with rock-n-roll tunes and got overshadowed by many other more interesting records perhaps for a good reason as the work didn't feel solid and original enough to catch attention of even die-hard fans of N.I.G. "Five Scars," however, pretty much has the best from the band gathering their essences gained over their long history and myriads of experiences in life.By all means this is a Melodic Death Metal album, not Metalcore or Thrash with Death Metal influences. Fast picking, low-tuned guitars, occasional blast-bits, beautiful harmonies, rhythm changes and razorsharp (couldn't help myself) riffs all over. The music ranges from fast-paced to mid-tempo. Cellos are used on some compositions and they don't sound out of place at all, rather present an extension of the guitar melodies and the atmosphere/feel of the record, which is far from cheerful, not pessimistic but realistic and not theatrically exaggerated like many heavy metal albums out there. Philosophical lyrics have a lot to say as the band reflects on their own experiences and the world around them. Vocals are not as brutal as on "Towards The Twilight," which is understandable. I, as a metal vocalist myself, know that you either go all the way and scream on top of your being or have to hold yourself down a little to save some vocal chords for clean singing. Clean voice is implemented on a few occasions and I could almost hear Dan himself in the background for the slight choir effect. Thank Gods clean/raspy singing is used only when the music asks for it, you won't find standard choruses repeating themselves over and over again. It's a Death Metal record after all.The whole album feels like a single piece of work, you really can't single out any compositions, there's simply no filler of any kind. The only downside of the record is that it's not a break-through work in the genre that's been around since early 90s. But the music is done right, has unmistakable Night In Gales feel to it. If you are a fan of the band's early albums up to the "Thunderbeast" you will fall in love with it right away and end up spinning the disc over and over again. If you enjoy Melodic Death Metal and tired of half-way attempts of mixing hardcore and metal you will love the record too. Gotta say that the imprint of the modern sound can be noticed but it doesn't lead the album. Musicians seem to just acknowledge to the listeners that they can do all of it and in the best possible way but at the same time saying: "this what we do, this is what we love and this is ours, you can take it or leave it, we are not here to please masses but to channel ourselves into the art." Not their words but I hope my approximation would be pardoned by the musicians.
If you look at my review of their first CD you'll see I complained about it being too slow and too sweet.  Everything I disliked in the first CD they corrected on this one.  It's harder, harsher and FASTER!  It's not the greatest thing since hot & cold running water but it's pretty damn good.Good work guys.
Lots of hooks and riffs here, smooth drum work that evokes Horgh from Immortal,driving guitars and a vocalist with quite a bit of range. The vocalist, whose name I'm not sure of, doesn't sing down in the guttural ranges. There's almost a bit of a classic-rock sound to his vocals; he usually seems to set off high notes with some reverb effects, which evoke wind whipping through the tree tops rather than some spandex-wearing-hair-sprayed-idiot. I suppose I would put this album in the melo-death genre, but for some reason that doesn't quite seem to fit the bill to me. They are from Sweden, but I would really hesitate to compare them to Amon Amarth or Soilwork. It's more like Motorhead straying into death metal territory. Anyway, I'm not one to care what genre something falls in, I just want to hear good rock. One of the singles off this album, "Land of the Lost" is pretty dang compelling, lots of warm fuzz tones and throbbing, driving over-layed guitars. I bought the album because the song stuck in my head on a loop for about a week. You can see it here on YouTube: http://youtu.be/nfpsWTM8KdIIt's early yet, but I would say this is definitely an up-and-coming band with strong potential. Glad I stumbled across them.
I adored the other two albums I purchased from Autumn (Altitude and Paradise Nox - both recommended!), but Cold Comfort was a very definite let-down.  It's still fairly good (thus 4* rating), but compared to those other two... it's a notable drop in quality.The biggest complaint I have with Cold Comfort is actually the recording volume; the songs are a bit softer than normal, which makes them very difficult to enjoy in a mixed playlist.  There are a couple exceptions (Naeon is louder than the rest, and is also probably the best song on the album).Beyond that, Cold Comfort is simply not as varied as Autumn's previous releases.  Many of the songs sound extremely similar; I can't tell half of them apart unless I pay special attention to the lyrics.  That makes it VERY hit or miss; please do listen to the previews before considering purchasing this one.
I have been a longtime Agony column fan, and have owned their first two CD's since they were released.  "God, Guns, and Guts" and "Brave Words and Bloody Knuckles" are both among my favorites for their unique approach to metal that any enthusiast of the genre should listen to.  I just recently found out about the 1995 release, "Way Back in the Woods" having thought that the first two albums were the only two ever released except for the original EP and the live EP.  Anyway, "Way Back in the Woods" is not quite as heavy as the first two full length albums, but has some killer vocals, wicked riffs, and lots of character just the same!!  I actually like the country influences on this album like the bluesy riffs and slide guitar, they just fit perfectly with these guys.  Any fan of Agony Column, or even just fans of metal in general should pick this up.
Great album! There is really not much else to say...great thrash/punk style crossover. The only question I have is why is the "Heart" cover, "Baraccuda" left off of the "Corpus Christi" album download list?
My friend told me these guys are going to be playing a set with their band, so I checked them out... picked up this album today and already listened at least three times. Really good song writing, my favorite is track 1 but the whole album is worth a listen; and I can already tell its going to be a fun show!
Quantum Leap is the second album from Greek progressive metal band Persona Non Grata. When the band debuted with 2009'sShade in the Light, they were clearly operating from the Dream Theater/Fates Warning playbook, and that's true of this album as well. You may occasionally detect a darker tone a la Evergrey or a quirky passage reminiscent of Pain of Salvation, but Quantum Leap is for the most part a fairly traditional progressive metal album.It seems weird that the first thing that jumps out at you when listening to this technical and progressive album is the vocal performance, but it's true. Aris Pirris has a great range, and he uses every bit of it here to great effect and conveys a wide array of emotions. Musically, there's a lot to take in. Quantum Leap is a pretty melodic and cohesive album, so you don't always notice how dazzling the instrumentation is at first, but after a couple spins the intricate keyboard and guitar solos in particular really stand out, as do the complex - but never needlessly so - rhythms.Quantum Leap may be a fairly standard progressive metal album, but you have to give Persona Non Grata credit for never getting too carried away with technical wankery and keeping the songs between 5-7 minutes in length. They never give you a reason to tune out, and that can make all the difference sometimes.They may not be re-writing the progressive metal rulebook, but Persona Non Grata is still really good at what they do. If you're looking for the more adventurous, truly progressive stuff along the lines of Leprous, Haken or Pain of Salvation, this isn't it. Traditional progressive metal fans - especially those into Redemption, Zero Hour, Illusion Suite, Pathosray and the like - should find a lot to enjoy in Quantum Leap
2nd album from Massachusetts band of marching stoner/doom war metal that's ready to rip apartthe ranks of indie pop wimps everywhere.  Epic, skull-crushing hard guitar rock for soldiers withblazing six-string weapons set on stun.  Black Pyramid deliver a brilliant roar of pummeling rock,tempered by psych/prog surprises.  Like a mix of Sleep, Graveyard, Black Sabbath, ElectricWizard, Deep Purple, Orange Goblin, High On Fire, In Solitude.
Just in time for Christmas, traditional metal band Holy Grail has a present for fans in the form of a 4-song digital-only all-covers EP called Seasons Bleedings. They released it as a vinyl single as well, but you only get the first two songs. Here's what Seasons Bleedings has to offer:1. No Presents for Christmas - Yes, a cover of the timeless classic by King Diamond. You can tell the band had a lot of fun with this one. They shred away with abandon, and even manage to work in some bits of classic Christmas songs (even the Charlie Brown Christmas song!).2. Kill the King - Holy Grail does a good job with this Rainbow classic, displaying plenty of power and energy as they pay tribute to the one and only Ronnie James Dio (RIP).3. Exciter - This Judas Priest cover actually appeared on the band's debut EPImproper Burial, so it's not exactly new. Still, it's a nice addition if you missed that EP.4. Fast As a Shark - This Accept cover was also on Improper Burial. It's an amazing cover, but you may already own it.Whether you buy the whole EP or just the first two songs, Seasons Bleedings has something to offer all Holy Grail fans. It should help tide us over while we wait for a proper follow-up toCrisis in Utopia.
I've been getting into Holy Grail a lot recently, and was excited to see that they covered some great classic stuff. The album is solid, but not stellar like their original stuff. Still recommended, really fun.
For anyone who has lots of ADM music this is pointless to own. However if you are just looking to add a little humor and variety to your music collection this is a great way to get a taste of them.
This is a good CD, definitely worth adding to the metalhead's Christmas playlist!The Paul Dianno songs are really fantastic, some of my favorite metal Christmas songs!If you like this, don't forget to check of Rob Halford's &#34;Winter Songs&#34; as well!
It's good metal for listening to when I cruise the strip in my 85 Camaro.  I may buy some more from this band. It depends if the Big Haired girls find it cool.
I JUST HAPPENED TO STUMBLE UPON A GREAT THRASH ALBUM! 4 ARM BRING YOU THAT OLD SCHOOL THRASH SOUND OF THE 80'S. IT'S FAST, HEAVY AND BRUTAL! THIS MAY BE A FIVE STAR ALBUM, BUT FOR NOW I GIVE IT 4 STARS.
I saw them live a few weeks ago and they sounded great!  They remind me of Slayer 10 years ago!  The singer/rhythym guitarist Danny played lead guitar on While I Lie Awake and Johnny the lead guitarist played lead on the rest of the songs.  What I noticed is when I watch the band live, Danny is on my left but on the CD his guitar is in the right channel.  In other words they recorded the CD from their point of view, not the audience's.  I do not like that.  However, I met Danny at the merchandise booth and he was very cool.  He said their first CD 13 Scars is out of print and even they don't own it anymore but he said with the band's permission, it is posted on You Tube!
Strong debut album that draws on the power of different metal styles, with a progressive edge. The  drumming is complex, while the riffs are lean and mean. "Strungout," "BIO," and "Compromise" are hard-hitting, the harmonies on "Inner" are ambitious, and "Old Days" has a Sabbath-like feel with some twists and turns. There's a good mix of power and melody throughout this album, and the lyrics have balance aggression with a striving for something better in life..."Dogleash" indicates an epic is in the band's future, "Crawl" is THE standout heavy track, and "Next" suggests something better than "rage, hurt, and anger"...a well-rounded first impression.
Three albums strong, Shinedown has quickly become one of the most noticed rock bands on the music scene today both in a rock perspective and in the mainstream. Their most recent album, "The Sound of Madness" presented their brand new lineup adding Zach Myers on the Guitar and Eric Bass on the bass. Which proved to be a powerful addition as "The Sound of Madness" was certified platinum, and generated six singles, five of which when to #1 on the Mainstream Rock charts and their smash "Second Chance" peaked at #7 on the Billboard Hot 100.To keep their momentum going, Shinedown released "Bully" from their upcoming album "Amaryllis" which is set to release on March 27th.Bully hits home with the lyrics of vocalist Brent Smith speaking true to reality about recent bullying issues in which several students have taken their own lives. Combined with the band's own experiences with bullies from their past and the talent these musicians present in the arrangement of the song, the result is a stand up and fight back message that brings it all together with the line "we don't have to take this, we can end it all"The closest song I can compare this to is the single "Welcome to the Black Parade" by My Chemical Romance from 2007. Many similarities can be heard in the general sound but unlike MCR, Shinedown's "Bully" hits closer to home and tackles an issue that has become of widespread concern and helps us all realize that while bullying may kick someone while their down, we can all stand up and put an end to it once and for all.This is one of my favorite Shinedown songs to date and it only makes me anticipate their new album so much more.
I have been waiting for three years for Shinedown to make a new album and I'm so happy that they are finally getting around to it. This song is a good intro for the album. It's not the loud and aggressive sound like you had in "Devour" or "Diamond Eyes" but it's still a good song. It's a good start for them and I can't wait for the album to drop in March.
All of your fears that Shinedown has turned into Nickelback are unnecessary...Zach Myers is finally establishing himself as Shinedown's guitar player once and for all.  This is no "Sound of Madness" retread- the beginning riff has shades of that album's style production-wise, but the chorus is equally as strong as anything on the 2008 release. Despite the gang vocals that seem to put the track in danger of just becoming part of the rest of the pop metal pack, the real strength of "Bully" is the solo by Zach Myers.  His guitar stylings on the track show some serious chops and take the song deep into the hard rock realm- this surprised me in its aggressiveness and overall attack."Bully" is much more succinct than "The Expendables" soundtrack offering last summer and doesn't overreach as an "epic hard rock anthem".  It is a good sign for Shinedown fans who are holding their breath as the band attempts to follow up on the success of "The Sound of Madness;" exhale, Shinedown Nation- they're back.
Reading the poor reviews here more than compelled me to write a review of this "song".  To each his/her own, but I just don't get the poor reviews.  It's not my favorite Shinedown song, but it rocks and thirsting for some new Shinedown tunes this makes me happy!  It feels and sounds like Shinedown to me and I've been a fan since their first release.  Put it this way, as I'm listening my body is even telling me I like it as I start moving to the music.  Enjoy it, it's Shinedown after all and they Rock!!!
I'll just do a quick track by track analysis based on my impressions:Trk 1 - The Contour: did not leave an impression, and I can't think of a way to review it. I feel like it's simply adequate.  It starts and ends and you barely know it did or that you were just listening.Trk 2 -  Sound of Symmetry: 1 minute and 18 seconds has one of the most effective chorus to bridge transitions ever, and some epic sampling/mixing. The starts and stops in this section are also very effective.  This was the most enjoyable song on the album, although I want to hear them develop their slow sections and synth sounds a little more.Trk 3 - Motion Sickness: I absolutely love the ethereal intro to the song. It's obviously heavily influenced by classical music. They then move into an intense, arpeggiated, driving rhythm before dropping down into a much slower section, effectively gutting the song of its potency and making me uninterested in listening to the conclusion (I do every time, hoping to hear them go where the song feels like it should, but alas, I am always disappointed). It's a shame, it could've been a amazing song.Overall this album has some great moments, but is missing a lot of the things that make Sky Eats Airplane so great. I want to hear them take a little more time with their songs, and do a little more with them. I enjoy their previous work more.  I'd still say it's an album worth having, kinda.  Maybe just download Sound of Symmetry and stick on a mix.  I think they can do better.  They have all the right elements to make great songs, they just made mediocre songs this time.
Snow Shaw is Alive, truly.This album is a rockin' medley of his career, from King Diamond to Therion, with a number of guest musicians stepping up and giving their support.The only drawback is audio quality - it needs a bit of work, even by live album standards. It seems like they could only clean up so much in post production.
I insta-purchased this album after I listened to firework, icarus, and Keep Your Hands Off.  Needless to say, I was moderately disappointed in the rest of the album in comparison to these three songs.I do enjoy this type of music, but I was looking for a similar CD to those three songs so I was caught off guard as the rest of the album was a different type/genre. However, the CD is *good*, but wasn't what I was looking for at the time.  Buy this album, but make sure you check out a few more of their songs/videos before you purchase!
Enochian Theory's new album "Life...And All It Entails" is a very nice album with some really good music.Sometimes heavy (no screaming or screeching)sometimes melodic but all really nice.Sort of like a mix of new Marillion,Porcupine Tree and Riverside.Well played,good vocals and a nice overall sound.Some great music from track 1 on.Very solid 4 to 4 1/2 stars.Recommend this one guys!
If you are a fan of classic and/or stoner rock you should definitely check this album out.  My biggest complaint is that there are only 6 tracks.Their new album is being produced by Brant Bjork of Kyuss, Fu Manchu, Vista Chino fame, and I can't wait to hear it. I would also recommend checking out some youtube videos of their live shows.
These guys are brutal, if you like very brutal deathcore with a hint of metalcore and heavy breakdowns, and an awesome message, buy this album!!!!!!
Featuring Pete Bostaph, brother of Paul Bostaph (SLAYER, TESTAMENT, EXODUS) on drums, San Francisco's MUDFACE "create heavy, brooding music, carefully balanced with flawless dynamics and cathartic breakdowns."  One thing's for sure, energetic groove is in abundance throughout this ten track effort. Channelling aggression into well written songs that, given the proper exposure are capable of creating quite a buzz, Mudface prove beyond a measurable doubt they have what it takes. Vocalist Chris Dinsmore exudes authority much like Robb Flynn from MACHINE HEAD, while guitarist Rich Pia delivers premium riffs coupled with nimble-fingered fretwork. Colour me impressed.
Severchain is a great first independent project by a great artist. The album features 10 original songs that rock out for Jesus. Christian rock fans, check it out on Amazon or iTunes!
Like the title states, this newest release from Pelican tweaks their original approach but is still a very rewarding listen. If you like them before I think you will dig on this one also..
Great production quality and musicianship. Some hardcore fans might find this album a little to different, but I'm happy with my purchase. My only grief is that the songs are to short.
If this EP is a portent of bigger things to come, I'm looking forward to what should be a more daring adventure.  As much as I enjoythe Pelican catalog, I find that there isn't much to distinguish one record from another.  This is not a bad thing.  These guys have an artful ability in mixing ambient textures with pummelling crescendos.  What's exciting about this glimmer of new material is thatthe song structures are less formulaic, and when the crush of  guitars kick in, it's all the more rewarding.
A solid collection of original industrial rock from this Rammstein cover band. The lead singer could easily be confused with the real Till Lindemann. A fun diversion to listen to while waiting for Rammstein to crank out another CD.
If anyone is looking for some old school thrash this album is the one to get, production is not bad but the songs and skill are way above par! These guys know how to throw down! Considering how young they are, I hope they stay together for some time.
Although this isn't anything new and innovative as far as rock music goes, I did enjoy this entire album. "Kiss Tried to Kill Me" first came to my attention at the Motley Crue/KISS concert last month and the snippet played got my curiosity up, I must say. After listening to it from the download samples, I bought it because I like it, plain and simple.
Thrashy, catchy, ugly, raw and just plain nasty black metal.  Believe the hype; these Brooklyn dudes know what's up.  Propelled by the violent percussion of Justin Ennis, this album slays all in its path.  Now featuring Ryan Jones (Today is the Day, Wetnurse) on bass, I can't wait for their future material.  You've been warned; this is not for the false or the weak.  Step aside or be trampled....
Psycroptic are an Australian tech-death outfit who are now somewhat known the world over for the interplay of drummer/guitarist brother combo Dave and Joe Haley.  The precision and interplay between these two guys has been the defining factor in what sets Psycroptic apart from the rest of the pack of tech-deathers over the years.  Dave is simply a drum beast, up there with the best in the business, while Joe's style, while tightened up and refined over the years especially on their last release The Inherited Repression, has always been about his unique riffing style w/nary a guitar solo to be found.This album, Scepter of the Ancients, at the time of this writing is a now 10-yr old tech-death album and is a definite highlight of Psycroptic's pre-Nuclear Blast career.  The riffs fly at you like daggers while the drumming is propulsive.  The Haley brothers were just as accurate a decade ago as they are today, way more busy with their overall arrangements, but the groundwork had been laid for the refinement of their last two albums.I would say that overall, one's enjoyment of this album will come down to two things.  First, 10 years ago it was kind of standard business in death metal to end up with production that buried the bass guitar.  The alert listener will detect this and will have to accept that the bassist is there, somewhere, but very much inaudible...one less layer of music to discover, unfortunately.  Second, one will have to deal with the love it or hate it vocals of their original singer Matthew "Chalky" Chalk, whose varied vocal approach is completely over the top...Chalky throws everything against the wall on this album, some of it sticks, some of it could be a turn off.  Personally, I find a certain charm to the ridiculousness of his vocals, which are a combo of gutturals, highs, mids, a few attempts at actual notes, pig squeals, the dreaded "bree," and lots of other non-worded sounds.  It's pretty hilarious at times.Whatever the case, it's well worth checking out in my opinion, especially if you're interested in seeing how the band has evolved. I'll go w/4*, thank you for reading!
Crazy Lixx, one of the best new bands in the Swedish sleaze rock scene, is back with a new album this year. The follow-up to their breakthrough 2010 albumNew Religionis titled Riot Avenue, and once again the band has found the perfect balance between'80s Hollywood hair metal sound and bombastic melodic rock.This time around, the band tilts a little further into hair metal territory. There's still a shot of Treat, Def Leppard and White Lion in the band's sound, but there's even more L.A. Guns and Bang Tango. It's a fun mix, and one that relies heavily on super-catchy melodies, huge guitar hooks, lots of vocal harmonies and choruses you can immediately sing along to.  The guitar work on Riot Avenue is very flashy, and the vocals are strong too. The album starts off with a bang, and between "Whiskey Tango Foxtrot," "Young Blood" and the title track, there's barely a chance to catch your breath. Honestly, aside from the closing ballad "Only the Dead Know," Riot Avenue is all party, all the time.It doesn't have quite the same immediate impact that New Religion had (that has to be one of the best albums in that whole scene), but Riot Avenue is still a wickedly fun blast of melodic sleaze rock. If you're a fan of bands like Hardcore Superstar, Crashdiet, Reckless Love and the rest of the Swedish sleaze rock scene (or US bands like Dirty Penny, Mad Margritt and Charm City Devils), you won't want to miss this one!
just good old fashioned metal! some good stuff for banging your head and rocking out super loud and hard core
Sophisticated and progressive, the songs are cohesive internally and in relation to one another.  The production is polished.  The work remains firmly within the death metal genre but draws on a broader spectrum of influences than past releases.  It would be great to see these guys break out of the underground.
I've followed Miseration from the beginning -I own all three of their albums. The first album was good, a bit too melodic for my taste but overall a great start.  The second album, while musically is good, I HATE the production... very plastic and polished.My thoughts on production when it comes to any genre of extreme metal is this: good production is good.  Over produced, modern, pro-tooled, slick, mind numbing and sounds like everything else out there production job -bad.  This album achieves a nice balance between the first album and the second.The production on this is modern and well produced -so I was iffy.  But musically, they went heavier and not the more melodic route of their first two offerings.  You can hear the bass in quite a few spots on this album, the guitars are heavy, the drumming is well done -again this is a modern death metal recording so is more "polished" that say, Suffocation's stuff.  There are some synths that are well placed for atmosphere but they don't overtake the music...I have to say, Miseration did a fantastic job on this album... They learned their lessons from the second album, reigned in the overtly melodic passages (they are still there but this a heavier album) -there is some clean singing which I don't care for in death metal but over a great album... recommended!
3rd release from Seattle band of heavy, crunchy throat-ripping metal that combines melody andpower into a hard rock feast for the discerning metal-head.  Dark blasts of psychedelic grungemeld with 80s metal grooves and sludgy drone-trip acid washes of addictively muscularresonance to cast a peculiarly hypnotic spell.  Shades of Kyuss, Black Sabbath, Alice InChains, Shrinebuilder, Helmet, Sleep, Fu Manchu, Monster Magnet.
Sweedish death/thrashers The Forsaken return to form on this ten track release.  If you're into The Crown or At the Gates or meldic death metal in general you will dig this album.
xLookingForwardx is a great band with a great legacy. The music here, like their other material will grow and furrow deeper into you the more you listen to it. The bummer is that the album clocks in at under 12 minutes. This is keeping in great hardcore tradition ala Minor Threat, Bad Brains, Black Flag, Husker Du, et al. I was so relieved when the band got back together but I really was hoping for something pushing the 30 minute mark. xLookingForwardx is just THAT good at what they do. Also I know the economy blah blah blah but c'mon Facedown, the price tag should be more along the lines of $4.99 not the $6.99 I paid.If you love powerful, outspoken, traditional hardcore, with great vocals,grooves, and energy, than this ep is for you.
I had bought the dvd of this cd about 6 years ago. Unfortunatly the cd did not have all the songs from the dvd which is the reason for 4 instead of five stars. But the songs that are on it are most excellent. Nice mix of songs taht you can play through from start to finish over and over without getting bored.
This was a gift for my boyfriend and he loves this band. However he was not that impressed with the entire cd. I think he was looking for something a little less pop-ish and more heavy. I am not a fan of the screaming music if thats what you want to call it and he assured me it would be something I would like because it isn' t that hardcore.
I had the chance to see this band live at Sokol in Omaha. It was a fantastic performance compared to what I'd already heard on this CD. This band has done a fantastic job of rising to the top of the current state of metal. If you prefer screamo metal, or can tolerate it, this band consists of a fine female lead, concise guitar work, and an impeccable drummer playing fast, grinding, melodic, and slower passages.Oh, and, now they're from LA? Before that they were from Albany, NY. And, I'm pretty sure a few members of this band are from Council Bluffs, IA.
I wasn't a big fan of this band before, especially after catching them live. BUT, this album is more heavy, more rock, and the production on it is super slick! Awesome production - maybe a little over produced. But I enjoy the heck out of it, especially title track "Blood". Curious how they pull it off live.
After seeing them in concert I had to go out and get the CD!! I've heard few of their songs on Octance (satellite radio) but the concert just made me fall in love with them
Not a big fan of in this moment. Don't get me wrong they do have moments of brilliance, but they are brief. This album however is exceptional. It has more raw emotion than any of their other albums. It is definitely worth a listen
Sexy, raw, angry, sentimental at times, but mostly edgy raw power. Beautiful haunting skilled vocals on the one track that's more like a ballad.  I like this album a lot!
I don't normally break down albums by track, but I think it's useful for this album:1: Obligatory intro track. Meh.2 thru 5: What you expect from ITM. Maria singing and screaming, heavy guitars and drums, good stuff in general. There's a touch of electronic sound here, which adds depth without being too much. Songs are darker than usual for ITM, with a lot of lyrics focused on sex and lust. I like how it's all still recognizable as ITM but not just a rehash of what they've done previously. Not sure it's as excellent as their best from other albums, though - if nothing they seem a bit repetitive at times, like they could use one more verse or solo and one less repeat of the refrain. Still very good, though.6: Filler. But also kind of a transition, and with Maria whispering dirty things, so it's not a total loss.7, 8: Slower, less heavy and more atmospheric. Not what you'd expect, but AMAZING. 'Scarlet' is easily my surprise hit of the album. Okay, it's not very metal, but it's worth the listening.9: More filler? Okay, ITM, you're starting to try my patience.10: More upbeat, not as heavy as 2-5, but good.11: Similar to 7 and 8, and also very good.12-14: Nothing here worked for me. 12 is heavy but doesn't feel complete, like it's half a finished song that they padded to fill the album. 13 and 14 are obligatory slow songs. That's not a bad thing, a lot of bands do them and ITM's are usually very good, but these are too slow, don't build to much of a payoff, and 14 almost puts you to sleep. Not a good way to go out.So, yeah, worth 4/5 from me. When it's good it's very good, better than a lot of what's out there and as good as anything ITM's done before. But there's a lot of filler and a lot that doesn't work. If you like ITM or metal in general, give it a try. You probably won't like every moment from end to end, but there's at least a few songs in here that everyone can love.
There are a coupple of really good songs on this album, but it appears they can't keep up the level on this one
For background, I own all of the previous releases.  I loved 1/2 the old songs, but sometimes found the other half of the previous rleases to be a bit too much yelling for me.  There were some exceptions of course.For the new Blood release, I love the new sound on several of their tracks.  I think they've incorporated a few more hooks and harmonies, still leaving some good screaming as only Maria can do, and still with a heavy feel to the music.I caught them at a local small venue and they put on a good CD Release show for the crowd.I hope they continue with this slightly more hook-oriented style.  I'll definitely go see them again if they are in the area.
I am always listening to music. From metal, to electronic, to rap. Though, my music tends to be very selective. I like finding new bands that have a unique sound to them, and this happens to be one of my newest additions. I was referred to the song "Blood" by my fiancee and I have to say, I wasn't really impressed. I heard it about a week later on the radio and ever since then I've been hooked on it. It isn't the best album in the world, but it's definitely worth a listen.
Maria Brink just has a ridiculous voice.  Enjoyed the cd, for sure get it if your an In This Moment fan, you might like some songs better than the ones they play on the radio, theres other great ones on the cd.
I bought this CD for &#34;Blood&#34; and &#34;Adrenalize&#34; but Maria Brink's voice makes every song great! I don't listen to many rock bands with girl singers, but In This Moment is definitely not your average band with a chick lead vocalist.
Not only does Maria Brink have one hell of a voice, but seriously, how many female vocalists do you know of that can actually scream with any amount of talent? I originally bought this as a gift for someone else but quickly fell in love and had to have a copy for myself. It's dark, bloody, emotional & in your face.
If you are looking for hard screaming with incredible vocals and a great band with more mature themes, this is definitely worth a listen. Other than the &#34;hits&#34;, Beast Within, and Burn are two of my favorites.
This is a good album with some awesome songs. There were some songs that I did not care for, but the album overall is above average. The songs that stand out the most are &#34;Blood&#34; and &#34;Whore&#34; they are both epic and put the album ahead of the curb.
This is my first 'In This Moment' CD.  Heard the song 'whore' on the Jason Ellis show and loved this chicks voice and had to look up who it was.  I'm a big fan of Halestorm so was glad to find another female singer who can scream melodically as well.
In my opinion in this moment has the potential yo go huge. She seems like she don't know if she should go full on dark goth or stay more main stream. I think she should go full on dark goth. She has the voice to be the next otep.
music is quite subjective and personal so reviewing it is always a challenge.. ill only really be reviewing it from my perspective based on when I started listening to ITM, which I think impacts which songs I like best. Overall i like all the songs on this cd, but only really love about half, where-as the other cd's I love 9/10 of the songs. Still, that being said, if you like ITM, and own their other cd's, then you will likely want to own this cd as well, as it will offer good songs worth listening to over and over as you come to expect from the band.My favorite cd's from ITM are A Star Crossed Wasteland and The Dreamhowever my new favorite songs are probably 'whore' and 'scarlet' from this new cd.Again its hard to review/suggest music to people because its all preference, but overall, at least if you like ITM, this album is worth owning.
Personally I think it's musically way over produced, sounds like they'll need to add a keyboardist to the band.  On the other hand, I think Maria is hitting her stride vocally.  I preferred the first two albums more.
In This Moment's newest release "Blood", is pretty good. And besides Screaming, she can actually sing (I dig the screaming though), I would classify this "Heavy Pop Metal". Be careful about which version you get!, One version adds an additional track "Closer" a NIN cover, you know the one, {&#9834;"I wanna 'F' you like an animal"&#9834;} They could have made it heavier, but it sounds great!... If you're into Heavy music with Screaming chics (FeMetal, as I call it)... Check out ~Kittie~ and ~Otep~(much heavier), ~Straight Line Stitch~{they are a bit heavier} and ~Butcher Babies~... and if you lean towards the more Poppy Metal, check out ~Otto's Daughter~{the songs; Monsters, Angel, and Prison Walls} ... Keep Heavy Music Alive! &#9835; &#9834; &#9835;
Must say for the 3 songs I liked, did not make up for the rest of the disk. Over all a good listen but would not recommend.
A couple years ago I was trying to find a female vocalist that could do it all from hard core to soft textures.  This album, Blood, continues to  show this band can still bring it.  There are only two songs I don't listen to on it but am very satisfied with their work on this one overall.  She has an amzaing voice and shows she can keep up with the best of them.  To truely understand this band and understand their true potential I would highly reccomend their other albums as well.  After hearing Maria's voice you'll understand.  She has a way about her that will keep you wanting more...
This is pretty much what I expected.  I had listened to a few of the songs online and well I got what I set out to get.  It's a moody yelling fest with good metal music, great production, and nice lulls in the rhythm and volume to set the tone for the lyrics.
This band rocks pretty good! I'm not a huge fan of gutterally screaming female artists, but they pull this off pretty well, and there's a few tracks with some very nice vocal artistry that isn't screaming. I recommend it.
This is my first In This Moment CD, and it was a great purchase.  Not all the songs were my taste but for $6 it was easily worth it.
Beyond what I was expecting from this group! Very eclectic mix of emotions throughout the tracks. Yay for In This Moment.
I heard one of the songs a few weeks ago so I downloaded this lp and wow... Her voice is amazing.
This is the best from there catalog, it has a great guitar and vocal edge to it.  I like the industrial touches on Blood and other tracks.  Hopefully they pick up on a good tour this year.
I have some of their other albums and like them. This one however is the best so far in my opinion.
Great cd love it this artist kicks ass a bad ass true hottie playin metal awesome totally all around def
First album of in this moment but seems pretty good. Hope they stay true to their style with upcoming albums. Look forward to the future!
Not really the type of band that I would normally listen to but this is pretty good stuff! I will probably be getting their older stuff in the very near future now.
Thought it was going to be hard like the single Blood, but was quite surprised to hear how versatile Maria Brinks voice is
This CD seems very person in lyrics. I love her voice, the sound, and the energy this CD has. I would definitely recommend this.
it's alright.  i expected better. there are a few, good rockers on it. i listened to it twice then put it away.
I'm reading a lot of the 1 star reviews and people seem to be complaining about how this album goes in a much softer, more mainstream direction than their previous albums, and I even read a review that says this album is like a downward continuation of their last album, recommending that people should listen to ITM's first two albums if they want to hear ITM when they were "good."Which doesn't make sense.  Their last album, their third album, was harder than their second album IMO.  Blood feels A LOT like the band's second album The Dream.  The biggest difference between the two albums, for me, is that the lyrics throughout Blood feel a lot more amateurish than those present in The Dream.  Other than that, they share a very similar amount of softer songs and harder songs and clean vocals over scream vocals.  The Dream was a great album too, and I still actually like it more than this newest release, but the negative reviews from listeners praising old over new don't know what they're talking about.  Blood is not the first ITM album to have this kind of sound.  This isn't a complete "new direction" that they've taken like these negative reviews would lead you to believe.  I love all of their albums, old and new.
Decent rhythms. Maria's voice is hit or miss in most every song, but generally good.
I love this band, and have everything they've ever done.  They are ultimately creative, different, and always unique, with awesome musicianship and of course, Maria's intense vocals and lyrics.But this effort is different...and not necessarily in a good way to my ears at least.  The music is terrific as usual, with tight passages, crunchy guitars, and pounding metallish beats and pulse.  Its hard not to be infected by tone of the music if you're a bona fide metalhead.Now the lyrics and the themes of the record are something completely different, and I'm deeply torn. While I "get" the whole suffering thing, the lyrics here are not really about suffering near as I can tell.  There is definitely something going on here; I feel as though the band has started selling sex, with Maria's vocals and lyrics almost pornographic at some points.  Not necessarily a bad thing all the time (I'm a huge Berlin fan!!), but this album is bizarre in its themes, which seem to be based mostly around sex and depravity.  I get the whole thing about desperation, drugs, etc, but I for one, found the lyrics and themes deeply harsh and almost surprising.I LOVE in your face metal, and most of us expect this stuff from In This Moment, uniquely in all of our faces.  There has been a subtleness to Maria's lyrics in past albums, where the themes of desperation and being lost are always there, even sex and depravity, but the storytelling was crafted more deeply, so that you had to work for it, to understand what the songs are about..then your brain can pattern match to personal experiences and understand what she's telling us.  Not with Blood:  This is a rocket launcher of explicit ideas, right into the forehead.Not sure what I think.  I've listened numerous times, and while it is unmistakably In This Moment, its also bizarrely hard to get into for me at least, and I feel the lyrics are a cheap play on Maria's sexiness, beauty and personal experiences.  I'd rather work for it
Haven't bought a cd in roughly 10 years because it was always a disappointment and a waste of money.  Normally you get 2 out of 12 songs that are worth listening to but this album really surprised me.  "Blood", "Whore" and "Adrenalize" make this cd.  The album has about four other good songs in the middle and kinda slows down at the end.  Its actually a tolarable cd from start to finish which is rare these days.
Wow. Rockin'. This B*tch can sing. and scream. and scare me.Nice  slick production on this one. ould have liked to hear more drum and guitar fills, it's almost as if the Band is holding back...I know I would be too cuz I would be mesmerized by Maria Brink and just stare at her until blood came out of my eyes)Cool Album, a bit scary at times, a bit melodic at times,but cool.
Some of the stuff is too hardcore for me and some of the stuff just sounds great so this is why I will give the album four stars.
Having listened to, and enjoyed all of ITM's albums I quickly grabbed this once it came out. From the opener "Rise With Me" you get the feeling of a stage being set for a release of energy, the whisper before the scream if you will.Blood, the title track, jumps up and startles you with a dark view of a relationship gone wrong, with expectations not met.Adrenalize and Whore shock you with both demanding and submissive physical desire. Listening to the songs you almost have to consider them companion pieces.The verses in It Is Written is a calm explaination of the hate unleashed in the chorus.Burn is painful in it's sorrow and lovely in the statement of rebirth, with the focus being the ressurection and new life rather than dwelling on the past, regardless of the pain.On and on, this is an album that realizes the pain of life but doesn't wallow in it, rather looks for something more beyond that experience.The entire album seems to say "Remember the pain and rise up, above it, and live and be alive!!!"
Easy to listen to. She has a great voice with awesome extremes. I just became a fan and plan on getting the other albums.
I really think this record rocks! So far W****e is still my favorite but I listen to it at least once a week. We'll see how it holds up but it rocks really hard!
This band is really hard and melodic..FINALLY a girl rocker that CAN sing!! And she does! The music is great and well played. Really good guiatrs!
I thought the Blood album rocked hard with some gothic movements and some listless lyrics. I can feel the emotions from the singer and see the vision from her voice. If the singer from this band were to have a kid from the guy from Slipknot that would be quite the demon spawn.
It was a good album, just not their best offering to this date.. They do sound alot better so the production team has stepped up for these guys at least....the song Blood is over done, and doesnt showcase her full tlalent and voice, it relies too much on overdubbs and machines...... all in all it is worth purchasing as there is good stuff o it, just not their best work in my opinion....
&#34;The Dream&#34; was a great album. &#34;A Star-Crossed Wasteland&#34; was just OK. &#34;Blood&#34; is back up there with &#34;The Dream&#34;...so good. The talent is coming out and maturing...can't wait to blast this in my car later.
Pretty good, not hard-charging from beginning to end but, the fast songs are good and the slow ones can be skipped. Maria Brink has got to be the best angry female vocalist in rock.
She has alot of hatred in her songs. Was not as pleased as some of my other selections. I am done with this one
As one who believes Borknagar are one of the greatest metal bands on the planet, to see the great Vintersorg and Borknagar mailman Oystein G. Brun create a side project called Cronian...I was all in. The debut Cronian album TERRA is magnificent. Many say it's too Borknagar sounding and doesn't have it's own feel, and I kind of agree that mabye it would've made a great Borknagar album. After all, they made an acoustic clean vocal album called ORIGIN and that album's a classic among their discography. But whatever...TERRA is a great album. So it was a no brainer to check out the new Cronian album ENTERPRISE. However, hearing some of the samples on YouTube, I was afraid it wasn't going to live up to the debut album. And in my opinion, it doesn't. But it's worth purchasing simply for the strength of the last three songs. And some others may enjoy a few of the tracks that I didn't. Overall, I would say get it.
The title track itself is pretty formulaic to be honest. I've heard it before, and will again. This may be heavy metal-blasphemy, but AILD were at their best when their music was more melodic. They knew how to make something powerful and beautiful. So I'd say An Ocean Between Us was their best effort. I'm personally really tired of this "harder, darker, faster" trend in metalcore. Aside from that, I'm surprised by the Chris Lord-Alge remix. First of all, it's a remix in the production sense, and not just a dance track. And the remix is, from a wannabe audiophile's point of view, quite excellent. Unlike every other modern song on the planet it isn't clipped and compressed to hell and back. In other words, the volume isn't cranked into some distorted digital pancake. Now, Cauterize is quieter too, but it lacks the dynamics of the Lord-Alge remix. On top of having room to breathe, the remix is also extremely well balanced in when it comes to treble, mid, and bass. It's clear, crisp, and the instruments are well defined without slipping off into sibilant harshness. To some it may be wrong for a metal song to be so produced, but it gives the song a touch of mournful beauty. Like nighttime instead of smoke. The atmosphere is different in the two versions, and some of the reverb, vocal processing, and some parts at the beginning and end of the song are taken out. But it makes sense when you hear it.
Nowadays people have the absurd mentality that bands MUST sound radically or noticeably different in every release to consider a new album good. Maybe fans have been spoiled by As I Lay Dying's consistent improvement album after album? Great bands don't always have to change for the sake of change."Cauterize" is no exception. The song will surprise you at first with it's aggressive opening but will bring you back to the familiar territory and structure you expect from these guys. The verse riffs and chorus are insanely catchy and have that happy Shadows Are Security vibe to them. The breakdown is mediocre at best but is thankfully relieved by the guitar solo. I love that AILD have brought guitar solo's back to Metalcore when most bands choose breakdowns as a cop-out in my opinion. Leave that crap for Hardcore bands. ;)"I Never Wanted (Chris Lord-Alge Remix)" is the first time I've heard a remixed song in a LITERAL sense. Not techno, dub-step-injected nonsense. It seems this Lord Chris gave this song more of a radio feel by tuning up the rhythm guitars to have less of a piercing crunch that Ocean Between Us had all throughout and went for an easy-on-the-ear approach. It's an improvement for sure but the last 40 seconds of the song is completely gone. I very much loved the smooth outro of "I've seen the world change..." accompanied by a sweet heavenly guitar riff in the original.Summary: Definitely get this if you can't wait for the full album.Con: My biggest issue with these two songs is the overall volume is pretty low. After buying them (because you definitely should), switch back and forth between this Single pack and any other music you have and you'll see what I mean. I'm an amateur sound engineer so this kind of stuff bothers me. Fair warning.
I purchased this ep after becoming a huge fan of their album King Of Conflict.  These guys seem to have one goal - make hard rock for the ages.  If you're into fads don't bother with these guys - they are the real deal - for purists.  I can't tell you how happy I've been since I've found these guys.  I was a pro musician with a record deal and have always had an ear; these guys have unlimited potential.  Buy this and help support a band that is probably living off their touring per diem - cigarettes and beers are expensive!
Fozzy is a love/hate relationship. Love the band, hate Chris Jericho's voice. M Shadows drowns him out for the most part.
Okay, I liked this band upon first listen, but I didn't like them THAT much.. that is, until I got to track number 5 of this album, "Solid Ground." First of all, the chorus busts out as if it was meant to be the first song on the track.. secondly, I don't even know, because I haven't listen to any of the album besides that song!! But, if this song is proof of how amazing the band truly is, then the next time I listen to the whole album should prove to be a more eventful experience!!
The Heretic is a good thrash band with Megadeth-ish riffs. Favorite tracks are "Betrayed", "Raise Your Fist" and "For Your Faith" which is a really catchy track.  I dig it.
This is a solid release from a good band. AOR that runs to the hard rock side occasionally. I would recommend this.
A sound track can paint a thousand words. Listen as you paint the picture. Listen, investigate where it takes you. Enjoy the process & process the joy. With Tessera you can create a whole new world, or just listen, feel it in your body, let it soften, let it flow, where does it want to take you? Where does it want to go? Listen, more.
San Francisco based doom metal band Orchid served up a new three-song offering late last year with the Heretic EP. I guess this is supposed to tide everyone over until their second full-length comes out (hopefully this year).Of all the new wave of bands to emerge recently with an old school heavy rock/doom metal sound, Orchid seems to be the band that sounds the most like Black Sabbath. They have that heavy, grooving and spookyMaster of Realityera sound down pat here, whether it's in the chugging riffs of the title track, the spacey tranquility of "Falling Away" or the "War Pigs" worship of the 7-minute "Saviors of the Blind."Orchid isn't exactly breaking any new ground with their retro sound, but they sure are fun to listen to. As pure Black Sabbath worship goes, it doesn't get much better than this, and Heretic is a good, inexpensive way to check the band out.
Couple quick things...First off, this CD is all over the map. As far as metal goes... This band or... bands, tries to be many things at the same time. With some reputable players from all across the metal universe I guess I got what I wanted. Sorta.Second, you will not like every song on this album. But that's ok, they give you 13.Now to get on with it... The highlights: Speed Strid from Soilwork and DM is here and DAMN! does he sound good. No really, this is the best singing I have heard Speed do. GRANTED... I like the older soilwork more then the new... but, meh. Good to hear him still rocking.Chris Clancy from Mutiny Within is also highly featured across this album. As a monster fan of his vocal prowess I don't need to really say much more. The guys got some ****ing pipes.The third guy... is... not really what I would have pictured alongside the other two. Its not that he cant sing. He just shouldn't be trying to sing... Metal. He literally changes the type of genre whenever he sings. Speed/Chris? Prog/Death. Third guy? Pop Rock... Don't believe me? Listen to them one after the other. Its REALLY awkward.Now I have said my little piece, let me continue. I really enjoy what they band does with their guest singers. Chris and Speed knock every song out of the park! The guitars are great, drums are sick on a couple songs, and of course the singers let loose.PLUS! A pretty solid cover song.All in all, listen to the album. If you like prog/death metal or "metalcore" as some noobs call this, then check them out. I'm quite excited to see where this unusual cast of characters goes next. New singers? New styles? Who knows. All I can say is, its a pretty solid start. With the absence of three songs, I would have given this album 5 stars. But... I couldn't in good faith. An album really has to nail it for 5 stars.- Pixxle
I typically enjoy classic/true metal and power metal. But I like some metalcore, death metal, black metal, hard rock, hair bands, industrial..(I bought the Digital version.. don't think there is a physical one)I was shown a song of theirs on youtube when my friend was searching for melodic death metal, and they came across a number of metalcore, including this one. I was immediately taken by the guitar work and the great melodies in it. I don't recall which song it was, but I looked these guys up and its pretty solid. I enjoy the vocals from the Soilwork and Threat Signal singers (there is another guy but I can't recall where he is from). Not bad at all.Sounds great, solid production, clear vocals and lead guitars, pretty heavy. It sounds 'modern,' but the technical aspects sound like true metal to me.I am not really sure lyrically what is going on, I'd need a book and/or to listen closer, but it sounds fine to me.Typically metalcore is rather... formulaic and has simple or unremarkable guitar solos. This album features very melodic songs, Soilwork is a pretty good similar band.I think if you like bands like Killswitch Engage, All That Remains, Soilwork, or Tremonti, then you will probably enjoy these guys.
It seems lately that I have a penchant for the sludge, doom, stoner side of the metal world. With bands like High on Fire, Orange Goblin, Dawnbringer, The Sword filling my MP3 player I am starting to see a pattern of down-tuned aural goodness developing. Bison BC has just been added to that list above thanks to their spectacular new release Lovelessness! This album has a ridiculous amount of momentum to it that allows the listener to become one with the music and almost drown in all of the sludgy goodness that emanates from the speakers. Bison BC have joined forces with mega-producer Sanford Parker and from the virtual tar pits have brought forth a monolith. Hyperbole aside this album does everything right and should put Bison BC on the map right next to the bands mentioned earlier including the (my opinion) overrated Mastodon. The intricate and delicate co-vocals allows for a different take on what happen to be some of the most heartfelt songs you will hear from a band that is this manly in both looks and sound. The musical collaboration allows for the music to penetrate deep into your soul and grab on and refuse to let go. After several listens to this album it becomes clear that the layers are strong and the use of the bass as a focal point just adds to that chugging locomotive of sound that they have created. If you love your metal from the depths of the basement then you will be appropriately impressed with what Bison BC have been able to accomplish with Lovelessness.
Definitely worth 3.99!!  Watch out for great album deals for under 5.00.  I have replaced a lot of classics this way.
2012&#8217;s The Great Bear is the third full-length release from Silencer, a Denver-based metal band that has been active since the late 1990s. Silencer is a tough band to classify. Thrash metal seems the easiest label, and thrash is definitely at the heart of their sound, but they&#8217;re a very creative band and with this album they have a more avant-garde, almost progressive approach that makes for a very compelling listening experience.The Great Bear is a concept album focused on the space race between the USA and the Soviets in the &#8216;50s and &#8216;60s, which seems like unusual subject matter for a metal album. Still, Silencer makes it work, weaving the story across this surprisingly short album (the eleven tracks span just 30 minutes). Honestly, the whole thing feels like one monster 30-minute song, and it&#8217;s to Silencer&#8217;s credit that it stays completely fascinating throughout, even during the handful of instrumental interludes. The way the thrashing riffs give way to almost doomlike heaviness and then slow down for tranquil moments is handled very well, and when the gruff (but not growled) vocals factor in it&#8217;s like some otherworldly Testament/King Crimson hybrid.This is a very surprising, very impressive release, and one that should hold some appeal to a good cross section of metal fans. Obviously there&#8217;s a lot for thrash metal fans to enjoy, but The Great Bear should also grab fans of the more melodic power/thrash bands like Vicious Rumors and Heathen as well as more progressive minded bands like Believer and Alchemist. In a genre that&#8217;s not often known for its creativity and innovation, it&#8217;s great to see a band like Silencer that is not content to play by the usual rules, and is willing to stretch the boundaries and create something unique.
Three very good tracks.&#34;Part I&#34; is slow, subdued, and clean- very little happens dynamically. No distorted guitars, no drums, no vocals. Just an electric piano, guitar, some reverb for about 14 minutes. This is the weakest point in the album and a bit self indulgent on the artist's part. The effect they desired could have been achieved about 4 minutes in. However, this track is lovely to listen to and I understand why it's carried out for so long.&#34;Part II&#34; is where the meat starts. A quick rushfade from the previous track into a thick, heavy, raw, and brutal full band fanfare. This is why Dragged Into Sunlight is noteworthy. Gated/verbed/compressed spoken tracks from 60's PSA's or newsreels are used with good effect and sparingly, thankfully (cause this isn't the 90's- I'm not a fan of these sounds, obviously). Seeing this song live would be a delight! Expect to listen to about 12 minutes of this.&#34;Part II&#34; is a combination of the prior two tracks as far as atmosphere goes. Tempo is down, riffs are slower, drums and vocals are sparse. This song is the climax in my opinion mainly because it combines to the two sonic themes into one glorious track. Most musicians know there are a couple ways to approach the combination, DIS seems to combine all approaches (that I could think of anyway) and turn them into one awesome song. This is my favorite track on the album.In conclusion, with the exception of the overly indulgent intro, this is a damn good album overall. I recommend this.
If the music you make is already hellish and nightmarish enough to scare the majority of even die hard metal fans, how could you be more extreme with a second full length?  The simple answer is, you don't.  Instead, Dragged Into Sunlight take a cue from their other influences, Doom bands like dISEMBOWLMENT, Inverloch, and Evoken, and inject their own life into a slowly paced, brooding, mini epic.  Comprised of three parts, what I call the build up, the payoff, and the resolution, Widowmaker is a slow burn.  The fast, vicious nature of Hatred for Mankind is still present in parts, but balanced really well with expansive meandering and almost plaintive sounding guitars that dominate a mournful, morose territory.  This is a very good release, but prepare to wait for it to grow on you. After awhile you wont be able to turn it off, or take it out!
I really liked the idea behind the album.  I found a good mix of beautiful and dark in the songs. Apparition Dancer was a very beautiful song as was Cold.It's a great album for a new artist, I would recommend it if you like this type of music. I give it a 4 out of 5.
Old school death/thrash/grind with some catchy grooves interwoven. Heavy and fast best describes this bands sonic assualt.  This is nothing that hasn't been done before, but if you like metal you owe it to yourself to check this out.
That is fine to download and burn, but would like to find cd with band album art and all that.
How can you turn down free metal music? This is a good sampler of different types of metal. They aren't all winners, but it's worth downloading for the ones that are.
awesome grind mix, if you want it rough, nothing better than a nuclear blast. How can you beat this for free!
This album has a good selection of metal bands for you to get exposure to. It's hard to complain about a free album but some of the tracks featured more growling than I prefer. Give it a shot and hopefully find something new to listen to. I will definitely be taking a closer look at some of these bands.
Metal badness at its best. Definitely worth checking out. You'll only be disappointed if you don't download this album. Many good songs on here.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I am not a fan of every band on the album. It is still a pretty comprehensive list of artists. This should please most people.
When I hear words like "Southern Groove Metal" Germany doesn't come to mind. Pantera set the bar in the 90's with music that will never be equaled. Down has continued the legacy putting out some great tracks. When I think of this music I want some dirty guitar riffs with vocals that push the violence. I don't want some screamo dude like those you find in Hot Topic band. I want Anselmo awesomeness.If you're looking for those things to, let me introduce you to Dirt. With guitars similar to Dimebag Darrell, vocals that pack a punch while remaining on tune when sung clean, a groove bass line, and Vinnie Paul style drums, this is one band to check out. Including riff punching songs like Seven Days, Dirty, Face Down to a the Rock n'Roll Accident ballad, this cd is very good.This cd is a solid four stars. I can't give this cd five stars because I wasn't in awe. While there are many memorable songs, some do fall short. However, the great thing about Dirt is that we do not receive a cd with one good songs surrounded by fillers. Nor do we receive a cd full of sell out radio songs in order to get a buck. Rock n'Roll Accident is a solid cd worth buying.
Debut release from heavy Texas trio who deliver a rocket ship blast of 70s influenced hard guitarrock driven by a classic chord crunch and some outstandingly fierce riffs.  Recalls bands likeCactus, Lord Fowl, ZZ Top, Iron Maiden, Black Cowgirl, AC/DC, The Sword, Wo Fat, Montrose,Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath.
if your looking for your rage against the machine fix here it is,very strong!!!!
Do I enjoy this as much as World Downfall?  Of course not.  Is it better than Darker Days Ahead?  Definitely.  I like this very much and it feels more like an updated version of the World Downfall sound than Darker Days did.  Definitely happy with this album.  Not every release can be a masterpiece.
This is yet another classic Omnium Gatherum album.  Whether or not it's better than New World Shadows is a tough call.  Tracks New Direction, In The Rim, Formidable, The Sonic Sign, Who Could Say, and Living in Me are all excellent.  The Unknowing is far and away my favorite OG song ever recorded.  It is a work of beauty.  Where Beyond is disappointing is the two longer tracks Nightwalkers and White Palace.  These songs, while by no means bad songs, kind of just trudge along.  You find yourself waiting to be blown away at some point during the 8 or 10 minutes of these tracks only to be left wondering whether this was the best OG could've done, especially when the longer tracks on New World Shadows were so good.  All in all, this album needs a good number of listens to really hear how good it is, not unlike OG's older albums.  It is another win for melodic death metal and one of the best of 2013 for sure.
Omnivore is a Providence, RI-based artist working in the medium of song and sound using vintage telecommunications equipment, loop pedals, and, most effectively, her stark, chilling voice that is as disconcerting as it is soothing. Having had the pleasure of seeing her more recent performances of the songs on this album, I can say with some authority that she is growing as both performer and songwriter. Definitely worth the cost of download, and don't hesitate to check out the label Feeding Tube Records for other great releases. Omnivore will definitely be an artist to keep an eye on in 2013.
Never heard of this band before but their pretty cool like the music its different from other Black Metal Bands that I've listened to and the vocals are strange to.Recommend if you want something new
this was almost completely a shot in the dark.i was pleasantly suprised its part of that new genre atmospheric black metal.seems like sonic horror soundtrack ,not funny at all instead claustraphobbic,disturbing depressing and cold.quite enjoyable in its own way.if you're into this genre.long droning tracks well worth the price.cover good description of music.if you read this far you'd like it...
It was a good split album...both bands are awesome! Worth the money and the civer art is dark and morbid.
At the first look of this album, you might think Southern Drinkstruction are a southern punk or metal band from Virginia with a dumb name. Upon further review, they are side project of Corpse____ing Art from Italy. They have a soft spot for rebel flags and play Death & Roll (a rocking, less violent version of death metal).In short -Performance: Drunk 'Til Death is a thick, heavy slab of slow to mid-paced music consisting of guttural vokills and chunky, rich riffs.Production: Crystal clear. All instruments and vocals can be heard well and evenly.Song-writing\lyrical content: It's evident this is a European band by reading some of the song titles and lyrics.  Nothing really ridiculous, but funny how they try to get some messages across and some of the titles are senseless.Package\Booklet: Quality. Nice overall package. Standard jewel case with lyrics and pics of the band (wearing Megadeth and Crowbar shirts HaHa)Length: Well over 50 minutes, a true full length.For fans of: Six feet Under,  Helltrain, Crack Up, and... Berserkr (Oklahoma)- Jay in Texassoundofwhitenoise.com
This is one of the bands in Dark Descent records and got to say that is amazing record, the atmosphere and how all the instruments work well together and the vocals are amazing
Agathocles' discography is massive, unwieldy, and sometimes overwhelming. If you're new to Agathocles, this is a fine place to start, though I personally prefer the punkier vibe of their 2006 full-length &#34;Mincer,&#34; and it's hard to top their classic albums like &#34;Thanks For Your Hostility&#34; and &#34;Razor Sharp Daggers.&#34;Still, this is an above-average Agathocles release. The production is rough and gritty enough to provide an appropriate setting for Agathocles' brand of grind, but it's much clearer and more dynamic than many previous Agathocles releases, which I think really helps the band. It's far, far from polished, but, by Agathocles' standards, it's top-notch.All-in-all, a solid, entertaining album. These guys mean it, and it shows.
Good album just love the whole atmospheric sound in the production and the drums are just epic its like the whole album is a forest speaking to you its like you are one with the album its that great.Recommend to any who like Xasthur, Nortt, Leviathan,
This band was another tech death band I found on MA and I love their playing style. No, not ground breaking or revolutionary but well done indeed and they ease up on the &#34;sweep picking&#34; -more riffing going. Production is clear: drums are perfect, the bass is actually audible (!) and the guitars, while not being the heaviest I've heard, have a pretty meaty tone and the soloing great!These guys are a great newer tech death band, they have a long way to go and I hope they stick around and release more but time will tell.  I recommend this album!
Good album, lots of material. Somewhat underproduced. The music could be better organized and cleaner. The screaming vocals not need to be there- the great vocalist on some of the songs should of record entire album, then it would be 5 stars. But it is still enjoyable.
I remember Great White from the 80's.  There is a different singer now, but the music still sounds pretty good.
What can I say- I'm not a Great White fan in general, but I grew up knowing their hits and hearing the albums through friends and family who liked them. Well, I seem to be listing to way heavier stuff these days compared to what I grew up on because there is a lot of double-bass drumming (great drumming in general ) that I am loving!Well, sometimes you got to take a break and relax a little. This is where and when I discovered this album for only $2.19!! It is a straight forward blues/rock (whatever) album and it does a good job at rockin me, and my ears. I can't believe there's no more rock (at least where I live) on the radio and you can forget to find anything heavier! Support hard rock and heavy metal and buy this and every album you can!!!
The newest single from America's contribution to the ranks of the European greats, A Hill To Die Upon has surprised me with their most interesting song to date. It still definitely has the elements of all great blackened death metal tracks, but these guys have put their own unique spin on the genre with this song. Granted, it's not my favorite song they've put out, but it's still a solid, meaty track that any fans of the genre should like and appreciate.
Windhand is awesome! Slow, heavy, echo buried vocals with actual melodies! Was unfamiliar with Cough but will have to check them out after listening to this monster head-nodder!
Acidic, classic psychedelic hard rock/stoner metal brought to a new age straight out of the late 60's early 70's.I heard about these guys from Youtube, as in I heard their single Posion Apple and promptly bought their full Album mind control. Then track Poison Apple I thought (at least the youtube version did) ends with this creepy quote from Charles Manson. When the album version didn't have it, I got the EP here. This version of Poison Apple doesn't have it either. Mostly posting this for any other horror buffs like me. The music's still great though.
Unusual metal band Old Funeral was a Black/Death Metal Band from Norway featuring artist like Varg Vikernes from Burzum and Abbath from Immotral the music basic Black Metal its low-fi and has harsh vocals like every other Black Metal Act it's fast and is very distorted to in the production don't understand how its consider death Metal but what ever.Decent album
An okay band in my opinion, and they deserve points for having intelligent culturally meaningful lyrics, there were only a few songs on the album though.Anyone over 35 might get bored quickly with this album though.It isn't not too 'emo' or pop, it is metal, but more of a new generation thing.The name of the band should make all of this immediately known to anyone who pays attention to the world.As the popular metaphor, zombies have replaced robots as the symbol for the indentured slave.Rhythmically it is great for long stretches, no melody at all, and the way the songs begin and end is awkward.It's a little rough around the edges when the rhythm just drops out awkwardly.Decent but I wouldn't buy it again.
Tracklisting for this 2013 bootleg are as follows:1 War Funeral March --- 5:162 From the Celtic Moonfrost --- 3:323 Walachian Tyrant --- 4:304 Returning to My Old Battlegrounds --- 3:205 Frozen Dead&#8217;s Kingdom --- 4:046 Frozen Dead&#8217;s Kingdom, 1993 --- 4:117 Under the Carpathian Yoke --- 4:438 In Holocaust to the Natural Darkness --- 3:249 Massacre Song from the Devastated Lands --- 4:37Tracks 1-5 are the &#8220;War Funeral March&#8221; demo (from 1994; the band&#8217;s fourth recording)Tracks 6-9 are the &#8220;Rehearsal Winter &#8216;93&#8221; (the band&#8217;s first recording)There are only 8 different songs represented here (9 total) clocking in at 38 minutes.  For a bootleg, it&#8217;s surprisingly short.  Regardless, you&#8217;re getting some of the best of Vlad Tepes&#8217; material here.  If you already own one of the other bootlegs, you shouldn&#8217;t need to invest in this one &#8211; unless you&#8217;re a collector.  Unlike the An Ode to My Ruin and March to the Black Holocaust bootlegs, this one does not come housed in a slipcase and doesn&#8217;t feature any blurb about the band or the Les Legions Noires to which it belonged.(Please refer to my review on those releases for much more information on the specific differences between the bootlegs; the story behind repeated songs and multiple versions; general Les Legions Noires; and the general Vlad Tepes sound.)Production isn&#8217;t great on this bootleg.  The War Funeral March section is on par with the other bootlegs, but the rehearsal half is the worst the band ever had.  But then again, how surprising is this, really?  It&#8217;s just a rehearsal.  Again, my three favorite Vlad Tepes songs are featured here (tracks 7-9).  But on the subject &#8211; I&#8217;ve always felt (and it shows here big time) that rough rehearsals and demos are the easiest to listen to when there aren&#8217;t constant blastbeats filling the listening experience.  Vlad Tepes plays some of the grooviest, yet raw black metal you can ask for and still have it BE raw, unpolished black metal.  The band is simply fun to listen to.  You just have to get past that production.  If you can handle material like the early Moonblood rehearsals, Behemoth&#8217;s first demo, and early Archgoat/Beherit, this should be no trouble for you.
I don't really mind this album for some reason but the whole fogy production though is kind of bland I mean it's decent but nothing to be proud of.all n all good album
This song sounds great. It's fun to listen to. It's very much like other Thin Lizzy songs. But it doesn't have the great guitar solos like the classic Thin Lizzy songs. If this were a Thin Lizzy song it would fit right in, but it wouldn't be one of their best.
Originally written as a Thin Lizzy song, it's not surprising that stylistic similarities abound. However, whilst "Bound for Glory" is very reminiscent of that unmistakeable, classic Lizzy sound, it doesn't feel forced or contrived. It actually feels like it has come together naturally; it feels fresh and surprisingly inspired. It's nothing mind-blowing, but it's very respectable. It's genuinely fun to listen to, the lyrics are quite decent, and the song emanates that free, boundless attitude that was always so prominent in Thin Lizzy's songs. To me, it feels like the spirit is still here, in spite of the change in personnel (and the change of name).
The good:"Classic" Thin Lizzy sound/lyrics, catchy as hell, rocking, what's not to like ?Well......Where's Brian ? Wish we'd had Brian Downey on it, a very underrated part of the overall Lizzy sound and feel.Sounds brickwalled. Maybe it's just the crappy Amazon player, but hopefully the album won't sound this way. If it does, won't be buying, there's just too many albums being released that are an assault on the ears.
Scarred, from Luxembourg, has released a fantastic recording titled Gaia - Medea. I could easily call this music "extreme progressive metal" due to the screamed and growled vocals, the blast beats, the staccato-guitar lines, frequent meter shifts and double-bass syncopation. Another simple classification would be that they are influenced by Opeth.These descriptions would diminish how complete and invigorating this music is. The current ability of metal musicians to enjoy so many varied genres of metal can create a conundrum for such musicians: "should we write death metal, or thrash, or progressive metal, or Top 40 radio-friendly metal?" The outcome of this exposure can cause songs to be so different from one another; a buffet of sorts. Scarred has written songs that have many influences but the compositions are so well-crafted that one can enjoy this and not be bothered with "what kind of metal do they play?" These songs sound carefully written, neither poorly-constructed nor confusing.Opening track "Gaia" is a great statement towards the forthcoming 9 tracks - you are going to get quite a lot to digest. If you enjoy repeated listens that yield new discoveries, then this is your group. Track 2, "Cinder," shows Scarred's ability to combine fast thrash and slow groove and change easily between the two. Track 3, "The Great Pan(dem)ic," is one of the many highlights of the CD. The melodic opening and guitar solo breaks into a thrashy verse and carries us into the multiple earworms of the pre-chorus and chorus. Track 4, "Psychogenesis," defines progressive death metal with all the speed, syncopation and brutality required.Guitars are handled with spirit and mastery by Diogo Bastos and Bertrand Pinna. During the guitar solo in "Mosiac" you are hearing fantastic playing; creative leads composed of single line "classical" melodies, then some tasteful shredding, and then some dynamic guitar harmonies that guitar legends would find impressive.Track 7 "Idiosyncrasy" is a "straightforward" metal song reminiscent of Opeth's death metal approach. I note how the ending of the song is special, featuring delayed, clean-tone, major-key arpeggios that transition into track 8 "The Knot." This transition speaks volumes for the maturity of the songwriting as it doesn't sound forced and feels natural to both the songs.The production is crisp, the guitar tones are crunchy and warm, and the drums of Laurent Kessel are very well balanced with special attention paid to the cymbals - not too loud but pronounced enough to hear his agility. The vocals from Sacha Breuer are delivered in many styles, frequently layered in combinations that add to the quality of this recording. One critique is that Jeff Jonas' bass performance can be identified but could be brought up in the mix in my opinion.Scarred have an excellent collection of tracks on Gaia - Medea and will have quite a tough time surpassing the writing and recording from it.
I admit when I bought this album I was expecting it to be like Loomis' two solo albums.  The first song delivers and is just what you would expect. The other three songs deviate and have a kind of &#34;screaming&#34; metal singer.  The music is top notch, I just didn't enjoy the vocals.
Don't buy into the partisan hype.  Yes, there are two QR's now and surely much of this breakup has little to do with anything more than money.  No, Geoff doesn't possess the pipes he once did, but he's still a good singer.Nobody keeps the voice they had when they were 20 for forever.  Coverdale, Dio, Plant, Perry, etc. you just can't do it as you once did.  Anyone expecting Tate to belt out a studio-quality version of Mindcrime is nuts.He can still hold a tune and if this song indicates, can very much produce some QR'ish sounding music!Buy this and then pick up Redemption from the La Torre version of QR!
A lot more melodic than their debut EP (haven't heard the debut album yet), yet it keeps the energy and expands on the message. Love this album!
this is a solid , if somewhat unremarkable, album led by Karl of Earth Crisis. if you like Earth Crisis, Freya, Madball , Biohazard, etc. , you will dig this album. most songs are straightforward hardcore and others are more metallic/punk infused (  think late Cro-Mags era). guest backing vocals by Freddy Cricien , Lou from Sick Of It All and a guitar solo by Bobby of Biohazard. a cool sound clip from the movie The Warriors is effectively employed on one song. nothing done here is ground-breaking or original and I think the production could have been better. all in all, an enjoyable listen but hardly an essential purchase . If you want a punishing new hardcore album, pick up Terror's live by the Code. Otherwise, this will satiate your thirst for pummeling hardcore until the new Earth Crisis album drops.
This is a solid first effort from these guys.  The album has the Iron Maiden sound except heavier.  The singer's vocals remind me of a gruffier Bruce Dickinson.  There is no weak songs on this album.  I'm looking forward to hear more from these guys as I'm  a sucker for the classic heavy metal sound.
Love this band and they totally blew me away with this album. Little back story: After their second album, these guys tried to go on tour. They had a kickstarter going but it feel through errybody was devastated. It was a God thing though because a little over a year later, after having to go back to the drawing board and they came out with this awesomeness. Delicious.
I haven't heard their debut album, but supposedly this one is better, and believe me, this one is amazing! Great stuff here!
I haven't been impressed by the previous album but I have to admit that this latest release "8" is way better.Better grooves, well build tunes and fine/relaxing ambient parts.In a nutschell,  UNEVEN STRUCTURE became more mature,Definitely the most impressive and interesting band of the current french DJENT/Prog/Metal  scene
This EP is awesome. Not just because they are virtually kids, but just because. Incredible songwriting. Both lyrically and musically. My favorite track is Miss Fortune. Worth every penny................
Musically sounds like Rollins era Flag, with Chavo on vocals. Not bad. They are STILL AMAZEING live! I can't wait for the full album.
If there is a soundtrack for the Apocalypse, this is it.  Broken Flesh's album Warbound is a scathing assault, both lyrically and musically.  One can see the rider on the white horse judging the nations and striking down the wicked as the drums roll along underneath and the guttural bellows rent the air.  Warbound is an improvement over Broken Flesh's past efforts and makes for a sizable sonic steak that you can sink your teeth into.  But beware--this is brutal death metal, no holds barred.Warbound beings with "Acrid Stench," a straight-forward death metal track complete with a bass drop and tempo changes.  The album is chock full of churning, driving guitar riffs and deep, guttural vocals.  A lot of the band members contribute to the screaming at some point, but lead vocalist Jacob Mathes projects his voice like a raging banshee.  There's a lot of similarity to Impending Doom's Brook Reeves on their Nailed. Dead. Risen. album. The percussion is outstanding, and no wonder:  Brandon Lopez, formerly of Becoming the Archetype fame, mans the kit.  As the album progresses, some highlights include the Living Sacrifice-esque guitar solo on "Scorned" and the groove-laden ending riff and higher-pitched vocals on the title track "Warbound."  For those of you looking for breakdowns, you'll want to check out the song "15:55."  One of the most enjoyable elements of the record was the bass guitar.  Oftentimes the bass gets buried and I feel that this instrument is underutilized, but Joshua Mathes bucks this trend.  There is a great, almost strident tuning to the bass, which is fitting for this type of music, and on more than one occasion Mathes cranks out a few fills, like in the ending song "Kill Me Now."I do have a minor bone to pick with the band, however.  Plainly put, the album is just too short.  There are 8 songs on Warbound and only one of these is over four minutes.  That puts the total playing time at just over 25 minutes.  Of course, every band has artistic license and can make songs any length that they want--but the album barely seems to begin before it ends.  In the future, I'd like to see a few longer songs, or at least an 11-12 track album.Like Broken Flesh, I tried to pursue brevity while writing this review.  The final verdict:  Warbound is one of the best death metal discs that I've heard in a while.  If you like your music heavy and unapologetic, then Broken Flesh is the band for you.  I'd imagine that the closest feeling that Broken Flesh evokes is equivalent to throttling a demon while besieging the gates of Hell.  Don't believe me?  Go listen, and when your ears are bleeding and your mind is rattled, then you'll know what I mean.Review courtesy of Matthew's Metal (matthewsmetal.blogspot.com)
2013&#8217;s Something Fierce is the debut full-length release from Canadian metal band Sanktuary, one of a whole wave of bands from the North who are bringing back the old school traditional heavy metal sound. They have a couple of EPs under their belt, so they&#8217;re not exactly newbies though.Sanktuary&#8217;s sound draws heavily from the classic power/speed metal era; think bands like Exciter and Helstar as well as the staples like Priest and even early Slayer. This album has a very high shred factor, both in the speedy riffing as well as the blazing solos. There&#8217;s still a good melodic side, and the high(ish) vocals also have an old school vibe. &#8220;Screeching for Vengeance&#8221; is one of the better songs on Something Fierce, and the title is actually quite descriptive of the band&#8217;s sound. &#8220;Heat Lighting&#8221; and &#8220;Fire in the Sky&#8221; are also highlights.This is just a totally solid, totally enjoyable old school heavy metal album. Sanktuary isn&#8217;t reinventing the wheel here, but that&#8217;s kind of the point. Whether you were around for the glory days of power/speed metal, or are just coming around with bands like Skull Fist, Axxion, Night Demon and the like, chances are you&#8217;ll like what you hear on Something Fierce.Disclosure: I was given an MP3 copy of this album by the label for review.
Good production, good solid metal. This band is from NEPA and plays the club circuit and out of the area. Check them out.!!!!
Not their best album, but interesting nonetheless. Darker and more psychedelic than their previous works, but not nearly as catchy.
Devil's Blood was one of my favorite Dutch bands, and it was with great regret that I saw them fold.  My biggest regret with this disk is that it is their last.
I enjoy albums that have a message attached with their music and one that is direct and not ambiguous.The riffs, drums and breakdowns could have been a little more creative though.One of the better releases from Solid State Records in 2013.
I decided to pick the album up after hearing one of the songs online. I really like the whole feel, I read it was described as a mix of Rob Zombie and Type O Negative. I would have to agree!
sound like Rob Zombie with more instrumentals, if you like Rob Zombie, you'll like this, good stuff, buy it !!
Good album from Ildjarn love this dude's vocals on this one its less harsh do to the production of the album which is good I guess cause I hate loud vocals. Great guitars and drumming the whole album is awesome.Only problem is the song structure is for some reason I don't like how long the songs are.All n AllGood album Recommend if you like classical 90's Black Metal
Great album its harsh and hardcore down to the bone great vocals and love the guitars and drums their so harsh its not funny but still great.all n all a great albumRecommend if you like classic black metal
Digging this more than their previous album. A lot darker and heavier for sure which is a nice change sound wise from their first record. Definitely worth picking up
This album is this band's last album not counting the one in 2013 with Hate Forest but this album contains all the demo's and the out take's of them demo's so every out take on the album is just rerecorded demo's that's why none of the songs sound the same cause their just rerecorded from the early out takes of the songs which apparently is on this album to but what ev their just all demo's.Good Last AlbumRecommend to any fan
This is pretty good its got good vocals, great guitar sounds, and the drumming is awesome the only problem I got is the production is not good I don't no why but still does not got great production on this album its fuzzy or something like that but o well.all n all a good albumRecommend I you like Classical Black Metal or Extreme Metal at that.
It's been a while since we've gotten any new Equilibrium, so this 5 song EP will have to hold off the rabid fans until next year's promised full-length disc arrives.  The one 'new' track, "Waldschrein" is exactly what you would expect from the band musically.  Fast and upbeat, epic-sounding folk metal with the only surprise being the first use of clean vocals that I can remember the band using.  They don't sound bad and do not detract from the band's sound, so they'll only help on the upcoming full-length as long as they aren't overused.  The second track, "Der Sturm" is a re-recording of the track from Turis Fratyr, which definitely 'sounds' better production-wise but I can't help but like the original a bit more (maybe it's nostalgia).  Track number 3 is the previously unreleased "Zwergenhammer".  It's nothing extraordinary but a solid Equilibrium track.  I'm glad it was released for public consumption.  The last two tracks are instrumental in nature, with the first being the cover of the Skyrim title theme titled "Himmelsrand".  I played this on repeat when Skyrim (and this cover) was released and it's nice not to have to search for it on YouTube when I want to hear it.  The final track is an acoustic rendition of the title-track, which fits well along side the acoustic tracks on the bonus disc from Rekreatur.  All in all, it is more of an appetizer to hold off until next year, but if you're a fan of Equilibrium it's easily worth the cash, particularly for the title-track and Skyrim cover.
I am relatively new to metal and all it's nuances and history, having only started to pay attention to this genre within the last 2 or 3 years.  I'm still trying to figure out what I like and what I don't like.  I only discovered Amorphis around December 2011 while "boning up" on the bands that were going to be on the 2012 70000 Tons of Metal Cruise, and I can tell you from the first track I heard that this was a band I definitely liked.This band is one of the reasons I can never quit Spotify for very long: I will inevitably decide it is time to listen to Amorphis and then remember "oh right, I don't actually own any of their stuff," because with their extensive back catalog of quality albums, I couldn't justify buying them all in one shot, nor could I decide which one to start with, so I just listened on Spotify (likewise: Tristania and In Extremo, two more bands I picked up on the cruise).I did notice this album seemed to be light on tracks where the harsher vocals were more prominent, which is a shame.  The earlier works from this band, along with those of the folk metal band Eluveitie,  helped me to start developing an appreciation for melodic growly vocal lines, where before all my ear could hear was a guy who needed a cough drop. So, it was a slight disappointment to not have those songs represented on the album.That said, this album is still one of those where every next track makes me say "no wait, *this* is my favorite!" and crank the volume until the speakers in my car are crackling and I have to tap it down a bit because it no longer sounds good.  I am tickled to have spent only $4.99 to pick up a collection of 15 awesome Amorphis tunes.  (tickled, there goes what little metal cred I had...)For reference, other Amorphis compilations include:Story: 10th Anniversary (released 2000)Chapters(released 2003)Forging The Land Of Thousand Lakes(originally a cd/dvd, released July 2010)andMagic And Mayhem - Tales From The Early Years(rerecording of earlier works, released Sept 2010)
The new EP from Grave is a great package for all fans. It contains two totally new Grave numbers, both of which are longer and contain some slightly more intricate and involved songwriting compared to the band's last few albums (for instance, &#34;Morbid Ascent&#34; has a creepy, atmospheric doom-bridge, complete with keyboards, reminiscent of &#34;Innocence and Wrath&#34; by Celtic Frost). Having said that, the music is still the classic, heavy as hell, filthy old school death metal sound that we have come to expect from these guys. Some of the riffs are very good, but the real surprise here is the solos. I never paid much attention to Ola's solos aside from the creepy, unsettling leads he laid all over the &#34;You'll Never See&#34; album, but with this album we are hearing the band take a step for ward and put a real emphasis on solos. I'm not sure who to thank (Ola or the new guy, Mika?), and boy does it WORK. Whoever is responsible for this stuff is an absolute madman...these solos are like the molding of James Murphy's melody with Trey Azagthoth's overall skill. The growls of Ola are a bit stronger in the mix than they have been for a few years, but the overall tone of the album is reminiscent of the massive production on &#34;Endless Procession of Souls&#34;.The next three songs are new recordings as well. The first is &#34;Possessed&#34;, a Satyricon cover. I love early Satyricon music, but apparently this song comes from a different era, because there is absolutely no black metal at all in this cover. Listening to it, not only does Grave make the song &#34;their own&#34;, but they make it so that you can hardly tell it is a cover. This is a decent song, but not the cover I would have chosen (however, Grave always picks weird songs to cover). Next up is a new &#34;remix&#34; of the 7-minute epic &#34;Epos&#34; which was at the end of &#34;Endless Procession of Souls&#34;. Don't think this is some kind of Morbid Angel industrial-death metal remix crap, it is actually just a re-recording of the track with some new arrangements (added solos, added riffs, it's a bit more concise, etc.) Overall, an interesting listen but nothing mandatory. The last song we have is an old demo track called &#34;Reality of Life&#34; which was re-recorded for this album. It's a very good song and contains some very catchy and memorable riffs, and has a good dynamic of fast, Death-influenced material with heavy, mid-paced Celtic Frost-influenced material.Overall, as far as &#34;pre-album EP's go&#34;, it doesn't really get better than this. This is a fun listen which will appeal to old and new fans. The two new songs make me very interested to hear the next Grave album!!
I grew up with the guys in this band so I know all to well what they are capable of in terms of making music. Fans of Iced Earth, Overkill,Judas Priest & Sabbath will most definately love this music. Good ole classic heavy metal with soaring solos, acoustic interludes and strong solid rythmns make Beyond Fallen a kick ass metal band from the coal crackin' slums of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.
When you think of the heavy metal scene in Poland, chances are death metal titans Behemoth and Vader are the first bands that come to mind. It&#8217;s probably not the kind of scene you&#8217;d expect to find a heavy/thrash hybrid band, but that&#8217;s exactly what InDespair delivers with Time To Wake Up, their debut full-length and first release to feature lyrics sung entirely in English.The &#8220;power thrash&#8221; sound is, for the most part, a decidedly American brand of metal. It was pioneered in the &#8216;80s by bands like Vicious Rumors and Sanctuary, and bands like Seventh Calling, Witches Mark and Imagika have carried it into the new era. InDespair, however, embraces this style like it was their birthright. Time To Wake Up is a full-on metal assault from start to headbanging finish. It&#8217;s an exercise in razor sharp riffs, crushingly heavy rhythms, dark and violent lyrics, clean (but rough) vocals (with harsher screamed vocals coming in here and there for added emphsasis), and just enough melody to keep you hooked throughout.  Testament and Anthrax seem to be the touchstones, as do Iced Earth and Sanctuary, but there&#8217;s a brawling, grooving heavy undercurrent running through these songs that suggests a lot of time spent listening to Pantera. Fans of Mercenary and Solution 45 will probably get some mileage out of this one as well. InDespair just does a perfect job of capturing the best elements of thrash metal without the songs becoming just another riff-fest.InDespair seems like anything but a newcomer or outsider to the sound here. Time To Wake Up is an extremely well-written, well-executed and well-produced album, and it&#8217;s one of the best power/thrash albums that has been released in recent years (since Imagika&#8217;s Feast for the Hated at least). If you&#8217;re on the fence, a quick sample of songs like &#8220;A Ripper, a Butcher, a Demon,&#8221; &#8220;Tonight We Die Free&#8221; and the title track ought to convince you. If you like your metal thrashing, heavy, aggressive yet still melodic, this one is easy to recommend: turn it on, turn it up, bang your head. Repeat as necessary.
Heard many new bands for the first time, and have become a fan. Not everything was my cup of tea, but there was enough new and interesting music to enjoy, and coax me to dig deeper. Thank you!
It's free and has decent songs. What more could you want. You have nothing to lose. Just download it and give it a listen.
I have always loved relapses choice of bands they sign onto their label, this sampler definitely does not disappoint. It has a good mix of metal styles, something for everyone.
Holding off on the five stars until the full album comes out (interested to see where the demos go from here).  Well worth the money for fans of Within Temptation, or fans of Tarja, and DEFINITELY for those like me who love them both.
Like the other reviewer I also am holding off on 5 Stars until the whole Paradise album is released but if it is anywhere close to this good it will be exceptional as almost everything by Within Temptation in my musical library is since discovering them about a year ago.
Really like the song &#34;Paradise&#34;. Hoping it is a good prelude to the eventual new album! History tends to show that each new album keeps getting better!
There's some quality covers here, though I wish they would've done their own thing and not just covered the songs how the original artists did it. Great song choices.
I'm always looking for new music to listen to and came across this band. It's pretty epic! Has a little bit of everything and I looooove his voice!
I always liked Rudra, they have a great, ancient yet modern vedic metal sound (maybe they invented the sub-genre?!), so it always sounds fresh, even when it sounds familiar. The vocals are aggressive and scary without sounding cheesy, and the experimentations are always interesting. I&#8217;ve seen the guys play twice here in Singapore, and I love their show. I have met one of the guys a few times, and he&#8217;s a really cool dude. The band is awesome and they always deliver. Well, nearly always &#8211; in terms of production, the sound of this release is spare and thin at parts, but this is probably more for delivering a layered variety than simply delivering punishment &#8211; the release is exciting, diverse, and lots of fun. The band has been around for over 20 years, they have given so much, and they still have so much to give!This release only has six songs, but they&#8217;re pretty long &#8211; from 9 to 12 minutes (an additional track, the seventh &#8220;Untitled&#8221; number is shorter). &#8220;Death&#8221; starts the fun, with singing in Sanskrit and mellow guitar, flute, and other madness, before it zooms off into aggro-land. Cool solos! &#8220;Heartbreak&#8221; also has a cool, mellow intro, with some nice sounds, before it gets aggressive &#8211; a measured, precise grind, that incorporates some gamelan, dragging the sound down a bit; but the song warms up with a great solo and cool riffs, and ends with cool guitar riffage interplay. &#8220;Abduction&#8221; also starts off with a slow riff, but this one very quickly builds into nasty feedback and goes dark and mid-tempo. Great flute part in the middle contrasted with clean and dirty guitar! &#8220;Resolve&#8221; is a pretty standard cruncher with cool riffs, great drum fills, and howling and growling, ending with some beautiful flute sounds. &#8220;Manipulation&#8221; starts off fast and heavy, nice, then builds and builds, to a nice mellow solo with tabla and flute, then gets absolutely ferocious. The song has so many great moments, it&#8217;s just endless. The ending is full of flute and noise, great great great!! The final song, &#8220;[Untitled]&#8221; is an outtake of Gamelan sounds and chanting, good fun!
While this is a debut album for Anacondas, it's evident that these guys are veteran musicians. I'd definitely recommend this for anyone who likes sludge metal. Personally it reminds me a lot of older Mastodon but a bit slower, which I dig. The vocals definitely have a more hardcore punk influence which is a bit iffy for me but helps to set them apart from other bands of the genre in my opinion. If the vocals still aren't for you after sampling some of the songs, the crushing riffs, especially in "The Witches" or "Cold Blooded Warm Hearted", should be more than enough reason to check these guys out.Final verdict: it's not perfect but it's still damn good.
First time release from local Houma, LA rockers Rick Flavored Arsenal, 'Party on Pluto' makes its debut here on Earth. The sound of this album is quite unique, yet vaugely familiar. Its as if someone on Pluto just now received a transmission of all of our people's music in the past 4 decades and decided to make an album based on what they heard. There's a little nod to several different bands and genres of rock in here, held together by the Crazy Glue that is Rick's masterful percussion, although every member of the band is given a chance to shine. This is what a lifetime of swamp water can do to a man's brain, in the form of an album. Grandiose, inspired, fun, and even beautiful. Give these guys a chance, and they will give back in the form of ear candy. And boy is it sweet.
Heavier than expect based on the last album, but still very good for the same all the sane reasons.Just wish I had more.
Not as dynamic or melodic as the first album, but a solid release. Much Heavier with the 9 string guitar.
It's been awhile since I listened to Glass Cloud's debut album, The Royal Thousand. I remembered it being djenty, heavy and fun but nothing really stuck out.Although this album doesn't really reinvent the wheel so to speak, it definitely shows a group willing to go further. Coming closer to Meshuggah than Periphery on this album, Glass Cloud still is finding direction. Almost completely devoid of any harmony, with a dab of sung vocals, it's about as dark as I've ever heard singer, Jerry Roush, go.Enjoyable and repeatable if still forgettable. I recommended this to anyone who favors Periphery, Meshuggah or Other contemporary &#34;djent&#34; bands.Standout tracks for me:LilacI Dug A GraveSould Is Dead
Repetitive, but if you like the TDTDE sound and weird chords, this is definitely worth giving a listen.  Do not expect The Royal Thousand.
This is a nice new progressive metal band.  The songs are catchy, at times almost AOR catchy, and the singer is very good.  The guitar solos should also be mentioned as above average.  Worth picking up if you like Seventh Wonder, Illusion Suite, etc.
As I noted in my review of On Divine Winds, Hail of Bullets is a good addition to historical metal.  III the Rommel Chronicles covers the history of Erwin Rommel, the Desert Fox, from combat as a junior officer in Italy, through his command of Panzer Armee Afrika and Army Group B in World War III.  The growled vocals sometimes get in the way, but it is still a good disk.
I liked the song however - just don't have the patience to listen to one song for 68 hours. 3 1/2 stars.
I was surprised when I saw this album for sale and snatched it up.  Black Flag has modernized a tad bit since when I first started listening to them in the late 80's, but they are true to their roots.  They still keep it fresh and put a smile on my face.  I want to go out and dust off my old skate board and shred a bit now.
I enjoy this album, and own every other recorded piece of music they ever made.  Saw them 4 times in 1984 - 1985 and twice in 2013.  Do not compare this to 1981 Damaged.  Greg Ginn is always moving forward changing his sound, and more often than not it upsets people.Also - check out his new band, Good for You - it is excellent stuff.
Self explanatory. Should've trimmed it down to twelve or thirteen amazing songs instead of a bloated twenty-two tracks. That being said some of the songs on here (&#34;My Heart's pumping&#34; &#34;The Chase&#34; &#34;Wallow in Despair&#34; &#34;Lies&#34; &#34;Off my shoulders&#34;) are as good as anything Black Flag did in their heyday. Although it also should be stated that I don't know what the heck Ron was thinking in &#34;Lies&#34; with that &#34;I'm okay with my angst&#34; rant&#8230;WTF.
It's important to differentiate Greg Ginn the businessman and Greg Ginn the artist. I don't care that he may be a jerk. I like his music, and Black Flag, for his guitar style and tone. This album sounds like the direction Black Flag was going in when they disbanded: fractured, angular riffs, and murky mixing.I am probably in a lesser faction of Black Flag fans in that Damaged is the album I listen to the least. I liked the progressive rock trend the band was headed in when they split. This album continues that trend. While Reyes may be many fans' least favorite vocalist, to me the vocals are secondary to Ginn's musicianship.As for the cover image: at first I was appalled, but now it just makes me laugh. Suddenly I realized the message was a big middle finger to all of the drooling and hyperbole spouted over the years at Pettibon's covers. Ginn's message is that the artwork means nothing to him; rather, it is the music he is concerned with. So please, ignore all the internet venom regarding this album. Judge for yourself.
Awesome old school hardcore.  They have a very unique style.  It's heavy but different then everything else out there.Cant wait to see what they do next.
This Pennsylvania act has got it together with the latest Freedom is a Lie. Good, strong solid, thick metal ala Godsmack with scents of Prong thrown in rounds out this cd. With a female drummer laying down the beats, you cant go wrong with this metal act.
Really great album! I personally don't feel it is as good as their previous album &#34;Second Rose&#34;, but is well worth the purchase. I feel it doesn't live up to second rose because it lacks the depth of sound, and to some degree the emotion of the songs isn't as powerful.
This was the first album I had purchased/heard from this band and it actually really resonated with me.  The mix of operatic vocals/guitar and synthesizer jam comes together just right.  Guess I should leave my cave in Idaho more often and check out different music:-)
New band with a good sound and a solid message.  Life is short, death is sure, sin is the curse, and Christ is the cure!
I had heard of this band's name before today, but I didn't know anything about them (still don't!). The album flashed up as a recommendation from Amazon. I liked the cover, so I checked it out using the Amazon samples (I know, I sound like I work for Amazon). I was really surprised at how tight and aggressive this band is, so I bought the mp3 album. I wouldn't say this album necessarily adds something totally unique or special to the metal genre, but it is a good representative of that sound, particularly if you lean toward bands that have songs about war and warriors. I am also glad that there is no clear singing on the album.A word about the guitarist(s): shredders. This is guitar playing that makes your hands ache to listen to it. If you like metal with a lot of shredding, this is for you. If anything there is so much shredding it might get a bit tiresome after extended listening.The band is not a clone of other bands, but it is pretty firmly ensconced in its genre. The songs are compelling and well executed, a good combination of technical and grooves. This album should get you pumped. There's not much about this band online, so I'm not sure where they are from, but it's not important. This is a solid entry in the metal genre, a fun listen with great musicianship.
PGH is bringing the beatdown of late, and this album brings it hard.  If you love the beatdown hardcore of the early oughts, you'll love this.  For fans of Redline, built Upon Frustration, old Hatebreed, etc.
I seen them play twice now and they recorded this around the Hell Pop Tour. I seen them in the Hell Pop Tour 2 and it was like being at the show again. There is vocal interviews in the Album though that drags it down a little.
Ringworm hit pay-dirt when they released full-length number four in 2005, "Justice Replaced By Revenge," a watershed release that found the band taking on a more metallic sound opposed to the hardcore-based roots that was their bread and butter on every record prior to that one. And now flash forward nine years to full-length effort number eight, and Ringworm are continuing down that same path that they first trail-blazed several years ago. In fact, 2014's "Hammer Of The Witch" actually plays more like a piece of full-on thrash metal than anything else, and one that is only occasionally tinged with hardcore elements (i.e. hardcore-derived chugga-chugga breakdowns, call-and-response vocal patterns, etc)."Hammer..." is mainly the guitarists show, as they lay the uncork a nonstop succession of blistering riffage and solos. But their potency is furthered by a rhythm section that could bust-up concrete, with Ed Stephens laying down some seriously fat bass lines, while his counterpart, Danny Zink, provides the tunes with drumming that is tight and precise. It all makes for one really muscle-bound batch of relentlessly brutal and busy arrangements. And it is all topped off by "singer" James "Human Furnace" Bulloch, whose screamed vocals usually sound like a cross between Shadows Fall's Brian Fair and Slayer's Tom Araya. Other sound-wise comparisons include early Metallica, Kreator, Anthrax, The Haunted, and Corrosion Of Conformity.Getting right to the point, if you want much (if any) variety and/or sonic experimentation in your music, you might as well look elsewhere, as "Hammer Of The Witch" is pretty much a thrash-fest from beginning to end. But that is not to say that there aren't just enough solid melodies, arrangement change-ups, everso subtle tempo shifts, and various other sonic nooks and crannies, present, here to produce a fair amount of standout tracks. And whether revving up the engines for a blistering, blood-pumping bruiser like "Bleed" (which finds ominous bass grumbling beneath charging thrash riffage and harsh, dissonant, call-and-response vocal patterns) or the ripping "Vicious Circle Of Life," which sandwiches a surprisingly tuneful guitar solo into its mix of blistering guitar leads, viscerally rumbling bass lines, and double-time drum thudding; or settling down into more restrained and mid-tempo territory (see the meaty, bass-heavy, muscle-bound chug of "Exit Life"), the arrangements always bristle with a crackling intensity.The set-opening blast, "Dawn Of Decay," with its surprisingly slow and mournful intro followed by a solid, chugging thrash riff, and steady, grumbling, dirty-sounding bass line, is another one of the albums best songs, especially when considering how it picks up substantial speed and momentum, and eventually hits a blistering speed with a ripping  thrash groove, buzzsaw guitar crunch, and pounding double bass drums. And the gruesomely-entitled "Leave Your Skin At The Door" is also good enough to qualify as one. The bass tone is extremely thick, murky, and washed-out-sounding in this track, although there is a pleasantly surprising lot of melody that finds its way into the mix, here, when the guitarists rip out a harmonic, Kirk Hammett-styled solo section that is actually quite ripping.The intentionally comical "I Recommend Amputation," with its interesting, snaking bass lines and punishing, honest-to-god blast beat drumming (that comes thundering through the mix), helps to ensure things stay interesting and brutal. Other notable mentions include "King Of Blood," a blazing, whiplash-inducing thrasher with blistering, biting, Slayer-iffic picking (i.e. riffs and solos), pounding skins, and anthemic vocals;  the very hooky gallop (that brings to mind "Slaughter Of The Soul"-era At The Gates) and sneaky, fast, mid-song tempo change (which is complete with a fiery pick slide) of "Die Like A Pig"; and the propulsive introductory drum solo that kicks off the heavily groovy set closer, "Height Of Revelation." And, of course, one must not forget to mention "We'll Always Have The End," another bass-heavy piece. This one features abrasive, angular chugging riffs, and a series of squealing, screaming guitar solos; but it is actually mostly of note for finding the bassist, Stephens, once again getting in on the action. The bass lines that he coughs up, here, are thoroughly pronounced and bottom-heavy, and the dude even gets to lay down some solid, grumbling bass soloing(!).When considering its crisp production job, tight arrangements, blazing speed, compact songwriting, and potent delivery, the end result is one a darn solid (and even more satisfying) speedster from a band that knows exactly what they want to accomplish, and one that is, more-or-less, firing on all cylinders. And while the sense of same-y soundingness does eventually kick in, meaning there might not be any real classics on tap, here, there are more than a few songs that are well worth your time if you are into thrash, speed metal, raw metalcore, groove metal (even though "H.O.T.W." is not either of the last two mentioned subgenres), and crossover.
WOW! HATRIOT HAVE RELEASED THEIR NEW ALBUM "DAWN OF THE CENTURION" ONLY A YEAR AFTER THEIR INCREDIBLE THRASH DEBUT "HEROES OF ORIGIN!" AND IT'S AMAZING MODERN THRASH TO SAY THE LEAST, BUT IT DOES NOT HAVE THE IMPACT OF LAST YEARS DEBUT (IMO!) I MEAN THAT WAS GOING TO BE VERY HARD TO TOP. AND IF THEY WOULD HAVE ACCOMPLISHED THAT WITH THIS ALBUM IT WOULD PROBABLY HAVE BEEN METAL ALBUM OF THE YEAR! THIS ALBUM IS MORE STRAIGHT FORWARD AND CONTROLLED AND LACKS THE FEROCITY AND DIVERSITY OF THE FIRST, BUT THIS ALBUM IS MORE HEAVY, SOLID AND TIGHT! JUST PERHAPS A LITTLE LESS CHAOTIC. STILL THIS ALBUM SHREDS AND WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST THIS YEAR I'M SURE. HOPEFULLY THESE GUYS CAN HANG AROUND FOR A FEW YEARS AND RELEASE MORE BRUTAL ALBUMS IN THE FUTURE. EVERYBODY HAD BETTER LOOKOUT BECAUSE HATRIOT SOUND LIKE THEIR ON A "THRASH MISSION FROM HELL!"  UPDATE FOR JUNE 9TH 2014, "STEVE SOUZA HAS RETURNED TO EXODUS!"......WILL HATRIOT CONTINUE ON WITH SOUZA? COULD THEIR BE A NEW VOCALIST FOR THE BAND? EITHER WAY I WISH HATRIOT THE BEST IN THE FUTURE, BECAUSE "HEROES OF ORIGIN" AND "DAWN OF THE NEW CENTURIAN" ARE ABSOLUTELY KILLER THRASH METAL EQUAL TO SOME OF THE BIGGEST IN THE BUSINESS......PERHAPS EXODUS REALIZED THEY NEEDED TO GET HIM BACK? ANYWAY, I HOPE BOTH BANDS SUCCEED FROM HERE AS BOTH BANDS ARE AWESOME!
With some hardcore music! Yeah, this is some pretty good stuff. I can be repetitive at times, but if you're looking for some intense hardcore tunes to rock out to, I'd pick this up!
Anyone who enjoys modern post hardcore will find enjoyment in this. It is a nice change up from all the trash the old good bands are putting out this year. Also check out Jamie's elsewhere rebel reviveIn hearts wake earth walker and with one last breathe fearless
Ok, first off, deathcore isn't really my cup of tea. I just can't get into cookie monster vocals. That said, this is a very good representation of the genre. Nice, clean recording. Good musicianship and composition. I'll definitely throw it in my metal mixes, which usually consist of prog metal, technical metal, and old school Sabbath/Dio type stuff. If you like the deathcore genre, I think you'll really dig this CD!
This is presumably the final album from Black Metal supergroup Twilight, whose members hail or have hailed from such outfits as Xasthur, Nachtmystium, Leviathan and Krieg, among others.  This time out they're joined by none other than Thurston Moore, who spent a few decades with future Rock N' roll hall of Famers (one dares hope) Sonic Youth.  Moore is a noted affianado of Black Metal, so his involvement here is not as strange as it may seem.  As for the other rotating members, various personal and professional troubles caused Twilight to come asunder, and indeed this album has been delayed for more than a year.  Does that mean this album is a last raspy gasp?  For those of us who honestly love antisocial aural acid baths, then this is one hell of an impressive tombstone.First off, calling this album Black metal would really be a mistake, at least if you're talking about standard Norwegian blastbeats and shrieking.  This one is a lot closer to the Sludge Metal genre, with its slower, prominent drumming and thick layers of guitars.  While there are a few moments of something resembling old school Black Metal, the atmosphere here is less chilly and severe blizzard and more extreme hot lava bath.  Moore's main job here is to add an extra layer of feedback chaos, which I suppose is just Thurston being Thurston.  Drummer Jef "Wrest" Whitehead (the one man behind Leviathan) is the real star here, wigh his near-industrial pounding keeping the "songs" anchored in something similar to actual music.  Of couse, if you wanted music, then why would you subject yourself to something like this in the first place?  This makes the recent work of Nachtmystium sound like, well, Pink Floyd (in fact, that band has released two albums subtitled "Balck Meddle").When Moore was asked about the project, he quoted William Burroughs saying they would "destroy all rational thought."  While alll rationsl thought is in no danger of being destroyed completely, this album makes a good case for at least suspending it for a while.  It turns out I could happily live with that.(Side note: if you actually end up liking this, you're a freak like me, but you may also want to check out Leviathan's 2008 magnum anti-opus "Massive Conspiracy Against All Life."  it's in a vaguely similar vein and, yes, he manages to back up the title.)
Hi there, this band needs to be heard.  4.5 stars would be more appropriate if Amazon would allow it.  This album will be a gigantic hit once people discover it, there's so much that's right going on here.SERVERS is a tough cookie to explain, but incredibly easy to digest.  One person described it as &#34;urgent&#34;, and I feel that's fitting.  Also:  driving, energetic, crunchy.  It sounds to me like a mixture of punk and rock 'n roll, maybe High On Fire meets Alkaline Trio and Motorhead?Google &#34;Universes & Supernovas (The Ride)&#34;, that's the song that INSTANTLY hooked me.  The vocals are full of passion, the riffs are upbeat and catchy, the rhythm like a personal trainer who keeps yelling at you &#34;keep going, keep going, you can do more!&#34;  But every now and then there's the slower, doom-y track; equally excellent.  There are a few strategically placed guitar solos here, most of them are just beautiful and groovy like David Gilmour would play.Okay boss, explaining music isn't my strong point.  How about this?  JUST BUY IT!  If you're like me, you've heard Universes & Supernovas and couldn't wait to hear the rest (it only gets better).
Argentinian band Gunner aka Gunner Sixx as they went by on the band's previous 3 releases is making progress. The band has five members so either they counted the roadie with their retired band name or Gunner-Five didn't sound as cool. Update: with a little research it appears the poor man's Gene Simmons(Nikki Sixx) forced them change their name due to legal claims. These guys image reminds me of a guy I knew who immigrated to the states from Eastern Europe as they look like they stepped off the plane from a 1987 Sunset strip time machine. Lead singer Aaron Briglia shines as he has some pipes and sings in English with range and emotion. As mentioned with the image, the sound matches it with pure hook driven 80's MHR layered in keys. Production/mix is much better than the band's previous albums and I would say worth a spin.
good modern metalcore band and album 8 out of ten and im 35 and still like it better production value this is extremely heavy sh.. brian newmeyer
They got heavy and I believe it was a good thing. This is non-stop  bleeding from the ears banging your head.
Since the turn of the century, there have really been (more-or-less) three sub-genres of grindcore to hit store shelves: A) The math/noise-obsessed grind (reminiscent of Dillinger Escape Plan, Converge, and Meshuggah); b) Napalm Death-worshipping, math-tinged grindcore; and c) gore-splattered, filth-caked deathgrind in the same vein as Carcass and Exhumed. Of these three subsets, Belgium's Aborted definitely fall into the latter of the categories. But just because they do not fuse calculus equations into their musical arrangements does certainly not mean that they are not an intelligent band. Indeed, by layering their songs in some of the most complex and carefully-calculated riff patterns this side of Nineties-era Suffocation, as well as some intelligently-placed thrash picking, and just the right amount of breakdowns and infectious melodicism, Aborted are actually far from being all brawn and no brains.This fact is exemplified perfectly on the quintet's eighth record, 2014's "The Necrotic Manifesto." And there are actual, honest-to-god standout tracks to be had, here, as not all of the songs blend together like they do on many a deathgrind album. Sure, these fifteen tracks are layered in furious riffing and lightning fast blasts, but there is just the right amount of sonic variation to let-in standout songs. The very creepy and portentous intro skit ("Six Feet Of Foreplay") sets the stage perfectly for "The Extirpation Agenda," a decapitating aural attack of searing guitar noise, furious drumming, and dueling vocals. And the next two tracks," are nearly overwhelming blankets of ferocious picking and trapkit blasting (with blistering, chainsaw riffage and a Cryptopsy-like jackhammer-insistence in the latter). But both the title song and "An Enumeration Of Cadavers" do eventually open up and adopt a pleasantly surprising, technical, and infectiously sweeping melodic guitar solo to top the whole thing off.But there certainly are a few exceptions (curveballs, if you will) to this "attack, attack, attack" rule periodically peppered into the mix of this effort's forty-six-minute playing time. "Die Verzweiflung" is a deliberately much slower, in control, and groove-oriented venture that, with its plodding tempo and pinch harmonic-laden guitar hooks, ends up sounding very foreboding and unsettling. Then, several tracks later, comes "Cenobites," which is a clear standout just for its intro/outro combo alone. It does, after all, open and close with moody, and even borderline atmospheric interludes comprised of melodic guitars and spoken-word vocals. And as a final anomaly, the album wraps up with "Arise," a spot-on Sepultura cover that, naturally, plays like a very catchy and groovy piece of full-on thrash metal.But back on more traditional territory, "Your Entitlement Means Nothing" plays like a full-on piece of goregrind. It opens with an introductory little skit that gives way to bludgeoning death-grind madness with a sick, stomach churning groove and vocals that verge on the classic goregrind pig squeal style. And its neighbor, "The Davidian Deceit" finds still more chaotic deathgrind madness hammered home by impeccable and pummeling drum blasts, and deeply grooving rhythms. But like just about every song present on this album, this one does open up for some infectious melodies in its guitar solo, though. Other standouts include the piercing guitar soloing and catchy vocal hooks of "Coffin Upon Coffin"; the pummeling grindcore blasts and perfectly-executed fast tempo changes in "Chronicles Of Detruncation"; the thunderous grooves, careening guitar leads, and stop-and-eventually-go blasting in "Sade & Libertine Lunacty"; and the inhumanly monstrous vocals in "Excremental Veracity." (Here, the vocals sound like the Cookie Monster doing his best pig squeal impression.)Far and away the biggest early contender for the best deathgrind record of the year, "The Necrotic Manifesto" is a very satisfying release, and quite possibly Aborted's finest musical statement since 2005's "The Archaic Abattoir." And no, "T.N.M." does not reinvent the deathgrind wheel nor does it move the genre forward much (if any). But it does not need to. It is a very good album all the same.
Aborted have been pretty hit and miss throughout their entire career. They are talented enough to gain the respect of the death metal community yet remain buried underneath countless other bands who are also flying the same flag of death grind. They have had their moments such as with Gormageddon which still remains one of the better death metal albums to come out in the new millennium, yet have manage to still stay relatively invisible ever since. It's not a matter of talent that this band has not achieved more, but rather that the scene itself has become extremely over-saturated. So the question is will "Necrotic Manifesto" change that?To be honest, I doubt this album will push Aborted any further. "Necrotic Manifesto" is an extremely tight album. The music itself reveals a band in top form. The music itself is a pretty even mix of death metal, grindcore, and melodic death metal. At times I am reminded of Carcass while other times Dying Fetus. The guitar solos on this album are actually rather epic for a death metal album which shows the band's influences may extend beyond Death Metal.The only issue I see with this album is that despite the talent and tight musicianship, it sounds rather forgettable. I honestly think that Aborted have the talent to really stand out and possibly break new ground; however, I don't think that will happen with this release. At the end of the day "Necrotic Manifesto" finds itself blending into the carpet. I'm sure the dye hard fans will love it since there is little fault to be found. The musicianship is there, just not the originality.Have A Nice Day
hardcore metal album that will give ya the thoughts of old death metal a must get cd......get this album
At this point in their career, Aborted seem to have plateaued. There is only so much a goregrind/death metal group can accomplish without horrible repercussions or backlash from their fans and the scare of mediocrity that the band stirred with Strychnine, seems to have kept these guys at least aligned in the right direction. Stay brutal, stay fast, stick with what got you here. And people act like "here" is such a terrible place to be. Sure they don't share the same adoration as similar acts (most of whom are the originals still going strong like Carcass, At the Gates, or Cannibal Corpse) but their intelligent, slamming, pit inducing death grooves are superlative. The songs on display here all rage with the same bubbling intensity and never lag, which can be excellent if a bit tiresome by the finale. But many songs including the final track "Cenobites", the title cut, and "Extirpation Agenda" are standouts for their sheer hooky gorgeousness in death grind form. Mostly the human blast furnace that is their new drummer Ken Bedene, constructively pummels his kit to the point where everything they play is awesome and vital.Aborted don't need growth.They don't need to branch out.They need to smash skulls. And boy do they.
There is definitely much to be lauded about the 5 minute plus song in my opinion. Some nice changes with cool segues. It does not follow any standard verse-chorus-verse-chorus format. The guitar style is 1980's, but the guitar driven emphasis is from the early 1970's (like Derek and the Dominoes). All members of the band have obviously worked hard to develop their musical abilities. I would prefer lyrics with a more uplifting message, but all in all it seemed like a pretty mature effort and I liked the intensity.
Its awesome to hear Howard back doing what he does best.  In all honesty I loved and love Killswitch with Jesse at the helm.  But Howard still brought awesome Success to Killswitch.  And now he's back fronting a brand new band.  And I have to say the sound is amazing.  Can't wait to hear more of what Howard and Devil You Know have to bring.
I will keep this review short. If you like doom bands like Memento Mori and Candlemass, you will probably enjoy this. Great production too! The CD rocks, and I believe it is well worth the &#34;dough&#34;! Label: Metal Blade.
Tombs have really arrived with 'Savage Gold.' Nothing against their earlier material, it just didn't hit like this. Using the building blocks of black metal as their departure point, they have fashioned a cd that really sounds like post-punk in a way. Mike Hill's vocals don't croak like black metal or grunt like death metal. The lyrics are interesting and introspective. The drummer is a monster on this. And the production, despite being done by a 'metal' guy (Erik Rutan) is still nice and open. This is a very unique sounding cd. Highly recommended!
First off let me say that musically this is up there with the last two albums. Where it falls short is the production. Its......clean. tombs benefited from the muddy raw production of path of totality (in my top 10 albums all time by the way). It added to to the mood and shoegaze element and enhanced that album so much. With this clean production tombs kind of takes a step back and sounds a little like the myriads of other black metal bands popping up now. Maybe its just me. Mastodon kind of did the same thing going from remisson to leviathan and an even bigger jump to blood mountain. Is it a requirement that the raw beauty of these bands has to go away with popularity? Not saying that tombs will be topping any billboard charts any time soon but path of totality did get them a lot more spotlight and im sure savage gold will further that even more. And they deserve it. Mike hill has been around doing great things for a long time. All the way back to anodyne. He deserves the recognition. Ill keep loving tombs but ill hope for a return to that sound of totality.
...it has muscle. Any fan of extreme music should know Erik Rutan's work and know that he's one of the best at giving a band a super masculine, yet super clear sound. It shows on this album a lot. The drums are thundering. What keeps this album from getting a 5 star review is that some of the riffs are just too simple. Also I don't like the slow depressing songs. They don't fit well with the head bangers. The opening track is probably the best song they've written.
Pretty decent band with great riffs.
This is a great disc by Arch Enemy!But it now, you will not be disappointed.For all of you wondering where the heavy, melodic metal of yesteryear went, the crew of Arch Enemy are keeping the fires burning!
I love the CD but I bought this for $13.99 plus tax, now it $10.00! Just another scam from Amazon, I should have just waited & this is not just once, but several! I'm seriously, cutting back on ordering music CDs from this company!
Well, Swedish melodic death metal mainstays Arch Enemy definitely got people talking in advance of their ninth full-length album, titled War Eternal. The departure of co-founding guitarist Christopher Amott would have been noteworthy all by itself, but it was vocalist Angela Gossow&#8217;s surprise announcement that she was stepping down from the microphone that really took the metal world by storm. Gossow, of course, was one of the first women to front an extreme metal band, and Arch Enemy decided to continue that tradition by naming Alissa White-Gluz (formerly of The Agonist) as her replacement.The stakes were high going into this album. War Eternal had to win over the band&#8217;s existing fans, shut down the doubters, and show that Arch Enemy can march forward into a new era without missing a step. Fortunately Michael Amott&#8217;s vision for the band has never wavered, and his songwriting is as sharp as ever. Former Arsis guitarist Nick Cordle, who replaced Christopher Amott, proves to be an asset in the songwriting department as well. On the vocal side, Gluz is no stranger to death metal growling, but her raspier style is not as deep and dominating as Gossow&#8217;s. It&#8217;s a difference that&#8217;s noticeable, but not necessarily worse. The band opened themselves up to criticism by selecting another female vocalist (as in, this is our gimmick, and isn&#8217;t she hawt?), but Gluz&#8217;s performance should satisfy anyone who isn&#8217;t simply determined to complain (and who probably hasn&#8217;t bought an Arch Enemy album since Wages of Sin anyway).War Eternal sounds like, well, an Arch Enemy album. Aside from the obvious difference in vocal styles, it&#8217;s the same basic formula we heard on Khaos Legions and Rise of the Tyrant. It&#8217;s got that signature blend of intensity and melody, with neck-snapping rhythms and wickedly catchy melodies. The songs continue to be anthemic in nature, serving as rousing calls to rebel against&#8230;well, they&#8217;re a little vague on that part, so just rage against your boss/your ex/traffic/the machine as needed.The title track is the first single from War Eternal, and it&#8217;s such a monster song. Vintage Arch Enemy. &#8220;As the Pages Burn&#8221; and &#8220;Down to Nothing are also killer tracks that have that classic Gothenburg melodeath vibe. The synths in &#8220;Avalanche&#8221; add another dimension to the album as well. There really isn&#8217;t a bad song here, though the instrumental intro and outro tracks are more or less disposable.Arch Enemy isn&#8217;t exactly shocking the system with War Eternal like they did over a decade ago with Wages of Sin, but they really didn&#8217;t have to. They simply had to show their fans that the band could continue through some very significant lineup changes and still come out sounding like the Arch Enemy we all know and love. And at that they very much succeeded. War Eternal isn&#8217;t an amazing album, but it&#8217;s every bit as strong as the albums that preceded it, and does a very good job ushering in the Arch Enemy 3.0 era.Edition Notes: The deluxe edition of War Eternal comes in a digipack and includes a cover of Mike Oldfield&#8217;s &#8220;Shadow on the Wall&#8221; as a bonus track, as well as a patch and sticker.
Angela is gone but the music is excellent and will not disappoint Arch Enemy fans. Will just have to get used to new singer but I am OK with it.
If you are a longtime Arch Enemy fan like myself I am sure you will enjoy this album. Obviously it's hard to not notice that Angela Gossow is no longer in the group and it's something that's hard to ignore because in my opinion she was one of the best of this genre, male or female. The new girl is good, just not nearly as dynamic as Angela, maybe time will help us all to move on. Vocals aside this is an incredibly well written and musically articulate album, with that said it's almost too perfect, or sterile so to speak, it seems to lack some of the aggression that is usually present on an Arch Enemy album. I don't really want to discredit the group for this album because there are very few groups that can pull off this combination of melodic metal, like I said if you have been following Arch Enemy from the beginning like me you will no doubt enjoy this album with slight thoughts of Angela in your head. I am a metal guitarist myself and I have great respect for this group, good job guys... and new girl, lol.
Arch Enemy's War Eternal is the best metal album I've heard yet to come out this year. First off, the point of Alissa White-Gluz on vocals, I couldn't have been happier with the choice, knowing her background in music and lyric writing, she was really the perfect fit for the band, and her vocals deliver on ever song. As for the album itself, it carries an old school melodic death metal vibe similar to late Carcass and early In Flames. A new element on the album that surprised me was the use of a stringed symphony, it gave a heavy symphonic metal vibe and sounded a little weird at times, almost cheesy even. Overall though, a very good effort, and a huge improvement over the Khaos Legions. Not one bad song on the album.
I was pleasantly surprised.  After hearing one of the more generic songs on the album, I was expecting a repeat of one of the past few albums, which were pretty generic and uncreative.  I was wrong; there is actually a lot to love about this album and it is probably one of Arch Enemy's best.  It will probably sit up along with my favorites along with Wages of Sin.I love the album, but to be a critical snob, I'll tell you why it wasn't quite 5 stars to me.  First off, it seems like Alyssa's amazing lyric-writing abilities got Arch Enemied.  Her writing for The Agonist was some of the best in the industry, but most of the writing on this album is mediocre at best.  It fits Arch Enemy well, previous albums considered, but if you have a lyrical genius among you, you should use that asset more heavily, instead of more generic rebellion anthems that Arch Enemy is known for.  Also, as far as vocals goes, Angela was still a better fit for Arch Enemy because she has more powerful shrieks, and Alyssa's are good, but her strength was always her clean voice.Most songs on this album have excellent structure, good enough lyrics, nice riffs and hooks, and the entire album overall is creative enough that it is one of the few albums I can listen to all the way through and not get bored or sick of the sound.  Every song has a signature, even if some of them match previous albums.Anyways.  Well worth the money.
Prob the best AE cd so far
I love all three tracks, especially Ending Circle. These are without a doubt some of their finest songs to date & are for sure worth the $3 asking price. My only complaint is that it's mastered pretty hot & has it's fair amount of clipping. Regardless, don't let that stop you from buying these. If the guys would give me the unmastered tracks to tinker with myself...I'd raise it to 5 stars. Haha.
This album is a lot better than I thought it would be! I was skeptical because I really liked the band with Mitch Lucker but Eddie seems to have delivered a great album! There's no denying that his voice at times often sounds much different than their late singers but it's by no means different in a bad way! If anything, the new addition to the band helps SS deliver a heavier and more contrasted album that seems to get better and better as the album progresses.Over all I'm very impressed!
I good solid release from SS. Nothing special about the album in my opinion but its was kind of expected being the first album without Mitch. The band is kinda feeling thing out. The music songs are all pretty good,but seem to lack the intensity that Mitch brought. Eddie does do a good job on the CD, but this album just doesn't have the same feel as past SS cds.
Everyone upset about the old singer passing and not liking this choice of vocalist ...and I gotta tell yathis new singer nailed it ....there best cd ever and a must buyget it
Just so people know I am not a past fan of suicide silence so this review is in no way influenced by this band previous works or members.I want to start with that this album as far as sound quality with the instruments and vocals were great and in no way reflect negatively upon this album. My deciding factor in purchasing this album was from the band's single release and music video You Can't Stop Me. After hearing the new vocalists (former all shall perish vocalist) amazing vocals and style I thought this album would be worth a shot even tho the song itself was very monotonous which I chalked up to just this band doing what most bands do now a days with singles just putting out an easy listening catchy song for people to get into.Unfortunately it wasn't till after I had heard the entire album several times I had discovered not only is the album fairly short for having fourteen tracks the entire album is a lot like their single and not very unique or distinct. Most of the songs featured are somewhat short and have repetitive lyrics that feel more like filler with just a simple message or statement for example I'm better then you, I'm going to punish you or you can't stop me.Over all this isn't a terrible album or that you shouldn't pick up this album wether your a die-hard fan or someone just looking for something new but as far as this album goes in my personal opinion and experience with this album thus far it feels repetitive and not all to interesting and I would suggest checking this album out on YouTube before you buy.
These young men have worked so hard.  I hope they go along way.  Besides one of the is my Grandson. Go Men of Moores