This is ony of my favorite bands since i was 14.I would recommend this album to anyone who likes screaming music, with a bit of melody :)
great first album with good lyrics. a solid purchase from a band that dropped the ball on the follow up
If you want a rockin cd get this!! I saw these guys live way back when in New Paltz, NY and they ARE the best!
This is a great EP. Reminds me of haste the day with explosions in the sky influence. I hope they release more stuff
I ordered Hogs in Wolf's Clothing The Groundhogs to get more of McPhee's wonderful British rock blues and move forward to complete my collection.  This is a large compilation of music and is a great buy, as one day soon, it most likely be out of print.  Get yours now and experience British Blues Rock at it's best.
A BRAVE NEW WORLD shines upon the band STYX with a sound modernized yet irresistably reminiscent of days of yore.With old wounds beginning to heal after the separation from the bands previous keyboardist/ vocalist, STYX apparently has found once again the rock and roll monster that had been dormant since 1978. CYCLORAMA reveals a band that once again strives to develop a unified sense of construct within a widely varied styles of songs... with a heartwrenching conclusion that honors the fallen heroes of and after September 11, 2001.ONE WITH EVERYTHING is a roaring return to the progressive hard rocking lament not too differentiated from MAN IN THE WILDERNESS and LOVE IN THE MIDNIGHT, that draws this album to a close leaving listeners wanting more.FIELDS OF THE BRAVE, KILLING THE THING THAT YOU LOVE, and MORE LOVE FOR THE MONEY are modern tracks that impeccably harken back to the social satyre of STYX in its heyday. THESE ARE THE TIMES offers an emotional repose for STYGIANS as a call to arms for loved ones lost and (more so) loved ones who are fighting against the struggles to remain alive and well.The hidden a capella track THE CHOSEN ONE is a one stanza recording written by Tommy in honor of those who would stare into the face of danger in effort to rescue others: In the background are sounds from the reconstruction site of the World Trade Center where the band visited when they provided their wonderful donation to the New York Port Authority Police.If you were the one,the chosen oneTo sacrifice yourself,in a moment of dangerWould you have the grace,the courage it takesTo save the life of a stranger?My only complaints about this album are the extraneous use of guests such as Billy Bob Thorton and Tenacious D, who add some needless interludes to an otherwise brilliant album.STYX is back, and they bring with them a CYCLORAMA of sound that bests all of the works since 1978.
Love this record.  Heavy and chunky riffs, good vocals.  American Metalhead is a classic headbanging metal track with an incredibly catchy riff.
This album flows amazingly well. Definitely recommend this CD to fans of metal who like their music heavy and head-banging. This is a great CD.
Pretty cool like this type of music were it blend ambient and black metal sounds together it makes it more atmospheric which is just cool as he!!.good album Recommend if you like DSBM type music
Excellent thrash lead vocals , rhythmic and harmonic melodies, fast riffs of solo guitars , deep gloomy bass , and fast drumming. Some songs are speeded up rocknroll , thrash , and speed metal. A good mix of metal music for headbangers worldwide. I recommend this product to everyone.
when i bought it, i immediately fell in love, and i still love and listen to this c.d. today. i can't wait for their next one.
In my opinion not as good as SATBOTRBVAA but if you enjoy La Dispute its a necessity in your music collection
For symphonic black metal pretty damn graceful. Great keyboard work and black metal riffs.best track Ja pimeys laskeutui
These guys rage hard. Harder than you've ever heard a band rage before. They rage so hard they don't even require a bass player. And we all know singers are total superfluous pansies, so they don't need one of those either. These guys are wizards. Drum and guitar wizards.I read somewhere that Swarming Hordes were artificially created by science to take down the music industry. They failed, however, because when you apply such musical prowess to a singular trio of humans it renders the need for goals and objectives totally useless. For, you see, these guys were swimming in poon from the very moment they first took the stage. Women would see the way their lightning fast fingers would manipulate the fret boards with effortless ease and skill and they had to know immediately how such dexterity would translate to the clitoris. And they were not disappointed.If you are a true American patriot, or even some filthy foreigner from some down-market country (Norway, perhaps) you must purchase this album. What's 8 measly dollars when you consider the piece of history and instant animal magnetism you'll be receiving? You'd be a fool not to procure this album for your collection. Mothers and daughters everywhere will call aunts and nieces so that they can all simultaneously make out with youAnd if you're a woman something equally epic will happen that doesn't involve lesbianism... Unless of course you're into that sort of thing.All of your wildest dreams will come true is what I'm getting at. Just listen to this record and all of life's mysteries will be revealed. I'm already heating my house using cold fusion. Swarming Hordes is just that effective.
I LIKE PUTTING A SHORT MONOLOG BETWEEN SETS ON SOME OF MY PLAYLISTS OF ZEPPELIN THEY ARE A BIT TOO LONG.
The original release date for this album was May 17, 2005. I wish I would have known about it then. Good blues based rock and roll, nothing more. The first song has you tapping your foot along with the beat and every song that follows does the same. Plain and simple, just the way I like it.
I've owned this album in many formats over the years . And I still love this one , I can. Recommend it as one of my favorites buy this group. And I'm 48 yrs old so stay young in the mind my friends .....
Its typical SOD. Its a good listen for 2 songs. Definatly worth the few bucks to complete the SOD collection
I was listening to music on Pandora when I came across 'Instrumental' by these guys. I loved it, so I looked more into them. In a matter of minutes, I found myself downloading this brilliant album by A Burning Water. I highly recommend it, I can listen to this album in its entirety and it still doesn't get old. Every song on We Can See the Sky from Here is amazing and different. None of the songs really sound similar, though,'This is a Test' and 'Retract' can sound similar at times, but not too similar. If I could, I'd give this album 6 stars, A Burning Water deserves it for putting out such an amazing album. It's too bad more people don't know about this incredible band.
You can go through piles and piles of music that no one has heard of and find nothing interesting. This collection of tracks is one of those that makes you want to continue going through piles and piles of unlistenable garbage in the hopes of finding something as good.I say the above statements with the assumption that you enjoy death metal music in some form or fashion (it is the category Amazon put it in, after all).The music is incredibly complex and heavy, usually fast paced. Most of the tracks have variations of pace and melody in several spots, so a 15 second sample will not do any one of them justice. If you had to buy one track, buy Dying Alone... If you wanted to avoid tracks, there's only two to avoid (6 and 10), so it's still cheaper to buy the entire album.
Heard this playing in the background at a Within Temptation concert years ago(while they were setting up between bands).Searched for it but didn't want to pay the staggering amount for the Japanese import.Got the mp3's and love it.
Again, Iron Maiden shows no signs of fading with the second single from A Matter of Life and Death" Different World. This single itself contains the two tracks previously only available on the 7" vinyl single for Benjamin Breeg. For a collector, this is an easy buy, low cost, fun to listen to. With the loud crunch and reasonable speed, this is a great opening track for the album. Upbeat and good chorus. Pick this up, you will like it.
A couple of their best songs here. Finding copies of these BBC radio legends sessions before now was difficult at least in the US.
This is a band who plays instruments with their bodies, mainly the arms and hands. They recorded it and now we can hear it.
Dig it! Another great CD to add to my collection of metal. The whole thing is well produced and kicks ass from start to finish.
great cd...the band leaves off the end of the tracks or maybe that's how it's recorded...but very good album...among the top of my list!
Well, if you've reached this point, you're truly in the underground now. Welcome. This is the deepest, dankest, darkest album I currently know of. No more are you--we--was death metal at this time concerned with tone. Rather, I think the genre had mastered the initial waverings about who was the darkest or gnarliest, it had instead become about the deepest, dankest, darkest technicality; screaming, hoarse vocals; the worst atmospheres one could conjure. Yes, death metal was becoming more and more like a dead thing everyday, no longer the thrash-bound insipid monster-child of Slayer, Metallica, Anthrax (ew) and Megadeth (who bowed out of how-far-can-we-take-this after their 1990 Rust In Peace).No, in 1994 we have a 'thing', and I do mean 'a thing' since this is clearly not the work of human beings any longer, but sub-optimal creatures splaying their blood and feces on walls for enjoyment and arousal--like Infester's To The Depths In Degradation. While I've heard the technical albums (and oh is this technical) this spawned, such as Immolation's Here In After, with its church-architecture like dissonance and composition, its guitar riffs that truly reach to the tip of the sky with their precision and groundwork; or Cryptopsy's None So Vile, which is like the skater-punk/ska version of this, with happy dreams and sun-behind-cloud-rainbows with its inkling towards nu metal and core (albeit keeping the best of the death metal esthetics alive in the most robust way); or even the semi-equal of this '94 inspired trollop such as Depths is, Incantation's '94 reprise of hell, Mortal Throne of Nazarene. They all are like little grave-diggars to my heart, but I can't say any of them quite prepared me for THIS.THIS is like a creature wholly unbound that I am not used to. Depth's is all technical drumming that walks up and over walls and evil 18th century staircases in some deep, undead mansion upon the hill like the unfettered, spritely steps of some unknown spirit. It's Smilowski from Immolation without the Polish tendency to relish in unstructure, or Cryptopsy's Flo Mounier, with his Quebecois manhandling of the kit. Dario Derna is supernatural. His fills and double-bassing are instinctual. Such an economic, yet touching, warm performance (love how the drums were recorded on this cd) I have not heard since Smilowski on Dawn of Possession.Jason Oliver's vocals are, well, they are loud dog-like growls. Jason Oliver even outdoes '96 era Lord Worm. I won't say anything else about them because they have to be heard to be experienced. There are no syllables that contain words or human speech, simply the kind of caterwauling/growling vocals that us human beings were never meant to express.I am impressed with this album. I am even much more impressed that this 'thing' came from Seattle here in the United States. You wouldn't expect Americans to release something so inspired as this. To The Depths is truly one of the most death death-metal albums I have ever heard. It however may not impress the listener upon immediate listening; To The Depths requires many recurrent listens as well as time and space, you must let the album come to you. If you have to put it down for a couple of days, it's a fine idea to go ahead and do so, for when you come back, there may be a masterpiece waiting for you.As usual with the best death metal albums, once Depths does click, you begin to appreciate just how original it is. The atmosphere present here, with the ghoulish soundbytes, the evil laughter, the screeching and deep gutteral vocals, the doomy laid back bits of music, present with keyboard tones that come from some Halloween movie in Jason's deepest, darkest dreams, it can all sound a sort of a bit like a swamp. However your travels through this haunted swamp are not all laid in misery and slow drowning, the record constantly and often attacks like a rabid wolverine, at once rebelling against and consuming its kin out of mania and gaunt hunger. Rather we have a bit of an attack-release formula, but you will relish the gray cloud of the release, and even thus more enjoy the sensual bite of the attack--sensual as in sharp and a bit prickly. There's reveling, there's moaning to the gods of the unknown, there is self-loathing, there's shouting at the evil wizard who runs the lives of these animated beast-corpses. Frankly, it's the death-call of the undead... or something.To The Depths is a fascinating exhortation of death metal. The record does away with simply all formula, and instead asks us to consider how evil this music can truly get. I daresay if I was looking for the most evil album of all time, I may have found it.
this album rules!!!! so evil and dark...black and death metal at its best! def worth a listen for sure. Peace
A true death/thrash metal classic to the core!!! \m/\m/ One of the classic Death/thrash metal album you must have in your collection.  Solid. \m/\m/
Own the original and the remaster is amazing.  Adds some bottom heaviness and a much louder sound overall.  Guitars and drums are super clean sounding and brutal.  You also get 2 bonus live songs.  Sinister's first cd is one of the best debut cds from any death metal band.
It is such a shame these albums are out of print through Nuclear Blast records; but more than 15 years after I first purchased the import CDs and these albums crushed my speakers, the MP3 format still continues to bring the beast that is Sinister to my computer speakers. Both these albums are classic examples of what made Sinister sucn a force to be reckoned with...heavy guitar sound, guttural vocals from somewhere in the lower intestines, and explosive blast beats and double bass drumming that never relent. Diabolical Summoning is one of my alltime favorite death metal albums, and from the crushing bass lines of Sadistic Intent to the final blasts of Mystical Illusions, it leaves me with a huge smile on my face. All the tracks on this release are my favorites. This is death metal at its best. Clocking in at just over 34 minutes, this album always leaves me wanting more. Thankfully, Cross the Styx is also included.Their debut is nothing short of being absolutely magnificent. One can feel their body cracking as if being stretched on the rack during the opening Carneficina Scelesta. From the blast beats and heaviness that defied their sound takes over in Perennial Mourning. The production on this album is top flight, courtesy of Alex Krull of Atrocity who also offers some backing shrieks on the title track. My personal favorites are Perennial Mourning, Spiritual Immolation, and Perpetual Damnation. Their debut was nothing short of breathtaking, and never left my stereo or Cwalkman. Diabolical Summoning is still a little more mature sounding than Cross the Styx; but nonetheless is a worthy sophomore effort. Cross the Styx is still an awesome debut and illustrates all the Sinister hallmarks that made them a brutal force to be reckoned with. Best of all, both albums on one release makes it a real value for the wallet. These are mandatory listening for any death metal fan who loves brutal, explosive music. Awesome debut and followup.
If you are a fan of the infamous Hellhammer then you will just love Warhammer. When I 1st heard the album I thought it was Hellhammer. But it now!!!!
Sinister never really strayed from their pure metal roots and this album is a result of that dedication without compromization.  Solid riffs, solid lyrics, great vox, intense riffs and drums this is everything a death metal band should be/  \m/\m/
Diadem is amazing. It is a roller coaster of sounds. It'll be so much intensity followed by beautiful acoustic packages or female operatic vocals. Buy it.
Essential for anyone into black metal/dark ambient/ atmospheric black metal, or good music in general. This album was an absolute must for me to pick up after "Two Hunters" and I was not disappointed. I love the epic, eerie fuzzed out landscapes that cascade from the speakers/headphones( there is no song on here under 13 min.) reminding me of witnessing some pagan fairy tale of suspense and magic within a forest of darkness. Although the album is one of the dark atmospheric variety it has some painfully beautiful moments as well, almost as if a soul is being saved by a priestess or guardian from beyond, or a fallen warrior/hero is being celebrated upon death for his bravery(think Tolkien or any viking pagan saga). Very pagan feeling....if you enjoyed "Two Hunters" you will love this one too.
Over a year has passed since I first heard this album and it continues to astound. Fans of early Ulver, Emperor, Negura Bunget get this.
I typically don't write reviews like this, but felt compelled when I couldn't find much online about this band or this album.  And when I saw the album had no reviews, I was moved to write this.It took me a good 5+ listens to get into this album, but that's typical (5-10 plays before you start to love it).  I find this album crisp, clean, and tight.  I'm a fan of metal, but I need a lead signer to actually sing too (versus just scream); the singer in Element Eighty does both well.My favorite track off the album is "killing me".  This might not lend well to a review, but I'm impressed when an album is recorded so cleanly and tightly, that I can use it to demo my stereo speakers.  Pop in Killing Me (or any other track), crank up your stereo, and prepare to be impressed.These guys deserve more attention for this album than I see out there.Jason
This album is even better than their more popular self titled. Even after this many years, these songs give me chills. Definitely a good buy.
I'm like the previous guy, I can't believe there aren't more reviews out there for this band.  The lead singer has a voice unlike most bands out there right now.  Sure you can just scream into the microphone but to scream & actually make it sound good takes talent.  I'm upset this band is on hiatus I can't wait for their 4th album (this is actually their 3rd album).  Listen to their previous album too it rocks just as much as this one.  They need more recognition because they deserve it.  Keep rockin guys.  Big time fan, since the Trees days!
If you mix Robin Trower guitar stylings with Pink Floyed vocal styling's and add a pinch of funk you get a pretty close rendering of what Ben Garnfelt Band created with their "The Sum of Memories" CD. What a fun cd to listen to. "The Sum of Memories" has a true 1970's hard rock groove running throughout the entire CD. I am stunned that Ben Garnfelt isn't more popular. "Memories" is for fans of guitar fueled 1970's style hard rock the world over. This cd is a gift to my ears and I only hope Ben Garnfelt continues his string strumming career far into the future. Ben Garnfelt's lack of popularity is the music industry's failure and serves to underscore the mindless leadership currently infesting the music industy's insanity in America today! I thank Grooveyard records for bringing this brilliant musician and his music to my CD player. Happy, happy, Joy, Joy!
I'm not an intellectual about music but certain melodies, certain rhythms, and certain vocal phrases just hit me right in the "soul," for lack of a better word. I can usually tell if I like a song from a 30-second clip and I didn't find a clip that didn't hit me right when I checked this album out. You should check it out too if you're a fan of intelligent, powerful hard rock. Ben Granfelt played and wrote well with one of my favorite bands, Wishbone Ash, on their Bona Fide album so I looked for an album under his own name. I wasn't disappointed. Note that Ben Granfelt and his own band have their own sound, though, a little fuzzier and funkier than Wishbone Ash. All in all, it's a fine album and deserves more listeners.
Sinner belts out more of their great 80's hard rock sound on this album.  There are few groups that could ever pound out rock like this band!  Buy it and enjoy it over and over.
I have been following Dirty Wormz for a while, great album!  Now a new album with Tech N9ne is going to be off the hook!
M.I.C for the non true hip hop heads out there is one of the most talented groups ever. Mfdoom was part of said group.I wish the rest of the world could listen to this priceless music.
First album from this band, genre progressive metalcore. He's a mix of various genres I like this. recommended to 8 strings guitar fans!
I recently purchased the last ATB CD I was missing out of there collection and this first album here is still my favorite.The guitar is just amazing. Play on for MN and hurry to Duluth!
Technically, more demanding right off the bat. I really like the music so much more on this album as a whole than Rareform. The only thing I can't stand about this album at times are the vocals. Most of the time, they're tolerable but there are times where he goes for the deep vocal growls and he sounds like a metal version of the dude that sings "Chacarron" (look it up on YouTube if you don't know what I'm talking about).Long story short, Rareform was an improvement in the vocal area but I still think the most technical content from this band resides on this album. So, if you can tolerate the sometimes hoaky cookie monster vocals, I absolutely recommend this album.
First time I listened to the songs from this CD was on purevolume.com years ago and sadly I lost my copy of it sometime between now and then. So happy to have it back though. Trophy Scars has changed a lot since this EP, but they still create some of the most unique music you can find.
I've been listening to Black Metal for about three years now. I especially take a large interest in it during winter.I'll skip the background on Leviathan. There's plenty of information about the solo project online.This album is with out as doubt my favorite album of Leviathan. Each track is unique and presents the dark aura of misanthropy quite well.
This recording very effectively captures Michael's ability to captivate his audience with songs of humor, joy, and melancholy. He shows an uncanny sense of timing and mood. Quite possibly one of the best live recordings I've heard from any artist. Purchase this, and you'll be privy to one of the best-kept secrets in the music world.
Well as the founder of the Los Angeles based Mournblade , i found that trying to get these downloads removed has been a pain in the @$$. I never released these to the Amazon company or I-Tunes for sale. I been informed that there is nothing anyone can do about it. so lawyer is now inforced and try to get these removed and or paided.Brief history. i (Jeff Blacky) formed Mournblade with Rick in summer of 1987 and managed to play shows and release a few tapes during it's rocky 20 odd years, we gone thou about 10 different band members during that course inculding 3 that have died. Some of these tracks on this cd was made during our early years and some tracks i wrote during my combat deployments overseas. The follow up Eps are from VD Records inculding 1917 which was released in 2006 and Pray for the Dead ep in 2007. we followed it up with a live cd "Live at the Whisky AGo-AGo" in late 2008, before the band broke up in late 2009.Mangled Lies was writin in early 2005 while i was deployed in Operation Enduring Freedom, it was inculded in his cd release as well as 2001's Holy War track i wrote 2 days before 9-11.Mournblade was originally intitled Stealer of Souls before it was rewrote in 1987, The track "Set" was inculded in the cd it's from 1988 as well as Lord of Chaos from 1989.Enjoy.
Just when you cuss and tell yourself that the only thing you have to look forward to is if someone from the 80's puts out a new album, you take a chance and listen to a recommendation and go WOW!  Love this album - listened to it over and over again and put it on my all favorites list - keep making albums guys - this is great stuff!
This album along withSweet Rock Candyare great for cruising down the highway.Hard rockin' fast paced tunes to listen to while you enjoy the open road.
Guitar, Bass and Drums EP 1 marks Toby Jepson's triumphant and long overdue return to the music scene. The ex-lead singer of British Rock group Little Angels and current lead singer for Fastway, Jepson delivers a very promising  start to the three EP Guitar, Bass and Drums campaign.  Originally released in the UK March 07, EP 1 features five songs guaranteed to get you off your feet and moving around.  The one two punch of "Motivated" and "Overloaded" set the pace and the music drives hard throughout.  "Somebody Else", "Happy Ever After" and "Shine It On" refuse to let up the pace.  It's hard to pick a favorite track when each one is pure quality and contains its own mark on the EP. None thrown in as filler.The only drawback is that this is an EP and the end comes all too quickly.  Leaving the listener eager for more.  Fortunately EP 2 was just released in the UK and should hit the US in the near future.The Little Angels' career was cut short and they never successfully breached the US market. Hopefully this same mistake won't happen again and Jepson is given the chance to flex his rock muscle in the US.
I got this album and was pleasently suprized at the level of playing and sound quality. They captured the essence of the band perfectly. However, unless you speak German (I think it's German), you have no clue what they are saying between songs. But for fans of the band, or fans of the Hard Rock Melodies of the 80's, this is a good buy!
"The Music is heavy. Think of a fiendish monster rips out you spinal cord to use as a whip and then will bench-press your corpse for exersize! Yes".I just thought that I'd steal that line but as they say:"Imitation is the sincerest form of flatulance".
I discovered this on Amazon by accident while looking for some Slayer.  Suprise!  There is a cover by Dave Lombardo...wait a minute.  He doesn't do solo stuff right?  Anyway, all the hard bands that I grew up with, Motorhead, Testament, Slayer, Metal Church that you don't hear about much anymore...with exception of Slayer.  Its nice to know the guys are still out there, and they did an excellent job!
I'm sorry the other reviewer gave it a low rating when they clearly loved the music and don't realize the rating counts against the music, not the fact that it's only a single - I love this because the single has a beautiful cover and it's great to have as a collector item to go with the cd album, and this is such amazing music- Amorphis are clearly the best in all of rock and metal
Estatic Fear are an Austrian band that I recently discovered despite this album being released some years ago. A Sombre Dance released under the banner of Estatic Fear is more an album from the original creator moving on with various contributions from some very, very good muscians/singers. Essentially it retains everything that Estatic Fear were about and gloriously moves forward showing what could have been. This album varies in influences in different styles of music that come together to create something very special. Classical, folk, metal, operatic voices and growls. It is all here resonating into a melancholic dream that touches and crushes this listener into a dark and bleak state of bliss. This is Doom at its best. A Sombre Dance is presented in Chapters, an album that should be listened to as a 'concept album'. The song writing is brilliant, the recording is great and the execution from all musicians/singers is masterful for the genre. Estatic Fear are a band that should be listened to by anyone that loves Doom/metal...or anyone that loves exploring other styles of music. They have only released this album A Sombre Dance and the equally stunning debut Somnium Obmutum. Apparently another two albums worth of material are ready, but as it has been some years, we only have two albums that 'could' ever be released. Doom metal has some amazing bands in the genre....Estatic Fear is very much some of the best that it has to offer. Very highly recommended. If you want the cds and not just the downloads available here then check out the CCP Records site.
One of the darkest and most beautiful albums ever! Some hardcore metal funs might not like it though as it might be kind of (boringly) slow. So album is more like for the times that you are alone and the lights are off (with wine preferably).
This album has an excellent classical black metal feel, and yes, the fact that it is of a less quality recording than their other albums helps this.  On one end it is a common staple for death metal/ black metal bands to have a more DIY sound in their early years, and on the other this showcases Thirdmoon's wide variety of albums.  &#34;Bloodforsaken&#34;, for example, sides with death metal while &#34;Grotesque Autumnal Weepings&#34; leans more towards black metal.  If your a fan of their other work, this is a great addition to the collection and for anyone who likes death metal/ black metal.
Kind of awesome that these guys are from Israel of all places but maybe that adds to their sound and style, Its almost like Danny Elfman were to play Black Metal, very creepy keyboards that give a sense of being thrown into a psychotic circus against your will while falling to depravity.
I can listen through the whole album without changing the song,  that to me is 5 stars. Please do buy and support these guys
I started listening to Heavy metal just two years ago and the very first album wasScourge of Malice. In my humble opinion,Graveworm is only getting better with every release.In this album , they started with "Reflections":An instrumental that kind of takes you in a mind tour with some background screams and drags you in deeper and deeper.In "Bloodwork","Touch Of Hate","Suicide Code","The Day I die","Fragile Side","I need a Hero","Out Of Clouds" & "Scars of Sorrow" you get the same Graveworm intensity in vocals & drums with more layers of keyboard than ever before.I adore their Instrumental outro  "Memories" as it includes some passionate moments of guitar mixed beautifully with keyboards and makes you feel sorry that you've reached the end of the recording.The only downside of collateral Defect is that currently, I'm longing for the next release from Graveworm...cause "now in Graveworm I trust...."
Great album hardcore thrash . Need to get more stuff from these guys. I would recommend it to any headbanger.
De La Hoya was a one of a kind band.  It is actually painful to know that kids growing up nowadays aren't going to get a chance to see this band live.  the next best thing is to buy this cd.  It is honest, heart filled music that makes a point.
I love the Platters. They were popular when I was young!I would recommend it to anyone!It is great!
Without a doubt,the BEST unknown hardcore band from the 80's!!! It is more than obvious that many bands of today are heavily influenced by this bunch.Too bad that alot of bands cover(steal) Y-Di songs without even giving them credit.Often immitated,but never copied!!! NOBODY can copy their fury!!! Buy the real versions and catch them live(if you're lucky)
Let's face it. YDI (pronounced "why die") from Philadelphia were just too unnervingly extreme for their time. It's taken decades of tape traders, zine fanatics, harcore historians, collector fanactics, and the small handful who actually saw YDI in action in roughly '82-'85, to bring YDI into the consciousness of today's hardcore participants of all ages and function (fan, band member, zine/blog contributor, show promoter, etc.). I wasn't lucky enough to see YDI but I was lucky enough to hear their EP and some raw live recordings on tape in the 90's. At that time YDI was NOT even close to as well known and respected for their contribution as they thankfully are today. Occassionally I'd meet someone who had heard them or of them, but this was rareYDI finally got their recognition with the releaase of this collection (which is for all intensive purposes a discography of the band) and with the inclusion of classic footage of YDI featured in the documentary American Hardcore (spawned out of the interest in Steven Blush's oral history of the same title which valiantly attepted to cover every scene which existed in the early-80's, like Philadelphia, and the bands which were attached to them at the time). Many have said that YDI was Philly's NEGATIVE APPROACH. Yes, there are similarities in John Brannon (vocalist of N.A.) and YDI vocalist Panther's approach. They bother took hardcore vocalizing to a level of aggression matched to this day only by a handful. But there is a HUGELY important difference between the two bands and their enraged vocalists. Despite Brannon's scowl and savage vocals, NEGATIVE APPROACH's Oi scene. This dynamic allowed the audience to feel a participant in Brannon's rage. YDI on the other hand seemed walled off. If you got too close to Panther's catharsis you may just end up injured. Not that the band were violent people, but the music and lyrics were so peronally existentially devastating that one would have a hard time calling the band "fun". Whereas, a hundred kids singin along to "Ready To Fight" at a N. APPROACH gig most certainly was the epitome of the group hardcore experience. One need only see the footage of YDI performing "Enemy For Life" in American Hardcore to understand.Musically, YDI were raw. Their production standards were often a bit lacking. But these flaws meant little as the music was so intense. I never quite agreed with those who called YDI (and NEGATIVE APPROACH) "hate-core". It's a tempting tag but with it brings too many questions. YDI were fronted by an African American (still a rarity in the early 80's). Maybe an element of latent racism prevented YDI from receiving the accolades they deserved long ago. More likely, it was simply that like SIEGE (a very different band) YDI were simply too intense and ahead of their time. They weren't the fastest band by any means (certainly not as fast as SIEGE, D.R.I., M.D.C., NEGATIVE FX, DEEP WOUND, etc.), but the sheer POWER and aggression made them seem SO fast (don't get me wrong, YDI was fast). YDI were RAGING. Like VOID, somehow it all came together...Lyriclly, this was one pissed off band as tunes like "Mad At The World", "Out For Blood", "Snarling Hate", "Enemy For Life", "Get Up And Fight" etc. aptly demonstrate. The guitars were chaotic but managed to capture a special thickness many other bands of the era were unable to find. The drumming was solid, with some killer tempo changes (YDI used tempo-changes just masterfully), and the necessary will to hold the whole bundle of rage together.First off, this disc contains YDI's absolutely awesome 15 track demo from early '83. This is seriously one of the greatest hardcore demo tapes ever recorded. Had those rip-off artists at Lost & Found bootlegged this in the early 90's who knows, it may not have taken until Oct. 16th 2007 (Oct. 16th is my birthday and man, this collection is the best gift I could have imagined)to get a proper YDI collection. Much like NEGATIVE FX's classic recordings this demo just tears from song to song like an outta control freight train of hate, anger, and nihilism leaving the listener brutalized and battered. This is the birth of power-violence....The sound quality of the demo is actually quite good (in some ways better than "Place In The Sun" EP). The guitars sound like they're being blayed on max-overdrive through amps that someone has stabbed...Suffice to say, the guitar tone is AWESOME!!! At times if even sounds like the guitars are slightly down-tuned (a technique which the band would utilize on their "Black Dust" LP) which adds an element of heaviness to the YDI sound which is lacking in many other hardcore bands of the era (BLACK FLAG brilliantly captured this heaviness repeatedly, particularly on the "Six Pack" EP & the unreleased '82 Sessions with drummer Chuck Biscuits). YDI also deliver some extremely unique guitarwork. For example, the song "Why Die" relies on a dominant yet quirky guitar lead throughout the tune in addition to some mega-heavy riffage. Panther's vocals are just awe-inspiring. The sheer passion and rage with which he delivers "Mad At The World" is just hair-raising. No description can do it justice, so just check out the lyrics:"Look into my eyes and what do you see,That I'm not normal, you can believe.Savage fury, uncontrollable rageI'm gonna put you into the grave.Visions of murder run rampant through my mind,Death to all humankind.(CHORUS)I'm mad, mad, mad at the world,mad mad mad at the world.No money, no family, no home, no job, no life, no nothing...I'm mad, mad, mad at the world,I'm ugly, I'm poor, I'm awkward, I'm nothing..."-YDI "Mad At The World" (1983)Next up is YDI's legendary 10-song "Place In The Sun" 7" EP from 1983. Every track is featured on the demo (different versions of course) however, for a debut vinyl release the sound isn't that hot. The demo in some ways actually sounds better! But thanks to the loving care put into this release and the wonders of technology, "Place In The Sun" sounds quite good (the best it will ever sound). But what it lacks in perfect sound it more than makes up for in sheer audacity. Easily one of the most brutal 7" records ever pressed. The performance is simply scary.Following the classic "Place In The Sun" EP are YDI's two infamous tracks from the most famous Philadelphia hardcore comp., 1983's "Get Off My Back" LP. YDI's tracks, the savage "Enemy For Life" (truly as good as hardcore gets) and "I Killed My Family" (cousin to The F.U.'s "Ode To Larry Joe" or debut-era SUICIDAL TENDENCIES but actually sounding like it was recorded just minutes after Panther and the boys off-ed their relatives), a slower, grinding tune which would point to the direction of the bands future.The final release on this awesome collection is the controversial, uncategorizable, genre-bending, psychotic, and genuinely disturbing "Black Dust" LP from 1985 (like "Place In The Sun" released on Blood Bubble Records). Some have dismissed "Black Dust" as YDI gone metal. I'm a heavy metal AND hardcore fanatic and "Black Dust" ain't a metal album. Just because something is crushingly heavy (riff-wise or emotionally) doesnt make it metal. "Black Dust" is a disturbed 11 track LP which sounds unlike anything else recorded up to that point(with the possible exceptions of the BLACK FLAG tune "Damaged" and SIEGE's "Grim Reaper"). The lyrics are violent, nihilistic, drug-addled, and the music sounds like doom-hardcore (like something GRIEF or EYEHATEGOD might have heard in their early years). I love it!!! There aren't any of the 30 second thrash-a-thons like many of the demo and EP tracks, instead the tunes are 3-4 minutes long and seriously painful with wrenching, over-fuzzed guitars (that at times sound positively wicked), brutal vocals, heinous lyrical content, and slamming drums. But underneath "Black Dust's" completely uninviting exterior lay an album of subtle brilliance and potentially WAY ahead of its time stylings. From a crossover perspective I think "Black Dust" deserves a serious re-examination and one could make a STRONG argument that it deserves to be recognized as a primitive death metal album (just listen to "Bloodletting", "Haunted House", "Get Out", etc.). I'll leave it up to each of you to decide for yourselves...Although, I think all (both hardcore fans and fans of early death metal) will agree that LP opener "Not Without A Fight" is flat-out awesome!Another aspect of this release is its simply beutiful 15 page booklet. It starts with a killer "reminiscence" of YDI by Tesco Vee (singer of the THE MEATMEN, Tough & Go Fanzine founder, legend, ABBA-fanatic, etc.). There are TONS of priceless photos of the band, multiple segments of interviews pulled from old zines, and most importantly the inserts and lyric sheets for both the EP & LP as well as the original artwork (not full-sized, but present), and countless fliers. This is the way ALL re-issue collections should be. It's obvious that this was a labor of love for those at Parts Unknown Records. Even the CD itself and tray-inlay are filled with fliers and photos!In conclusion, if you consider yourself a true 80's hardcore fanatic, or want to understand where INFEST, CROSSED OUT, NO COMMENT, SPAZZ, MAN IS THE BASTARD, etc., picked up some of their "secrets", or where current bands like CULO (and tons of others across the extreme hardcore spectrum)are continuing to draw inspiration, then it is ESSENTIAL that you add YDI to your brain-banks. And if you're a fan of extreme early-mid 80's American h/c bands like NEGATIVE APPROACH, KORO, SIEGE, DEEP WOUND, YOUTH KORPS '82, NEON CHRIST, VOID, SEPTIC DEATH, NEGATIVE FX, SUBURBAN MUTILATION, and tons of others, then you simply NEED YDI!!!! They'll positively pulverize you: body and soul.
I'm really mad at myself for how long it took me to actually purchase this. I'm a huge 5FDP fan and a huge Ivan Moody fan. I wanted to hear everything he's ever been involved with. I actually went for Ghost MacHine first and loved that. Now I'm listening to Motorgrater every day. I'm on an all Ivan binge until the new 5FDP album drops in one month!!! He's really great no matter what band he is with and this album is no exception. If you haven't listened to this yet and are an Ivan or 5FDP fan (or both like me) do yourself a favor and give it a go.
the download was good and got it at a good price. I reccomended it to my friends. will listen to it many times
Little Anthony and the Imperials were a doo-wop and soul group from the 50's and 60's and made their mark on RnB with trademark jams like "Tears On My Pillow."  That jam is one of my favorite soul jams of all time.  I love the true depth and emotion behind the tenor vocals.  It is also the perfect slower jam to cruise to in an old-school whip.  The harmony is awesome; what an alternative to the shallow club, "shake it girl, bump n grind" type of stuff on the radio today.  "Two People In The World" does the same thing for me.  The 2 jams were released around 1958-59, when doo-wop was at the peak of popularity.  A couple other jams here have a more upbeat vibe like the rock infused "I'm Alright" and the pop inflected "Shimmy Shimmy Ko-Ko-Bop," but for the most part, this collection shows their soulful side with emotionally drenched doo-wop jams perfect for complementing your love life, either the happy or heartbroken side of it.  I have an interesting side note, as a big fan of the Delfonics, a Philly Soul group from the late 60's thru the mid-70's,  the lead tenor and song writer William Hart was heavily influenced by and grew up listening to Little Anthony and the Imperials.  That is probably why there is the influence of doo-wop harmony in the Delfonics' early songs.  You can access that info on any reliable website or getting a greatest hits of the Delfonics with liner notes.
I Had the Cassette Tape of "Burn This Record" By The Lead in 1990 OR '91 and lost it years back. Been Trying to find this stuff for about 10 years now. than i stumbled on this looking at Amazon.com in 2010. What A Great Find! Complete Collection. This is Some Seriously Thought-ful and Raw Christian Noise, Epecially the Last 15 or so Tracks. A Real Keeper if yur into the things of God. HARDCOREFORJESUS YAAA!
The Hardest(in my Opinion)MSW release of the them all.Very good song writing(Lyrics found streaming in "Spider Player Pro" Version)intense scary sounds as I've come to expect from this Band...Really Good Stuff
Excellent album by an underrated German band. You can listen to all of their albums on their bandcamp page if you want to get a better taste of what you're buying.
Sure, there is plenty of nerve-fraying, Gynsu-sharp, brutally-heavy riffage and cybergrind-influenced beats to be found on Genghis Tron's second full-length (2008's "Board Up The House." But there are also actual, memorable melodies, well-structured songs, and innumerable twists, meticulous nooks and crannies, and curveballs. The New York-based duo stagger the beats, causing these eleven songs to have much variety, ranging from completely blown-out and chaotic grindcore to nearly danceable techno-industrial metal to Crowbar-inspired doom metal to Dillinger Escape Plan-worthy mathcore. And even some Tool/Dream Theater-esque progginess is mixed in for good measure. The end result is easily one of the best and most inventive, well-rounded, and ingeniously-written pieces of grindcore released not only in 2008, but in the past several years, as well.The title track has layer after layer of strong -- and, at times, almost symphonic-sounding -- keyboards and curiously clean backing vocals. (They are used as an afterthought, here, but still generate quite a bit of added ambiance.) The song builds well, gaining momentum off of itself until it hits a climax of brutal and dissonant, extra-scream-y grindcore a la early Converge. From there, the tune fades back down into cool, atmospheric techno-industrial knick-knacks. And it repeats this cycle again for the duration of the six-minute playing time. Needless to say, "Board Up The House" is one very fascinating and brilliantly well-structured piece, and a strong set opener. From ending with this moment of restraint, the album then jumps to the all-out, no-holds-barred punishment of "Endless Teeth," which is as heavy as a ton of bricks."Things Don't Look Good" intersperses some dreary, dreamy clean vocals into its mix of moshcore-style onslaught of huge breakdowns and chunky riffs, and does so to excellent effect. "Recursion" begins by luring the listener into a false-sense of security, with its soothing, cool, futuristic-sounding electronic sound effects. The band seems content with playing just this style of techno-industrial-inspired music, therefore taking the listener aback when the song adopts a sudden, jarring 360 degree turn by letting huge, doomy, wall-of-sound riffs blast their way onto the scene. "I Won't Come Back Alive" is kind of like the sister song to "Recursion" because it works so similarly. Beginning with really trippy, Pink Floyd-y atmosphere, before eventually morphing into heaviness with a crunchy, sludgy slab of guitar distortion, "I Won't..." is a terrifically epic, well-rounded, and unpredictable centerpiece."City On A Hill" begins as a piece of Agoraphobic Nosebleed-influenced cybergrind, with bullet-fast hyperblasts and skull-caving riffage. But the more the song plays, the more it turns out that Genghis Tron have more up their sleeve than just destruction of the senses. The song, with its industrial back beats and computer-esque beeps and clicks, actually borrows quite heavily from the Nine Inch Nails toolbox. (Indeed, the band clearly had Trent's remix albums in heavy rotation for a while.) Then, following the darkly psychedelic sound effects collage of "The Whips Blow Back" comes "Colony Collapse," which plays like a breakneck, utterly ruthless, lightning fast ambush of smoldering power chords, impossibly fast and pummeling grindcore blasts, and unnerving, lung-stretching, atonal, noisecore-inspired screams."The Feast" is like the above-described "City On A Hill" in that it proves that G.T. are deeper than most bands, and have more up their sleeves than just boring, lifeless blast beats. Sure, the song's drumming is clearly programmed, but there is a lot to enjoy, here: Like the guitar chops, for one. Indeed, "The Feast" is a very satisfying, Pig Destroyer-like riff-fest that is choking with one brutal, satisfying, Slayer-inspired riff after another. Then, following another brief (and, yes, kind of pointless) interlude track ("Ergot"), comes the record's closer, "Relief." It is a fantastic, dreamy soundscape that makes the listener feel like he or she is floating on clouds. It is heavy on industrial-worthy synths, but a melodically grumbling, electronic bass line also helps make sure of this, too.Genghis Tron are one of the best and most promising and innovative bands on the market today. And "Board Up The House" offers enough of the heavy stuff to satisfy any old-school grindcore purist, while simultaneously offering enough experimental innovation to appeal to non-fans. All told, this album might not exactly be commercially-accessible, but it is a really great and groundbreaking one, and one t hat is sure to catapult G.T. to the front of the genre's latter-day scrap heap.
Just got into Cybergrind and Nintendocore and this band plays this s*** awesome just love the production of the sound its great and the songs a just epic.Recommend to a Nintendocore fan or CyberGrind fand
There are undoubtedly thousands of black metal bands striving for that classic Norwegian BM sound of the 90s.  Unfortunately, most of them sound like copies or poor imitations of a great era.  Lj (pronounced roughly as "ill-you" and meaning "scythe" in Norwegian) is one of the few bands that has been able to capture that extremely riff-heavy, POWERFUL, evil sound while maintaining musical originality.This is the pinnacle of pure heavy black metal, with SLIGHT folk tinges in the riffs and a couple brief chant sections, in the tradition of similarly great albums of the past like Gorgoroth's "Under The Sign of Hell" and Satyricon's "The Shadowthrone." It isn't deathy per say, but the decent production makes it sound more polished than the albums to which raw BM listeners are accustomed.If you like the raw power of second-wave BM in the traditional Norwegian style, you will not regret this purchase.For fans of --TAAKE--, Sargeist, Immortal, Aura Noir, Frost-era Enslaved, and the high point material from Marduk, Satyricon, Gorgoroth, and early Mayhem
if you are a fan of 70's soul,then you cannot let this one slip by! I've known about The Delfonics for years! But i didn't really get into them until the Quentin Tarantino film &#34;Jackie Brown&#34; came out! This band really jams! And with this particular CD,I have to assume it's been re-mastered,because it sounds awesome in my car!! Which shouldn't be taken for granted! i have bought CDs in the past from the 70's and they still sound like I'm using 70's speakers! But not this one! All of the bass comes through,as well as their harmony. i don't know why I chose this particular CD,but this is it!! And for this price,you can't go wrong! Buy it today!!
Enjoyed this CD from start to finish. Memories of the late 60s, early 70s sounds the soothe the soul and made you want to be in love, if not already in LOVE with someone. It was a shame that the two brothers could not get along long enough to write more classic hits.
Great great memories!I saw these guys at Gaslight Square  in St Louis ( really) in 1968. They were Platinum and Golden even then!!!
this is a bit before my time, growing up my parents played a lot of rock & pop. as a teen aerosmith and van halen were big, then came the heavy metal phase of guns n roses and metallica. (yes, my hair was BIG) Despite that being the "cool" music of the time that my friends were into, I had always secretly listened to a variety of different music (rock, pop, punk, blues, motown, you name it)  But for some reason i was relatively unexposed to the delfonics music prior to the movie jackie brown coming out. I'm so glad that it featured the delfonics music and exposed me to more of their wonderful melodies. It sparked an immediate interest in them, i went to the store & bought up what i could find.  i have since been a big fan and get excited whenever i hear one of their songs playing.  their sound is smooth and mellow yet stirring at the same time.  it settles deep into to your mind & ferments, getting better & better each year  :)
I  thought I ordered the platinum collection and I never received it, I guess it was a hot item and every one like it as well as me.
I first heard The Fall of Every Season's "From Below" several years ago when it was first released.  I had a hard time getting a hard copy of the album living in the U.S. and though I'd pop "Her Withering Petals" up on You Tube from time-to-time, I never splurged and bought an import of the album due to the high cost.I recently discovered that Amazon had it for download, and although I don't usually download albums (I like to have the actual CD in-hand.  Yes, I am old), I immediately purchased it.There are 5 tracks on the album, but it still makes for a decently long listen, as several of the tracks top the ten-minute mark, and "Her Withering Petals" actually cracks fifteen minutes.  I have been listening to "From Below" almost exclusively for the last several weeks.  It's just that good.  There are moments that give me chills, as they are very beautiful, and there are others that make me want to break something (in a good way!), due to the sheer heaviness of it.The blending of acoustic Doom (almost folk-like in parts) with the Death growls and plodding, durge-like guitar crunching along with them really make The Fall of Every Season a unique experience that I highly recommend to anyone who likes either style.  The most impressive part is that The Fall of Every Season is a "one man band."  It truly takes a talent to pull this off, but he does it well.I understand that The Fall of Every Season has a new album, "Amends," that will be released sometime this year.  I can't wait.
I know nothing of In Mourning's previous offerings, but I'm glad this is the style they chose. As mentioned by all reviewers for their 2 cds here on Amazon, it is brutaly clear that they love Opeth and take a huge influence from them. Much of the material has a very derivative writing style from their Blackwater-Deliverence era production particularly. Is this bad? Heck no. They don't copy but instead make it part of their own style.Their songwriting style is much more direct than Opeth and doesn't include many acoustic or clean guitar sections, but I was astounded when I listened to the first song by their sensibility and uncanny ability to make everything flow so perfectly. It starts out with some somewhat unique palm-muted chugging, head's a bit into thrash territory and then breaks in a wonderfully melodic and fitting chorus. Soon after it takes off into one of their more "Opeth-inspired" riffs and some great interplay between the guitar and drums and then heads right back into the chorus of the song as if it were meant to be that way. If there is one major aspect of Opeth's writing they take away, it is making cohesive and sensible music. These songs have so many riffs, bridges, and breaks but they're never just "head-banging breakdowns" or something utterly pointless like you might find in a hardcore/metalcore band. There are even some well sung sections on this cd which makes me think their ultimate goal is to go the same route as Opeth; combine the brutal and beautiful dynamics of metal music into a perfect whole.The guitarists are very skilled writers as well as players. There really aren't any solos, but this is one of the few albums out there that I think would be ruined by having had them. Each song is a musical journey, not an exercise in virtuoso musicianship. This also brings me to their drummer who is exceptionally capable. He is creative and does not ever overplay. There are 2 songs where he plays a typical thrash tempo and hits some blast for the last bar or so and I've almost never heard a drummer do it so fluidly. He doesn't add the blasts to show off, but simply inserts them as a type of fill at the last bar of a riff and the effect is quite noticable and greatly increases the fluidity of the music. He knows how and when to use ride cymbals, splashs, and fills to the songs advantage, not his own. I'm very impressed with his ability to add to the music overall.This cd doesn't have any filler either, which in itself is amazing. I couldn't find one song I didn't really enjoy or say "Wow!" when I first heard it, and trust me, I really tried to. I'm not likelly to be taking this cd out of my player any time soon and can't wait to get their newest one. It's such a dynamic change in direction from most melodic death/progressive metal bands out there.If you love Opeth, buy this cd now, honestly. It's essentially Opeth meets Scar Symmetry or a more straight forward Melodic Death Band, but with production values and creativity beyond what you'll find almost anywhere in the genre.
You cannot go wrong with buying any KORN album. This was the only one I did not have so I had to buy it. Buying the Mp3 download is better because I do not use the original CD's anymore after I make a copy of them when I get it. That way they the original copy does not get scratched up.
this is just a gem. kevin's brutal voice/scream over a mix of hard metal and stonerrock. every track has it's beauty and power.  shame they only put out 1 record.  i say a must have.
Another awesome album by Dark Day!  I have all the rest of their albums...great band!I say buy it now!
Where have I been, that I missed this and slept on this one. In my extensive Google searches, it seems this band broke up a number of years ago, and boy am I bummed. After trying to get some idea who they where or where they're from, the best I can figure it out is that they were from Chicago, put out a few records and went on a lot of tours. I think they might've played the fallout boy once...Anyway, these are 11 of the greatest songs I've ever heard. I've tattooed two of the songs in their entirety on my forearms. Good thing they don't have a lot of lyrics.Actually, next month I'm getting two more songs on each calf.I listen to this record almost daily. And it's the first record that I've bought multiple copies up, which is weird, for a digital download.I recently met with a private investigator, who assures me he can find them. I'd like to have a meeting with them and to see if we can get them back together for at least maybe one last 7 inch.To sum it up, I love it!
I am newly born again and got ride of a lot (I mean a lot) of negative metal. Thank God for bands like this!!!!! Praise God!
I don't understand how a major label has not picked these guys up!  Musically and lyrically brilliant.  A well orchestrated album that maintains everything that has been lost in newer metal.
I was waiting for one of our internal apps to load for 15 minutes yesterday when I found this album.  After listening to the first few tracks, I had completely forgotten all my problems and also was able to speed up and slow down time with my mind.  Thanks, Dirt!
Follow up to "The Beat Goes On",  the Philadelphian, Pa. band has toured all over God's green acres since.  A very active heartbeat here as the sound structure is quiet then balistically explosive with lyrics shooting out across the screen at light speed.  Reality content of emotional nature but no hint of emo pussy crap here.  A very loud black metal sped up thrash appeal even a bit faster than fast Slayer.  The 11 songs time about 18 minutes but the production is crisp and the c.d. has a glossy page for every song booklet.  This is the artist from philly that is not the hipster and the rave party that is straight edge.  Very clever and very loud in a time where we are at our wits end we have cope sounds for relief.  Not crazy at all.  George Hirsch is a genius.
I've had Burning Time on the top of my CD stack since 94. This live CD is a dream come true for me and I think it is fantastic! Why don't you know these guys? You should, because they should be Billionaires by now.
great music, great sound what can i say i love it.wow cant wait for the next cd to come out,
I literally watched the Ravens grow from start to finish. To say I'm disappointed in their departure is an understatement, but if it wasn't meant to happen, it wouldn't have happened. Overall great album. I've missed these songs, but glad I found them! GREAT ALBUM!!!
If you like Technical Death Metal but hate the cookie monster type singing then you will like Indricothere. Colin Marston of Dysrhythmia, Behold the Arctopus, and Gorguts fame is the one behind this music.
Abysmal Dawn definitely has my attention right now. they have an ever-changing rhythm in their songs. their vocals and guitarwork vary from song to song. I have yet to hear a bad song. they are all good. if you don't have this album in your collection, this is the album to buy.
I when to see  Abysmal Dawn Exhumed Arkair and of course the legends of death metal Cannibal corpse. One of the best death metal shows.  Abysmal Dawn  played so hard they about blew my heat out of my chest. Abysmal Dawn WOW and there album is totally worth it
It's metal. It's fast. It's loud. It's brutal. It's very well done.The technical work on this album really makes it stand out for me. The structures and time signatures are all fairly complex and play well together.
these guys shouldnt be taken lightly. they just come at you with unrelenting crushing riffs and insane vocals. If you feel like blasting your eardrums apart listen to "as they burn alive" in a car with subwoofers. As they say "if it aint broken blast beat the F@#k out of it"!
I knew this band had allot of promise but holy smoke this cd is incredible! If you are a fan of system of a down, coal chamber, and deftones you should definetly buy this cd. Theres not many cds coming out these days that you can listen to all the way through but this is definetly one of them you can. Ill say again buy this cd youll thank be later i guarantee it!!!
I was already in love with this album when I seen it on Myspace (goes to show how long this was). I finally got a chance to buy the album.
the guy is an effing genius. listening to this, it's like he was Channeling Mike Patton the whole time, and doing it WELL!when an actor jumps to music, a lot of times we end up with a cd that sounds like an actor jumping over to music.. this album sounds like sonic gold.
The Crashtones deliver one fun-packed ride into Colorful of the Stereo. You can hear influences like Red Hot Chili Peppers, Dave Matthews, and others. Don't let this fool you, though--they're not a cover band and definitely have their own sound. Sam Witwer's masterful vocals take you from happy to ticked off to reminiscent and everywhere in between. Also, his wacky sense of humor shows through some lyrics. It's a great album and a must-have!
Heart Like A Gun is a great 80's hard rock album with a great woman rock vocalist, Fiona! Fiona has a great rock voice with alot of nice rasp! The music is great classic hard rock with stellar vocals from Fiona & the bonus is the second song on the album, a duet with Kip Winger from the group Winger, called "You're Sexin' Me"! It's a fantastic duet, where their vocals blend perfectly! MTV used to play the video for "You're Sexin' Me" quite heavily in the late 80's at the peak of Winger's success!
My headline says it all, great album and it has that hit song in it. this album is a must!
I love this s*** and have enjoyed almost every track a hundred times. If your into this type of music, get it. You will love it too
Since the previous reviewer gave an in-depth review of the mastering process on this record, I thought I'd actually review the songs and the music.  The short version is that if you like Meanderthal you'll like this too - Torche once again make hooks out of ultra-heavy guitar riffs, and make melodies out of sometimes-sung sometimes-growled vocals on top of them.  The mix is dense and heavy - but what would you expect?  The second track "In Return" is the fastest thing on here, and might be the best track; the slow plodding of Bring Me Home gives an epic foundation for its multiple vocal harmonies, and Rule The Beast rides a groove that Maiden's Run To The Hills might be scared of.  Overall, this EP feels more substantial than the 7-song running list suggests - and if the mix and mastering came out with a bit of extra sludge, the record is strong enough to hold its own from underneath it.
Great first album! Not sure why the other albums aren't on Amazon, but there are 2 more, with another releasing soon, and they just keep getting better!
Dead Sam Walking proves just why Misery Index is the best current U.S. Death Metal band. Brutal blast beats, killer riffs, and over the top lyrics. The acoustic track is a neat bonus. Buy or die!
Having been named the #5 best release of 2008 by Decibal Magazine, this little heard album has become much more listened to of late.  And for good reason too, as Conqueror is one fabulous album.  Although heavily inspired by Sabbath, Indianapolis, IN based Gates of Slumber still manages to keep their own voice while laying down some excellent doom/stoner rock.Vocalist and singer Karl Simon lays out some excellent guitar work across all the songs (he's a good singer too). The rest of the band, Jason McCash on bass and Bob Fouts on drums, are very capable as well, but it's Karl's show and his fuzzy power chords and his bombastic (and early Sabbath like) vocals are what this album is all about.An excellent album I would recommend to anyone.
Whenever I get the chance I always recommend this band to fellow musicians and listeners alike. The band employs powerful depth to even the most simple of progressions, with their music really capturing the essence of the band's name (Not in a negative light either...) in that the music seemingly has a subliminal force driving it through the riffs. Whatever it is, it captures the very themes of the song names and provide such a smooth flow to the structures of their songs, to be honest it's difficult to ascertain without taking a listen for yourself. It's been a long time that I've ever been engaged by a song from the newer selections out there within the metal genre.Plenty of "good" metal being released nowadays that have a habit of giving me ear fatigue and my eyes glaze over as their riffs start pounding away AT my ear drums. The songwriting, production, and studio work from this album however, keeps me actively listening every single time I pop their CD into the stereo...Buy it. Just do it. Don't be a tool worrying about sub genres of metal. This is music well deserving that simply can't be restrained by a label...
The only problem here (for me) is that it's a &#34;cloud&#34; thing.  I don't have the equipment stuff to do that, so I am giving a 5star due to loving the music from the video game.
this album top to bottom is a masterpiece.grinding, emotional, honest, and a breath of fresh air.as with their other albums they once again fuse creative lyrics catchy melodies over non trend following rock n roll.this band is the truth.if you are tired of cookie cutter rock and metal bands All Parallels is what you are looking for.
A Must have for all thrash/death/speed/punk/ metal fans. This album grabs you  by the balls instantly with "alive and angry" and never lets go. A little disturbing, a little funny, great music and great vocals. Hot buttered  anal will be a houshold name by 2009. Bob Cocks is GOD !
Very well written music. Thoughtful, heavy, intense. I will definitely get more of their music in the future.  If you like progressive death metal, then give these guys a try!
I got this record because I like fretless bass. I like it a lot in heavy music. I got this album just to hear Steve play.
This little-known Canadian band was hard to find on the proverbial map.  I read about them in a popular music review blog and decided to go check them out.  Google searches brought back loads of internet pages referring to books and movies, but nothing on a canadian metal band.I felt better about buying the album after visiting Quo Vadis' myspace page.The album turned out to be great.  It does seem a little thin on the production end of things, but the musicians play with remarkable technical skill.  It should be noted that this isn't your typical technical death metal band in that they are more melodic than most of thier peers.  Don't get me wrong, because this isn't comparable to Dark Tranquillity, In Flames, or At the Gates.  Think more along the lines of Aletheian or Augury, though these guys are just a shade more melodic than Augury.Defiant Imagination is an album that is chock full of great riffs, fun leads, and memorable guitar melodies.  Yet, what makes this music great is the culmination of all four main elements of the music into one heavy package.  This is an impressive album.  It isn't the heaviest in the universe, but it doesn't have to be.  If you like extreme metal of any variety, do yourself a favor and pick up this album.Word has it that Quo Vadis is working on a new album that was originally slated for an early 2010 release, but here we are almost halfway through the year and we have not seen it yet.Defiant Imagination gets 4.5/5 stars.  It is a worthwhile metal purchase.
These guys are out of Spain, and I haven't heard any better from a new band in eons.  I love this album!  Please make more!!!!!
This is by far, the best band I have ever stumbled across.  Not to mention, this album is fantastic.A comfortable blend of melodic and black metal, although they tend to bend both genres to extremes.Songs are catchy, riffs and beats are simple, yet brutal and worth remembering.I'm disappointed that there are only 4 songs on this album, but it is a must have.
This is a great album.  I would recommend it to anyone.  The only fault is that after it was downloaded to the cloud player I couldn't get it to download to my computer.
If you have never listed to Gargamel! before, then beware.  It's not like any other music.  It's hard to classify, and I wouldn't recommend it for everyone.That having been said, Gargamel!'s level of talent is unprecedented for a local/regional act.  Their work encompasses such a wide variety of sounds and styles that I honestly don't know what to compare it to.  All I know is that I can't get enough of it.Try to imagine heavy metal, jazz, rock-n-roll, industrial, electronic, and a bunch of other fun stuff all wrapped up into one package.  The music is classy, nasty, and insane.  The guitarist is incredible, the guy on the synthesizer is wicked fun, and the lead singer "Mandaddy" is a dynamic super freak show.  One minute he's soothing you with a smooth cool voice and two seconds later he's ripping your face off with an intense guttural scream.  He goes back and forth between the two modes, and hits everything in between.The lyrics can be quite disturbing if you try to take them seriously, but it's all in good fun.  Evil babies are a recurring theme.  Troubles with relationships are frequent topics.  Strong sexual overtones permeate their work.  It's a great time.This album is very good - it is the first one that really sounds like Gargamel!.  It is a high quality production, mastered and leveled well.  If you like any of their other albums, I do not think you'll be let down by this one.  But I believe their 2007 album "Fields Of Happy" is most representative of their ability to rock, shock, and entertain.If you ever get a chance to see them live, it's an incredible show - Just look up some of their YouTube videos or check their website.  Sadly though, I don't think they are touring anymore.There are a thousand reasons why I say Gargamel! is one of the greatest modern day acts - Certainly one of the most awesome heavy bands you've probably never heard.
This is the first record I played on my new turntable and will be always at the forefront of whatever is to follow.  New school loud hardcore from Ma. which everyone labels as melodic which I disagree with and people try to even label The Carrier other ways but lets just say this will blow the cotton out of your ears.  Jay Maas on vocals here who plays guitar in Defeater.  Defeater's "Lost Ground" sounds good after listening to this.  Lets just get past people's warped opinions and enjoy some nice powerful music.  I Rise is another good band to play from Ma. with similar sound and objective.
Amazing album omg, For those who can handle the hardcore this is for you. Fast guitar, heavy drums, and moshtastic voices pick up this album.
I have this number and i would like to say that i just love it! And i know you will, too. I strongly recommend that you pick it up forsome good Halloween fun NOW. You will not be disappointed. There will be multiple playings! A Must - Have !!.
I got my hands on this a long time ago, I loved it from start to finish! Hilarious but extremely well produced. Talent & entertainment abound on this recording. GG Allin does some drum work on this if you're a collector!
I really like this CD, which surprised me due to the name of the artist. Don't judge a book by its cover, Iguess. I love "Catch TheRabbit" beacuse it has an Indian sound (dot not feather indian), and it speaks realistically about betting on the greyhound races. Fun!  Some other good cuts too, like silly "The Seal Song" and "Throwing Rocks at Cars."  Who hasn't felt like doing that?!
Being a true Ryche fan from day one I was heartbroken when Chris left the band. His writing and guitar talents were very evident and even more so after he left the band. I remained loyal but they were never the same. This project gave me another dose of his talents, as did the accompanying musicians, with a well written EP. Greats tunes, vocals and guitar work!!
Kansas City's HUNDRED YEARS WAR deliver their pummeling debut album, Nails For Teeth, the perfect modern illustration of a three way Helmet/Quicksand/Unsane head-on highway collision...Nails For Teeth is the ultimate exercise in explosive post-hardcore! Stacked with shifting, lurching rhythms, caustic vocals, bruising bass lines and razor-sharp riffage, HUNDRED YEARS WAR is fixed to pulverize."...your skull is going to seep gunk when you hear it. That's right -- gunk." - PITCH WEEKLYRIYL: HELMET, QUICKSAND, UNSANE, JESUS LIZARD, MELVINS.
This EP is so rad! It has 7 extremely concise and short thrash hardcore songs that shred! Reminiscent of Negative Approach, His Hero is Gone, Unsane, etc., and members of the band have all been in other awesome bands as well (Discordance Axis, Anodyne, etc.). If you get the 12" then it comes with the CD! The sleeve art is great too. The vocals are brutal, but it is nice that you can understand the lyrics. So much power violence type stuff is unintelligible, which is fine, but this is a good change. Highly recommended.
FRANK'S MOTHERS OF INVENTION * THE ARK comes with a bit of art work, but no liner notes. It's a rare glimpse of early in-concert Zappa. Recorded in 1968 at Boston's "Ark" using three stagefront mikes, audio clarity is remarkably good. Frank indulges here in a few amusing intros between numbers.THE PROGRAM:Jimmy Carl Black (the Indian in the group) vocalizes "Big Leg Emma." Zappa calls this effort "warm-up trash before we do something HEAVY.... something a little harder to listen to." He refers to the album's most unapproachable piece, "Some Ballet Music"-- a very avant garde work, to say the least.Next, the band takes an audience request for "Status Back Baby," then Frank provides lead vocal on what he says is their just-recorded 'B' side, the doo-woppish "Valerie." It's a song "that should have a limited type of appeal in the pure grease market." He continues: "The other side of this charming teenage record is a tune called: 'My Guitar (Wants to Kill Your Mama)'." And so it does!All these songs are prelude to the set's highlight: another audience request, "King Kong" which is preceded by the always amazing "Uncle Meat." The band's synchronicity on these complex numbers is quite impressive.Fans of vintage "Mothers" may buy this CD with confidence!TOTAL RUNNING TIME: 51:50Also recommended:UNCLE MEAT(1968) - Originally a two-LP set, it features such Zappa classics as "Cruisin' For Burgers," "Zolar Czakl," "Dog Breath," "Mr. Green Genes," "Sleeping in a Jar" and "Electric Aunt Jemima."
And a great show, too. Probably not what I'd select to initiate someone into the world of Zappa, but if you are familiar with the albums Uncle Meat, Burnt Weenie Sandwich, and Weasels Ripped My Flesh, and like those records, than you should like this. The sound quality is exceptional for a 1969 guerilla recording, better than some official releases form the era.
Great music. Who wouldn't love this collection by Zappa and the Mothers. I think I got this with Amazon points.
We Are The End's music has amazing breakdowns, and the lyrics are great, and catchy. I can't wait for them to release an album, because they haven't put one out yet. These two songs are amazing. I think they are one of the best deathcore bands there is. Their breakdowns are very catchy, you'll get hooked, and you'll listen to these songs over, and over again, I've been doing it for months, and I am still not tired of them.
I bought this album as well as &#34;Drunken Violence&#34; years ago and lost this one. This really brings back memories.
A great album and a fantastic deal.  Classic power metal, you won't be disappointed if you are into this genre.
And that's just what this is. Akasa is magic. Just listen and prepare to be engulfed in sound. This is why I love music.
This is an excellent heavy album.  They have yet to put anything bad out.  Christian has a unique voice that has just incredible sound.
Beautiful , melodic , dark metal . Great use of violin . If you like My Dying Bride ,The Gathering , and similar bands , you would definitely like them .
This album is what thrash metal is all about.  Pleased to see new bands still have the true metal spirit.  From the opening track Fresh outta hell about the best video game of all time Doom I knew I was in thrash metal heaven!!! Hail Vindicator!!!
One of if not the best ep's I have ever heard amazing quality, complex, just awesome. Buy it!!
Well these guys are considered technical/melo death but this EP showcases more the technical side with excellent songwriting abilities. Well produced and every instrument is heard, this is great EP to start with if you're looking into these guys.
I love these guys. It's so worth it. Also check out their two newest albums, and they have a third one on the way.
Allegaeon is an amazing band and so far not one track has disappointed me from this album or from their other albums Formshifter and Fragments of Form and Function. Trust me you will not want to skip this band.
This is one of the best EPs I've ever heard. This band is way underrated IMO. Every metal head should get this EP. Allegaeon kicks ass!
this is so brutal.  love this record.  but you gotta see the band live to truly understand.  theyre like... 4 dudes who just got released from prison and decided to start a hardcore band.
Yes! "XXX" is the 2nd cd of unreleased demos that Junkyard recorded before being dropped by Geffen Records back in 1993. And, 16 yrs. later, it does not disappoint.It begins w/ a classic introduction by legendary scenester Donny Popejoy. From there, you get 11 great tracks. Including a 2nd version of "Staredown," "Can't Pin That On Me," "Death Kiss Morning," the hilarious "Don't Give A Damn" & a solid cover of The Clash's "Should I Stay Or Should I Go."Once again, Junkyard have outdone themselves. And these are only demos! Junkyard is always going to be a wonder in my mind. As in, how did they not become monster rock stars? Timing? Their record label? Did they shoot themselves in the foot or shoot too much dope? I just don't know. Maybe that's part of their charm. But they'll always be one of the best rock bands around between '87-'94. Do yourself a favor & go get this record. Pop open an ice-cold Lone Star & enjoy.
I picked up Aeons of Eclipse's CD from CDBaby from a sale; it was an album to pick to round out the qualifications for a special discount.  A CD just to tack on.  Little did I know that I was picking up a gem.  This album had me headbanging from the moment I popped it in.  The production is amazing as far as how unknown this band seems to be.  They hail out of Kentucky and they kick ass.The opener sets the tone for the album which leads into my favorite track "Right Hand of the Beast" which is chock full of heaviness.  I just cannot describe the music in words but more so the feelings and emotions it stirs up.  Always brutal, something always going on, vocals that absolutely soar.  The vocals are actually extremely well-done, low guttural vocals, high pitched screams, and some vocals give chills down your spine.The title track is a great way to finish the album and the track before it, "Infested" features some of the best guitar work on the album.  In short, get this album now.  It's absolutely worth your purchase and the band is worth it.  Get it, you won't be disappointed!
WOW i never thought an underground death metal band could rock this much!!! This album has it all, and its finally here on AMAZON, a trusted Web Site to Purchase Mp3's. I would recommed to Purchase all Tracks so you get the Full IVEBEENSHOT Experiance. These Guys are so HardCore, I promise No One Will Be Disapointed, Best Album of 08. Period.
If your interested in the Van Richter label, Mind Ripper is what you seek. If you haven't heard of Van Richter, it may be because of its small size. The label has been careful to pick some of the best to sign and distribute here in the US. These are all exclusive remixes too. Testify and Sielwolf are the loudest with their severe metal potency - Testify uses thick guitar and I think Sielwolf does too underneath all the noise and bumpin' bass beat. Plastic Noise Experience provides a more subdued encounter, slower beat dark analog music - the days of the Klinik. My personal favorite, The Fair Sex, reveals an admirable style of electro dance while maintaining the intensity of a harsher sound. Also included is a hidden track by Van Richter's latest signing DHI. Death and Horror Inc. will hurt your ears, but you'll like them! This comp is bound to compliment any number of listeners.
Being a fan of both Celtic rock and folk, and melodic death metal, this album has a lot of everything I love! It's brutal, it's melodic, it's got strong song writing. And above all, the musicianship is spectacular!
I actually don't like demos (usually).  But this, this is a massive effort from the band! Heavy, dense and laden with intricate guitar work, drumming and fantastic vocals. This is where they pulled it together and started working on their sound.  Not as polished as the EP or their album (both of which I own and have reviewed) but excellent nontheless!
Extremely experimental sounds and arrangement with anger to the people that hurt other people; this album is strange in sounds yet such sounds provide the expression sought by this band. I recommend this album, especially for the student of music. In particular "Arabic Dance", "Bush Condemned", "Jeopardy Ver. 1", "Tongues Of Poison", and "Deceit".
Let me first say that I am a fan of Katatonia. Both their earlier work and their current work. Naturally when I learned that the lead singer of Katatonia was in this band, I had to check them out. This album is sure to appeal to fans of old Katatonia, however it is not a clone of that band, they are distinct. The music is breathtaking and emotional. The lyrics and heartfelt and personal. All-in-all any doom metal fan, or metal fan for that matter, should at least give this band a listen.
Holy Bloods The Patriot album is by far one of the more harsher albums it has much more harsh vocals and the production in my opinion is almost black metalish instead of folkish like on their Sun Rising album (which by the way was epic) it has very harsh guitar rifts and the drumming is very clunky like out of tune of something like that but still amazing.all n all a Great AlbumRecommend to any fan of Folk Metal or Christian Metal
I really can't get enough of Avantasia - have yet to hear a bad or even average album from them.  I can't even pick a favorite off this album, they are all so great.
love all of these five songs. really clever songwriting, killer musicianship, and Sherwood is just an outstanding vocalist. If you haven't heard this, you must
Hail to the mixing and production Devils, the balance, the alchemy, the horns up ascension is here. After a decade of trying and failing to get into death metal, hearing only Cookie Monster at a construction site, I found this beautiful package and a prime example of what makes Metal so great because rather than in spite of the abrasive bits. The secret is not more or less 'brutality,' the secret is more better musicians, the secret is that the best metal will be as complex AND as catchy as the best classical works...unfortunately the guitar riffs are just SO good here that it makes their over drummed and voxed self-released full-length sound like any death metal band, rather than the exceptional one featured here.
This band is the heaviest band i have ever heard. they are amazing if u want to work out to it, it is not your normal music. they scream non stop. they dont say anything, only screaming.
don't know what they're calling this genre today to me its hardcore.the way i like it fast hard political funny and goes quick.i was suprised to see it here.so i immeadiately picked up the single .to my suprise it had a cit from each band.amazon then offered the full length.i then grabbed it up.and keyed it up.it was hard fast dirty and fun has alot of short songs.you have to listen hard or you'll miss it magrudergrind the better of the two bbands .you really have to listen to tell the difference.a well worth it addition to the collections one of the better energy drinks out there.from the home of r&r relapse
This is an awesome sampler! I've been a huge GG Allin fan for years, but when I heard the other bands on this recording, I was sold. A great underground listener, unique and awesome. Highly recommended.
This Stuff is Intense and Thoughtfull and has Serious Depth. The Musician-ship is Crazy Good and needs To Be Heard by more People.Way Better than most of the slock out their.In Fact I Like Everything I've Heard From this Band. Don't Let The Vocals Scare you Either. Best Discovery since Mastodon or Something Similar, though this band is Different from them. MSW is Excellent and very Gifted Musician-ship. Five Stars!
PabloTake TwoOne of the most interesting CDs to cross across my desk in the last little while is a true stoner classic. This is the type of CD that you don't expect too much from at first, but as you listen to it you start to get engulfed by its various trips and beats. It's impossible to label the sound of Take Two, as underground L.A. artist Pablo changes gears and genres track after exciting track. Given a chance each song seems to work well on their own, but by the CDs end you will have captured a full psychedelic experience. MLSKUNK MAGAZINE April 2009 / Vol. 5, Issue 1
Really love this Band and album the dudes voice is just insane and unique and the music is just hardcore old school Black Metal but the only thing I don't get is this bands album is considered the first Norwegian Black Metal Record from Darkthrone member Fenriz which I don't get. But its still a awesome and hardcore album.Recommend to anyone or fan of old school Black Metal
These guys are extremely talented. They mix metal with electronic and the vocals are insane! Love this music, it adds so much spice to a grey metal scene. this music is so much fun and entertaining. the drums are insane! This band will be playing on my mp3 player for years and years. CLASSIC
I wasn't sure about the album at first. I previewed it quickly through Amazon. I heard a couple sections on some songs and thought "what the heck, why not." It turned out to be a well worth the $. It's a great mix of electronic beats, screaming and, melody. If you like anything in the realm of Hansel und Gretel, Wumpscutt, even Rammstein, etc. Then check this out if you haven't.
This is another Knokator album full of comical lyrics backed by the solid musical abilities these guys have.  Some tracks are hard and metal some soft and melancholic.  It&#8217;s hard to pick a favorite track here but if I had to pick one, I&#8217;d have to pick &#8220;Ein Liebeslied.&#8221;  If you are a Knorkator fan, this is an excellent album to add to your collection.
Can't get enough of this band. I wish they had more. This is one of the best Gothic bands in the world. Keep themcoming, please!
I am late for work so my review will be very short. All gothic/melodic/pop-metal lovers - just get this CD. If you can... After listening of samples on amazon, I immediately downloaded this album. An hour later, here I am ordering the used CD. Such albums do not come across very often. Lyrics is very good. All songs are very catchy, refreshing, just plain terrific. I agree with previous reviewers, if I only could get my hands on their debut album "Nocturnalight". It just doesn't exist!!! Nor does the MP3 of it to buy. To sum up, buy "Second Rose" & "Nocturnalight" albums without any hesitation. I am a big fun of Lacuna Coil, but Domina Noctis bits them to the punch. It is just that kind of music that has to be in every audiophile's music collection. Enjoy as I do!
I never would have heard of this fabulous Italian metal band, had it not been for Amazon's "people who made the same purchase as you also bought this other musical release" blurbs across my screen. (I am a goth metal fan, especially liking Leaves' Eyes, Nightwish, Autumn, Delain, Echoes of Eternity, Elysion, In this Moment, The Murder of my Sweet, UnSun, and Within Temptation.)  So in this case I give a thumbs-up to capitalism, and to the female-fronted metal of Domina Noctis!  :P  Their singer has a unique and appealing voice with a fantastic range, although her occasional soprano belting seems more a natural crescendo to the music than any sort of operatic posing.  Their songs are catchy and strong, without being overproduced, sappy or devolving into overly-commercial fare.Now if only I could actually get my hands on their first release, Nocturnia....
I was searching for new music using the last fm player and this band popped up in the list of bands that sound like what I was listening to.  I listened to the samples here on amazon and was hooked so I bought the digital download since the physical media isn't available.  If you like softer side of symphonic metal then these guys are for you.  I just love music and in particular the various genres of metal and I'm very impressed by this album.  I listen to bands like Stream of Passion, After Forever, Lacuna Coil, Nightwish, Unsun, Epica and Within Temptation just to name a few of the well over 800+ artists in my library.  Give these guys a listen and see for yourselves how good they sound.
Love this band. Great album. Hope to find more music by them. The first song of this album brought me in and got me hooked. My style of music. Love it!
Found this little gem on a listmania site and really like it.  Give it a listen and see for yourself.  I have it in heavy circulation on my MP3 player and it is great to use as exercise music.
This is one of those albums where the more you listen to it the more you enjoy it.  You don't have to be a metal fan to like this group.  Good music, good vocals.  My baby shot me down was just the icing on the cake.
In my search for new music I came across the album and almost passed it up. If you like Delain, Within Temptation, or Nightwish, you will get a lot of enjoyment from this album.
I would have never known that this group even existed if it wasn't for Amazon's personalized &#34;RECOMMENDED FOR YOU&#34; that they have at the bottom of the page.  The album cover art was sufficiently interesting for me to look further--that's not always the case!!!  But when I explored a bit and played some selections (thanks again, Amazon, for your preview capability) I decided it was probably worth $7 to buy the album.  I wasn't disappointed.  They are a very good group without a lot of the harsh screaming that sometimes accompanies Gothic-genre rock.  Pleasant listening and will make great music to listen to for either active listening or even as background music when playing video games.All in all, they have a very good album.  They won't replace Nightwish which is my favorite in this genre, but they are definitely interesting and enjoyable.  BTW, several other reviewers said they loved this group but couldn't find their first CD ('Nocturnalight&#34;)  anywahere.  I even saw the physical CD listed with one seller for $199 USD!!!  I, of course, looked further and found it for sale on MP3va.com.  They sometimes have hard to find albums that don't make it into mainstream seller's inventories.
If you like Rock And metal, Melodic Rock & metal; especially bands such as ; Within Temptation , Nightwish , Delain, etc , then this Cd should blow you away , Period.This is the 2nd album from Parma Italy based Domina Noctis.Their first album "Nocturnalight" is also a great album , with strong vocals and lyrics by singer Edera, and great music laid down by guitarist Asher. ( Nocturnalight is also a "must" listen )On their new cd "Second Rose" Domina Noctis starts it all off with a very strong song titled "Electric Dragonfly" It has a techno style intro that leads into a great steady hard Rock guitar driven song.This cd flows very nicely, with great vocals ( Edera ), great guitars ( Asher ), and a Really solid rhythm section ; Bass ( Azog ) Drums ( Niko ) and Great keys ( Ruyen ).Songs 2 and 3 , Untold and Into Hades , are awesome as well. Song # 3 is a remake of "Because the Night" originally written and recorded by Patti Smith in 1978 ( co- written by Bruce Springsteen )Because the Night like Electric Dragonfly starts with a techno style intro , and gives the original a big boost!Lamia and Sisters in Melancholy are up next. I believe i had heard the first recordings ( demo's )of these 2 songs on Domina Noctis' myspace page , they were great then , and sound even fuller now!Next up  "Second Rose" continues to flow with ; Broken Flowers , Exile, and The Mask. I can't say enough about this cd , I love Music , Rock, Hard Rock , Metal , Symphonic Rock/Metal , and this cd gives me personally everything i want.This cd finishes off with "Bang Bang" ( a bonus track ) Edera's  Vocals really shine on this track , and the music is structured VERY solid!In ending, as i stated at the beginning , if you love Rock , Metal, Melodic Rock / Metal and bands such as Within Temptation, Nightwish , Delain and others in this Genre of music, i believe you will love this cd "Second Rose"Just one music lovers opinion !  Horns Up!
This album is great from start to end.....great guitar riffs! I wish I would would have found this earlier....looking to buy more from this artist!Highly recommended.Rock on!
Any Americans travelling to the Philippines should be familiar with this band. Doing so will help you fit in. Princesa is almost a national anthem especially in any bars with a live band.
This cd sounds unique from alot of stuff I buy. Musically, I hear Sevendust, Disturbed, and some older influences too. Vocally, Margaret Young has a unique style, that goes from Joplin to Stevie Nicks. She also sounds similiar to the Guano Apes singer. Solid consistent songs, not a bad song on the record! My favs are The Path, Maybe, Half of Me, and Can't Breathe. Pick this band up cuz it won't be long before you'll be hearing more from them.
Awesome band, music is great.
Even though this C.D. is more melodic than I usually listen to, it's still awesome.
The Divine Madness is well known for their unique background music and haunting vocals. The lead singer Victoria Mazze has a wonderful angelic voice that she has the ability to pitch up and down with the music while the band is a mixture of classical music, 80&#8217;s New Wave, and even some influences from film composers &#8211; such as Danny Elfman and Daniel Ingram.
Great mix of Saddle Club songs! Luv that it's digital, easy to transfer files to phone music playlist & listen on the go! Makes a great Saddle Club album to start out with! Wish that it came with linear notes though. Great value!
this is an awesome album from beginning to end. no filler on this one. high levels of musicianship, polished band sound, and great song structures. highly recommended.
Just recently came across CoT, and was really impressed the first time I heard them.They are a much needed , POSITIVE sounding rock group.For Christians looking for an alternative to secular ,negative sounding rock...I don't think you'll be disappointed. Can't wait to hear more!
I ranked this as my #2 Metal album of 2009...it is just stunning from start to finish...good mix of harsh and clean vocals, nice and melancholy, melodic, and really heavy at times, just great stuff.
AWESOME MUSIC.  I have no idea why this music was never out there.  They are ridiculously good.  They remind me of Sevendust in an alternate universe. lol
I saw a review of this record and picked it up. I love it. It's a mix of great dance pop with really cool lyrics I end up singing all day.I really like it!Sam
I few short reviews for The Mercy Untold from other places:"OMG this CD is amazing, I'm actually at a loss for words...Looking forward to more from the artist ""Sounds great! Metalcore + Melodic = Awesome! Can't wait for more ""many thanks. this is a wonderfully fresh album. there as so many metalcore bands out there that all sound like the same crappy band. this is a great change, and i love it. i will share it with everyone i know interested in the genre. great stuff!""Guys, you have returned my faith in new metalcore. I haven't heard anything this good in so long. I am spreading the word about you to everyone I know. Enjoy the success that will follow."
A very rare sole album by powerful and talented hard rock outfit from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which was around since 1968/1969. Some music guides and multiple reviews on the Net compare the music with Black Sabbath - it could be only if one didn't listen to the album, didn't hear Osbourne & Co. (unheard of before, but happens often nowadays),or rolled one with heavy staff from Kandahar instead of usual mild grass of Acapulco. Bolder Dawn found its inspirations on American soil in the same sources as Grand Funk, Creedence Clearwater Revival and, to a smaller grade, Blue Cheer. Their music has no repetitive and menacing harmonies of Sabbath - it has hope (although they are quite able to belt some fearsome tracks).  Bolder belongs to a lesser brethren of American hard-rock (see the list below, which I advise to check) who didn't make it, but they were good. Most references would mention also impressive live shows predating shock cabaret of Alice Cooper - again, when Screaming Jay Hawkins was around, one didn't need any European influence (and, by the way, Finchley Boys -Everlasting Tributeswere also known for using theatricals).The musicians were: John Anderson (vocals, rhythm guitar), Glenn Eaton (guitar), Robert Eaton (drums), Ron Reffett (bass). Early line-up (before 1971) also included Marc Gaspard on keyboards and Dean Noel on bass.Bolder Damn very fast built itself into a very tight and self-confident act on stage, which used to open for national headliners touring in Florida.In 1972 the band recorded this awesome album in Hyperbolic Studios of their hometown ; the session lasted for 4 hours only, and no tricks of the trade were used -  it is almost live recording. No more than 500 copies were pressed on a private label (Hit Records International HRI 5061) featuring an impeccable minimalistic artwork. With more than convincing LP under their belt and unrivaled musicianship, Bolder Damn was ready to conquer America. But...John Anderson and Ron Reffett were drafted, and promptly dispatched to Vietnam -  they either didn't listen to Steppenwolf's "Draft Resister", or didn't get the message. Although even King Solomon in his wisdom was not able to guess the thinking of the Army (if there was any), but I would have been grateful if instead of talented youths being  chopped off,  they would have damped into the swamps near Khe Sanh  or Hue record labels executives, music critics or managers, and other lice on the pubic hairs of the Muse.The title of the album turned prophetic, because nothing was heard of the band since - and I would be extremely grateful if someone will drop me a word or two about them after Vietnam.Almost 30 years after the first vinyl pressing was made, the album was resuscitated by Rockadelic (thanks mainly to the tapes saved by Glen Eaton), and re-issued then on Void.A pirate CD by Erebus might be still around too - don't miss the chance,it's not usual crap available on every corner.Whatever you'll find - buy it, because that's a powerful testimony of American cultural heritage.And check the lesser brethren:SwampgasSwampgas; StonewallStonewall; Mount RushmoreHigh on//1969; Tin HouseTin House; IotaIota; PrivilegePrivilege; ChristopherChristopher;Head Over HeelsHead Over Heels- there is no space to mention all of them
This album kick major ass and needs to be heard by the entire world.  If you like thrash metal and funk, you will love this.
From track one you know these guys mean business.Grabbing your ears with an original sound,a groove that will make ya wanna move.A powerful vocal approach and the band backs it up big time.If your a fan of Sevendust,Pantera,Megadeth to name a few youd love RWA.I can imagine this band just levels crowds with the live performance,myself i cant wait to find out.Make your ears happy pick up a copy of Low End Head Stomp,youll thank me later.
I used to see these guys at a club called Mabel's in Champaign Illinois. They kicked my ass every time I saw them. If you want to know what Rip-Hop-Soulcore-Crush is , check 'em out. You won't be disappointed.
Okay, I know that this is some type of heavy metal semi-screamo stuff... I don't know all the current music "labels".But listen to me!!!  If you liked the music of the sixites & seventies, such as Yes, The Who, Rush, Led Zepplin, Captain Beyond... you know, quality produced rockin' technical musicianship... Buy everything that This Fires Embrace has put out there.  It is truly excellent and amazing stuff.  Yes, there is a little screamo in there... but who was it that yelled into the microphone "They're all wasted" back there in the seventies?The best thing about these guys is they love the Lord.So you are not Christian? So what, I challenge you to listen to these guys, they are excellent.
Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
I love this album. Granted I am an Industrial enthusiast. If you don't like industrail music, or at least metal, this probably isn't for you.
"Eye" is a new Swedish AOR band and "2 Hearts" is their first EP. The band features lead singer Ivve Hoglund, also of hard rockers "Pretty Wild", led by guitarist OZ Osukaru ("Osukaru"); the line up is completed by Mathias Rosen, Jace Fevero and Rob Degen.The case of "Eye" is very interesting; In terms of performance and songwriting ability the band can be clearly put in the same league as "H.E.A.T". What differentiates "Eye" is the somewhat dark atmosphere that songs like "Without you" and "Restless dreams" put across, leaving a bittersweet taste to the listener.Each song on this EP is magnificent, bass and drums are blended perfectly carrying out mid tempo tasks, the guitars and keyboards deliver major but melancholic melodies and Ivve's subtle performances increase the drama on this release.Hope to see a full length album soon.Fans of AOR have got to hear this, the atmosphere is unique. If you bought "H.E.A.T" and "Pretty Wild" then this is definitely the one to get next.
This cd is a keeper. Each track has it's own original take, even the metal songs, show their talent. The song on the keyboards are very original.
13mg .. It's original Old School Chicago Industrial Music (Now referred to as Coldwave, and by some as Industrial Metal) ... Led by former Ministry member and Grammy nominated, Juno award winning Producer/Composer/Engineer Howie Beno on Vocals & French Horn along with Felix Miklik on Drums, Programming& Guns; Max Edgin on Guitars, Sitars & DeProgramming; Cornelius Boon on Electric Bass, Uprtie Bass & Blades; and Joe Callahan on Guitars, Noises & Pedal Steel.  I religiously went to their concerts back in the 90s.  They always put on an amazing show.  Let&#8217;s just say I&#8217;m a huge fan!If you don&#8217;t recognize 13mg by name.. You might already know Howie Beno from his work with a plethora of artists including:  Austin Brown (Nephew of Michael Jackson), Big Time Rush, Black Asteroid, Blink, Blondie (Debby Harry), Care Bears on Fire, Chemlab, Dearworld, Depeche Mode (Martin L. Gore), Dermot Lambert, Diane Birch, Dionne Warwick, Douglas McCarthy, Gary Numan, Grace Jones, Grace Weber, The Jonas Brothers, Katy Perry, Kill Lizzie, Little Jackie, Material Issue, Mika, Ministry, Monster Voodoo Machine, Motor, Prude, Razorhouse, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Sheep on Drugs, Skrew, Stella Soleil, Stereomud, Three Six Mafia, Tom Jones, We The Kings, Xecutioners and Xzibit.They&#8217;re currently working on a new album&#8230; I can&#8217;t wait for its release!~Neferast~
Every song on this album is great from Devoid of Right to The Sleepless to These Medieval Times We Live In, they are all great!!!
Mystic Prophecy has taken over the throne of power metal. Fireangel is some what a continuation of satanic curses with some new elements. While some metal bands take their music down a notch. M.P. takes it up several notches. Soaring vocals, exploding drums, burning lead guitar and solos. Extremely brutal dual axe attack. This is what Atilla the hun and other barbarians would have listen to if metal was around in the medieval days. Fans of vicious rumors and iced earth should check this album out. The over all production and sound quality is brillant. True metal in the purest form.
An visionary guitarist who's writing goes from guts and glory arena rock to well thought out melodic journeys that roller coaster your  senses from the speed of light to slow motion free fall ! Andy now has a long awaited Guitar Academy that's finally up and running.
First time I ever heard of Andy James was on "In the Wake of Chaos" which in its own right is a very entertaining, well produced record! Now, "Kaos 7", as far as maturing and growing up as a musician goes, should really be the direction this great guitarist should explore from now on. Kaos 7's calling card is the great playing and very dense compositions that really highlight both Andy's great prowess and unconventional approach to songwriting. Great listen which I highly recommend to all fans of instrumental guitar rock, especially new progressive guitar instrumental rock. Buy it!!!
Another great effort from Andy James. Excellent compositions and flawless execution. I have seen his Lick Library videos and when you watch him play something like Malmsteen's "Far Beyond The Sun" live you know he is the real deal. He reminds me the most of Joe Satriani, but his rhythm and riffs beneath the lead parts are heavier which I really like. He technique for lead is beyond belief and the song writing is great. My only disappointment with this is that it is only 4 tracks and I wanted more.
Downloaded in MP3 format; easy and sharp as expected.  Andy James has recently become one of my fave guitarists!Buy it-you will NOT be disappointed!
I agree w/ Scott.  I also have his Lick Library DVDs and they are excellent. But his performance on Machine is absolutely brilliant  and shows he can write and play his own songs as well as teach.  This CD has excellent grooves, hooks and powerful playing.
I am a big fan of Andy James and have several of his Lick Library videos as well as his previous CD "In The Wake Of Chaos" and this new CD is as good as that or even better in some respects. The playing is still as brilliant and inventive, but he uses a wider variety of tones and effects on this effort. One thing I especially like is when he brings it down and does a ballad type song he doesn't blaze away with a million notes a minute like some very technical players would do. Instead he builds a really strong melody and lets that do the talking. My only complaint is that the lead guitar seems kind of buried in the mix and a little muddy on several tracks, but that might be the MP3 files I downloaded from Amazon and the way they were ripped. Overall this is a fantastic effort and I still can't believe Andy James is not more famous. Too bad he is too young to have been part of the 80s guitar hero wave that produced Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Paul Gilbert and the rest. He easily stands up to any of them in talent.
I had been holding out on getting this for nearly two years now waiting for the physical CD version to come out.  Well, I have had enough waiting and succumbed to getting it on MP3.  Note to record companies... some of us do NOT want to buy MP3s, we still want CDs.  In many cases, if MP3 is the only option, I will NOT BUY!!!  I can only imagine that Supermercado has lost some potential purchases from this being only available in MP3 format.  Not everyone wants to get their music that way... not to mention, only being available in MP3 format means the only way many people will learn of this album is via searching for themselves on amazon or itunes, etc.  Maybe it is just me, but that is not the greatest way to showcase a new release for people to find it.Ok, now that I got that out of the way (and I was being PC, my real feelings on this subject would be rated R), lets talk about Supermercado.  I am a long time fan of Mindbomb, Daisy Chain, Pivot Man, and Supermercado, basically anything that Matt Mercado has done in the hard rock realm.  To me, Mercado is a genius songwriter who just has a knack for really hitting the things I like in catchy melodic hard rocking music.  First off, with Mercado's official band releases you always get great sounding recordings.  This is no different, even on MP3.  The mixes are great, and mixing is another thing that Mercado excels at.  Everything is clear and yet blends together as a set.  The guitars are crunchy and yet very tone-ful.  The drums and bass sit nice in a rock oriented mix and the vocals, as always are super great.  I have always loved the sound and approach Matt uses with his voice.  What I am saying here applies to pretty much all his work.  Supermercado as a band features just top notch playing at all positions but with an emphasis on Mercado and Gregg Potter (his fantastic drummer).  Potter is harder to appreciate from the recording than he is live... a ball of energy, but still he does a very solid and tasteful job on the recorded drums that match the songs.As for the album, to be honest, it hits me a little less than the first Supermercado release did.  I think its a touch laid back in comparison.  That said, listening to these songs, I think there is more subtle things going on in the music that you can find as you listen and that makes then growers.  Some of the songs are a little lyrically strange, but I attribute that to Matt's unique style and natural humorous side.  What I do find the same as always is that the songs are catchy and enjoyable to listen to and leave you looking forward to hearing them again.Segue is an old Mindbomb song that I have a story to go with.  I remember catching a Supermercado show and talking to Matt once after and mentioning how I loved that they included "SEEG" in the set.  He was like... "cool"... pause..."... its actually pronounced 'Segway'"... much to my horror (i.e., looking like a dumb ass).  He doesnt say 'segway' in the song... and being a home musical hobbyist, I guess I just didnt know all the proper musical terms.  So, nice... talking to one of my idols, and I show that I dont even know the proper pronunciation of one of his songs from my professed favorite album of all time.  He was quite cool about it... and hopefully if nothing else he got a chuckle out of it, as I do (from an embarrasing point of view).  Anyway, Segue here is very much the same song as on the Mindbomb ST release, with a few sonic editions that neither hurt nor help it compared to its prior version.I think the only thing I lacked in this album compared to others is I found it harder to have any particular song that stands out to me as my full on clear favorite from the album (if pressed I would choose Answer Me).  But, I do really like them all and still consider this an A level release, and in fact, find I like the songs better in their studio form than I found them live, for those I have heard live (Love In Outer Space, Out of Time, etc).  Sometimes live renditions of songs you do not know yet do not hit the same, but I am happy to find I like them more here than I did on first live impressions.  For those who know Living Colour's Cult of Personality, Supermercado do a fantastic rendition of it here... its great here, but their live version is even greater due to the energy the exude while doing it.Not sure what all to say about individual songs here... I like them a lot, but more than anything, I just like all Mercado's work and I greatly recommend any fan of hard rock or metal to investigate and learn of his work.  One of the biggest shames in the history of all music is that he is not a household name... he is more than good enough to have attained that.  I hope Matt will continue to deliver new music along side his studio production work... he is too great a musical talent to not be heard more of.
i don't care if they love the music so much they have to play their music. i just want the real band. i want to download the actual band i am looking for. sure they can play the music well. and if i was drunk i would be into them. why would i buy their music when i can have the original?  cover bands should be seperated from the bands they idolize so we the buyers can find what we want too...
I love it!!  The music great.  I would highly recommend this.  If you are into retro, then you need this CD
Anubis was hanging out one summer, slow roasting crocodile liver over some coals, knocking back a few beers and air strumming along to some vintage Billy Gibbons when that a-hole Baal from across the way tried to impress all the chicks in his hot tub by jacking up his built in sound system, cranking out Yseult's intro to Black Sunshine from Sexorcisto Vol. 1."Turn that crap down you f'in backwater wannabe!" he shouted."Come over here and make me, Puppy Chow!"The fight that ensued raged for days, and showed no sign at all of stopping. Jesus Christ looked down, took pity on the poor bikini clad Baal groupies growing ever wrinkled, too scared to leave the hot tub, floated down on a cloud and said to Anubis, "Ye, hath not White Zombie numerous hard core killer riffs?"Anubis could deny it not.And so Jesus turned to Baal and said, "Also, can it not be said that ZZ Top is blessed with an intriguing dirty southern grunge?"Baal agreed it was true."So then, let us not fight, but create." And Jesus Horus Christ then raised his hands, pointing at Anubis' headphones, Baal's deck built sound palace, fire and light, brimstone and butterflies, doves, bat wings and ravens, engulfing them all.Behold then, reader, a conflux, a genesis! Graveyard BBQ: Equal parts ZZ Top, White Zombie and divine inspiration. Every song wicked, dirty, and glorious, building to a divine crescendo as the last three tracks split the Earth agape and crack open the sky; demons playing Candyland and angels watching MMA. Take your genres and shove them. If this stuff doesn't get your blood pumping and your fists clenching there's plenty of John Tesh at the bottom of the Wal*Mart bargain bin. Choke on it.Long live the BBQ.
My hairband loving husband loves it. He grew up in the eighties and has never left the music behind. This brings a smile.
I do not agree with the first review at all. This is a perfect collection for people who actually like these bands and have still listened to them over the years. The re-recorded version are awesome. They are stripped down, real sounding versions, not the over produced versions we loved in the eighties. The sounds are more raw and show the chops of these guys. I love this CD and hope they make a few more.
Haivyn is a high-energy band that reminds me a little of some 90s bands.  Lead singer, Denise, has a voice that ranges from softly soothing to angrily scratchy and intimidating, all of which gives Haivyn's music a wonderful edge that I find very appealing.Elegantly blending tempos, instruments, and voices, Haivyn isn't afraid to try something outside the box and doesn't let themselves be defined by a genre.  For example, their song Move-On has a kind of Tool vibe to it, while their song Filthy takes on a softer, Smashing Pumpkins type feel.For very brief moments I find myself wanting to compare Denise's vocals to that of Agent M or Aimee Echo, but that would be wrong, because Denise has a voice that is unique in her own way.  While many of Haivyn's song feature her scratchy, somewhat intimidating vocals, she is also able to keep it soft and mellow.  In fact, from what I've heard, she is able to use the full spectrum of highs and lows, sweets and means, hards and softs.For more go to MarsBands.com
Its so hard to find a unique sound but this is it.  No matter what music you like, you'll enjoy this!
In the tradition of alternative metal inspired by older Alice in Chains, you canNOT go wrong with this release. Just above reproach -some good alt. metal!
I listened to this album at the request of a family member and found it to be a whole lot better than I expected. Though only nine tracks long, it manages to cover a lot of different moods and feels as it builds towards a comprehensive climax. It includes tracks reminiscent of "Yes" (particularly "All Good People"), serious metal tracks, and even a few fantastic tracks with a surreal tribal beat, obviously a wide spectrum.The instrumentals are very well performed and recorded, and it's the great taste w.r.t. effects that really allows the album to move in the way it does. Mr. Serafine's a talented and well-rounded musician, and the execution of the album is very good at least.On the downside, the album starts out slowly. While the first track is quite enjoyable, it's not until track four that we as an audience really see the power behind Serafine's work here. Furthermore, despite having a great organization behind the album, no tracks segue directly, which takes away the biggest cue from casual listeners that this organization is even present.I would also suggest a name change: the actual organization of the album combined with the... exciting... nature of the later tracks (and the smooth, relaxed final track) lead me to want to redub this album:Serafine;Record of an Orgasm
Sounds like cross between GODSMACK, AIC, Early Seattle Sound/Grunge. I only listend to the samples but was very impressed. [First Impression].
One of my favorite local bands from my youth. Glad I found this. Great to hear them back at it. Wish I could get all the older stuff. ;) hint hint.
Crazy lyrics, but fun to listen to. Even though you WONT be able to understand a dang thing they're saying. Ive been listening to these guys for a while. This is their only album which is sad. but anyway this is a good album :) No complaints.
ok take a break from the typical stuff you listen to for a few minutes and at least even listen to a sample of this, because i garuntee you will buy it. After finally hearing the EP, i couldnt be more impressed with these guys. they have recieved both praise and intense negative critisism, which always happens to a band who invents a new sound. and i mean invents. yes, this is unlike anything you have ever heard before. its incredibly brutal, but not brutal in your typical crunching your f-ing face in kind of way. this is incredibly clean well sounding and pruduced utter guitar, bass, and drumming havoc. the drumming is so intense, if i hadent seen these guys play before i would have thought it was a drum machine with how incredibly smooth and rediculously talented the drumming is. and a blow out feature....an amazingly sic bassist! and ofcourse, the guitar playing in this is unlike ANYTHING i have ever heard before, even in some of the most dramatic death/grind bands such as even braindrill and necrophagist. just buy it you will see.
Great music and legendary vokillist KAM LEE make this album a classick! YOU NEED THIS ALBUM!!
A Hardcore & Death/Thrash/Progressive Metal band hailing from Seattle.  Their music is solid and vigorous but yet melodic and not cluttered or rushed.  It is a continuous onslaught; every song is excellent.  It is also one of my favorite albums to listen to while working out.I would like to see this band get mainstream attention and reviews; they have what it takes.  Check out their music and videos on [...] and also on their MYSPACE page.
This is an amazing black metal album. These guys have created their own sound while still keeping a heavy extreme metal base. This album is even a bit spooky sounding in places. Also this group has some amazing biblical lyrics.
I actually bought this from another vendor (payplay.fm) but found this album entirely inspiring and full of cut throat "piratey" music that I had to rep on Amazon for it.  I have been looking for "pirate metal" and this album really takes the cake and you can feel the aggressiveness associated with what life sea faring piracy would be.  The instrumental acoustic breaks in between the plundering are freaking amazing.  This album is epitome of a pirates.. I did find Alestorm (didn't buy just saw on YouTube) before finding Swashbuckle.. but Swashbuckle IMO makes Alestorm look like a bunch of land lubbers!My metal history = Slayer mostly and I find Slayer to be not as adrenaline pumping now that I have found Swashbuckle.
I was unsure what I thought of Swashbuckle when I first heard 'Crewed by the Damned'. Now I can't get enough of them. This new album keeps it going. Cruise Ship Terror and Bringin Scurvy Back are my favorite tracks.
This album is a great work of art. I don't dislike any of the songs, and was amazed how much work they put into them. Although there are only 7 tracks, the shortest is 7 minutes and yet none of them drag on. There is also some great storytelling in the songs, including one where a woman is becoming possessed by some dark force. The female vocalist's beautiful voice creates a great contrast with the aggressive growls of the other singer. Definitely worth the money.
This is this bands 2nd Release, and it's Pretty GDmn Good!  If you like a Rock with punk rock sound, these guys are about to perfect it.  To give you a spin, White Punks on Dope (the Motley Crue version) Rocks....these guys are like that, times 10! Great Band name, great sound, and great album covers!  Down this album asap (finding the disc isn't hard) I just couldn't wait for mail-that's how much these guys Rock...Saaaaaaaayyy Whhhhat!
I recently got all 3 parts of these &#34;series&#34; and they are all excellent. The style is that of 80's metal where it rocks hard but you can still understand what's being said. What makes these albums better is that they are based on Norse Lore or Sagas and these songs are accurate to these stories as well. Well worth the purchase.
Another classic by a great band. No filler tracks but some tracks are masterpieces. Stand out track is thor but the rest the rest of the album is classic material
Deep Purple is a preeminent rock band of the late 60's and 70's. If you have ever been to one of their concerts, you would know what I mean. They are classic British Rock showmen. This compilation (I wish &#34;Hush&#34; would have been included) is an excellent selection of their greatest hits. I thoroughly enjoy their music.
I have been a big Deep Purple for years and finally wore out my old vinyl albums. I finally decided to get some MP3's and this one album has many great songs. It's not a complete Deep Purple collection but it more of an appetizer to some.
Welp, Over the top Brutality. Ingested is one of the most brutal, sick, perverted bands Ive listened to, but still able to make out what hes saying."Feel the sh*t in your throat, you will die a fecal choke" &lt; If that made you smile/laugh, then buy this.There's not much to say but these guys are insane, but withstand-able.
Wow, these guys rip it up!  Best death disc I've heard in days.  Truly vile lyrical content. Crazy drums (same drummer from Annotations of an...) and killer vocals.  Agreed with the other two reviews, the drums are a bit on the loud, but YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS disc if you are at all into death metal.  These guys make Whitechapel (my other fave. band) look like choir boys.  BEST DEATH BAND OF '09 AND BEYOND!!!!
These are some of the greatest songs from the era. The list of artists covering them like Ronnie James Dio, LA guns, Ian Anderson, Chris Squire, Kip Winger, Great White, Lisa Loeb, Starship just to name a few. All did a great job with their covers. I love cover songs done by great musicians.The price is right and you get 52 songs from this download only "Album"I'll just mention some of the standouts (Good or Bad) in my opinion.There is a lot of Journey on this and most of it good but not different enough to make much of an impact. Tommy Shaw sings open arms so perfectly it's crazy weird.There is a lot of Styx on this and most of it is bad. The one exception is lady because I was really taken aback by it.I don't think it qualifies as "Hair Metal" but "Aqualung" and "Living in the past" By Ian Anderson are amazing reworks of his songs. If you are a Jethro Tull fan you should get this! You won't be disappointed.The cover by Great White of Stairway to Heaven WOULD have been one of the best covers on this. but they did it live and a few A-holes at the concert did that annoying loud whistling through the whole song. what a bunch of jerks. We get it-you recognize the song now sit down and shut the hell up! they ruined a great performance. When I go to concerts I go to hear the artist, not whistling. why do people do that? do they think the band is up there thinking "wow, I really appreciate you interrupting my ENTIRE performance! thank you so much for that!" I doubt it. Same dumbasss crowd ruined "all my love"Am I alone in this view?I feel better now.I have never heard of the Quireboys but their version of Lady made do a double take. I was like "What the heck!,What a train wreck!" It is quite different from Styx's version and it was so weird I couldn't stop listening to it. Now I like it. The contrast between the lead singer (who sounds like he is dying) and the people singing the chorus (Who sound like angels) is so completely opposite it actually works. at least for me.I love Dio! R.I.P. He did Dream on and it gave me shivers when he sang the lyrics "Sing with me, if it's just for todayMaybe tomorrow, the good lord will take you away" The good lord did take him. Our Loss. This song is a must have for all who love metal!I would have never thought Sweet Child of Mine could have been by any one but Axl and Slash but Gilby Clarke nailed it. It's almost spot on. But it's not different enough for me to make it special.Goodbye to Romance was done very well by Lisa Loeb I did not have high hopes for this song and it surprised me.Kip Winger amazed me with that piece o crap "Holding back the years" He hooked me with the intro. It sounds like he is singing through a CB radio. A nice change up that made this song enjoyable.Stone cold was a disappointment. Joe Lynn Turner  sings this the same as he always has. Nothing new or different. I had high hopes for something different.If there is one song that is the opposite of hair metal it would be the classic Cream song "Can't find my way home" That said the House of lords did a bang up job with some great  picking and then rocking it out in the middle. It's fantastic. New, Fresh, incredible rework of a Classic!"Babe I'm going to leave you" has a special place in my heart. It was the first song that I discovered on my own. no input from anyone so I have high standards for this song. It's a perfect song in every way. I don't know much about Doane Perry but he sang it with such passion it gave me goose bumps. I was very pleased!Another song that I have high standards for is "More than a feeling" Brad Delp's (R.I.P.) voice IS the reason this song is so good. This version by Alan White did nothing for me. I can't listen to it.Seriously, Does anyone even know who Leif Garret is anymore? Since he is on a path of self destruction it's great to get as much of him recorded as possible. He has a great voice and I always thought he should go the prog metal route. He'd be great at it. He did a great job of "Home Sweet Home""Space Oddity" by John Waite. Snore.If you ever wondered what the rolling stones would sound like with that 80' sound that they never  were able to capture in Emotional,Tattoo,Undercover, Or Dirty Work then listen to this version of Ruby Tuesday by Chris Thompson. I have never heard of this guy. It almost sounds like 80's Rainbow. I still haven't decided if I like or not. I haven't skipped it yet so who knows.If you like covers like I do you should check out Dream Theater. They are the masters of great covers. They did entire album covers of Master of Puppets, Dark Side of the moon, The number of the Beast, And Made in Japan. Other fav's of mine are Summertime Blues by RUSH and Smells like Teen Spirit by Tori Amos.Official Bootleg: Master of Puppets-Dream TheaterOfficial Bootleg: The Number of the Beast-Dream TheaterOfficial Bootleg: Made In Japan-Dream TheaterOfficial Bootleg: Dark Side Of The Moon-Dream TheaterSmells Like Teen Spirit (LP Version)-Tori AmosFeedback-RUSH
This is another GREAT BAND that is not well known. I sure hope they come out with another cd REAL SOON
This band puts out a ton of stuff and none of it gets diluted or boring EVER!  This is by far one of the most consistently awesome bands that puts out nothing short of top of the line killer heavy metal.  The cd under review here is another example.  The song that best describes this cd is the track "Crossroad Overload."  If you are familiar with this band they have had the same pattern with the narrator and the whole "Metalium" theme going.  On this they get away from that and deliver a more "heavy metal rock" type album that has good crunchy riffs and nothing too fast, just pure heavy rock with some great hooks that will keep these songs in your head well after hearing them.  Like they are at a crossroad and want to do something a bit different and deliver a new twist in their saga.  I really dig this album.  Possibly their best yet and they just keep getting better.  This is the most reliable heavy metal band in the world.  Kinda what you'd like your woman to be so with this ring, will you be my....lol.The singer Henning Basse Is possibly one the most entertaining vocalists in metal history.  I put him up with Geoff Tate [Queensryche], Michael Kiske [old Helloween], Alan Tecchio [Hades], Bruce Dickenson [Iron Maiden] and Ripper Owens [Priest/Iced Earth], if that helps you out at all.  His range is boundless and hits the highs that will scramble your little brain into a dish similar to what you get at Waffle House.  So, belly up and get this cd for yet another helping of killer heavy metal!
As you can see there is a lot of AC/DC which to me is not heavy metal but I like them anyway. There are plenty of other songs for variety. I do play guitar and love to just blast lead guitar all over the tracks. Builds skills. Also they are perfect for Karaoke singing. Get a partner and do vocal harmonies. That is so much fun!Most of the tracks sound surprisingly almost exactly like the original song meaning they are not just a bunch of cheesy midi circus sounds trying to mimic a song. They are actually very good.I do wish the music was more true to HEAVY METAL and not just hard rock. I like metal and was hoping to find this exact thing with much heavier songs more like God Smack, Drowning Pool, Accept etc......
I like the sound of metal music, but I often don't like the singer, or the lyrics of the song.  This product was perfect for me, because it is simply the instrumental part that I prefer.  I like this album very much.
oooohh sh**. who cannot love this? take out your brain, kick it around, soak it in ether and jam it back in your head.
band shows some real talent..from the bad ass drums to the melodic bass and the strong guitars..you can hear the faith and dedication in the vocals and beats.
This is an album of all the original songs that were in the new Tom Cruise movie.  I wanted to have all these songs but didn't want to have to put them together myself =) It was great to find someone else has already done so!
this is good work out music, downloading the music was easy. great for my daily work out . happy holidays
Same songs as the movie but the actual bands singing them. I love the movie and I love the 80's.
This album is epicness to its fullest. The band knows how to balance out the harmony, melody, and rhythm in their songs. Blazing solos, fast drum work, killer vocals, and fresh sound. Can't go wrong with this band.
After 3 years of owning this album it is still one of my top albums to listen to whether its in the car, on a portable device, at work etc. The music is pure talent coming from the speakers, a great all around album from top to bottom. I am awaiting the bands next album dropping in 2011. Cannot wait!
Support underground metal because it's the last real music out there. Manditory is an amazing underground band that is better than 99% of s*** that is out right now. I would try to name some bands that these guys are comparable to, but there aren't any. They are truly original, extremely talented musicians and they know what metal should be. If you are a fan of any kind of metal at all, BUY THIS ALBUM! You won't regret it.
The genre that best applies to ASG is hard to pinpoint, not entirely punk, stoner, metal, surf or strictly Southern-flavored rock, it's a blend of all of the above and the 2005 album "Feeling Good Is Good Enough," the band's third, is the best example of this synthesis of styles. Purists of any one of the music genres cited above will scoff at ASG... I'm no purist. ASG may not speak to the angst-ridden teenage boy who lives inside me and will prefer Repulsion, Exhumed or Napalm Death, but it certainly speaks to the woman who grew up in rural America listening to bands like Cheap Trick and M&ouml;tley Crue on the radio. Asked to qualify its own style ASG said, "If we had to classify it... we'd say we just play loud" and "we're definitely not emo" that alone is a positive point in my book.Short history of ASG: Formed in 2001, the three piece punk-metal fusion band of North Carolina surfers was initially lacking a singer until guitarist Jason Shi stepped up to the mic. And it's a good thing he did, his voice is perfectly suited for the band's style, he has a Southern surfer-dude twang, and I particularly love the raw-edge of his voice on songs from the album such as "Yes, We Are Aware" and "Going Through Hell."With Andy Ellis on bass and Scott Key on drums, the group signed with Volcom in 2002 and released their debut self titled, largely instrumental album in 2003. An album with a handful of excellent tunes namely "Comosaguas," "Once again" and "Cowboys and Indians" that carry heavy, distorted riffs that are ASG's trademark. Initially called "All Systems Go" (until they found out that someone else already had that name) ASG took on another guitarist, Jonah Citty after recording "Feeling Good" and their last album in 2007, "Win Us Over" is consequently richer guitar-wise tending towards Queens of the Stone Age or Black Tusk, with whom ASG released a split album in 2009.In all honesty my only real gripe with "Feeling Good" is that it comes across as being a tad over- produced. I have only seen ASG live on video, but the edge they have on stage seems lost in the studio and I find that unfortunate. I would hate to see the band slide into a sort of commercially-accessible pop limbo where daring is not rewarded. The split album with Tusk in 2009, produced by Phillip Cope of Kylesa, reassures me that this won't be the case and that ASG will continue to dive even deeper into the type of unclassifiable rock that makes them stand apart.
classic old school death metal from the early 90's!!! killer riffs, vicious vocals, thoughtfull arrangements and heavy as hell !!!
Though this album has been long since deleted from Drowned Productions, I am glad to finally hear this album. It comes across as a heavier, dirtier, more blasphemous version of Incantation, mixed with some Suffocation/Morbid Angel style blast beats. I remember hearing this the first time in 1995 and was indeed very impressed with their musical style. It is one well worth hearing.Onto the music. This is not a full-fledged album, but rather a compilation of demo and 7" releases that was pressed onto CD for Drowned Productions in 1995. Out of the 9 tracks, there honestly is not a bad track to be heard. They range in tempo from slow and brutal to exceedingly fast, There are also a few black metal touches with the vocals and some use of keyboards for atmosphere. All in all, this is one gem from deep underground worth hearing.Imprecation is still going strong, and recently they signed with Die Todesrune Records. If all goes well according to their website and Imprecation's MySpace page, they should have a new album coming out sometime in 2010. I can appreciate their music because this was definitely one of my favorite CDs before I mistakenly sold it. Also check out Blaspherian...ex-Imprecation members with a similar style of music.
Ive had two copies of this CD and both got scratched to hell. These songs are classics. I remember the days at New Era and heading to their room to watch them at practice. Wes Weaver has some great guitar work here. Mark's vocals work perfect when i get in that mood!Good to see this available!!!
Mobile Slaughter Unit is a totally awesome two-piece from Seattle. This single is killer. Eschaton is an excellent song that will stick in your head. Its heavy and punky and awesome and driving. Seriously check this band out as soon as possible.
Egypt is a modern rock band hailing from North Dakota, USA... In this day and age? Had remnents of early King Crimson with devastating Iommi style riffs. I'd give this album a 10 if I could... AWESOME!
I've just got to spread the word on this obscure band!  If you love all things Doom and Sabbath then you will enjoy this E.P.  4 songs of atmospheric three-piece DOOM ROCK.  Great for Wino / Obsessed fan-boys.  The band is gone but the music lives on!
This band is a rocker, and a keeper. Recommend this CD to anyone who like the Gothic artists.Keep them coming!
I have just about given up on music these days. Im always trying to discover something good. I found Elysion and they are incredible. Just bought their new album and the hardest thing is figuring out which one I like the best. I love this band.
Came across this album while puttering around looking for new music. I've been a big fan of Evanescence and Within Temptation for years, so I guess it's no wonder I ended up here. Naturally there are similarities, but this group definitely has its own unique sound in a genre that is becoming more and more mainstream. This is my go-to album, and I hope to expect a new one from them in the near future.
This was a very well concieved debut form this group, and I like the style of vocals and the Instrumentation of thier symphoninc metal sound, hard driving, and well produced.  They although are not one of my very favorites, they are amoung some of the best new Symphonic Metal Bands and thier sound is addictive, and great.
I am very hard to please when it comes to orchestral metal bands. I adore Nightwish, Wthin Temptation, Sirenia, Stream of Passion, etc. These guys are my new fave. She has an intense and technically amazing voice. And the music is slightly strange and wonderful. THEY ROCK!
Let me start by saying that I'm not to crazy about Dark/Gothic/Swedish opera Metal. I like it from time to time, listen to 1 or 2 songs & that is it. This band got me hook from the start. Their sound is thick & heavy but at the same time fluid & smooth, very well produce. A great mix of different sound elements are arrange in such mater that make them sound full & larger-than-life. Her voice is beautiful but powerful at the same time. The preview clips on this page don't do them justice because their melodies are not repetitive so the clip that you listen to is not the whole song. What I'm trying to say is, give the a listen and judge for your self. You can check them out at their myspace page were the have full songs. [...]A well deserve 5 out of 5!!!
Great band with great music.  Not as heavy as I thought it would be, but this is the first album I bought.  Melodic some songs and just overall very good.  I can listen to it all day.
EDIT on 4/22/2012.Still loving this album. Everything I said below still holds true after many plays.-----------------------------I'm a huge Nightwish fan and have always loved Tarja's voice.  It has a pleasant power that a think a lot of the other female fronted metal bands lack.  I have to say that I didn't expect to hear anything that I liked as much as that until now.This album is strong throughout with a lot of catchy songs with strong melody.  I made the comparison with Nightwish but I can't say that this is metal per se (and I'm a metal head from way back) but the singer's voice is so beautiful it just pulls you into the music.  If you want an album for technical guitar wizardry you're not going to find it here but who cares.  These songs are enjoyable to listen to.  The guitarist uses a more bluesy solo style and the band often makes use of keyboard and synth elements but it's not depressing like some of the more goth metal which is why it's difficult to categorize their sound.  The only reason I could think that someone could compare this to gothic metal is that the song structures are similar and the rhythm guitar has that same shredded legato sound as goth metal does.I really like this.  I normally don't even do reviews on albums but this one was different enough for me to want to review it.  I keep coming back to the singer because she's so good.  She has power in her voice like Tarja but without the operatic element.  The rest of the band has good musicianship but it is clear who the star of this group is.  This is a very strong first album.  I'll be waiting to see what they come up with next.I'm writing this review on the first play-through of the album so I'll try and come back for an update if my impressions change after a few more times listening.
I came across this band looking at "customers also bought" here on Amazon.  I really like it!  Very energetic and melodic, beautiful voice.  Reminds me most closely of Delain.
It's a real pleasure listening to this album. I love the music and the vocals. I stumbled upon this as I looked up different bands that Amazon suggested. Great catch!
I just recently got into different types of music genres. I have usually been mostly into vocal trance and other instrumental music. However, I recently bought an album by Within Temptations and this came as a recommendation. And I have to thank Amazon for this album is amazing. The singer's voice is simply amazing. Graceful, yet powerful. I wish this band had more album to purchase as I would buy them all. My favorite track by far is "Don't Say a Word".
While checking out the band "All Ends",Amazon had a list ofrecommendation. So,I flipped through the list and saw this band.The cover looked cool,so I clicked on them and then listened tothe disc preview. Then order them, Thanks Amazon"KEEP UP THE GREAT JOB!"
Every song on this album is good. If you like the samples, you'll love the full songs. There are strong vocals and great rocking melodies. My personal favorite is "Dreamer" which is fairly simple, but really rocks.There is just the female voice -- there is no male "growling" or death choirs like in some metal songs. For some people, that makes a difference (either good or bad), so I thought I would mention that.I look forward to more from this group. I recommend it.
Being an old rocker or maybe I should say a music aficionado loving all types of music, I love coming across new bands. These four artists from Greece have a good solid sound for Goth Metal/Alternative Metal genre. You may say they sound a little like Evanescence, maybe, or perhaps like Lacuna Coil but Elysion has their on sound. Nice deep heavy bass, kicks and Christianna's voice makes it all work.If you like all types of music like me or you are only into one genre such as Goth Metal, ya gotta give this band a listen. I'm really into two of the tracks Weakness In Your Eyes and Erase Me.Check 'em out, like your mom used to say, "How do you know you don't like it till you try it!".
Parkway Drive have toured the world and 50 lions well I don't know but somehow I got into this band reading wiki links,  maybe it was the Blacklisted wiki link saying they toured with 50 lions in Australia for the sweat fest.  50 lions latest most polished effort yet kind turned me off at first but now I could play this anytime.  I drove across 149st. in the Bronx playing this once and felt very powerful and moved.  Hardcore which stays pretty disgruntled in a way to encourage better conditions.  The previous album "Time is the enemy" rages all the way through but also has a nice rhythm but a little more sped up.  The vocals on this are as if he put on 20 years between the two releases.  They get a certain sound out of their instruments in a tweaked out way which is cool sounding like in a Blacklisted way.  In case you don't know, Blacklisted are a Philadelphia band who use experimental sounds in connection with ballistic rage hardcore that sounds normal with a lot of rhythm.  50 lions don't do that but definitely have a hot I'm dying of thirst here in Australia could you please give me some water feeling.  The split with Down to Nothing is also done well not sounding like this but like "Time is the Enemy".  Down to Nothing always sounds like their not going to give up, give in, or compromise, but win; don't even think about running our lives.  Hardcore always in the vein of standing hard, proud, strong, and together to fight whatever is wrong in attitude, crew, and song.
This is a show i used to listen to on a cassette for years until the cassette wore out.  Never could catch a rebroadcast of it on KLOS so i went with just the memory until now.  Good tunes / memories!
It never fails, when the band is tight and the show is great with loads of energy it yields a superb listen.It sounds like your at the show and you are being blown away minute by minute.This exceeded my expectations.a great team this was...
Great album ,great live album one great voice and one of the best guitarist ever some call it virtuoso.one of the best live album of 80's.
this is one of the best live albums I've ever heard, up their with Ozzy Randy Rhodes tribute material, Yngwie and Graham Bonnet are spot on, it's a shame they didn't stay together
This may be one of the best live recordings I have ever heard. The fact that it is 27 years old is incredible. The set list is killer and the entire disc rocks from start to finish. I don't have a bad thing to say here....
This used to be a bootleg but I'm glad it was released. Malmsteen and Bonnet are at the top of their game and the band keeps up with them with rockin' class.They even do a killer version of an Michael Schenker song that makes this CD a catch.Recommended.
This cd has such a better sound and the band played so much better than (Live Sentence) i wonder what the band-managment was thinking not to release this before, i have read articles about this show when Yngwie was starting out and now here it is.
Each song is catchy and fun to listen to, making one want to turn it up and show it off. "One Fix" is by far the best cd recorded thus far by Powderburn. Even through all the changes the band has endured they continue to grow stronger and the music just keeps getting better and better. Keep up the great work guys!
A friend bought me the CD as a gift and all I can say is wow. I'm totally a fan. Powderburn showcases a range of approaches that reference everything that is awesome about classic metal. There's a little bit of everything here, and it's eminently listenable. This is the kind of album you can keep going on the car stereo while you're road-tripping. Mean, kick-ass and awesome.
One of the best up and coming bands among the haunts of Seattle is The Keeper. These guys play a brutal sludge of metal served up with a side of D n D lyrics then topped with a generous dose of unadulterated fun. Their songs are always catchy and they have a singer that would send the dark one himself cowering in terror.If nothing else, get the song Tonight we Ride. You will be humming it for days - when you aren't banging your head to it, that is.
This album exhibits a lot of talent and is a great listen if you like rock.  Death Metal doesn't do it for me and all the hard rock sounds like 3 Doors Down or Nickelback wannabees.  I don't wannabee like them.  This album is unique since it is an instrumental and because of this won't make it to the top, but if you appreciate musicianship rather than what's popular, this album is for you.  I'm one of the former managers of Night Ranger so I'm not talking out of my a--.  I usually don't review music that I buy, but I'll make an exception today.
Smokin dual-female fronted German metal band.  What else does one need in this life?  Awesome sound.  Gotta save my pennies and buy a plane ticket to Europe to see this band live.
i have a predjudice about this "group". metallica for christians. see STRYPER's testimony, it is generally duplicared by from this fire. gabe's dad
I stumbled upon this song trying to search for Rainbow Connection on the jukebox at a local bar, it is absolutely hilarious to sit back and watch the looks on peoples faces switching from confusion to pleasure as they realize what the song is and who is singing it!  It doesn't matter what kind of musical background somebody has, if you grew up with the muppets... you will love this song!  I am now purchasing it for myself so I can listen to it while I am driving to keep myself in a good mood!
In barely two weeks of being posted on youtube, this song reached 10,000,000 hits. Basically it's a cover song of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody sang by a huge cast of The Muppets.Of course, lyrics have been changed to keep it in line with The Muppets' attitude, but rest assured, it's a great version which was approved by Queen themselves before being distributed. The music track is the original one, provided by Queen, if I am not mistaken.I recommend it to anyone who loves Kermit and crew, and those who love Queen and The Muppets. Some Queen purists might not like it, but for the rest of us, it's a golden little gem that bring together two great icons.
MAMMAAAA! Mama? Mamma mama mamama mama mama mama!!!!!!!my kids got this in his mp3 player and it makes him giggle nonstop.
So happy I found this! As classic as the original by Queen.  I had forgotten all about this version. A must for those of us who grew up watching The Muppet Show!
Did the world really need another version of Bohemian Rhapsody? I wouldn't have thought so, but now having heard this and seen the video the answer is a resounding &#34;YES!&#34; The Muppets stay true to the original work while adding the kind of flair that only these crazy characters can bring. The music is great unto itself, but paired with the video it's masterful.
No, it's not Freddie Mercury singing so that may disappoint you but it's the best cover yet for this song. The video is hilarious! If you're a muppets fan and like Queen, you'll love this. Few changes in the lyrics but it's close to the real thing. Plus, self-centered Miss Piggy the diva, who's my favorite, sums it all together with "nothing really matters... but moi." Nothing can come close to the original BR sang by Queen but this is soo darn close within the context of the muppets and definitely worth listening to. I've been listening to this and the original almost equally. Equally brilliant and hilarious.
Greg Leon was actually the very first guitarist in Dokken prior to George Lynch* Greg Leon was in a band called Suite 19 with future Motley Crue drummer - Tommy Lee* Greg Leon gave guitar lessons with Randy Rhoads at Randy's mom's guitar school* Greg Leon replaced Randy Rhoads in Quiet Riot when Randy left to join Ozzy Osbournes band* Greg Leon actually wrote the riff that became Ozzy Osbournes legendary tune "Crazy Train". Randy borrowed it from Greg, Ozzy loved it, and then they wrote Crazy Train around it. The original Greg Leon version with this riff can be heard on the FnA Records release "Guitars, Cars, And Women"Growing up, Greg Leon was inspired by the dawn of the 70's Guitar-Heroes. He immersed himself in the 6-string prowess of Jimi Hendrix, Leslie West, Frank Marino, Robin Trower, Ronnie Montrose, Rick Derringer, Pat Travers, Rory Gallagher, Danny Johnson, Johnny Winter and Ritchie Blackmore.Raised in the Los Angeles suburb Glendale, Greg focused his love of guitar to develop and hone his own unique passionate approach to the instrument at a truly amazing time in the Hollywood music scene.As a teen, Greg teamed up with future Motley Crue drummer Tommy Lee in their band Suite 19. Back in the 80's Greg was a wonder-kid guitar slinger on the Sunset Strip, and made his mark while rubbing elbows and trading licks with Eddie Van Halen and Randy Rhoads at the legendary Starwood club.Greg took over for Randy Rhoads when he left Quiet Riot to join Ozzy Osbourne. After a year with Quiet Riot, Greg became one of the founding members of Dokken. Greg toured Europe with the band and worked on a substantial amount of material for the first album. Shortly after returning from a European tour with Dokken, Greg turned his guitar position over to George Lynch and decided to strike out on his own to follow his destiny and musical vision in a power-trio format in tribute to his early guitar hero influences.The Greg Leon Invasion was born! The goal was to stay true to his musical heart by taking center stage with his powerful vocals and unique guitar playing. The highlight of the 2007 summer tour schedule was at the monumental ROCK FEVER FEST "Rocklahoma"on July 13th, where the Greg Leon Invasion spread "Rock n' Awe" to thousands of followers new and old alike. Aside from three seperate appearances by the Greg Leon Invasion at the festival, Greg performed the National Anthem on his guitar while Blackhawk helicopters flew over the crowd. Definitely a day that will go down in Rock history.Greg Leon is a true journeyman musician, producing several "Independent" albums before the term even existed (all of which are now available on FnA Records), such as his debut cd titled "Guitars, Cars, And A Woman" followed by "Unfinished Business" in 2005, and "Wishing Well" in 2007. Greg Leon's ability to maintain his musical vision for over three decades is testament to his conviction to make real rock music that touches people. Be forewarned - there's an INVASION coming to your town where the motto is "Make Rock not War
First off, I have to say that Dokken are not speed or thrash metal so I don't know why this is classified as it.  But this song sounds just like it was made in the 80's.  Must have for any Dokken fan!!
For a band that is approaching the 30 year mark inspite of a revolving door of band members over thier career, Dokken once again is able to capture that signature Dokken sound on this new single. With the name sake Don Dokken at the helm along with original drummer "Wild" Mick Brown, Dokken forges on as a force to reckoned with in the hard melodic rock, classic metal genre'. With the new song Almost Over, Dokken capitalizes on the much popularized theme of impending end of the world prophecy of 2012. This straight ahead dark rocker once again shows thier ability to stay current with the times and also puts the "rokken" in Dokken.With long time band member Jon Levin on guitar and ripping solos, he leaves no doubt that he is the most suitable guitarist for this line-up and leaves the old school fans still asking "George Who??"This song sounds fresh yet retains a familiar element of an era gone by known as the decadent 80's when soaring vocals, heavy percussion and screaming guitars were the rule.This song proves that Dokken still kicks ass!
Great album. Saw em live in Wyoming and bought the album at the show. They sounded great live, but amazing on cd. Every song is loaded with great drums, guitar work, bass, and good ol gutteral yelling. The album is best from beginning to end. My fav song is Torched Skin, but they're all good. Its one of those albums that never gets old.
This album ROCKS!!!  D.I.'s "Ballroom Blitz" is the best version I've ever heard! But the whole album is great--a lot of brave commentary contained here.  And the recording quality is outstanding--you've got to hear it to believe it!.  A "must have" for the serious punk.
i am lovin me some cd presents right now. everything i have heard is perfectly re-mastered...its like i'm there, but better.
Really enjoyed this one.  I heard that Kirk Hammet was, not only in the studio, but actually working at the board for the recording session.  I saw a picture on the internet of him at the mixing board at CD Studios, with the Sea Hags standing behind him...  nice contribution if he did!  Lovely post-production on this too--mp3 audio quality is superb!
It's been awhile since I listened to a new heavy metal/hard rock act.  I reached a point where I could no longer keep up, and just stuck with the old classics.Well, if you're like me, and you dig 70's Hard Rock and/or the 80's Metal scene, and if you like 90's rock like Godsmack, I think you will be pleasantly surprised by Against their Will.This album rocks hard and offers dark-yet-thoughtful themes.  The band's playing is tight.  These guys are carrying the metal torch into the 21st century proudly.I believe in supporting artists who produce beautiful products.  Try a sample of their music, and if you like what you hear: buy the album.
Dawn of the Black Sun is truly an awesome debut from ATW.  Hailing from North Carolina, these boys are a tight group with amazing riffs and awesome metal compositions.  Fans of 80's Metal groups like Metallica and Megadeth will feel young again when they listen to this group.  you can feel the energy and passion in eery track.If ever a group deserved some attention, it's this group.
Anyone involved in the DC club scene in the 90's must have this album.  Compared to the original CD the quality isn't great, but am so happy to have it back I'm not dissapointed at all.
Jason Miller has always been a fan of the loud guitar, but on this release, he showed what his band can do when it concentrates primarily on both bleak and shredding metal. While the interludes can be industrial-tinged, there's no doubt the actual songs have a ferocity rarely paralleled in Godhead's later efforts. Recommended to fans of fast, modern metal.
Oh if only the rest of the world knew what an awesome band Propaganhi is. Aside from rambling on sometimes the band kicks butt.
Raven Tide surprised me, and I love thier sound.  They have a well produced Sympohonic Metal sound ive grown to love from groups like Bare Infinity, Delain, Nightwish, and Within Temptation. With the combination of the great vocals and the Symphonic Metal Instrumentation, this is truely a great Debut from this band and I absolutely look forward to hearing more from them in the future. Amoung my personal favorites are Alfirin Alagos and Doom Reveil, and they are definately the two best tracks on this release.
The album is full of great songs. It's a must have for all 80's rockers. Add it to your collection.
I really like this album. A collection of some of the best songs by Winger. Definitely worth the money if you are a fan, as I am. So I suggest you buy this! I can't believe anyone would rate this lower than a 5. I personally can't stop listening to it!Rock on \m/
great songs, but only if you don't have the demo anthology, all these and more are on that one, better choice for your cash
Downloaded this cd from amazon for the great price they offer it at. All songs are high quality in production to me. I had zero issues with the quality even on my crappy 1998 bmw's speakers. I was able to transfer them to my zune without any issues and play them in the car or office. All songs are amazing but I think my favorite is Get Help and my wife's is Vaccine. I really love how Justin's(lead singer) voice as progressed over the years. I extremely recommend this band if you are a hardcore and/or post-hardcore fan. If not please listen to the samples and watch their music video for get help on youtube see how you feel. My best purchase ever from amazon besides their second cd... Thank you!
I just had to chime in and say that this is a quite incredible "experimental metal" album.If you haven't heard it before, there are no vocals, Jeff Hughell on the 7-string bass and Lord Marco on drums, and they manage to make things pretty incredible.If you're a fan of Lord Marco as a drummer, Jeff Hughell as a bassist, or metal at all, check this out.
The album flows nicely and is not too terribly lengthy. The music ranges from hardcore explicit to mild language and has a very catchy metal beat. I own this album digitally and a hard copy.
This CD is what opened me up to A Fallen Mind.  The lyrics and music are extremely incredible.  One of my most favorite songs from this CD is "Scorpio Lover".
Line-up changes can often be the demise of a good band, or in rare cases it can result in improvement.  In the case of 'Year Of No Light', it resulted in a reinvention of the band.  First off there are no vocals on this entire album.  (Yes it's only four tracks, but it is over 45 minutes so in my opinion it is an album.)  Second the sound has definitely changed.  The straight up hard core elements of Nord are gone; strictly a post rock sound.  This album is a little bit heavier in style than Nord, leaning more towards doom.  The instrumentation has a more dense sound than their previous work.  More like a wall of sound, but still with obvious melody; imagine 'Rosetta' without vocals.  While Ausserwelt is not as complex as Nord, it is beautiful and powerful from the first note to the last.  In a word...Intense.
They put on quite a show when live, and the album is full of great tunes. The best way I could describe them to someone who hasn't listened let, is a mix between Danzig and Tree (Boston Hardcore band). Check out Truce, thats my favorite song from this album.
It's a good thing I didn't find this album until just recently, cause I would have been disappointed with every PC69 album since - ha. Seriously though, I have a handful of PC stuff, with Electrified being one of my favorites. A few weeks ago I heard about this debut with Deris on vocals and hunted it down. GREAT album, hard rockin' catchy stuff man! Technically (shred-wise) it's the best PC has ever done.  And on that note, I have to say that I was pretty disappointed with Ceremonial, PC's latest release for lack of what I found on Games... are the boys getting too old to rock hard?
This is the best cd I have bought in a long time! I love all the songs especially the ones the girl and guy sing in. The cover looks amazing and the music just makes you want to think wow these guys and gal are amazing!
This album is a must buy! These guy's are the best band in the horror-rock scene and this album proves it!!! Fall to your knees is an instant classic and a must own!!
DieMonsterDie's 'Fall To Your Knees' is the horror-themed punk/rock/metal equivalent of witnessing a mad scientist performing 16 bloodcurdling experiments on the ear canal of his willing victim in the basement of your brain. These guys wear their influences proudly on their tattooed sleeves, and sound like they are having an absolute ball, as will you if you fall to your knees and take your medicine. Catchy hooks, cauldron-black humour, monster riffs, as the lyrics to "World Needs Monsters" proclaim - "One million volts... it is alive!"
With a style that is comparable to Children of Bodom, these guys are going to blow up big..  it might take another couple of years and another album or 2 before they get serious attention, but this band will define America's contribution to melodic death metal.  This young group is fully utilizing today's technology to make their voice heard.  They are exploring every avenue to get their message across.Children of Bodom didn't get much international recognition until AYDY came out, but their earlier works are far superior.  I'm just glad to have found Frozen Eternity before mainstream media get their hands on them.The sound is great, the quality of music being played is excellent.  The songs are nicely structured, full of energy, and most of all, do not conform to the diminished, processed sound of today's American mainstream metal.Europe (especially Scandanavia) has owned everyone else in this genre.  It's a relief to see that great melodic death metal is no longer contained to 1 region of the earth.
These guys rock something fierce... I got their first two albums directly from the band. I live in Massachusetts and they shipped their cds across the pond for free. Check out Away from Here, Save Me, Damn Self Pity on youtube.These guys rock, if you are into Heavy Metal IE: Drowning Pool, Saliva, Godsmack, etc.. Then you will love these guys. I can't wait to see these guys live in the states.Keep rocking guys, you guys are awesome.
All I can say is...WOW. Empire is the first album that I've heard from Bleed From Within and I was very impressed. From the moment the first track, "This Is Our Legacy", started playing, I was sucked in like a 13 year old watching his first porno. I paid no attention to anything around me, sat back and cranked up the volume.Now I'm going to be completely honest with you for a second. When I first received this album, I didn't expect much, mainly due to the fact that I had never heard of them. Also because of the band name itself. I really thought that they were going to be some run of the mill hardcore or screamo band. As of now, I am eating my own words. I really need to stop judging a book by its cover because Bleed From Within are the complete opposite of what I initially thought they would be.Bleed From Within was formed in 2005. The members include Scott Kennedy on vocals, Craig Gowans and Dave Lennon on guitars, Dave Provan on bass and Ali Richardson on drums. This five piece metal band from Hamilton, Scotland really knows how to turn out killer songs and keep you wanting more. Back to the album now.I am a fan of every song on this album, but one track stood out the most to me - the third track entitled, "Last Of Our Kind". This song is absolutely wicked from beginning to end. But what really caught my ear in this song is at the 2:30 mark when they slow it down. It totally caught me off guard to hear clean guitaring in this song. I found myself in awe of how greatly it worked with the rest of the song. Come to think of it, I believe my play count on this song is in the double digits already. It's that damn good. As a musician myself, I can appreciate what they've done with this record. Rather than throw some half ass guitar riffs together with mediocre vocals and sloppy drumming, you can tell they made sure everything was on point and worked well together. And every song on this album shows that from beginning to end.As we all know, everyone has their own opinion when it comes to anything and everything. My honest opinion with this record is simple. Empire filled the hole that has been eating away at my library of metal music for quite some time. Not only will I continue to listen to this record, I plan on buying their previous two as well.
Trigger the Bloodshed may be the best technical death metal band around when it comes to infectious brutality. Yes, they're fast and yes, they're technical. Unlike other insanely fast technical death metal bands (looking at you, Brain Drill), there's an undercurrent of melody and/or harmony. It's a dissonant and breakneck-paced melody, but it's there. I liken it to the disaffecting mournful drone that accompanies most deathcore acts' chunkier material, just quicker and more technical.Their last effort, The Great Depression, was filled with said melodious moments. There was a choral hook that belied the machine-like palm muting and staccato double bass that made me want to jump off the couch and break something. That trend continues with Degenerate. Once again, the title track has one of the better hooky undercurrents of the album. This great opening helps solidify in the listener that this is top quality stuff and that a full listen is required.The band's speed should be of note, as it nears Brain Drill-esque madness without making the listener take the music in bits and pieces. That's the beauty of this album. You can listen from start to finish without needing a break from the technical wizardy. Though the riffs are very complicated and would require a great bit of talent to learn to play well, they never get stale or retread other riffs.The production is top notch and much better than The Great Depression's. The mix is crisp and clear, every instrument clearly audible. The guitars have that nice trem-shaking hum and saw-like edge that allows some absolutely brutal chugs but doesn't deter from the higher-noted trills, fills, and solos. Vocally, lead singer Jonny Burgan has an understandable growl that, at least at times, relies too much on his hands cupping the mic (think Suicide Silence's vocalist's style, and you'll be bang on). The drumming is absolutely insane, but that's to be expected of former Aborted drummer Dan Wilding. The man can play drums with anyone, except maybe Gene Hoglan.If you like tech death and want something you can sink your teeth into, this record is for you. It's hooky, it's brutal, it'll scare the crap out of your non-metal friends, and it might even wash the dishes for you. For fans of the band and of the genre, it's a must buy.
These guys are my friends and, they are one of the BEST up-and-coming METAL bands out of Atlanta... Check them out & you won't be disappointed (as long as you like it HEAVY  :)
This is a Fantastic CD!  It contains Very romantic music and easy listening.  The Vogues music is very soothing and relaxing.
Love all the old songs from my younger years..brings back a lot of memories. Easy listening music and wish times and music were like this now.
Very Good CD Amazon, Very Good Product, Very Good, Cd Very Good, CongratsDealer. Date March 2012...I dont know what BS else to write. Pls stop the warning of not repeating words. Thanks very much If you accept it nowVery Good CD Amazon,Very Good CD Amazon,Very Good CD Amazon,Very Good CD Amazon,
Good to hear old favorites.The songs were extremely clear and a real joy. All 60s music lovers will thoroughly enjoy it.
They have such a smooth voice. Can listen to this cd all day long. I want more music like this.
I loved this album and wore out both cassettes over the years. I found it on amazon, and thought that I could buy the mp3 and listen to it, but I can't! It never downloaded! They took my money! Damn!
I just bought the song "Hey Monday," because the clip I listened to was pretty compelling and I wanted to hear the whole thing. After listening to it about 200 times, I have come up with what I think is a good description of what the music brings to mind: it sounds like what West Coast powerpop would sound like if only basic electronic equipment and broken instruments were pulled from under the sand 40 years after a nuclear war and the percussion tracks had to be filled in with buckets, pots and pans.The artist is someone I have known and I look forward to more of his work.
Imagine Abigor gone post-black shoe gaze...yet also retaining old school Austrian black metal elements. Being a fan of Abigor and other Austrian BM, this is good stuff, with a bit of modernity to keep up with the times and not be like Bolt Thrower, the only band who has permission to keep the same sound album to album and still be great.
After 21 years these guys finally make a full length album after all the demo's and split's, these guys are one of the leading bands in the Austriaian black metal scene along with Abigor and Summoning which the leading member of those bands are from this one so people that are fans of these bands are surely to like this one. all and all a good first full length album. I recommend any fan of Summoning or Michael Gregor aka Silenius fan to like this album.
rude, crude, late 70s California punk.  Just sounds like classic rock and roll now; includes Samoans updates of the classic VOM songs I'm In Love with Your Mom and Too Animalistic.  If anything, these versions are better.  If the internet was only invented so we could get our mitts on these WAY out of print classics again, it would have been worth it.  The Samoans are the most underrated band ever.  This stuff plus the classic Back From Samoa album constitute some of the greatest punk rock ever recorded.  Their other stuff blows, but for these "tunes", buy or die!
The drumming of the late Kenny Merrell is the best. Especially the song Jungle Boogie. It is definitely my favorite.
I love this band Jibe and wish they still made music.  If you want strong Pearl Jam/Tool/Radiohead type vocals, then this is a CD to consider...
This is a great Hungarian Death Thrash band.  They definitely have a sound like Destruction.  The tracks are intense and evil and totally METAL!!!
I am new to this band, but I love em. Their vocalist is better than any secular growler I have heard (and I have heard many). Definately reccomended.
Root is one of the first bands from Czech Republic with their whole occult act with the Satanic Imagery, Pentagrams here and their, and being really poorly produced its a great album from theses' Black Metal Legends.all n all great metal from Czech republic
Can't have too much Buckcherry. Easy to download so why not get what you like. Either the entire CD or just the songs you want.
You might wonder why anyone would be interested in these mp3's.  I love early Maiden and was really into "Prowler" and "Strange World" and was wondering if I could get any other versions and I stumbled on to this. I was surprised that this is as great as it is.  Obviously you don't start with this.  You buy the 1st two albums.  All that being said, I couldn't believe how great these versions were.  Especially "Strange World" is somehow better.  Wrathchild, Remember Tomorrow and Charlotte are tweaked just enough to be well worth the price of these downloads.  Includes the rare "Women In Uniform".  I highly recommend these songs.
So Dianno essentially puts out a 30th anniversary re-recorded version of the first Iron Maiden album.  The only song that is missing is Transylvania, understandably, because there are no vocals on that song.  The production and playing on this are really good.  But the highlight is Dianno, who sounds exactly like he did in 1980.  He might be inconsistent live, but on studio recordings, he still has it.
Portugal has brought the world many things, both good and not so good. Luncheiras stemmed the wonderfully delicious goodness known to the rest of the world as Hot Pockets. Yet, they also brought us those absolutely ridiculous shopping carts that required a quarter to unlock...yeah, remember those? But after the horrible idea of the paid shopping cart, Portugal have redeemed themselves by bringing us the awe-inspiring five piece (albeit via London) known as More Than A Thousand. Having a demo, three EPs and one full length under their belt, More Than A Thousand hooked up with producer Paul Leavitt (Gwen Stacy, All Time Low, I Am Ghost) and recorded their extraordinary new album Vol. 4 Make Friends and Enemies.The first song/video for the album comes in the form of "It's Alive (How To Make A Monster)". Hammering guitars beat you senseless, while drummer Pedro Pais' double bass foot work is absolutely fantastic. After the mind numbing verses, More Than A Thousand throw in a huge catchy chorus that will stick with you for days. The band's eclectic sound can be described as a combination of Unearth, Nothingface, Rise Against and a pinch of Eighteen Visions. Vocally, Vasco Ramos voice has an incredible range that can smack you around then make you buy dinner. He seems to encompass guys like Trevor Phipps (Unearth), Matt Holt (Nothingface) and Corey Taylor (Slipknot) into his extremely varied style."No Bad Blood", "First Bite" and "Nothing But Mistakes" all show the extreme diversity, yet cohesiveness of the band. "No Bad Blood" begins with Ramos opening with a very Rise Against style chant, "This is who we are. Tonight we'll stay together", followed by the band kicking into some sick double bass and raging melodic riffs. Filipe Oliveira and Sergio Sousa's blistering guitar work in "First Bite" forms the beast that this song truly is. Once again, Ramos' voice is spot on with his insatiable heavy/melodic vocals that tie in another incredibly catchy chorus. "Nothing But Mistakes" sees the band go in an all melody driven, radio friendly direction. The melodic, yet meaty six strings are mixed with pulsating drums and Ricardo Sousa's thick booming bass lines.If you feel like having your head ripped off, then you'll want to spin tracks like "I Will Always Let You Down" and "Black Hearts." Rampaging metalcore style riffs are meshed with bleeding throat vocals and rapid fire drumming. Once again, the floodgates open to memorable choruses and infectious breakdowns. Without a doubt, "Black Hearts" is by far my favorite song on Vol. 4. The track begins with massive walls of hell-fueled guitars, surging drums and nerve damaging vocals, only to end with beautiful melodic segments mixed with strings. It's an absolutely fantastic track that should have listeners searching for their repeat button.The album ends with "Roadsick" and "A Sharp Tongue Can Cut Your Own Throat." "Roadsick" is a radio devouring, hit maker in the waiting. Ramos' Jared Leto (30 Seconds To Mars) style vocals flow perfectly over the screaming axes that bounce back and forth. The choruses are memorable, airy and dynamic revealing the band's many musical layers. "A Sharp Tongue Can Cut Your Own Throat" brings the album back to its brimstone roots. Pais' punchy drum work lays a great foundation for metallic riffs and heavy vocals loaded with melodic overtones. Side note: Let the track continue to run and you will find another hidden gem there for you to devour.There isn't anything negative that I can really say about this record. More Than A Thousand have been able to mix and match styles, and actually make them work to create an infectious, well rounded album. From the first track to the last, you will find yourself headbanging while singing along with every word. If you only buy one album all year long, make sure that it's this one. Vol. 4 Make Friends and Enemies is an absolute MUST OWN.
The price was pretty great, and the album is awesome. I love More Than a Thousand, one of the best Aussie bands out there.
I love how slowly the songs moves around with almost spoken female vocals and the minor bass line accented with synth stabs until the end when the song bursts awash in a glorious synth ending and the haunting layered vocal line at the end.
I listen to this cd while I'm in the shower, Shaving, Brushing, eating, smoking, and driving. Can't get enough of it. It you listen to the Deftones, then give this a try.......Get Nasty!!!!!!
I downloaded this album and i cant get enough of it!!! 50 Caliber Dream is now easily my fav BAND! Do your ears a solid and BUY THIS ALBUM!!!
I'm so proud of my son (Matt the vocalist),and his band. Even though this isn't my kind of music, I believe you guys are awesome and wish you all the success in the world !!!!
If your into metalcore you'll probably like this sampler!Since its a split, let me review each band on its own.BURNING SKIESFirst off, great band. All their new tracks are high-strung, great intensity and worth the buy. Their cover of WFAM is well done as well!It is more of the same of their prior albums but, they got a little more stylish and did some innovative things. My point is the GENRE did not change. They got more creative while staying the same.WAR FROM A HARLOTS MOUTHWell, their vocalist is steadily changing. What you hear is what your gonna get from him basically the ENTIRE time.Also their songs are played..."slow" especially compared to burning skies. Think back to their prior album...those long, slow breakdown tracks. You'll get a similar taste here. A mix of the vocals from "In Shoals" and the music of "Transmetro."Nothing special about them in my opinion, if you like the 30 second sampler you'll diffidently like the tracks themselves.Personal opinion!I love the burning skies tracks! Very fast, even for them!WFAHM was...unexpected. Its pretty slow going, didnt really interest me.
This is apparently a side project for the extra songs that were written for 'The Ghost' by Before The Dawn. Well first of all...all of these songs are up to par with Before The Dawn's music.The reason I'm giving this 5 stars is because of the song 'Dead Air'. If you are a fan of metal with epic structure.......listen to this. When I first heard this song I almost past out from the emotion that was poured into this song. The rest of the CD is good, don't get me wrong, but this song stands out like a cow at a pig convention.
The Killing Tree is likely my favourite band, and though Bury Me At Make-Out Creek isn't my favourite of their releases, it is excellent.TKT possesses an incredibly raw and unrefined sound at the time, and that makes this album that much better. It's punk with a metal edge.
I'm looking forward to the new Soilwork album. I've been a fan for year's and I thought there last work Sworn to a great divide was an excellent album. This little two track single from amazon is a great way to hear some new Soilwork while waiting for the album to drop. The tracks are as follows.01.Let this river flow 5/5This song starts with a nice acoustic opening that leads into some heavy riffin'. Nice aggressive verse's with a nice vocal trade off of scream to clean during the pre-chorus. Then the melodic chorus comes in and is very nice. There is also a nice breakdown of just vocal's and acoustic guitar. All in all a great Soliwork song.02.Two lives worth of reckoning 5/5This is the first single from the new album and most Soilwork fan's should have already heard this one. It is very fast with some excellent riff's and a killer guitar solo. The vocal's are top notch and everything fits together so well. Classic elements from older work's are present in this song (duel guitar lines!)Overall this two track single will get you ready for the new album on July 13th.
Soilwork has never disapointed me and these singles are no exception. I am anxiously awaiting the release of the panic broadcast!
Make no judgements: Burning Love may sound like another s***ty emo-metal/whatever band playing on the Vans Warped tour, but they anything but. This is punk, the kind of punk that would be birthed by Joan Jett if she were knocked up by Andrew W.K. or Minor Threat. The kind of punk that would go to a Dead Kennedy's concert and headbutt Jello Biafra and laugh about it. In layman's terms, it's good ole fashioned ass-kicking punk rock/metal. This album is an invitation to you to attend a party for the end of the world. Strap on your combat boots and bring a pipe bomb; It's time to have fun.
This is a sick, and ultra brutal Death Metal album. The music is undeniably brutal. the songs all sound diffrent from one another which gives you some variety. The lyrics on the Devastation Inc. site [...] are good. If you like barbaric sick loud fast grinding Death Metal you should love this.
the voice and the music combined make it awesome,damn good cruising music,love it loud and the music rolls,been a long time since i heard some good jams
I bought this CD a while ago, but was coming back to the Amazon page to look at the "Customers Also Bought..." section since I thought this CD was excellent.  It's straight up technical death metal with a very heavy emphasis on guitar work.  It's more straight forward rhythmically than something like Gorod, but is a very impressive technical offering.  If you're into the genre, you can't go wrong.  These guys are young, so I am really looking forward to seeing what they do as they keep playing.  One gripe about the CD is that it's mixed way louder than it needs to be.  Hopefully with the next one, they'll sacrifice the loudness to get more dynamism in the tracks.  That's an issue about the production and mixing though, not the music.
This is honestly one of the best melodic death metal bands I've come across. It's up there with Job For a Cowboy and The Black Dahlia Murder. I would say the only downside is that this extended version is only available in digital format and not disc format. I would buy this in a heartbeat if it was in disc format. Worth every penny. Looking forward to a new album.
I found out about this band by accident, and man am I glad I did. Their debut album is 72 plus minutes long with 20 tracks in all, and is part-one to a trilogy of cds and novels that are related to the same conceptual storyline. One of the band's two lead guitarists [Cruppe] is the author of the epic-fantasy novels as well as the band's lyricist, and the other [Lotta] has recently toured and recorded with [Anthrax vocalist] Joey Belladonna. The band also has an incredible visual appearance and portrays characters from their saga in full costume on stage. The music is somewhere between the Thrash Metal, Power Metal, and Prog Metal genres with comparisons to artists like Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Blind Guardian, Iced Earth, Metallica, and Mercyful Fate. The vocals are incredible and the guitars are crushing so you can't go wrong if you like any of the bands mentioned above. I am very curious to hear and read part two of the band's epic, but in the meantime I will continue to enjoy part one. The band's artwork is also excellent and is comparible to the mighty Iron Maiden's classic album covers. This type of band is exactly what true heavy metal fans are looking for. If you are into metal you definately want this cd!
I Heard about The Ashers from Mark Unseen's FB page and decided to check it out (as I am a huge Unseen fan). This album from start to finish blows me away..It's fast, angry, awesome guitars and drums. Mark is also in rare form and owns the vocals on this. If you are a fan of The Unseen (you will especially love this), The Virus, The Ghouls, A Global Threat, etc. you will love this from start to finish. I'm proud to know that there is still some awesome punk music being made out there, as unfortunately, it seems like most of my favorite bands are either long defunct or have recently broken up (R.I.P A Global Threat). I salute Mark and the boys for working their asses off to make this album, the whole band works very well together and I can't wait for the next release.
...and I approve this message. Just not your face!!!! We all know  Step 1- "Remove Her Underpants." Step 2- "?????" Step 3- "METAL"
I LOVE THIS RECORD. IT SOUNDS GREAT. IT ROCKS. YOU SHOULD ROCK WITH THIS RECORD AND THEN YOU WILL ROCK TOO.THIS TOO SHALL BURN ROCKS. THIS RECORDS ROCKS. YOU SHOUD ROCK WITH THIS TOO SHALL BURN AND THEN YOUR WILL ROCK TOO.PS. YOU ROCK!
I cant stop listening to this album. Best alternative rock band in the US. You should check this album out.
The mid-eastern song chanting backed by hammer dulcimer in the intro track leads right into track two, 'The Premonition' that marks the most mainstream rock song on this great new CD. Ensphere's 'Corpuscle' offers sixty-four minutes of awesome rock, heavy metal, and nicely orchestrated music. The instrumental 'Prism' is laced with incredible viola and cello work, while 'Glow,' 'To The Aubolic,' and 'Soliceous' are all examples of super songwriting by lead singer and guitarist Randall Raymond, who with the band was well complimented by the production mastering of Pitball Records' producer, Oliver Saul. Evidently Ensphere has been hiding out in the southwest the last few years, though they have been on a west coast tour this summer promoting their new musical gem. Definitely a keeper.
Andy Deane's Solo work is AMAZING! His music creates a feeling within and takes you to the depth of your thoughts and feelings. It just got me in that mood. Great sound. Im looking forward to the next cd :)Robyn Szawlosky[...]
With his first solo album, Andy Deane has created a haunting, delicate electronic landscape that both compliments and stands apart from work with Bella Morte.  Fans of the goth-rock-alt band's recent releases may be surprised by the dominance of synth in "Pain Management", but I'd urge anyone feeling doubtful to stick around.  You're unlikely to find a more danceable, intimate experience, and given the genre, that's certainly saying something.Starting well with the club-friendly "Long Way Home", Andy weaves a complex sound that can be at turns sharp and beat-driven ("One World", "All in All") or almost fragile (as in the piano-heavy "Fray" or the mournful "Into the Far").  Lyrically, many of the 12 tracks touch upon a sense of inevitability, of things slipping away, leaving only memory.  This isn't the first time Andy's explored these themes, but his writing is more evocative than ever:"Walk hand in hand / thinking what's not said cannot be said / walk hand in hand / not a whisper flies / the words all drown"As in the early Bella Morte release, "Where Shadows Lie", Andy makes use of a sort of extended, repeating coda that gives many of the songs a more powerful conclusion and a real story quality, either reinforcing feelings or offering a new perspective that deepens the previous verses.While each song is worth mentioning as a potential standout, I feel that I must give special mention to "Illuminate", which had me double-checking to be sure I hadn't accidentally clicked onto a different album the first time I heard it.  More so than the other tracks, this one felt like a deliberate experiment in achieving a new sound, and I'm happy to say that at least in my mind, this experiment was a success.Overall, "Pain Management" is a fantastic solo debut with something for nearly every shade of Bella Morte fan.  I can only hope that a track or two might find their way into the set list the next time Bella hits up the Midwest for a show.How `bout it Andy?  Please?
Don't expect Bella Morte, but you won't be disappointed. Andy Deane takes a step in a different direction with his solo debut and totally hits the mark. From danceable and upbeat to moody and introspective, fans of electronic music can't go wrong with this release. Highlights for me include "into the Far" and "Long Way Home".Buy it now!
Andy Deane's solo project "The Rain Within" is a very solid entry into the realm of the goth rock.  If you are a fan of Bella Morte, you should get this album, especially if you like it a little more synthpop style.  It won't disappoint.  It isn't nearly as heavy as say "Beautiful Death" or some of the other stuff, and more like "The Rain Within Her Hands" from the Where Shadow Lies album.  The highlights of the album include "Needle and Thread", "All in All" and "The Long Way Home" and "Into the Far".
Side projects are often automatically and unfairly viewed as tainted, sub-par works.  The Rain Within completely defies that stereotype with Pain Management.  This album contains eleven solid tracks.  Not one song comes across as filler that was just included to round out the album.  Overall, the sound is electronic.  However, that electronic sound varies from song to song.  There are hard-hitting jams, and more mellow tunes that evoke a desire to sit by a window on a rainy day and reflect over a cup of coffee.  It is difficult to pick a favorite song, but if forced to choose, it would be "Needle and Thread."  Given the title, one might initially expect the lyrics to closely resemble Brighter Fires' "Sever", but "Needle and Thread" takes a surprising turn towards darker subject matter.  If performed by someone with a less powerful voice, this song would not work at all.  Luckily, Andy's performance and the dark lyrics combine to create an outstanding track.  Other highlights include, "Long Way Home," just try not singing along to that one in the car, "Illuminate," just try not dancing to that one in the car, and "All in All," which may result in a combination of the previously mentioned vehicular activities.  Pain Management is a stellar debut album, which will leave you dying to hear more from The Rain Within.
this is Andy Deane firing on all cylinders. the album exudes enthusiasm and knocked me flat, and i knew it would be awesome before hearing it but i didn't know HOW AWESOME.
With Pain Management the Rain Within, Andy Deane's solo debut, crafts a welcome change from Bella Morte's recent path. At once surprisingly upbeat and familiarly haunting Andy Deane has returned to form with this album. You'll find your self dancing and singing along to the more upbeat tracks and highly invested in those more serious in nature. Well worth the purchase.
One of my all-time favorites! My birthday is on Halloween ;-) Rock on, Mr Jorgensen! That is all :-/ Dang! I guess I have to type in some more stuff, because more words are required to post thissss...... OK! NOW!! thatisall.jpg
Very much release from day to day frustration metallic breakdown groove hardcore.  Vocals are a more straight forward on this release versus "Suffer the cycle" 7inch which are mind bendingly crafty.  Nice to see L.a. deliver some east coast sounding hardcore, reminds me of a band "As it Stands" from Poqouson,Va. (Va. beach area) who existed briefly in 1989-1990.  More stuff like this would be appreciated in the hardcore genre but difficult to find and always very limited but now that there are mp3 downloads we have been saved.  If the 7 inch sells out and there isn't a repress as most hardcore labels are small and don't you can still get it.  My advice to new kids out there who listen to stuff like this is to keep listening to stuff like this and don't mess with anything else, trust me.  I listened to Biohazard's "Urban discipline" today and yesterday, still perfect from 1991.  This will be perfect still forever as well and another gem to the treasure chest.  I give thanks and praise to bands like this who keep the world alive and spinning.  Nothing grimey about this rhythm.
Amorphis is always first rate - redoing some of the earlier songs with the new singer,who is the best singer that ever was in metal or rock or anything else - shows some of the great song writing too  and how a different arrangement will make a song sound better -even though in their liner notes it says these are not meant to replace the earlier versions, in my opinion they do, because some of the earlier Amorphis albums didn't appeal to me as much because I thought the singer was really not as interesting and the songs didn't sound as interesting. With Tomi Joutsen now the singer I consider them the best band in the world, and this cd almost is like a new album with all original songs, even though they aren't. My Kantele is a good example as one of their best earlier songs , hearing the song with Tomi and his style and voice and the little different arrangement, the song is exceptionally good and I actually love  it instead of just liked it before - all the songs in here are like that - except Light My Fire, which isn't their song anyway so it doesn't count
With this kind of album (A.K.A a sampler) you've really gotta listen to the clip of each song that Amazon provides!  If you don't then you're just asking for trouble with the music.  If you don't listen before you download it, then you can't complain that you hate it.  It's as simple as that.  I listened to every clip (for those of you who may not know how to do this, there is a list of every track on the album and next to it is a little triangle.  It means PLAY!  Wow, and you can figure out which songs you actually want to have!) I didn't like every single song, so I picked the ones I liked and downloaded them individually!  Kudos to Amazon for providing such a resource! I can discover a whole host of new groups and have one or two great songs from them for FREE.  This goes for any free sampler album Amazon provides: listen before you grab the free stuff.  It's only a deal if you will use it.
I love this band I don't know if they are a big they should scream a lot more but there songs are amazing
If you're a fan of any genre of music that has either the word 'metal' or the ends in 'core' you might as well give this a try. I got this over 2 months ago and still enjoy it. While there are definitely some songs on this sampler that I like more than others, as a whole this is my favorite free album that is available on Amazon. My personal favorites were I Am Abomination and Son of Aurelius. Give it a try and you just might discover a new band or two that you want to look into more. That's the whole point of a sampler. And don't forget that it's absolutely FREE!
Great music and FREE.You can not really go wrong with this.And it sounds great on our Kindle Fire HD !
I was skeptical when I first saw this sampler to be available for free.But I went ahead and downloaded it...Absolutely loved it and have been listening to it every day.
It's free!! What more can you say...if you like this music try it out!!! No issues with purchase! Easy breezy!
I love the music cuz it that's good alt medal in metal on it even have a heavy metal sweet.
I really enjoyed this album "Good Fight Music", it is the kind of music that I personally play on the guitar.!.!.
This sounds pretty good! I like the uniqueness of the flow on the music which is something I have not heard before. Great job!
Great music that motives and keeps you moving with awesome beats and great riffs a nice collection of songs that keeps your feet moving
THis Sampler was the bomb!  5 stars all the way!  can't go wrong with Cancer bats, Conditions, this or the apocalypse, and I am abomination. if you dig hard & fast paced metal this download is worth the click. : ]
I love this song. It is impossible for me to listen to without moving. One of the best and inspiring pieces of music ever.
this is great to try every one with a kindle fire should try this it is a lot of fun to listen to
I love this type of music. My favorite songs on here are Messenger, Infinite (that's one song),  When It Won't Save You, Greetings From Easter Island, and Rock N' No Soul.  My friends get pretty creeped out though. It's funny. Like if you randomly start playing Backlit. haha.
Not sure why people who have no clue about metal bother reviewing metal.  This opened up my eyes to the greatness of The Contortionist, amazing band.  Add in This Or The Apocalypse and Rosaline and Cancer Bats...great stuff.  And it's FREE!
I agree, If it is not your style of music, DO NOT COMMENT. I dont badmouth FOLK ALBUMS so I expect the same courtesy. This compilation has great diversity. The music styles range from intricate guitar work to the usual 3chord screamer metal. All done very well I think. But ya gotta like it heavy to get past the vocals. Most are death metal style but great variation in the music. I intend to look into at least 2 bands from this comp. ENJOY!
good fight music was a very good song. listening to it alot. very good music to play.love the music too.
If you like free loud metal music, this album is cool.  I really like the first and last songs.  Get it, now.
This a really good sampler. I can now say that I have heard of &#34;Son of Aurelius&#34; and they aren't a bad band.
Cylab is one of my favorite bands of all time. I have been a fan since 2004. Cut & Coil is the trio's latest album. I love the band's blend of industrial and trip hop music without sounding repetitive. Unlike Collide whose music is monotonous, Cylab successfully interjects interesting and complex beats which really adds life to their songs. The opening song "Skin" is a perfect example of the band's ability to create some of the most compelling beats in their genre. The razor edged beats reminds me of the song "Dented Halos" from the group's second album Satellites. It is hard not to love the song "Skin" or want to dance to its stompy beats. Another great song destined to be a classic with me is "Kalika (Cut It Up)" with its frenetic electronic beats. I definitely can hear the band treading into the IDM territory with songs like "Spheres" and "Trigger". The beats are quickly pounded out rapidly like bullets being shot out of a machine gun. I like that the band is exploring other areas of music and not stick to one particular song (which is why I think I find Collide so boring because they are so stuck in one sound). Cylab continues to evolve with each album and I definitely can hear their growth. I personally think Cut & Coil is Cylab's best effort to date. I enjoyed the varied sounds on each track. I certainly thinks it is one of my top 5 favorite albums of 2010.
When I first discovered Cylab over a year ago, I fell in love with all the amazing atmospheric passages, out of this world array of synthesizers, electro meets trip-hop meets industrial soundscape, infectious songwriting and the sultry vocals of SeVerina X Sol. This combination proved as an effective force to be reckoned with. I started off with their debutUnparallel Universe, which to this day is my favorite release of theirs. While the production was merely okay in comparison to the other albums (drums don't nearly have the "oomph" that newer works do) and it did start to drop in quality a bit towards the end of that disc, at the heart were some solid and consistently great songs that were perfect for inducing the warm fuzzies (definitely a good thing!)Then I proceeded to their sophomore releaseSatellites, which was pretty good, albeit far less consistent than the debut. The production was much tighter, the song structures and beats a bit more complex, and Cylab took some stylistic chances this time. The reason the album was very hit or miss with me is because a few of the songs felt a bit underdeveloped and never quite took off the way I hoped they would ('Kundalini' and 'His Lost Reflection' come to mind), and yet when Cylab was on, they were REALLY firing on all cylinders (my all-time favorite 'Dented Halos', the pulse-pounding 'Parting Fields', and the brooding build-up of 'Tides'). So even though I liked the debut better as a whole, I felt that the best songs on 'Satellites' reached greater heights and hit that special zone that few can make it to. So for me they balance each other out quite well. The following remix albumDisseminatedidn't really do much for me, though to be fair it's because I'm not a much of a fan of most remix albums to begin with.So here we are with 2010's highly anticipated 'Cut & Coil'. How does it measure up to Cylab's previous works? And how does it stand up on its own merits? Let's find out...For one thing, I notice a lot more outside influences creeping their way into the mix of many of the songs. Cylab found a way to capitalize on their greatest strengths while welcoming a slew of new textures and subtle nuances into the soundscapes. Both 'Cocoon' and 'Trigger' bring mid-90's Nine Inch Nails to mind in different ways (the former for its melancholy piano usage tinged with dark industrial sounds, and the latter song for its fast-paced passages coalesced by SeVerina's atonal shouting vocals through the verses). A couple other songs like 'Skin' and the beginning of 'Kalika (Cut it Up)' take on a very darkwave dance club vibe, utilizing a more typical EBM synth sound much of the time (I'm not the biggest fan of that type of synth, yet I've heard that sound executed quite well in the case of the group "Colony 5" in their release 'Fixed').Where Cylab does capitalize on their established strengths is in their ability to ooze pure mood and induce goosebumps with their atmosphere at just the right points on most of the songs. Think back to the tracks 'Embryo Time' and 'Tides' off ofSatellites, where they start off fairly simple, but gradually built up into a solid and complex melody as the song progressed. That's most of 'Cut & Coil' in a nutshell in terms of song writing. So if you enjoyed that aspect of Cylab's music, you're going to love this album. Even some of the songs like 'The Hissing' and 'Shifting Time' which start out sounding average, turn into some amazingly powerful melodies as they develop halfway in.My absolute favorite would have to be 'Dragonfly Dream'. It's probably the closest song on here soundwise toUnparallel Universe's sound, and yet it presents Cylab's signature feel in a whole new way. Hats off to them for creating a brooding masterpiece that reaches new heights in awesomeness with every listen. It doesn't hook you in quite the same way as the immortal 'Dented Halos' does, yet it works just as well in a completely different fashion. 'Spheres' is simply godlike, being a standout track that grabs you with its echoic canyon-wide other-worldly melody atop a frenetic mid-paced beat. Then there's the bouncy opener 'Skin', which can seem a bit repetitive at first, though now with many listens, I've grown to love its main melody. Its hook has worked its way into me and now I find it to be one of the album highlights. Other favorites include 'Cocoon', 'Red Blood, Clay and Dust', the second half of 'The Hissing, and the somber title track.Now for the drawbacks. For me, some of the songs take a little bit to get going, though most of them do pay off in their build-ups later on. Also, I didn't care at all for the remix of 'Dragonfly Dream' at the very end. I suppose if you got into 'Disseminate', you'll appreciate it more than I did, but to me it just took everything I love about the original version out of the song. Sorry, I wanted to like it, but this one just did nothing for me.Overall, I quite enjoyed the new 'Cut & Coil' release. It took a listen or two to fully grab me, but it did. In comparison to other releases, Cylab manages to bring out the consistency of the debut back while successfully taking the songwriting and production of 'Satellites' further into new sonic territories. On its own merits, 'Cut & Coil' is a pretty solid darkwave/industrial release. If you're new to Cylab, you could really start with any of their releases and do just as well, and if you find yourself loving their sound, then check out the rest of what they've got. And if you've been a fan of theirs and are hoping for them to branch out a bit while maintaining everything you love about them, 'Cut & Coil'  does just that. Cylab are a relatively little known group, and their albums have proven to be quite the find, so it you like any of their releases, spread the word! Anyway, I hope this review has been helpful. Thanks for reading. Survey says... Go pick it up!Here are some other recommended albums worth checking out if you've enjoyed 'Cut & Coil' or other Cylab albums:-Optics, by I:Scintilla-Strain, by Flesh Field-Chasing the Ghost, by Collide-Lust for Blood, by Velvet Acid Christ-Out From Out Where, by Amon Tobin
!* Greg Leon was actually the very first guitarist in Dokken prior to George Lynch* Greg Leon was in a band called Suite 19 with future Motley Crue drummer - Tommy Lee* Greg Leon gave guitar lessons with Randy Rhoads at Randy's mom's guitar school* Greg Leon replaced Randy Rhoads in Quiet Riot when Randy left to join Ozzy Osbournes band* Greg Leon actually wrote the riff that became Ozzy Osbournes legendary tune "Crazy Train". Randy borrowed it from Greg, Ozzy loved it, and then they wrote Crazy Train around it. The original Greg Leon version with this riff can be heard on the FnA Records release "Guitars, Cars, And Women"Growing up, Greg Leon was inspired by the dawn of the 70's Guitar-Heroes. He immersed himself in the 6-string prowess of Jimi Hendrix, Leslie West, Frank Marino, Robin Trower, Ronnie Montrose, Rick Derringer, Pat Travers, Rory Gallagher, Danny Johnson, Johnny Winter and Ritchie Blackmore.Raised in the Los Angeles suburb Glendale, Greg focused his love of guitar to develop and hone his own unique passionate approach to the instrument at a truly amazing time in the Hollywood music scene.As a teen, Greg teamed up with future Motley Crue drummer Tommy Lee in their band Suite 19. Back in the 80's Greg was a wonder-kid guitar slinger on the Sunset Strip, and made his mark while rubbing elbows and trading licks with Eddie Van Halen and Randy Rhoads at the legendary Starwood club.Greg took over for Randy Rhoads when he left Quiet Riot to join Ozzy Osbourne. After a year with Quiet Riot, Greg became one of the founding members of Dokken. Greg toured Europe with the band and worked on a substantial amount of material for the first album. Shortly after returning from a European tour with Dokken, Greg turned his guitar position over to George Lynch and decided to strike out on his own to follow his destiny and musical vision in a power-trio format in tribute to his early guitar hero influences.The Greg Leon Invasion was born! The goal was to stay true to his musical heart by taking center stage with his powerful vocals and unique guitar playing. The highlight of the 2007 summer tour schedule was at the monumental ROCK FEVER FEST "Rocklahoma"on July 13th, where the Greg Leon Invasion spread "Rock n' Awe" to thousands of followers new and old alike. Aside from three seperate appearances by the Greg Leon Invasion at the festival, Greg performed the National Anthem on his guitar while Blackhawk helicopters flew over the crowd. Definitely a day that will go down in Rock history.Greg Leon is a true journeyman musician, producing several "Independent" albums before the term even existed (all of which are now available on FnA Records), such as his debut cd titled "Guitars, Cars, And A Woman" followed by "Unfinished Business" in 2005, and "Wishing Well" in 2007. Greg Leon's ability to maintain his musical vision for over three decades is testament to his conviction to make real rock music that touches people. Be forewarned - there's an INVASION coming to your town where the motto is "Make Rock not War!"
There are those that claim man's creativity is a reflection of nature, a means for him to express the way he perceives his surroundings, his environment, his reality, as well as how said devices affect his emotions, his ability to reason, and his sanity. Where then does Drug Honkey fit in? "Death Dub," the latest release from this four-piece ensemble from Chicago creates a harrowing atmosphere of cold dismality, which is both ghoulishly heavy -the music claws at your eardrums- and frightening enough to make the listener seek solace in his darkest nightmares. If Godflesh and Scorn had a child together it would grow up to be Drug Honkey.I am not going to scrutinize each band member's talents, for each of them are adequate and capable musicians. I am inclined to believe that Drug Honkey cares little about showcasing individual gifts. Here dwells a love affair with dark, brooding noise. The band thrives on a single organism concept, a kind of evolving debasement of morose resonance and reverberation that shows us how order can be weaved from the strands of chaos, and that the chains of such a contradiction can be broken.This music will only be digestible for a smaller, exotic crowd, which is unfortunate. Lady Gaga lovers beware: Drug Honkey's music is hideous and sick. It exemplifies and proudly embodies these traits with a dedication akin to noise-based mysticism. Tuned down guitars and haunting samples are Honkey's building blocks, which will lead some to believe Drug Honkey is a one trick pony. But, if the listener is patient he or she will discover that there is something rhythmically sublime in the array of ambient textures, the chaotic drones, the maleficent wide-ranging vocals, the extraterrestrial guitar riffs, the dense plodding bass, and the hypnotic drum work that frequently sounds like the fading heartbeat of a terminally ill patient."The Devil Lasts Forever" is heavier than a collapsed star -audible mass dilation. Its slow and plodding cadence will enthrall those humans who desire to be up to their ears in sludge. "Communion's" fat bass and psychedelic vocals are an incarnation of madness, and "I Can Not" serves as a sort of elemental exposition on bone crushing, diesel-fueled brutality. These are definitely my favorites, but none of the songs on "Death Dub" disappoint.These guys strive for originality with fervor well beyond zealotry. They are audacious in their exploration of dread-born sound and merciless in its creation. Drug Honkey is a monstrous aberration from normal audio concepts and "Death Dub" is a new breed of musical art. It is harmony ensconced in darkness....-Joseph DiCristofanoAuthor of Paths to Divinity
I found this artist thanks to a friend of mine and have been thankful ever since for introducing me to such a wicked artist. I really love this particular CD and highly recommend it to anyone who likes darker, more introspective music.Zygote is without a doubt a very talented artist- this CD in particular shows off his writing talent as well as his musical abilities. Between the great lyrics (I am especially partial to "Slip Through The Mirror"; seriously, how can you not love lines like "Picture yourself living forever; what would you do with looking glass eyes?" and the awesome music (the beat to "Sentimental Case" is just great) you can't go wrong listening to this work.His music has a lot of deep lyrical substance and resonates with me for many personal reasons; he's grown as an artist with this debut and I eagerly look forward to seeing what he will come up with next.
Great death metal from Fargo. These tracks capture their energy very well, and this album fits right into my metal lineup on my mp3 player.
Definitely a good album to have if you're only going to purchase one Sabaton album.  It has some of there best power-metal ballads and some of the rawest sounds they've unleashed.  A great album from an outstanding group.
Berlin is burning! I love this stuffs it is real good gear bro I mean like Flanders loves it too
More of the excellent powerful epic music of human conflicts.  Attero Dominatus (the opening song) is quite the poster child for describing this genre of music.  Operatic at the beginning and then into the description of the devastating battle of crushing the Reich's capitol Berlin.  It is very moving to me.Rise of Evil (The rise of the Reich), is a very strong march.  One of the few marches I have heard done in metal fashion.  I can see it used in combination with various videos or movies of an empire on the rise, with troops marching in formations, chanting &#34;Rise!&#34;These two songs are the best examples for me from this album, which gives that sense of inspirations of power and glory.
One of the best rock bands out there. they sure do make good respectful and true to the pint music.
&#34;Attero Dominatus&#34; (2006) is the second album from Swedish power metal band Sabaton.Here, Sabaton does everything exactly as they did it on &#34;Primo Victoria&#34; (2005): 8 war-themed tracks, 1 very cheesy how-many-metal-bands-can-we-name song, the same style, the same everything. &#34;AD&#34; is even the exact same length as &#34;PV&#34;. Sabaton did it well then and they do it well here. They stuck with what worked, and it hasn't gotten old yet.There's a little bit of self-borrowing here, which isn't surprising. For example, the guitar work on &#34;Nuclear Attack&#34; is reminiscent of the guitar on &#34;PV&#34;'s &#34;Panzer Battalion&#34;. But on the whole, it's not too bad.Ultimately, Joakim Brod&eacute;n's vocals, Sabaton's unique history-lesson lyrical style and the band's great power metal songwriting make this a top-notch album. Highlights include &#34;Attero Dominatus,&#34; &#34;Rise of Evil,&#34; &#34;Back in Control,&#34; and &#34;Light in the Black.&#34;
If you liked Fear Factory for their introducting the world of bass kicks with every strum of a guitar note - I dunno what it's called, but you get it... and you liked Sybreed for their crazy over the top industrial effects and melodies, you'd know Rhys Fulber was once an active part of FF and produced Sybreed's newest CD-Pulse of The Awakening. The drummer of Sybreed's awesome debut CD-Slave Design left the band and started this band previously known aa ETNA.There's more bands than one as ETNA so they changed to this^ and kept all the songs on the EP. They keep the same style Sybreed had on their debut, and use FF's steady drum kick as awesome rhythm to their music. They keep the crazy industrial background, ferocious screams and distorted shouts and cool smooth almost harmonous melody in the chorus's. It's a beautiful albeit short debut album. It's a damn shame they don't make music like this in the US anymore, and before you claim they do-listen to these guys full-on and then think about it. It's the guts of switzerland/sweden/gineva. I wish I could live there just because of the music they bring out from there. It's hip hop poser jerseyland here. Over there in the viking land it is heavy heavy metal metal.
If you like Mnemic or Sybreed then this band is for you. It's aggressive but well written. The songs have a little screamo with some harder vocals mixed in well so it is easily digestable. It makes this a metal album you can listen to all the way through without getting sick of it. They change it up well with some nice marching chops, mosh pit style. Listen to a couple MP3 samples before you buy and I'm sure you'll like it. Enjoy, it rocks!
PUSH's first,album is a hard-hitting collection of melodic to heavy rock.Here are my ratings for each of the songs on their debut album:1. "Unspoken" 5/5.Melodic ballad. Soft guitar, very melodic & emotional vocals. No percussion. String accompaniment and accoustic guitar.2. "Anxiety" 5/5. Emotional hard guitar. Melodic & emotional vocals.3. "The Beach" 5/5. Heaviest song on the album.4. "Portrait" 5/5.  Mid tempo song with a nice chorus.5. "Radio for the Masses" 4/5. The radio single6. "Mercy STone" 5/5. Emotional hard guitar. Melodic & emotional vocals. Aggressive & emotional chorus.The tunes rock and the melody is there which in tune translates to a very enjoyable listen. Overall this cd is a very pleasant surprise.
I have been a Tierra Santa fan for 6 years now and I all I can say about this CD is...WOW! I liked all the songs on the album and I feel that the band has matured with its sound quality. The guitar riffs and lyrics are superb like usual (I speak Spanish). The music shows that the band put the time and effort into this album.
awesome music i can tell they put alot of effort into this album so much better than traditional and mainstream metal
If you've been looking for new rock/metal with a different new kind of sound because everything sounds the same nowadays look no futher and check this band out. DAMN!
Overall, this is a strong album and I think one of their best to date, but this is just this reviewer's opinion. The weakest track is "Behind the Mask" but it has its place within the grand scheme of the album. The songs tie together but can be taken out of their place and listened to and enjoyed individually. I would like to see radio play, and not just on Sirius/XM of "Dragging my Casket," but this might take a radio edit version first.Full review can be found at [...]
What a great couple of years for new metal in the thrash genre!  This was one of the bands I listened to in the eighties and I would put them next to the likes of: Testament, Exodus, Kreator and Sacred Reich.  What an absolute gift that they decided to put out some new material.The new album is a thrash music journey of epic proportions.  The tracks flow nicely together and each track holds it's own well.  Though some of the members may have changed, the attention to detail still exists.  The lyrics are well written and the bands musicianship is second to none within the metal community!You will not be disappointed...  Push the purchase button, it will keep these kinds of bands entertaining us for years to come...
Awesome release. Came upon this searching for something else. It was worth the trip every bit as good as forbidden evil. Do yourself a favor and get it.
_The First Dose_ is the Cincinnati-based Detrimental's initial release, and an excellent example of what the band has to offer. The selections start with the hard rockin' "Bring On the Fire," the EP's first single as well as the band's first video. It continues with the softer, ballad-like "Rescindment," a song that shows the depth of Detrimental's artistic talent. "The Agoge" borders on metal, and has gotten more than one crowd moshing with its power and primal energy.Those that purchased the physical album may be wondering why this electronic release contains 5 tracks instead of the original three. Detrimental decided to include two additional recordings for the online release, both of which can also be purchased individually. The first of these is simply the radio edit of "Bring on the Fire," this version being free of profanity. The second is a song called "Move" that was recorded live. "Move" is a fast and intense song that is often played right before or after "The Agoge" at shows. In my opinion, the quirks and noise of this live recording add to its character, making listeners experience the same energy and insanity they would at a live Detrimental concert.I highly recommend the songs on this EP to any rock music fans that happen upon it. I'm looking forward to Detrimental's next album, and hope we'll hear more great music from them in the future.
Without peeking at a band photo, you'd never know that Massachusetts' extreme death metallers ABNORMALITY are female-fronted. Growler Mallika Sundaramurthy is every bit as brutal as George "Corspegrinder" Fisher. Musically, Abnormality excels at vicious high speed technicality, listing their influences as HATE ETERNAL, ORIGIN and SUFFOCATION. This three-song EP whets an insatiable appetite for more. Fiercely talented songwriters capable of creating hooks massive enough to hold several rotting carcasses, Abnormality definitely deserve a record deal. Relentless doesn't even come close to describing the quintet's vicious sonic onslaught, as they pummel and pulverize their way through an all too brief 14 minutes of murderous mayhem.
I loved their demo, their album is excellent, so what about this -their EP stuck in between?  Same as their other efforts: excellent.  The production is bit more cleaned up here than on the demo but that doesn't mean it's &#34;too modern&#34; or sounds plastic and pro-tooled. I am going to be watching for more from this band -another well done recording from them.  Both the demo and album are equally as good -though I am partial to the album... recommended to those into the heavier, faster more technical side of death metal.
Release is the best words to describe Down To Nothing with this being the most current recording along the lines of "The Most",  cranked up just a little more.  Power hardcore straight edge with concise breaks, shattering cymbals, power chords, and clear loud shouting vocals with clean crisp recording quality.  The split with 50 lions is another fine example of Down To Nothing with this style of delivery.
Another great album from COF!  They never stop making great music and ALL of it is tons better than the radio drivel we have slamming through our brains every day.
I don't imagine many people are contemplating buying &#34;Post Momentary Affliction&#34; these days, but I was listening to Mortification's latest release &#34;Scribe of the Pentateuch,&#34; and it made me want to tell somebody somewhere how good Mortification once was. &#34;Post Momentary Affliction&#34; was the second Mortification album I bought. The year was 1994 and I had purchased &#34;Blood World&#34; the week before. Up to that point I had listened to bands like Metallica, Focused, and Megadeth, but I had never heard anything as heavy or brutal as &#34;Post Momentary Affliction.&#34; Though not strictly death metal, there was enough death metal on &#34;Post Momentary Affliction&#34; to cause me to become a life-long fan of the genre. I wore out the cassette and eventually bought the album again on CD. Sadly Steve Rowe has been watering down Mortification's music ever since &#34;Blood World&#34;--to the point that I think &#34;Scribe of the Pentateuch&#34; is one of the most boring albums ever written--but for good old fashioned death metal that will stand up to anything by Deicide or Morbid Angel, there's nothing like this album. If you enjoy death metal and you don't have it, I highly recommend you give it a try. To my ears, it's still brutal!
Some people get annoyed when bands re-record songs. In this case, I think the main reason was so that the band had full rights to the song.Anyway, this re-recorded version of the hit &#34;Honestly&#34; is superb! Sounds a bit more polished than the original, and for once here is a band that does not sound like a bunch of old guys trying to hang on to what made them popular. They sound fresh and new! As far as I am concerned they could compete with any of today's more popular artists and give them a run for their money. Stryper is absolutely awesome at what they do, and this song is a great testament to the amazing love that God has for us!
that's right, this is the same Bruce Hall that sang on three amazing Agent Steel albums. Great technical speed/thrash metal in the style of classic late '80s.
OMG! This album is fantastic! Really good follow-up to The Jester Race. The songs are much heavier and more catchy in this album. Every song is fantastic!!! Jotun, Gyroscope, and Worlds Within the Margin are my favorites. If you're a fan of Melodeath Metal. This album is definitely worth it to purchase.
In Flames is an incredible Norwegian death metal band. Great vocals and heavy guitar. I pair them with As I Lay Dying, Still Remains, and Lamb Of God for a good metal playlist.
This album was the my gateway to metal when I was younger.  It's the album I judge others by.  Top-notch.
this record is awesome we miss the band jobs like this one, they totally lost the rut i hope this guys back to his roots the cd is 10-10 now is a clasic
I listen to this in my '89 Carlo (black) SS. Which seems particularly appropriate. Excellent music for the iron-willed, with extra-spacial bass playing, and a super cool knack for promoting a lifestyle without crutches. TIME TRAVEL IS NOT POSSIBLE!....I mean, I WANT OUT!
I have been looking for this for a long time being a big fan of Death and Control Denied. Chuck created really great music and when Shannon Hamm joined Death for Sound of Perseverance; I thought the album was killer. Then Death broke up sad to say and came Control Denied a project that Chuck started back in 1996.The project started off with Chuck, Shannon, Scott, and Chris Williams on drums. Chris Williams also played in Shannon Hamm's project which is this cd that started in 1999.Later Chris passed away from a car crash and Richard Cristy step in for Control Denied also Scott had some personal issues and Steve DiGiorgio came in on bass. They created Fragile Art of Existence. At this time Chuck was working on the next Album When Man and Machine Collide; which are some demo's on the Zero Tolerance demo but really don't do the music justice since they are just Chuck and Richard tracks. When Man and Machine has been delayed so many times people started to lose hope that it would never come out. When Chuck passed on December 13, 2001 metal lost a great metal hero. 10 years later the remaining members decided to finish the album and should be out December of 2012. Now this record; Shannon had same problems death of metal brothers Chris and Chuck and he also had a heart attack that put things on hold. I talked to him in person at the Death to All tour in Chicago and he told me that they were having a hard time getting a deal to get this record out. Knowing that this record is only a demo it gives you a idea what potential this record could have and I hope he is able to finish it.
This young musician found a great way to express his unique metal sound!  This is a must have for anyone who listens to Metalcore music.  Metalcore is a subgenre of heavy metal combining various elements of extreme metal and hardcore punk.
This is a band that everyone should have in their collection! Steve Lee has a voice that is amazing! He leff this world too young, but he lives on in his music & our hearts! Go buy all their CDs!
Just when I found a great band with talent the lead singer is in an accident and dies!!!  This band is incredible!!!  Definitely recommended album for AOR fans!
This is a pretty good album to start if you're new into Vidoll. The songs are all very well done. It's worth the money.
If you love Bulldog Courage pick this one up!  I bought it to do a memorial video and the song are awesome!
These guys are great! I put their sound up there with Flyleaf and Red. Great heavy sound with lots of energy!
I bought this album after buying its follow up Reigh Through Immortality. This was a solid first effort and I would have loved it even if I didn't already love their second album. These guys have a sound like Dimmu Borgir used to have in their prime. Solid symphonic black metal. I highly recommend this to fans of old Dimmu Borgir.
Check out this band, if you like metal and looking for a fresh sound give them a listen . Compelling video's too . Their front man Kyle Bolduc is genius. They are picking up a big following.  Rumor has it they will hit Coachella next year. Give em a ride metal fans .
Anyone who enjoys a good metal band will love Lydia Can't Breathe, they have a unique sound that makes their music one of a kind! Buy this CD, you will NOT be sorry!
This band is destined to be a major act in the blues genre. Hot Rocks Radio has supported this indie band for over 2 years now. You can request Sunny Liston tracks at [...]
This band does a lot of things right with this album. It sounds a lot like "Miasma" from The Black Dahlia Murder. It's produced and mixed very well, and all instruments are heard very clearly. The solos are pretty intense, too. These guys are now one of my favorite bands.
I can't believe these guys aren't making buckets of money. They are seriously better than 90% of the new "metalcore" bands out there... and they don't even use autotune. Buy this record if you are a fan of Attack! Attack!, Sky Eats Airplane, We Came As Romans, Of Mice And Men, The Devil Wears Prada. Seriously good stuff.
Why has this not been reviewed!?!?!?!?  I got this cd from hot topic and it is one of the most amazing cd's I have ever heard!  6 out of 5 stars.. if you consider yourself to be a metal fan then you better get this album, because you are missing out.  Words cannot express how much this album has enhanced my life.  I LOVE IT.
HISTORY OF THE MACC LADS - I1982  1983  1984  1985  1986  1987  1988  1989  1990  1991  1992  1993  1994  1995APRIL 1977- 3 bands perform at Macc's first punk concert at Glegg St Hall. Nine spotty kids:The Gutterpress (Ray No, Johnny Mard, Wilbur Clough)The Scum (Stez Styx, The Beater, Bammy the Bamster) and..The Lemmingth (Pott Shrigley, Muttley McLad, Cheeky Monkey).No one gets paid. Organiser: Mr S.Git.Dec 81: Muttley finds a Vauxhall Viva on the tip. The Lads make a recording of Boddies...ARGY BARGY1982Jan 82: Macc Lads play at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London. They write Twenty Pints inthe dressing room, and play both songs twice. They have yet to be invited back.Feb 82: Wilbur Clough turns into a poof. Lads record Now He's a Poof & Do You Love Me?Slimy Git sells Wilbur some life assurance.Mar 82: Lads record Eh Up! & Lads From Macc.Wilbur Clough run over by 'A rusty car with a vinyl roof.'Apr 82: Argentina invades the Falklands. Lads record Buenos Aires & Failure.Virgin offer a deal. Stez declines, deciding Mr Branson is a poof. Slimy Git unhappy.May 82: One Gallon cassette released. Melody Maker describe it as:'The most lewd, offensive and humorous offering of the year.'Jun 82: Infamy spreading. The bans begin. Pott Shrigley arrested for sheep molesting.Jul 82: Lads discover Al O'Peesha's hair is really a wig.Aug 82: Sweaty Betty taken over by the National Truss.Lads banned from the Rock Garden in London after a Gay Rights protest.Sep 82: Lads record Jingle Bells & Blackpool at a studio in Duckinfield.Fellatio Nell opens her famous cheese shop.Oct 82: Twenty Pints -The Video recorded at the Red Lion. Many ferrets appear.Nov 82: Uncle Knobby arrested in Athey St playground.Lads banned from Huddersfield Poly after violence at gig.Dec 82: Slimy Git releases Minge Pies & Mistletoe Xmas cassette. Sales figures unknown-he does not want to concern the Lads with 'financial mundanities'THE MOST BANNED BAND1983Jan 83: The Beater is dumped by Miss Macclesfield as he shares a house with 43 relatives,eats with his fingers and doesn't use toilet paper.Feb 83: The Lads receive 40p each for a gig in London. A nightclub owner is found batteredon the Northbound M6. Slimy sends a postcard from the Canaries.Mar 83: The Beater spotted at VD clinic after a gig in Huddersfield. Cassette sales reach 2000.Slimy Git holidays in USA.Apr 83:'Lemon Kelly's' in Macc wrecked after a gig. Manager's nose and barman's arm broken.LK's closes down. Lads banned from Macc for 2 years.May 83: Cheeky Monkey gains access to the nurses home.Chorley the Hord visits from Middlesbrough and is inauguratedJun 83: Eh Up! LP recorded in Duckinfield. Songs include Sweaty Betty, Get Weavin', BaggyAnne, & Saturday Night. No record companies will touch it with a s***ty stick.Jul 83: Charlotte voted 'Biggest Slag in Macc' for 2nd year running. With no takers for the LP,Slimy Git warns of financial doom. He cuts the Lads' wages and sells a helicopter.Aug 83: Stez emigrates to London. He stays 45 minutes.Slimy relents and allows the Lads to run up tabs in his pubs.Sep 83: The Beater in hospital with a poisoned liver.Oct 83: Bammy the Bamster treated for burns to the posterior.Nov 83: Cheeky Monkey escapes from the nurses home.He is very thin.Dec 83: Beater out of hospital. The band start gigging again.The infamous trip to Blackpool.THE GREAT BOGROLL FAMINE1984Jan 84: Official:- Stez has reduced the homosexual population of Macc to zero,(though rumour has it that there is a bloke in Bollington who drinks halves).Feb 84: Slimy Git absconds with the takings from the 100 Club gig. The search for Mr Git.Stez lets off the bloke in Bollington- (he has a note from his mum).Mar 84: New strain of penis-ill-in found in Baggy Anne's cleavage.The search for Mr Git is widened.Apr 84: Slimy Git found under the floorboards of a sweetshop in Hull.May 84: Dick Edd drinks 20 pints of Old Tom.He is blind for one month.Jun 84: The Beater receives a record number of Father's Day cardsand goes back into hospital-  with suspected AIDS. Stez disowns him.Jul 84: Mr Git allowed out of intensive care. Stez buys rubber gloves for poofbashing.The Beater diagnosed as "whinging hypochondriac" and discharged.Aug 84: Basher Braithwaite's sister becomes pregnant. Muttley is suspected.Sep 84: Muttley gets married. The Lads refuse to speak to him. Ray No washes the Viva forthe first (and only) time. It is brown. Bammy wins the sweep.Oct 84: Muttley gets divorced.Nov 84: The New Delhi opens in Macclesfield.Dec 84: The Great Toilet Roll Famine. Lads not on speaking terms. Git organises a sell out gigin Manchester,(in aid of an 'unnamed charity'). Muttley starts gigging as The Macc Lad.BEER & SEX & CHIPS N GRAVY1985Jan 85: Stez and Muttley involved in a vicious brawl: two pubs destroyed. Stez wins on points.One wing of Git Mansions gutted by a mysterious fire. Police search for: 'a miserableAsian in a leather jacket.'Feb 85: Cheeky Monkey's climbing frame is demolished by 'a rusty car with a vinyl roof'.Muttley accuses the Beater of being a Pakki.Mar 85: The Beater accuses Stez of being homophobic.Apr 85: Beater allowed out of the oxygen tent.Ray No and Pott Shrigley both injured by stale pies at a football match.May 85: Muttley convicted of assault with a dangerous weapon- a fine and suspended sentence.Slimy Git in receipt of a large insurance cheque.Jun 85: Slimy Git forms Hectic House Records. He offers the Lads 100 pints to make a record.Lads immediately back on speaking terms.Jul 85: A government grant is secured to finance the new record (the smallprint of Git's contract).Young Man applies to become a Macc Lad.Aug 85: Beer & Sex & Chips 'n' Gravy recorded at Bald Eagle's on the 22nd. Lads begin aEuropean tour. Stez shows Young Man how to offend foreigners. The Lads are banned,and only play the Antwerp show.Sep 85: Lads banned from a strip club in Bury for being too rude.The Beater teaches Young Man how to pull crack.Oct 85: EMI refuses to press the LP. A PR woman resigns- refusing to have anything to do with'those boys'. Stez arrested for bashing more than his fair share of poofs.Nov 85: After 2 years, the Lads do a gig in Macc with Cheeky Monkey playing drums.After lessons from Muttley, Young Man drinks his first unassisted pint. He is inaugurated,buys an afro wig, and adopts the name Winston Dread.Dec 85: Manchester Gallery gig is slyly videoed by Slimy Git.Beer & Sex & Chips n Gravy released on Xmas Eve.
I was into Crud from there first album which was defiantly good, with Monster Island they have upped there game.  I hear there influences, but there further defining there own distinct sound also.  The distorted male vocals (which make me think Industrial Cowboy for some reason) and the sexy female voice fit together perfectly.  Heavy guitars, beats and synths..  If your a fan of catchy Industrial Rock you can't go wrong with this album.  Ministry is gone now, I see Crud as the band carrying there torch.  If you just have the first record grab this one IT'S EVEN BETTER!  They are an underground group and defiantly need our support... you won't regret buying the mp3s or cd, I can't stop listening to it!
This album really came as a surprise to me! I bought this expecting to get a few good songs off of it just like their old cd, but it turned out that every single track on this album is AWESOME! No bragging rights has really taken a huge step with this new album. They have some awesome breakdowns in many of their songs and every song has a really catchy chorus. My favorite songs on the album are 6th and main, Empire disarray, Illuminator, the prospect, blind faith, and they threatened us with fire.  The entire cd though is definitely worth a listen.  I hope this band makes it big in the future!
How had I not heard of this band before? They are insanely good. They manage to keep the core sound of oldschool hardcore, but they layer it with this great metalcore-esque sound. The clean vocals and choruses are catchy, and the screams are brutal and you cant help but scream along. The lyrical content is good, clear, and inspiring. They are defiant and strong. Hell, No Bragging Rights deserves some serious bragging rights for this!
Well I saw this band almost a year ago and their music was decent to say the least. With the release of their new album they've incorporated many new elements into their music that wasnt there before.  The singer sounds much more mature and the music constantly surprises you with catchy riffs and chorus's.  I loved pretty much every song on the album with the exception of the first track and the interlude which makes it totally worth the money.  Give the album a few listens before writing it off!
Classic 80's rock from a band that wasn't that well known in the states. Some of the vocal stylings are a little rough but the guitars ring true. A great album for anybody that appreciates the hair bands of the 80's.
Britny Fox's debut album was always one of my favorites from the 80's hair bands, with songs like Girlschool, Long Way to Love, Save The Weak & Fun In Texas to name a few, this should be in any 80's hard rock fans collection.
I bought this song a couple days ago and haven't been able to stop listening to it. Very nice sound. I highly recommend this band for anyone that likes metal or hard rock or just likes to chill out to female singers. Adrianna is a kick ass singer. She has a beautiful rich singing voice and also a kick ass screaming/growling voice.
All the things you expect from a goth/symphonic metal outfit.  Melodic with lots of vampire fun and danceable, too.  Sonya Scarlet's unique vocal style is wondrous.
Awesome product from a awesome band. It is different that what i thought it might be but still good listening
I am new to this band and only discovered them on the great new release Moonlight Waltz.  In checking out their back catalog it seems their sound has evolved towards gothic though the black metal still comes through.  As the other reviewer stated Snowy Shaw's backing vocals on the first track are very effective.  I cannot find a bad track on this release.  It is amazing to me that this band is not better known as they are extremely talented.  They cross over to the goth world and fans of Epica, Within Temptation and even The Birthday Massacre should check this out.  You will not be sorry. Also check out the new video for Camilla on youtube. I like finding hidden treasures and this one will take your breath away.
I've often found that my favorite albums of all time start out with me hating them through the first run, liking them the second listen, and then loving them the third play through. Royal Thunder is a perfect example of this progression for me.There's something powerful in the slow, sexy, and dark aspects of this album that are primally appealing. After three runs through, there's a very deep hook that captures your imagination.This CD is most definitely worth your time. Give it a spin or two and I'm sure that you'll be intrigued at the very least.
I found this band on a musicians website and loved the one video I saw.  I took a chance and checked out the album.  It rwaks, start to finish. I highly recomend.  Check em out you'll love it.
This album is Awesome! I saw them in Boise, Idaho and they rocked the house there with Baroness. The band members were really cool to BS with too. Cant wait for Rthe next album
The White family - Buck and his two daughters, Sharon and Cheryl - were steeped in bluegrass, but this collection of their greatest hits from the eighties is a mainstream country album with the occasional bluegrass influence here and there. Though Buck and Cheryl are fine singers, Sharon sang lead on most of their hits with the other two providing backup harmony. The original albums from which this set was compiled gave Buck and Cheryl more opportunity to show their ability as lead singers. Sadly, those albums are long out of print.The album contains a great mix of ballads and up-tempo songs. These include You put the blue in me (a fine, up-tempo song), If it ain't love (an excellent cover of the Connie Smith classic), Give me back that old familiar feeling (a wonderful ballad) and Forever you (another superb ballad).Actually, all the songs here are excellent. If you like the music of Ricky Skaggs, you should enjoy this album, most of which was produced by Ricky.
Great group and great songs!  Good memories for me! Their voices go so well together! I would buy it again!
I don't know what happened to Marc Bonilla but I've always loved this CD. The music is instrumental and the tracks are exuberant and fun! The guitar work is exciting, fluid, and melodic with a nice edge to it. One of my favorite guitar CDs and it still sounds fresh to me.  If you like Joe Satriani's Surfing With the Alien, you should like this.  Comparatively EE Ticket is lighter and less intense.
if you like joe satriani, steve vai, paul gilbert and the similar styled instrumental guitar music then you'll like this two song demo. Looking forward to the coming album later in 2011!
This is the band at its best, Sixfeet Under is Hitting the paddle to the metal, hope this makes it to blu ray, to help clean up the picture, sound a little bit, but for a dvd, I give it 5 stars
If you have even a passing interest in GNR, Motorhead, AC/dc or on the more obscure level, Dirty Looks, or Cats in Boots then you owe it to yourself to catch up on the best kept secret of Rockford, Illinois.....And never has a band so properly described by their name......RIPT... as in Ripped muscular volume and Ript drunk abandon lyrics of sexual misconduct, rock for the sake of rock and in the case of the ballad "Nicole" ripped heartstrings of the uncommon sort of real love only a parent understands....turns out these guttersnipes do have a heart....if only for 4 minutes.....I cannot recommend this download highly enough....thanks and if it don't fit?......spit on it.  That is all.
I love these guys! They can thrash with the best of any band, male of female. And I can't see them selling out to the pop music world. Not many people I know have heard of them yet, but I'm doing my best to spread the word.
Think back.  Think good and hard. If you are a metal fan, how long has it been since you've bought an album and LOVED every - single - song.From the ashes of the Arizona desert...ladies and gentlemen...I give you Hemoptysis.This follow up to their now classic cult hit Who Needs A Shepard is the most refined and dialed in masterpiece you will ever hear from AN UNSIGNED BAND.  You heard me...they are still footing the bill for themselves and they are doing the greatest job under the sun.Now...on to the album.  If you are new to the band, I want you to focus on M.O.D., And The World Dies and Shadow of Death and you will instantly buy this.Musically, Hemoptysis draws from several different metal sub-genres including good old-fashioned thrash, Death Metal, Black Metal and Hardcore.Expect well tuned screaming vocals, tighter than a ducks A$$ guitar riffs, blast beats with an excellent sense of when to slow down and some of the most exciting break downs you've heard in a long time. Top it off with melodic SINGABLE guitar solos and we've got something we can be proud of again.Assuming you like screaming vocals, if you like Megadeth, Iron Maiden, Carcass, Death, Autumn's End and bands like that, you will eat this up.I'm not going to ramble on and on. Try it and see.Hemoptysis is here...that just happened. Pull the trigger and start a revolution.
THIS ALBUM IS TRULY THE HITS FROM DEEP PURPLE AT A GREAT COLLECTION OF THEIR BEST. WHERE ELSE FOR THIS PRICE AND QUALITY ARE YOU GONNA FIND THIS AVAILABLE TODAY? FROM SONGS LIKE , SMOKE ON THE WATER, SPACE TRUCKIN, WOMEN FROM TOKYO, BURN, YOU'VE GOT MORE THAN YOUR MONEYS WORTH IN SONGS AND MEMORIES. AND YOU STILL HAVE MORE GREAT ROCKING SONGS I HAVEN'T EVEN NAMED. SO GET THE ALBUM,TURN IT ON, AND KICK BACK AND START TAPPING YOUR FOOT TO SOME GREAT ROCK.ROCK ON,ROSCOPIKE
Can't get enough Deep Purple. I have been a fan since since the early 70's. I am not a big fan of greatest hits albums but this one works for me.
Its far different from the original Norwegian black metal sound. Seems to be national socialist black metal with only one former disiplin member. Its good despite the ideology (burzum, Judas Iscariot) and enjoyable. Love the grimy guitar sound and distorted vocals.  Good workout music highly recommend other releases by this band.
This is an awesome album....with Damien on vocals and the new "Broken Hope" singer.....can't wait to see this live.....they keep it brutal and make no mistake its not weak....they will crush you....
This album is densely packed with ridiculous riffs, wonderful melodies, and absolutely crushing (and confusing) rhythms.  I've heard it described as ADHD, which I get to a degree, but it has too much continuity to be kicked aside as just some spazzy band with no direction.  Each song clearly flows, even if it's with a really uncomfortable pace and structure.The title track alone is worth the purchase.  It starts with the main idea, builds and builds to a climax, then resolves, much like a good story.  The main theme is revisited throughout the song, even while other ideas are introduced.Amidst the death metal, there's a lot of jazzy chordage, djenty grooves, and I think there's a vocalist too.  I honestly forget he's there, thankfully.  Some people would cite this as a downside to the album.  I don't.  I like Anomalous for their guitar work.This album also brings lord Marco along for the ride, and he does quite well.  I wasn't expecting much variety in him after hearing him in brain drill.  He definitely adds to the musical experience, more than just keeping up.Easily one of the best records this year, and one of the best tech death releases ever.
I'm not really the one to review music, but this album has kept me entertained on many a boring drive home from work.
I found this band on accident and am glad I did. They have sick breakdowns, great vocals, and well written songs. This album is a must for fans of Asking Alexandria and Miss May I.
This is one of the finest metalcore albums I've had the pleasure to discover. Fantastic instrumentation, interesting lyrics, a nice blend between melodic singing and harsher vocals...it's got it all. Every single song is great and unique, but the first and last tracks are particular favorites. If you've enjoyed albums like All That Remains's "The Fall of Ideals" or August Burns Red's "Messengers", you will almost certainly get a kick out of "Death Dealers".
Another great album from a long time player in heavy metal. Desultory have been making music for many years and hopefully many more.
Expect great things from this Erosian Exile in the future. I came across the band through a social media link and tried out the video for 'Born In A Box'. The video, which was conceived and pretty much entirely executed by the singer/songwriter, is ready for prime time as it stands. That added to the incredible thought given to the band name and album concept produces quite the attractive package. Someone somewhere will give this lovely lady a real shot at super duper stardom. The album is not perfect, mind you. I gave the five stars primarily because the potential I see and hear. Now, the aforementioned 'Born In A Box' is perfect. Makes me feel an epic is inside of this lady. We shall see ...
Slave to Freedom is one of those albums that grabs you from track 1 and never let's go, her angelic voice over the hard rock guitar is an awesome duet.....definitely worth the money.
if you like metalcore/deathcore music and don't care what language it's in, Sarah, where is my tea is for you! Great coer music in any language...
This is my old band, so I'm biased....but it's still awesome and a great deal for three bucks.Buy it!
The new Devastation Inc. music is sick, brutal, and dynamic. If you like death metal music you sohould love this. Mark The Reaper has created brutal new music, in which each song sonds diffrent from the other songs. If you like Death Metal you should get this
This band did a great job on these covers, would love to hear more from them. They are a great hair/glam band that would have given Poison or Motley Crue a run for their money back in the day
I was able to get this CD before it was release straight from the band Saints of Ruin. I love the beat, Ruby Ruin's voice just crys in Slow Poison.. This is CD number three for them.FairytaleandNightmareYou can hear how Ruby's voice if even possible has improved. They are found under Goth music, but its really Rock.. The sounds, the music all just hit your very being as you listen. If you really enjoy music a little different, that makes you move, makes you want to sing along then check out Glampyre! If you ever can see them in person, the band is just outstanding!!
"Origins" has it all for a power metal fan, in my opinion. The vocals aren't cheesy, in fact they're closer to baritone most of the time, but Zeno Rodrigo hits high notes flawlessly as well. His voice is powerful and soars with ease. The guitars blaze with aggression and technical precision and the incredible drum work brings it all together. An amazingly talented and underrated band that's poised for great things. I look forward to future releases!Best songs: Bloodline, The Curse, Dying Force, Red Rain.
A tribute to the men and women of our armed forces who are willing to TAKE THE BULLET for you and i!
To start off with i am not a professional musician or a paid reviewer.  The only credentials i can offer is a lifelong love of music. And boy is this some lovable music! I think so anyway, if you're still on the fence, look them up on you-tube or their website and then buy it, because i know you'll want to!
If you like hardcore you can't go wrong with Facedown records. Its like getting a sampler platter from a high class restaurant for free..
This is a GREAT Christian metal mix cd that Facedown has come up with!!! Ready for the 2012 one though.
I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of music Facedown put out on this compilation and it's FREE! My favorites are by ITMOL's, For Today and Onward To Olympus.
Great Sampler.  Smart for them to give it away and attract new customers to existing bands.  Win Win For every one.
On a journey to discover more excellent music to headbang to, I've run into this, and I'm quite glad. A collection of 17 artists and different types of metal, it shows that one music label can be pleasantly varied. After this, I know of several new artists to look into, while reliving a few that I've known for a while.
Great sampler!  Almost every song on it is solid.  Got me interested in some great bands that I had never heard of.
Good to listen to while you are working motivates, and to me it is a collection of unknowns that are trying to break out and all worthy of listening to!!!!!!\m/..\m/
This is high quality Christian metal at an unbeatable price. Free. You really have absolutely nothing to lose. Obviously, if you don't like metal, like some of the other reviewers, this isn't for you. But why did they download this in the first place??? Sigh. Anyway, metal fans, this stuff is good. Trust me.
don't really listen to a whole lot of hard rock but i got this for workouts :) it works pretty well. i can't always understand but the beats still work :)
Can't go wrong with this one. It's seventeen free tracks of in-your-face metal, from experimental tracks to hardcore to thrash, it touches on many subgenres, sure to please anyone who even remotely enjoys any variation of metal.
All of the tracks on this sampler shred! Altars for sure has the best song on this sampler. Check em out man!!!
Good music for free, can't get better than this. While I didn't like all the songs on the album, the ones that I did like were good- especially for the price.
Great music from Facedown Records, I found a lot of new bands from this sampler. If you like post-hardcore and screamo, you can't argue with free!
Free music who can pass that up? If you are into the hardcore thing and Christian bands, this is a great way to hear some good bands for FREE!  Make sure you support the bands you like so they can keep on pumping out great tunes.
I didn't know what to expect from a recording I got for FREE on Amazon . . . but I am very well pleased with this! Good music that ranges from hard rock to metal-core. Hard hitting music with a great message. Yes, it's Christian bands, playing Christian music. I love it, and would recommend this to anyone who loves this type of music as I do; Not just the Christian part, but on the basis of the music alone. The focus of the lyrics is a huge plus, to me. I CAN'T BELIEVE I GOT THIS FOR FREE! Love it.
Randy wasn't sure from the beginning how his dad convinced him to take a summer job. Let alone in the same place where he worked. Randy wasn't an Agent like Dad. He was only working as a Level 0. Besides it being a top secret lab, he was still just a janitor.Often, he saw a monkey in a lab coat running through the halls (Dad said to stay the Hell away from it; one of the few times he ever looked scared). Once, he saw one of the scientists holding a camcorder and following a six-foot-tall thing with eight legs and four arms; he hoped it was some kind of robot even though it didn't move like one. And he really wondered why they let that one man walk around in nothing but a bathrobe even though everyone looked like they hated him.All of this, Randy saw while cleaning the floors or emptying the garbage cans. And then there was that tree. Though it creeped him out, he liked being in its courtyard because he could at least see the sky there. He had the job of cleaning up what came out of one side of the tree. He especially didn't like doing that. The smell alone was terrible, and it steamed up his glasses so that he had to keep cleaning them, leaving him almost completely blind.Randy really really wanted to know what Dad was thinking, putting him through this. Even though he got to see a lot of weird stuff, it was a totally crap job.Meanwhile, in another part of the same site, a member of the administrative staff was speaking to an Agent.&#34;Agent Foxtrot, I'm glad that I managed to speak to you at last.&#34;&#34;I'm always available to speak to a superior, Sir.&#34;&#34;I was looking through the site's personnel roster and I noticed a strange discrepancy. For some reason, I saw your name listed twice. One as an Agent, and one as a Level 0 worker.&#34;&#34;Yes, Sir. This is correct.&#34;&#34;I also noticed that the lower ranked Randy Foxtrot is somehow assigned to aid in maintaining an anomalous object, despite being Level 0. And I assume that you had something to do with this. Is that also correct?&#34;&#34;Yes, Sir. Is there anything else?&#34;&#34;Damn right, there's something else! I demand an explanation!&#34;&#34;May I speak candidly, Sir?&#34;&#34;If that gives me an explanation, then yes.&#34;&#34;Well, Sir, I'm sure you know that I'm going to retire in about a year. After that, the Foundation becomes nothing more than a memory. I wanted to leave this place with one less regret. That's all. I had to pull in a lot of favours for this to happen. The boy is still going to be given amnesics after this is all over. And I bet that my last year with the Foundation is going to be pure Hell. But I had to do it.&#34;&#34;All this. Sacrificing the rest of your career and risking your pension. Just for him. Why?&#34;&#34;I raised Junior from when he was an infant. I love him like a son. I feel proud every time he calls me Dad, even though I know it's not the truth. I wanted to do this last thing for him while I still could. I wanted, just once, for him to meet his real father.&#34;As Randy began to leave the courtyard, one of the tree's branches bent down in front of his face. The eyeballs at each tip hovered mere inches away from him, seeming to take in every feature. The branch, looking so much like an arm, then reached for his head and&#8230; tousled his hair? After that, the branch once again pointed back up to the sky. This place is weird.
Nice and good Christian metal. Need more like this. Some songs are nice and heavy, some are dark, and others are melodic.
Its an awesome mix of some awesome christian bands. Pick it up you won't regret it. Especially if its still free.
GOOD MUSIC TO LISTEN TOO WHILE DOING ANYTHING LIKE DRIVING DOWN AN ALLEY OR SOMETHING IN THAT MANNER EVEN IF YOU DRIVE A MINI VAN. AT LEAST TWENTY LONG WORD REVIEW ACHIEVED.
This album does a great job of showcasing a fresh take on traditional hard rock music. Its a well made album with each track providing something new and original. If you like hard rock music, you will love this album.
Amorphis always the best - Tomi Joutsen always the best singer-this is one of those songs you can't get the melody out of your head and want to listen to over
I fell into this group from the Walter Mitty soundtrack. The Wolves and the Ravens just resonated with something... it is a very easy album to listen to, very easy to love.... and almost impossible to describe correctly. Something soft and soothing.. a little folk influence, but not enough that i would call it folk music... just do yourself a favor and listen. go to You tube, search for them, and then buy their albums. you won't regret it