I was in the Army and I expected something that was going pump me up. If you like parade music this is OK but if you want some motivating music, this isn't it.
Not the more upbeat version I was looking to add to the Throwback Road Music playlist.  My own fault.  I should have been in less of a rush.
Sorry, can't review the song because the dam n thing won't download . . . no matter how many hoops I jump through.  Won't ever buy anything again from Amazon.  Rip off!
I want a regular CD.  I was all set to order the four volume set, but I don't want to be bothered to create a CD.  I'll have to go buy media, etc.
I have most of these songs on and old LP, and indeed these are very poorly transferred recordings.  Some of the tracks do not have the correct song titles.  And all of them are very poor quality sound, with mono instead of the beautiful stereo from the original masters.  Interestingly enough, this is not an Amazon.com issue.  The very same poor digital files are in evidence on the iTunes store for this album.  I am getting ready to contact Amazon.com customer service regarding this issue.  These recordings do a gross disservice to the fine legacy of Danny Davis & the Nashville Brass.
Not one of the songs listed is what you actually get.  I was trying to get the song "You can't stop love" and ended up with fun on the Bayou.  Someone should really fix this!!
This is the biggest disappointment I have had from amazon digital downloads.  The sound is crummy, there are huge gaps of empty space at the end of some tracks.  No good.  Find another album!  I am going to see about getting my money back on this one!
I should of listened to the samples. I saw 1 good review and purchased. These are bad re-recordings. Amazon needs to mention this in description. I will delete them all. Never again Amazon. I was delighted with your mp3 downloads until now.
Terrible sound and quality...have taken it off my Kindle...I don't need 11 more words to describe it....other than don't buy it
Very, very few of these songs are the originals. Most are re-recordings by the original artist who is now many years older and not what most of us want to listen to. I agree with one of the other buyers: These are not the songs you would expect to hear and Amazon should note that in the display.
This is the first, ever, downloaded album that would not play all the songs. I even contacted Amazon and their tech walked me through several fixes, all which did not work. I ended-up getting a refund and deleting this album.
I purchased this to use on a DVD video that I was making for a friend.  It could be listened to, but not used for the purpose that I had purchased it.  I was very disappointed.  It would be nice if they could state when it could not be copied to a DVD.  I also wish Amazon had a review feature where you could hear part of the music before purchasing.
You find copies like this in Dollar Store's and you feel ripped off! Cheap to say the least as the music was ripped from vinyl records and not pristine neither.The worst of deals and I would bet they didn't pay any royalties either.Run away and save your money..
Purchased the mp3 album a few minutes ago and 2 out of 11 tracks were downloaded.  No idea how to deal with this problem as can't find any feedback possibilities.  I have purchased mp3 albums for a few years ... the new site options and &#34;Cloud&#34; pushing screens are frustrating.  Can't rate a purchase that never arrived.  Buyer beware
"Somebody's knocking" on this album will provide minutes of joy to any unsuspecting party.  Don't drive and listen to it or you will run off the road.
grrr...this is not a compilation of the original theme songs, but re-recordings of other people performing them.$7 wasted.
Cheap lithargic knock offs. Every one sounds too slow. Who makes these albums? Where is the profit in remakes of TV themes?
more like R+B POP not BLUES very disappointed after sampling songs would not list this as blues I don`t hear it
Very Disapointed,  I was looking for something I could burn to a CD and play it on my Karaoke machine.  Once this was downloaded to my PC.  I was unable to burn the songs to a cd.  I will never download anything again!!!I have had Karaoke cd shipped to me and are very satisfied
I was a fan of Marti Jones back in the day and even saw her play live once. I was glad when I saw there was an album with new material and didn't think twice about buying it. I should have listened to the previews first. I'll just say that I didn't like this material and leave it at that, out of respect for a musician whose previous work I respect.
these are NOT the original songs that we all know and love.  well, they ARE, but they are re-recorded with very poor music and sound like you opened up a large barrel and put a band down in there to play.  this should have never got released.
I want to download load to my computer but there is no option to do this with. What is with this.
These are not the hit versions, but mostly later remakes in STEREO. If you want the originals, this is not the CD for you.
Well, the old saying is true!  You get what you pay for.  Clearly when a new CD costs less than the shipping. . . something's up and it ain't good!!  I have the Pickwick 33 1/3 version of this album from my childhood and was really looking forward to getting this album on CD.  I know full well the difference in the sound quality of the Sun recordings of Johnny Cash versus the Columbia Records recordings of Johnny Cash.  But holy smoke!!  I was not prepared for this disaster.  The sound quality of this CD is so damn bad it reminded me of how when I was about 12 years old I would stick a tape recorder next to the stereo speaker to make my own recordings of music from the radio or a record album.  The only difference between this CD and some of my early forays into recording is the sounds of the occasional barking dog, slamming door, or sirens in the background are not present on this CD.  But come to think of it, this CD must have been produced by a 12 year old kid. How else do you explain this mess?  I would have given this CD 1/2 of a star, but that's not possible.  So I gave it an additional 1/2 star for the enterprising 12 year old who put this CD out.  This is by far the worst CD purchase I have ever made.  Ever.
I have bought a total of 5 Original Recordings, 2 Brenda Lees, this Johnny Cash, and 2 Miracles. All of them are impossible to listen to...their quality is horrible. However, out of the 5, this one, Johnny Cash is the worst of the 5. Someone back at Amazon should be made to listen to this CD and suffer through the poor sound. I have had to look to Ace and Sun Records to buy a great sounding record. As a matter of fact, I am currently listening to a clear and beautiful version of a Brenda Lee that I bought from Ace records. I will be replacing this Johnny Cash one is coming from London without the Original Recording label.
I am sick and tired of re-recordings of the old hits. Most people who love the 1950's and 1960's music want the ORIGINAL recordings, period. Do not waste your time on this collection.
I don't know Paul's work well, mainly I know him from his fun song on the Singles soundtrack.  But for forty-nine cents, this sounded like fun.It turns out 49 also refers to the number of minutes I spent trying to figure out how to actually listen to the song after paying for it.  I gave up.
Very frustrating.  After quite a bit of time spent fumbling about trying to buy it, downloading the download software, etc -- I discovered by googling it (actually looking for another source to buy it from), that Amazon is NOT selling the music, despite the fact that it's listed here.  There's no notice saying you can't buy it, just a deactivated price button.  Nice job, Amazon.  You could make it a bit clearer.  Maybe a big banner saying CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE or something like that so that even a dumb monkey like me could figure it out.  What a waste of my time.  You guys suck.  With a capital S.U.C.K.
the good news is, it only cost me [...] cents.  This album is crap.  Paul lost his "magic" 20,000 beers ago.  the recording sucks, the songs are simple and jumbled and not at all interesting -- it seems like he was going for some pollard-inspired thing here.  thing is, he has never had that kind of ability.  'let it be' was good, 'tim' was ok, stink was decent, 'sorry ma' had some good songs.  that's pretty much it -- yet all the now middle aged nostalgics love to hang onto the idea that everything a guy like this puts out is the greatest thing going.  i am here to tell you, it isn't...
Kristen is a fine artist and the free download from this album, Angel Toes, is a good song.  I object to what seems to be the only file format for downloading this music (or any music on Amazon):  MP3.  MP3 is such a horribly lossy compression format as to make music virtually unlistenable.  How else could a 3+-minute song be rendered into less than 6 mBytes!MP3 is such a low-resolution format that it insults the music - unless you have cloth ears or only listen through plastic computer speakers or a little pocket player.  When played through even a moderately good sound system, the inherent harshness and nasal sound quality will quickly produce a headache.  My wife, a genuine Kristen Hall fan, could not turn it off quickly enough.Why doesn't Amazon offer hi-rez music downloads?  24/192 would be great, but even CD redbook quality (16/44.1) would be an improvement over this trash.  I certainly will not buy this in MP3 format, and cannot recommend it to anyone else, either.Kristen and Amazon, if you are listening, how about a format for those of us with trained ears?
the cover alone tells you that this isnt alt. country....then listen a little and you hear that this is nashville country and very pedestrian
Yes, I WISH I had read this before I purchased the item. They're ALL newer recording of the old songs. Baaaaaaaaad. ICK! I did not see that it was by K-Tel.I'll definitely be more careful.
I ordered 4 versions of the song. This one was such a dog deleted it after I paid for it.
i have not got to use because of kindle malfunctiion and had to return it to best buy ans so it is useless ti me
Really bad and not upbeat as I was hoping as I played it near someone who was going onto the next life.  If I could have sent it back I would have - now just trying to delete it from the kindle.
I don't understand why there is a 48 track download linked to a very different CD called "Appalachian Stomp". I'd really like to download "Appalachian Stomp", but the CD is not the same as the link to "Bluegrass Classics" download - check the tracks listed - not at all the same! Very annoying.
i bought it on a recommendation. too dark and full of self pity, this cat needs to smoke some grass and rethink a few things
Buyer beware. This is a different singer. I don't know who this is, but it can't be Zac Brown singing.This sounds ok, but i was looking for an album by the the band from Atlanta GA. I'm only giving it a one star because the labeling is not clear.
I didn't know that Toad The Wet Sprocket had a greatest hits album and after my Amazon.com purchase I still don't know. After downloading my MP3 ALBUM I find It only has one song on it! Amazon mistake? Or album rip-off? I still don't know.
I believe this is very misleading, i thought i was buying the album Paranoid by Black Sabbath, there shoudl be some warning that this is not the original Paranoid album, this is borderline fraud and very misleading.  Shame on you Amazon.
What can I say ... this is not Black Sabbath, guess i will say it again ...this is not Black Sabbath.
This is the poorest remake of a supposedly CD that I've ever downloaded.  It has much noise and clicks thruout.  I am a collector of Old music and I realize how tough it is to maintain the quality recording from 1 media type to another.  This one appears to have been copied from a well used 33 1/3rpm record with no noise reduction used before digitizing.  I will probably not purchase any more downloaded music through Amazon.  Apparently once you have downloaded it, it is yours.  I could find no way to return my purchase.
If I could give this NO stars, I would!  As much as this CD sucks, you should hear him in person.  Thank God he only played at local, redneck bars because without lots of alcohol, my ear drums would have left the bar!  Stick to selling RVs!
I love this song and I want to use this song as ringtone for my iPhone. I can not figure it out but it is not in my iPone. What a waste for a good song and I am upset that it is not working with my iPhone.
Buy the Biggest Looser Workout Music, with those they are actually professionally done, unlike this waste of cash.  Quality of recording is poor, way to slow to be considered a "workout" mix.
I like Lil Rev but Amazon seems to have trouble with delivering the product. If you try to download it will crash and not complete the download process leaving you with nothing. I tried it twice but with no luck. You will still get charged for it however and amazon will send you a nice message saying."As indicated on the product detail page, at the time of purchase, and in the Amazon MP3 Music Downloads Terms of Use, music downloads are not returnable once they have been purchased.Best regards,DaneAmazon.com"
Don't waste your money. They didn't misspell the artist's names. These are not the originals. A couple sound close but most of them suck.
Really would like a refund on this one.  Really not what I expected and is a disappointment  would purchase another
I hate to say it, but when I finished this album, I had to turn on some John Denver & Dave Matthews to help my ears heal.  Another review implies that Steve Lee is insincere in his pro-gun public stance, and now I think there might be some merit to that accusation.  This is such a horrible attempt at music, I have to believe all involved with its production did it as a spoof on us gun owners.  I have a hard time accepting that this could be anything but parody, as the lyrics are so hokey and the recording production so amateurish.  Even the covers don't seem well-rehearsed; after Steve Earle's brilliant recording of "Devil's Right Hand," I fail to see why anyone would believe it needed to be covered in the same style, except as filler.  Most gun owners I know walk upright, don't breathe through their mouths and have at least some appreciation for the arts.  Besides respecting the Founders' intent behind the 2nd Amendment, we also generally respect the work that goes into a solid, honest album of music, regardless of genre.  We didn't hear any evidence of that in this album, and I'm fairly uncomfortable with the notion that leaders of gun rights advocacy groups have somehow embraced the title track as some sort of anthem for the cause.  At least neither Chet Atkins nor Charlton Heston had to live to hear this.Seriously, pro-gunners, this doesn't help.
If you want to listen to a grown man whine about not knowing what to do, or whine about messing up his life, this is your album. I found the whole CD very unappealing. It's too bad, because this guy has a great voice.  Be aware that these tracks are (cough, cough) "inspirational." And by inspirational, I mean insipid. I wish someone had warned me off before I wasted money on it.
These are re-recordings by a totally bogus group. Their copycat renditions are lame. Yes they somehow own the name "The Vogues" but it's not really The Vogues.Consider yourself warned!>  Get:  The Vogues "Greatest Hits"  on Rhino instead
Look, Listen, and Learn.  Whenever these fake ass rappers try to sell albums.. DON'T BUY'EM!  What a complete fail for everyone involved including me.  Country Crap Rap is more like it, i've heard better country songs and I can't stand country.  So whoever decided to create this waste of plastic can easily use this as target practice.  It's not gangsta and it has no business being on the market, besides to take a dump on.
Let's be perfectly honest about this. It's a RAP CD, not bluegrass at all. If you like bluegrass music but not rap music avoid this at all costs. The background music is great but the rap is....just that - Rap. Don't expect anything more than another profanity laden rap CD.
What a joke and an insult to bluegrass music.  Bill Monroe is tunring in his grave.  If you don't know who Bill Monroe is then you don't know what bluegrass music is.  You can't mix(C)rap (it's not even music) with traditionally great bluegrass music.  Artists actually play instruments in bluegrass music!!  The musicians are actually talented (see Bele Fleck, Sam Bush, Brian Sutton, Del McCroury Band, Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder, Alison Krauss & Union Station..and the list goes on...)  I couldn't find anything that was even close to the bluegrass sound.  There is no place for profanity in bluegrass music.  It is PURE MUSIC!!!  Stick to your crap rap and leave bluegrass music alone!!!!
Last two (2) tracks are abruptly truncated before song ends with no lapsed time between tracks.  Poor quality MP3 download.  Would not reccommend download purchase for this item.
Keep your damn downloads.  Went to send it to CD and it disappeared and no way to contact you.  So much for downloads.
I would have loved to purchase this album, but with just about every song marked explicit, and because I care what my kids hear, I will not buy it.
Very poor copy, doesn't have the fire of a true Hoyt Axton recording.  I won't buy this for 25 cents for the all the tracks
The worst version  I have ever heard sorry I can't return it.Garth brooks has a much better version I thought I was getting that one. Be careful listen first.
When I bought this album, I thought it was actually Garth Brooks! IT WAS NOT!!!! It sounded nothing like him and a poor tribute. Don't waste your money!
Not Garth at all. Very misleading!!!! Sounds similar to Garth, but doesn't really come close. This is a wast of time and money.
im very disappointed this is not what I expected at all and Im frustrated that I cannot return and get my money back!!!  I wish I could have listened before I downloaded!
It may be that it just isn't my kind of music but I thought this entire album was an uninspired mess.
When ordering this product, I thought I was ordering a karaoke CD that I would receive in the mail to use on my karaoke machine.  When not receiving it, my sister reviewed my order and explained that I ordered music for a MP3 player.  I don't own a MP3 machine, so I downloaded this cd to my computer.  What good is a karaoke CD without the words.  I am very dis-satisfied with this order, I am out $8.99. and will never order from Amazon again.  V E R Y  Dis-satisfied!!!
The audio quality on this song is baaaaadddd!It is hard to even hear the vocals throughout most of the song.
Great song, crappy recording.  What do you you expect for free streaming on Amazon Prime.  Bummer, I haven't heard this for a while.
Not only are these covers but they are covers sung badly by people who can't sing.  This is truly a worst buy and hopefully Amazon will remove it from the list of availalable music.
I thought I was ordering a CD not a download --I don't even know how to download music.I don't have a ipod.Thank you
Thought that Country Kings implied it was wrote by famous country artists (i.e. Various Artists).  However,  Country Kings is nothing more than an unknown country group singing famous country songs.  Terrible Purchase.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! While these are Mercury label recordings from the early 1960s, the sound quality is absolutely HORRENDOUS! Whoever did the mastering here should be embarrassed at themselves. The artist sounds like he is shoved into a coffee can. I know a thing or two about how to properly remaster vintage recordings for commercial CD release. This one doesn't cut it!!
I did not enjoy this album at all.  This is just not my kind of music, it turned out.  may be you like it.
The quality of the sound on this stinks.  It's tin sounding, it reminds me of someone recording a vinyl LP played at a party.  The song is great, but I should have bought the album/CD instead, I feel like a ripped myself off by buying this MP3.  Buyer beware.
Joni Harms is wonderful!!  The CD was extremely poor quality, full of skips, missed tracks, really disgusting.  I should have returned it but I was so upset I just threw it away!!
So it does not make it clear when you purchase this that you are purchasing a knock off that is not a very good one at that. Disappointed.
I wanted the Ty England song, not the version of. Suck. Stuck with it. If I could return it, I would.
There were only two songs that my family enjoyed.  The rest of them sound all alike. That being said, Three2U harmonize better then any group I have ever heard and if they would do a more cohesive uniformed album I would buy it just for the way they blend.
I liked a couple of songs but didnt at all like the voice singing them. I couldnt relate to any of the other songs.Catchy CD title but didnt deliver.
The only reason I've even bothered to write this review is to alert those looking at this collection to make sure they listen to the samples before making a purchase.  This is a female vocalist (whom I do not know)  not a Billy Vaughn collection.  BEWARE!!!!
Terrible, terrible, terrible.  This is someone's PERSONAL version and singing, NOT THE ORIGINAL ARTISTS.  I should receive a refund.  Ridiculous that they do not have to CLEARLY let people know that this is a KAROKE version!!!!!!
Once again I did not realize it wasn't exactly what I wanted.  I'm new at ordering  on line and was looking for music for my phone.  This product was useless to me.
Song downloaded was "He'll Do It Again".  I wanted "Take Me Through This Valley".  I tried several times to download this song.  Right now I have two (2) "He'll Do It Again" and no "Take Me Through This Valley".
This is false advertising! Its not even the real artists singing . Its some pretty horrible sounding strangers...Waste of 8.99
Not at all what it appears!  I should have been way more careful and read the reviews BEFORE I purchased.  It was a total waste of money since I completely deleted the album from all my music libraries.  YUCK!
I didn't realize that these songs were not by the real artists until I listed to them today. They are awful ! Do't even bother.
I already deleted this from my files. The songs are NOT performed by the Original artists! Disappointed and what a waist of money!!!!
If there was any way to get my money back on this I would.  It is absolutely horrible.  I am not predjudice in any way and I hope I am not offending anyone,  but the man singing sounds "Oriental" and the songs are completely ruined.  He doesnt make Country music sound good at all.  I am so disappointed in this MP3 download.
THE songs are not performed by the orgianal artist. I am a Wedding Dj and people who know thier country would be insulted if I played this. Waste of Money!!CAn I get a refund?
This is a total rip-off.  NO WHERE does it state these are NOT by the real artists.  So furious with amazon for selling this crap!  Shame on your amazon we as consumers expect more from you!
Very misleading.  All songs are covers of the original songs.  Waste of money.  Title should clearly state that they are covers of 2012 songs.
Very misleading. These singers are not the real singers. I would not recommend it if you are thinking about getting it.
I should have been more observant. These song are not by the original artist. Not nearly as good. This should be much easier to see before you order.
sorriest sounding group I ever heard, total rip off, do not buy this terrible attempt to sing other artists music
How about somewhere you put this is NOT by the original artists. An absolute waste of my money period !!
This is not by the artists who preform these songs on the radio. It is some no name band playing them. waste of 7$
This is NOT the individual artists that sing these songs.  None of them sound as good as the originals and some of them I can't stand to listen to.
This is not by the original artists....which I thought was the case when I bought it.  It wouldn't be bad if they even sounded good.  It's almost as bad as the local drunks singing karaoke!
This is terrible!!!!! Horrible singers!!! Please don't waste your money it's worth the difference to buy the real singers! Lol
Should've bothered to read the reviews on this before purchasing. Not the original artists. Does not mention that at all in product summary.
I should have been paying more attention before I downloaded this one.  I assumed the songs were by the original artists but they are NOT!  Some are well done but many are just ridiculous.
it was not as excepted it was not the original artists and didn't even sound like the the original songs
Thankfully it was not a bunch of money and you get what you pay for. They are top hits because of the artist that originally sing them. If you want the original artists that WE all have listened on the radio and in person singing these songs DO NOT BUY THIS! These people that are singing on this album are talented but in no way even remotely sound like that the original artists. Very disappointed!! Wished I read the reviews before buying, but that is what happens when I get excited about seeing a collection of great songs while using my phone to make the time go by faster while waiting in line. Do NOT buy this album.
I guess I wasn't paying enough attention when I bought this, but it is all covers of the hits. This is not at all what I am looking for when I buy a bunch of hits, I want the songs that I heard on the radio. I guess I should have listened to the samples, so my mistake, but I was very disappointed. Not even going to put these songs on my ipod.
So disappointed. I thought I was getting a really good deal with the latest country artist who actually sing these songs and turns out it's a knock off. Original lyrics but not the artist. And now I can't even get a refund!
This is not the original artists and they sing worse than some of the contestants on American Idol.  Songs not even close to sounding like the original take.  Waste of your money
This is one of those times if I could leave NO STARS I would have. This is my fault because I trusted amazon when I should not have been say, mixing booze with the Internet. Lol. It really sucks bad and when something has reviews like this the site should remove that product.
This album is the worst purchase ever! Its a NOW collection so I expected it to be the actual artists who sang the songs. Not even close!! They were hokey knock off covers!! Amazon, can I have my money back? Or trade this?? Seriously didnt even allow the download to finish im so mad! If there were negative stars id choose that.
I got suckered into this thinking it would be great......wrong I would like to get my money back. do not waste your money...run while you still can....that's my twenty words
Not the original artist, just the theft of good music from the original artist. I wanted the radio versions of the songs,, not karaoke version
SAVE YOUR MONEY.  NOT REAL ARTISTS!  THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A GOOD DEAL BUT THIS IS A RIPOFF!  BUYER BEWARE!
Not a great item if you are looking for quality country artists. I did not do my research only to find out this CD is like going to karaoke.  Not good karaoke either.
These are covers by a House Band. Unfortunately all the songs sound the same. A few of the titles are real favorites in our house and folks did not know the songs. Avoid this purchase.
Horrible, horrible, horrible! Firstly, I didn't realize it wasn't the real artist and then, secondly, the artist (whoever it was) is awful!
horrible cover bands, dont bother..... i was sorry i bought this album. save your money and go with the original artists
Disappointed in this purchase did not realize it's cover bands not original groups that made the songs popular. And of course it's not returnable.
these songs are sung by some random guy not the original artist and some of the songs do not even have words they are just the music
Seems like a blatant misrepresentation. &#34;Take a Back Road&#34; specifically sounds awful! I only point that out because it was one of the first I listened to. This is ridiculous. What a rip off. Next time, when something seems too good to be true, I'll make sure I read the reviews first.
It wasn't what I thought it was going to be at all. Sounds nothing like John  Iwas very disappointed in it.
Save your money. This is not the mix you hear during the opening credits. I would return it if I could.
just the tv version, the original is better. I really wish I had not bought it. Is there a way to get a refund?
Don't like this version at all. Not Hunter Hayes. Too country for my taste. I thought I was getting hunter Hayes singing.
Not original artist sound like it was recorded on a mic in front of a load speaker with a bad band playing. Stay away
Absolutely horrid sound quality. Sssibilance that is not present in the original LP. Buy the LP instead. Zero stars if I could give zero stars.
The songs are good but the audio is terrible. I do not recommend this album unless you like to hear singing down a long tunnel because that's what it sounds like.
likeliterallyhow can something this bad even existoh my godi justthis is so badi cant evenjust run away
....sorry to be negative, but it sounds like the "bunch" of songs on the album were all wrote in a day.
The Album is Ok. You can sure tell Paul's not in the band anymore. We miss him.  Regret and Neil Young are Great songs.............
??? This is not the Stanley Brothers ... it's Bill Monroe, Flatt & Scruggs (maybe when F&S were with Monroe). And what's with the cover art? MS Paint and a photograph? I'd be leary of steering any money to whoever put this album together.
I did not like this song at all. And I usually love country music. Just not the song for me.
I understand these are not the original artists (which I failed to read the fine print, my fault), however the replacement singers aren't even close!!  Big waste of money and I will never buy another album here.
Bastards stole from my wallet!!! These are Sad and BAD attempts at Karaoke junkys singing OUR favorite songs!! Heck, I can outsing most if ot ALL these yahoos on this album, HAD I know these where NOT original artists copys, I would NOT have waisted my hard hard earned $!!! This is the 2nd Time Amazon has allowed Scum Bags to steal $$ from me.. I'm a very good amazon custome and I feel taken advantage of.
NOT ORIGINAL MUSIC, more or less crappy covers. Luckily I only purchased one song so I didn't waste too much money.
It did not say anywhere on this page that these were not the original artists. (As of this review, it is still not posted on the site.) Do not waste your money on this album. You will be disappointed!
Maybe the average sucker can't tell the difference between Luke Bryan's voice and some studio goon, but for me it's painfully clear that every song on hear is a cheap knock off.  I just don't get, why go to the trouble, why not just sell the real and finalized copies of the songs?  Buy songs from real labels and musicians, not from these weird knock-offs.
The song is not right... I thought I was getting patty loveless and this is not her.
Not sure how this ended up being bought I did not purchase.  I noticed it was purchased without my knowledge.  This something I would not buy.
DON'T BUY THIS. IT'S A POORLY DONE TRIBUTE ALBUM. NO ORIGINAL ARTISTS.  I LOOKED AGAIN AFTER PURCHASE, SAW NOTHING SAYING ANY OF THIS.
Chris claims to be the original performer for guilty as charged per a radio interview in 2013 on a Pittsburgh Froggy station....False. Benton Blount orginally recorded Guilty As Charged with permission from the song writer on his self titled CD in 2012. Save your money. Chris doesn't care about fans, Chris cares about Chris..
RIP OFF Artists!!! These are karaoke songs at best! The seller did a GREAT jOB of Tricking me into thinking you are getting the REAl DEAL songs.. EVERYONE is sang from a wannabe big star type artist. THESE ARE NOT Original hits sang and recoreded by the REAl Artist. THIS is the 1st time I have been dooped on Amazon. I feel like Amazon allowed these yahoos to reach into my wallet and steal $12 right outta my account.Wish I could rate NEGATIVE Stars!! Gggrrrrrrrr...
Amazon needs to clearly label that this song is a tribute. This is not Tyler Farr. I thought it was a compilation cd like WOW is. This was my first mp3 purchase through Amazon, and unfortunately I didn't quite understand the navigation and how to listen to a preview. This will be my last mp3 purchase through Amazon...back to Google for me!
I thought the songs would be by the original artists. Most of the time it sounds nothing like the original.  Very disappointed.
This album sucks its not the original artists. It is a total rip off. Not worth the money you have to pay. Now I know way the price was low, you get what you pay for.
not original artist,,, its a rip off.. not happy with this purchase. I want my money back to purchase original artist music
When I ordered this CD I didn't realize the songs were no sung by the original artist.  It was not clear and I actually have not seen anything to suggest that the songs would not be by the original artist.  Very Disappointed!!!!
Thought this was a great price for getting 45 of the Top Country songs.  However don't be surprised to get it and it doesn't sound like the actual band that wrote and played the song to make it famous.  It sounds like a remake of people in a studio.  Was very disappointed and unhappy about this purchase and is unable to return for this is an MP3 Purchase.  The demo doesn't sound anything like the download.
RIP OFF
I only gave it one star because I had to! Save your money. IT SUCKS! Most of the singers are really trying to hard and are playing up a fake country accent!
What a rip off, bad, bad, bad, bad, reproduction of good music. I would get my money back if I could, as I have already earased it from my playlist
I did not like the style of his singing. I have one other cd by John that is so great  that I play it all the time over and over. It is a much earlier recording and his voice and style is so great. But I was very disappointed with this cd. I love the old style. I will probably never play this cd again. Money wasted.
Was very disappointed.  I thought I was buying a karaoke song, but instead it was only the music, no words I could sing by.  Wish I could return it, have no use for it.
not happy at all. wish i could get my money back for this crap. not the real artists, doesnt even sound close to the real thing..
This album is misrepresented. No where on the album or description does it state this is a cover album. I feel misrepresented & like I threw away money.Very very disappointed.
the first and last song are very good.  the rest lack a lot, a whole lot of content and style.  you can save your self money and purchase the two mp3's or even just not buy the cd.  when he did a blues song you can see he probably can sing the blues but his band sounds like crap.  this kid needs to go check with sue foley or delbert mcclinton before he does a blues song again
I bought this for my Mother and it sent her into instant depression.  I listened with her and realized just how depressing it is.  His liner notes are 'over the top' maudlin and depressing.