This is trash! This album contains too many cuts of no name &#34;so-called HITS&#34;, concert versions, and poor sound quality.Only a few worth keeping. Save your money!
Dear Uncle Sam was written back in 1966 by the lady who in 2010 is celebrating 50 years in the music industry, the great Loretta Lynn.  When the song was released, many thought that it was an anti-war testament for the Vietnam War.  However, if you listen to the lyrics it's not that difficult to understand that the real meaning is clearly about a man who is accepting his call to duty to proudly serve his country, while leaving his wife/girlfriend behind who is fearful that he may give the ultimate sacrifice for his country.  As life is sometimes, the worst fear is actualized when a telegram is sent denoting that, in fact, he won't be coming home after all.  The song concludes with a couple of verses from Taps, still a spine tingling, and the reading of "I'm sorry to inform you..."Nobody writes a country song like Loretta Lynn and her version is far superior!
I wish Amazon had other versions, but all I could find were this and karoke, so it'll have to do for now.
This is a bit repetitive and not up to Jimmy Davis standards.  Grandmas Quilt was the best.  Devil's Den is on the Campfire Songs CD with is excellent.  Would not recommend this but would Campfire Songs.
I'm not going to rate this on the price, but as a long-time Replacements fan. There are a few bright spots on this recording, and the first 14 minutes work well enough, but the train wreck that follows spoiled a potentially fun listen. The transitions on this record were terrible. Multiple songs overlapping didn't work for me at all. Little snippets of ideas that weren't worked out seemed like wasted opportunities. Much of the record felt like listening to 2 or 3 radio stations at the same time and then having someone keep changing the stations. Or just turning one randomly off and on. Half the recordings sounded like Paul was drunk when he recorded them ... and mixed them. The sad thing is, it could have been a great record. If he releases a full-priced, standard mix of 49, it would be worth buying, but I can't recommend it as it is.
It was my first encounter with Paul Westerberg's music... and probably my last. Well crafted rock/pop songs with a western flare to them but dated, their sound belongs to the late eighties at best.The 'creative' mix doesn't help the album at all, throwing bits of other songs on top of others disrupt the flow of the music making it a very unpleasent experience.Whoever thinks this is 'progressive' or 'experimental', there is an invisible suite only wise people can see... wanna buy it?
the sound was not up to my expectations like the sounds were flat and no arousing i ike only marching band songs
I am not at all happy with the quality of the performing artists on  this album.  Not at all professional.  My money was wasted on this i
The content of this CD is folk songs not original songs by Woody Guthrie, Pete Seeger and Leadbelly.This Folkways re-issue is disappointing. The title/artist listing on Amazon.com contains more information than the CD. Songs 1-9 are Woody Guthrie, 10-19 are Pete Seeger (hard not to recognize his voices) and the last 2 by Leadbelly.Based on the music alone, without context, the CD has very little entertainment value. When was it recorded? All we know is that the CD contains re-issues of Folkways original recordings. I am admittedly not a big fan of Folkways recordings as entertainment, although they do have historic value. Folkways eschewed normal recording techniques to make "authentic" recordings.Virtually no effort appears to have been taken in the re-issue. Some of the songs sound like they were recorded through a tin can. Some tracks have a 60-hz hum that intrudes if you turn on up the volume.There are much better collections of songs by all three of these great artists but if you want to hear them sing good old folk music, this may be your choice.
Unfirtunatly, NOT the best country Gospel CD.  Quite a few 'un-great' songs...many I've never heard.  Only a few were of sweet remeberance (and keep in mind I was raised on this music, from bluegrass to gospel).  So, it was not the best CD.
It was too nasal...I am .disappointed with the whole album...sorry...was looking forward to some good country gospel music...didn't get it.
I should have taken a cue from the fact that the album contains only two of the original songs. If I had looked closely I would have seen the title is &#34;Hamster Ranch Paranoid&#34;.  Lesson learned: if the track list doesn't look right then look closer.If I had realized this wasn't the original artist I wouldn't have purchased it.
The selection of songs looked great, and it is.  But there's more to a good collection than that.  While there are some decent recordings, many deserve a warning label:1. Not always the recording you remembered hearing on the radio -- alternative studio recording or live recording that sound like they were recorded with a pocket recorder from the 60th row.2. Muffled sound ... sounds like they were recorded from somebody else's records, using a pair of $5 mikes to get stereo.  Sometimes the vocal lead gets lost like it was a really bad mix job done in somebody's garage.If you're looking to (re-)create a country collection, use this list as a good reference.  Print it out from the web page and work from that.
Everybody likes '5 o'clock World'  and it is a a great track with a deserving following but there really isn't another track on this album that is anywhere near the awesomeness of that track.
the album was very, very disappointing; I expected much more; if I had the opportunity to return it for refund--I would
NO LYRICS, KARAOKE HAS LYRICS, ALL THIS IS, IS INSTRUMENTAL, NOT MUCH HELP, AMAZON SHOULD NOT LIST AS KARAOKE IF IT IS NOT
This album was a live concert.  It had to many screaming in the background.  To many unknown songs not enough of the quality Haggard songs.
This compilation is some of Lonestar's best songs, but the lead singer on these versions of the music is not Richie McDonald, whose voice made these hits what they are. While I appreciate the low price point on the album, I wouldn't recommend it for a true fan of Lonestar's music.
not the BrAd Paisley song :-( . . . Search well and make sure you are buying what you are looking for.  I ourchased in error.
Can't agree with the praising reviews of this sampler. It's basically a bunch of mostly unknowns hoping to make a living with mediocre material - at least that's what's on this sampler. Seems to me that today's musicians/writers/producers keep setting the artistic bar lower and lower. Having said this, the track by Trailer Bride is the most interesting & repeatable track in the collection, especially with the theremin effect in it.
This free album has various artists & some songs seem like a cross between Country & Rock.Of the 13 songs kept: "Dirty mouth Flo" is sort of comical , "Gather" is thoughtful & slow , "Gotta Get Back To Forgetting You" good song & good singer , & almost kept "Merseyside" .Most songs seemed to loud & fast for my liking.Though some people may like a lot more or even less...The whole album is free so make your own decision.
not jason, think I'll stick to listening to Pandora even though it has commercials, at least it' s the real thing
A warm and engaging performer, Tom Kell has a smooth, mellow voice that suits his brand of low-key, California country rock.  Unfortunately, on this album he just doesn't have the songs to put him in the same lofty pantheon as his 70's idols.  The tunes are bland and shapeless, without noteworthy lyrics or memorable melodies.  Kell's characteristic, polished, enjoyable sound is in place, but the songs just aren't interesting.  Clicking through the album, is less like a walk past the tall, regal palm trees of Santa Monica Boulevard and more like a stroll down a cookie cutter cul de sac in some nondescript section of the Valley.  Instead of a zinfandel; sliced cheese; sesame cracker; and chicken salad spread, Kell gives us Sprite, mushy white bread, and a baloney sandwich.  This disk is a notch down from Kell's previous albums.  Let's hope that Kell's muse returns for his next foray and someday he cuts that classic paean to LA that brings him the attention of a wider audience.
I selected this song without noticing it was a cover artist, why would a cover band show up as the first in the cue? My mistake I guess but I feel tricked.
They guy who sings most of these songs sounds like he has a speech impediment.  Its very irritating.  Ruins most of these songs.
I was naive and didn't realize that the songs on this album are not performed by the artists who made them famous.  I was very disappointed.
I liked what I got of the album,but I only got the last 10 songs. Jean Shepard has always been one of the most influential women of country music to me. She has the old western twang that I grew up with.
Beach Boys fan? Bet you have all the songs, well, maybe except for "That's Why God Made The Radio". There are better greatest hits compilations than this one. Does Capitol Records have someone sit around to come up with the umpteenth way to repackage the same old, same old. YAWN! The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because it is the Beach Boys.
Music wasn't that great and neither was the performance.  Words were reasonable, but daughter wouldn't listen to it or consider it any from of &#34;replacement&#34; for her current appetite of country western music.  (which in this mom's opinion, has questionable lyrics, morals, and stars in the mix!)
Not as good as his older music, which was GREAT!The songs except for the 'Tulsa' song were kind of boring.
Live or on You Tube, the girls are great.  Recording doesn't capture their spirit.  Mix of songs on the CD doesn't allow spotlight for their talent.
These type of songs have been covered by Hank 3 already. The main vocal is to weak and is drowned out by the music, maybe that's the idea. The choice of songs is not going to go over well with women, especially "  I'm gonna shoot that woman thru the head".  I guess they're going for the rowdy redneck crowd. I liked Hank 3 when he first came on the scene but he started putting out garbage like this trying to gross people out with the language. Just a waste of time to me.
Not his best. A boring song with not alot of originality.  I deleted from my playlist -- I do not reccomend
NOT HAPPY ...NOT HAPPY....  NOT HAPPY....NOT HAPPY.....SKIPS IN MANY PARTSNEED 10 MORE WORDS WHAT THE ----IUHBERQIWOIUQEWFOPEWHB NDODIMSP[OEWS[PWL[PGTVBUDYNOIMPOLPtTHERE
I bought this album thinking it was a compilation. I had no idea it was a compilation of covers. I am not very happy.
just not  as good as i heard them before they were much better on larry,s country diner. that is what i have to say.
If you like a good karaoke bar then you will enjoy this cd.  Heads up that it is not the voices you expect to hear.
Downloaded this to add to my Karaoke library and it has NO onscreen words showing. Tried a couple different song formats. It is just music with background singers. Looks to be MP3 sound only format.