Recorded from 1984 to '86 at homes and community events by folklorist-musician-educator Mark Greenberg, VERMONT: KITCHEN TUNKS AND PARLOR SONGS contains 49 selections performed by 24 individuals and groups throughout the state. Many of these tunes once provided homemade evening entertainment for rural Vermonters before the dominance of mass media. Included here is the music heard at Saturday night kitchen tunks/farmhouse parties, as performed by local fiddlers, harmonica players and other musicians.The selections on this album reflect Vermont's Yankee and French-Canadian traditions as well as the impact of Southern styles and popular music. The collection's diverse group of fiddlers includes Willy Beaudoin, Freeman Corey, Ron West, Dot Brown, Elwin Corey and Harold Luce, among others. A variety of harmonica techniques is rendered by several artists. Also included are vocalists who sing children's ditties, comic tales and hymns. Whistling, a foot-operated piano "rig," and a square-dance call may be heard, as well. The music ranges from such well-known tunes as "Ragtime Annie" and "St. Annes Reel" to the more obscure "Waylon's Hornpipe" and "The Harris Piece." Greenberg and Sid Blum provide guitar accompaniment, while Blum joins Ron West for a fiddle duet.Mark Greenberg has written an accompanying 24-page essay about Vermont's old-time music and he also provides biographies of this collection's performers. "I was looking mostly for non-professionals and for people who didn't acquire their music and skills from schools and how-to video cassettes, but from their families and other members of their communities - that is, in the 'traditional' grassroots way," says Greenberg, who has been active in Vermont music, culture, and education since the early 1970s. Greenberg has also produced radio documentaries and award-winning recordings for leading folk artists such as Pete Seeger, Doc Watson, Dave Van Ronk, Jane Sapp, and Michael "Beausoleil" Doucet.(This review is based on manufacturer's information)
another musician I was turned on to at the NTIF in March 2013.  This is a bit more country than I typically like, but has a good vocal quality with a slight blend  of Irish flair.
I think this is a good album, but I have to warn potential buyers that it was recorded live, and in my humble opinion, Doug takes a little too much "artistic liberty" with the songs.  Some of them are scarcely recognizable from the originals! If I could do it over, I  would probably buy an album with Doug's studio recorded material instead.
Buyer, be aware, these are not the original recordings of Moe Bandy. All songs on this album are re-makes.  Still good songs, just not the originals!
"Walk The Line" on this album may not be at 256kbps. 2:43 minute song is only 3.1 MBs
The Album is great if you like Red Neck Humor, I would have rated higher but the Downloaded version is very poor quality compared to the album and a bit of a disappointment - still funny though
This is a pretty good album. It's hard for me to rate because I'm comparing it to the Ed Haley recordings. That's probably not a great idea. Kessinger has a smooth quick bow. I'm not sure if it's the guitarist either, but there's some downright annoying square dance calls that get in the middle of some fine fiddle playing on the album.
I really enjoyed the songs featured and how Mac made many jokes throughout. There is a squealing sound on every track that varies from almost overwhelming to in the background. It sounds like a mic is too close to a speaker.
These sound like extremely compressed files and I question if some song titles are correct.
Two of the songs are mislabled and the sound has flutter in it.  Sounds like it was produced from a cassette deck with dirty heads not the original masters.
Very poor quality.  I am used to the records and this does not come anywhere near the quality or sound.  I was very disapointed  Did not even sound like them.
Interesting collection, but it falls short of its predecessor, if for nothing else than the bewildering inclusion of selections that are not bluegrass at all.  I know John Hartford is known for bluegrass, but &#34;Miss Ferris&#34; has no bluegrass characteristics.  As for Doc Watson's &#34;Sitting On Top Of The World,&#34; it should be classified as folk or even blues, two genres for which SF also does &#34;Classic&#34; anthologies.  While &#34;Sitting&#34; has been done in the bluegrass idiom (by Jimmy Martin, in particular), this version is nothing of the kind, nor is Doc Watson known for playing bluegrass.  Ditto Bob Everhart's &#34;Renegade,&#34; which is straight-up country--even the bass line reminded me of classic Waylon Jennings.Look, I'm no purist, but bluegrass is a genre with clear characteristics and boundaries--probably THE genre with the MOST clear characteristics and boundaries, since it's actually a comparatively young genre, basically created by one man.  For one thing, it's GROUP music, with tight, high harmonies and varied instrumentation, so a solo ditty with a fiddle or a guitar just ain't bluegrass.  It might be GOOD, but it ain't bluegrass, so why is it on this CD?  SF really had so little to choose from?  It makes me wonder how much they know their stuff over there...
This CD is fine if you are a first timer with The Escorts. However, as they became popular their sound became better along with a better selection of songs. Oooo Baby Baby is definately a classic. The Look Over Your Shoulder CD of theirs is a better deal with more songs to enjoy.
I am pretty picky when it comes to this type of music,. I enjoyed it, but not outstanding to me
I love Bloodshot records, and the Waco Brothers.  However, this album, taking songs from old time &#34;Hillbilly&#34; radio shows of the 30' and 40's, is a little weak on content.  Only &#34;Nine Pound Hammer&#34; by those Waco Brothers, and &#34;Bottom of the Glass&#34; from Whiskeytown are worth repeated listens.  Other songs are interesting, but not memorable.
The music seems to be all over the map. Not sure what they weretrying to accomplish at any point. Not a bad CD but a mismatchedcompilation having a great version of the song Mental Revenge.
Some of the songs are not the original recorded songs.  Yes the artist is okay, but, some are not the well known version.
Great songs sounds  kind of canny. Would like it better if it sounded like originals. ! ! ! ! !
See my review for Album 3.  Everything I wrote about that album applies to this one as well.  Could have been better.
"We Used to Ride 'em" is the only track that impressed me on this album. But what a great track it is! If anything, give that one a listen.
This starts off strong, with early old songs. Those familiar with Bob Wills can recognize his "haw!" and fiddle. This is well worth buying for those 14 songs.HOWEVER ... on about track 15, it takes a surprising detour to what sounds like a retro band with a young singer unsuccessfully trying to sound old-timey. In fact, he sounds more like an 80s Goth singer. I was puzzled by the sound, and then further noticed lines that seem oddly out of time (for example, one line wondering how long guns will kill people).Maybe this music is great and I'll grow to love it, and I may be wildly wrong in my "retro band with a young singer" assessment, but that is how it strikes me on first listen.I am disappointed because I thought I was getting 29 "Light Crust Doughboys" "Early Years" songs, since that's what's on the record label in big yellow words. Instead, I got about 14 of those, plus some retro/impersonator level nonsense I'll most likely delete. The other 14 tracks are worth it, but be warned.
I have all three of The Lacs CDs. This is my second favorite with 190 Proof being by favorite and Lactology being my least. I think all are good, but it really seems that with each CD this group is finding their rythem and getting better and better. If you are a fan of 'The Lacs' then try this, otherwise listen to 190 Proof first and after you become a fan, come back to this one.
Too much rap! Great if you like the black stuff. Not like the other album like it way better. 190 proof
My husband loves The Lacs.  The first CD he got was Keepin it Redneck, it was more country.  This CD is more rap but is still good.  If you haven't ever heard of them and like country then you should buy Keepin it Redneck.  But if you know them and are wanting to hear different things from them then you should listen to it.
The CD that came to me did not have the same cover as the one shown.  This makes me question whether or not I got the correct music.  The one I ordered said &#34;The platinum and gold collection&#34; and the one that I received said &#34;the very best of&#34; the Delfonics. I went back to the website to compare the songs and none were listed.  My error for presuming that a &#34;Platinum and Gold&#34; collection of songs would have all of my favs. I thought it was a safe bet.  It was a &#34;P;atinum and Gold Collection&#34; :)I bought this for my music loving hubby as a stocking stuffer for Christmas.  Now the dilemma is to find something else or just keep it.  Warning, if you cant see the songs listed do not purchase.  The Delfonics are great anyway but I should have made my purchase based on the songs listed and the reviews. Not sure I will keep it.
This album conjures such delicious images of longing. Mark Davis' voice is hauntingly beautiful, I imagine him beer in hand in the dark corner of some dive bar singing about his lost love. This album makes me think of old loners, grizzled and worn down by life but still tender, caring, and filled with love. These songs take in my wounded heart and warm it by the fire of old stories, old hurts, and old hopes.
Roy Clark's Greatest has his early hits.  The Tips Of My Fingers was I think his first top ten song.  It ends with When The Wind Blows In Chicago which was written by Audie Murphy.  The highlight of the cd is the instrumental Malaguena.  But just hearing the song is not as impressive as seeing a video of him playing it.  Just unbelievable.  He would go on and have bigger songs later.  But this is a pretty good cd of his early stuff.
I heard this group while visiting in Temecula just recently, and enjoyed listening to them live.  It was a kick listening to the cowboy songs from yesteryear (i.e., &#34;Back in the Saddle Again&#34;).  However, I was a bit disappointed after downloading their album.  While the instruments were as good as I remembered them, the lead singer seems a bit &#34;pitchy&#34; in this recording.  I realize that it may be because of the style of music, but it still seemed off-key to me.  In general, though, if you like some good ol' fashioned cowboy music and can overlook the pitch problems, then you might enjoy this album!
I'm a huge Laura Cantrell fan and in my excitement to download this release I failed to notice that I have three of these songs already from her other albums.  "Big Wheel" is on "Not the Tremblin' Kind", "Roll Truck Roll" is on  "The Hello Recordings" and "Yonder Comes A Freight Train" on "When Roses Bloom."  So while I'm digging the new songs, I'm disappointed about the reissues.
I found the copy of High Flight I've been looking for for years. But if you want to hear it, click on This is My Country.All of the track names are off. Move them all down and the last one, Holding the Flag, is the title of the first track.Wish I could have bought this as a CD instead of a download. I want liner notes and can't find them anywhere. I want to know composer of this version of High Flight and can't find it anywhere. So although I've finally found the song, I'm still looking for information.So a five star album loses one star for incorrect labeling of tracks and loses one star for no liner notes.This is why I prefer a hard copy CD to a download.
They say  there was a time in the late 1970's in Kingston, Jamaica where literally EVERYONE you encountered on the road was either a professional musician/artist or aspiring to be so. With reggae having, at that point, reached a point where it had become not only the main method of escape from the poverty and the negativity, but maybe even the ONLY method which was legal (and you can definitely well research  the number of former and then current `professional' badmen who entered the music business as well) and far more attractive than the gun for even some of the youths who ended up taking that route as well. While I wasn't on the planet at that time exactly, I did begin life and growing shortly thereafter (in the early 1980's), still in the musical `shadow' of that era and the beginning of this current modern area, really, besides a GREAT DEAL of more options opening, which is a very important thing for the youths, you still have unknown and aspiring musicians traveling from all over the island towards Kingston, eager to make their name and eventual pay (even me, myself, when I grew up it was my first dream to follow in the steps of some of my favourite DJ's like Mad Cobra and Beenie Man and take the mic one day myself). For someone, like myself, who virtually prides himself as being on top of things musically, from reggae Jamaica and reggae the extended community the world over, this makes things rather difficult to follow, not only abroad, but even right under my own nose. When an international reggae artist reaches a certain point of popularity and ability and score the necessary hits to further their name more and more, I USUALLY hear about them rather quickly and LONG before they actually reach with an album (names like Alborosie, Gentleman and more recently Cali P come to mind). However, for Jamaican artists, things are much different. I can name you more than a few artists who have just scored with a handful of big tunes or so that you probably haven't heard of at all and recommend that you definitely take a further listen  to them (right now that would be New York based DJ Rally Bop and potential superstars Einstein and Bramma de Bomba, of course). So you can imagine my surprise the couple of times a year or so when I actually see an album (or am introduced to by some other method, such as here) from a Jamaican artist who I have ABSOLUTELY NEVER heard of before. Last year, it was an artist who I thought rang a bell, only to discover it wasn't who I though it was in Black Panther, who reached with his debut album, Give Some Love for (ST. ANN'S!) Vikings Productions while managing to go virtually COMPLETELY under my radar and now it appears as if I've found the first of two candidates this year.Which brings us to Jah Jah Yute. Were you to have told me that there was relatively talented artist from out of Hanover, I probably wouldn't even have paid you much attention and figured that, like so many others, when he reached a point of actually being regarded as `relatively talented' he would also reach onto my radars as just because I'm quite a ways away from Mobay, a TRULY good vibes tend to travel through Jamaica like a hyper-fueled country bus. But, there I was in the studio of a good friend who lives on Anguilla and he had a few pieces he was listening to, two of which contained work from an artist by the name Jah Jah Yute, who I assumed was a local artist, but lo and behold was actually from my country. What attracted to me to him, as opposed to the few other names on the players (one of which was a very nice female dancehall artist from out of Cayman who I need to check back), was his sound. When I first heard Jah Jah I actually thought it was simply a few unheard cuts from veteran Jamaican roots singer (and one of my favourites) Everton Blender. Jah Jah doesn't exactly have that POLISHED tone of the Blender (which is no critique to him, MOST singers don't have that kind of shine and will NEVER develop it, it is truly unique to the Blender definitely), but definitely had something else which attracted me to him, something which was completely to his own credit. I LOVE a commitment to roots music! And you'll find singers of the vibes who don't have that degree of  pledge to the vibes and instead (as a producer friend of mine told me) will literally use it simply as a method of making it out of poverty, figuring roots music much easier to succeed in than the hectic dancehall; as well as the always constant touring opportunities giving artists of even the most mediocre scales, the ability to travel all over the world. Jah Jah Yute didn't have that and probably even more evidence of that was the fact that I hadn't heard of it. All of those things and spinning quite a few tunes from the artist gave me the necessary convincing to take a small shot and go further. What I found that was that besides the one album and the one tune, Jah Jah Yute actually had a new project out, Jah Say So. This was the second album (to my knowledge) of his career as he originally made his debut last year with Word Power on Sound (the one which I saw) for Enel Productions which I've found out is a label which he owns and runs, apparently with his wife (definitely give thanks to the self produced and self promoted artists) and his family and he has taken his music, for the most part, to the states as well. The works of Jah Say So are a bit of a step up from Word Power on Sound (as it should be) and a bit more even throughout and, as I mentioned, what I most like about JJY's style is OVERALL COMMITMENT to the music that he makes. He doesn't come in with that flair or shine of Everton Blender; he doesn't have that almost breathtaking charm and royalty of Luciano; he doesn't have that gritty brilliance of someone like a Bushman and Jah Jah Yute doesn't have that wildly interesting and unusual talent like a Jah Cure. But if you're simply looking for someone who OBVIOUSLY works hard at mastering and perfecting his craft and actually BELIEVES in what he sings, then Jah Jah Yute is in the class of all of those popular artists and Jah Say So might just be the album for you.As I mentioned, if you're really looking for a line to compare Jah Jah Yute to someone it would DEFINITELY be Everton Blender. I don't really know if it was by design or it just happened to be his style (apparently JJY has been around from quite awhile), but it's delightful, sounding like a bit RAW and rough around the edges (EVERYONE sounds rough around the edges compared to Blender) is a good thing. On Jah Say So it's also worth mentioning that it is CRUCIAL that you really listen to the lyrics above all. Getting things started here is the solid and pretty addictive praising tune Jah Jah Coming. Should follow the Rastafari route of life (as I do) then really this tune has the potential to well hit you the way it ALMOST hit me. It didn't take a very long time to grow on me, but I just don't think I well regard it as a GREAT tune, but a very powerful one still. The tune speaks to all to prepare for the INEVITABLE coming of His Imperial Majesty (and I LOVE the way JJY literally uses the people as a signal to HIS arrival, very nice lyrical changeup from other ways we've heard such a tune written in the past). Next up is another very powerful message, which sounds oddly familiar for some reason (the actual producers here range from local producers to some even stationed throughout Europe, I believe), Bad Company. This tune warns the masses (especially the youths) to be wary of exactly whom they keep a company with and particularly to  be  mindful of following those who carry and live by the gun. The tune, still, has a very easy vibes, I DEFINITELY wouldn't categorize it as a negative tune at the end of the piece. Completing the opening here is the STRONG Born Warriour, one Jah Say So's real highlights. The tune is another which sounds EXACTLY like something you might find the Blender singing and, even given his more than SUBSTANTIAL credentials and reputation, it might even be a highlight for the Blender himself, still. The tune speaks of the need for us to remain determined and self-motivated in trying to overcome the adversities and negativity of  the world. It really is an uplifting tune and it, perhaps better than any other tune on Jah Say So exemplifies what I mean when I say you have to listen really closely: To be perfectly honest, Jah Jah Yute (as expected at this stage of his career) isn't really afforded the finest riddims and compositions over to record, but he still delivers authoritative and really nice messages, throughout, listening to Born Warriour, really FOCUS on that message definitely. A very nice way to end the opening for the album.Even though in sound the artist I would definitely most compare JJY to would be Everton Blender, the artist I would think he would most remind me of in terms of personality and maybe even actual vibrations would probably be Mikey General. The General is known as being a VERY respectable and upstanding individual and is a definite vibes I get from JJY. Probably the tune which best captures this vibe and the real highlight of Jah Say So is the BEAUTIFUL Africans Blood. The tune might just be one of the ROUGHEST sounding and least well done actually on the album, but it well struck a chord with me and I think it will with many others as well. The tune is, at its core, one of the more diverse tunes on the album, it speaks of anti-violence messages, but at the same time has almost a `built-in' reference to slavery and the Afrikan Diaspora and just a very IMPORTANT tune to my ears. I wouldn't really expect a song like Africans Blood to be a hit song, even were it given the proper promotion; instead it's the type of song that should be played in schools all over the world. VERY nice tune here, very major and deep vibes. While JJY doesn't (in my opinion) reach that level again, the vibes still remain solid. Check Prophecy Fulfill with the downright BRILLIANT opening of the tune where JJY calls upon some of the elders who aren't with us anymore (like Marcus Garvey, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh and Jacob Marley) to support the coming of His Majesty for all of his children. Powerful vibes on that one and, again, really check it from a lyrical perspective. Going backwards, there's an earlier tune here which really caught my attention a great deal, Let Peace Abide. The tune speaks to the masses (again, specifically to the youths) to begin to at least ATTEMPT to begin to live cleaner and more upright: And in doing so, one will adopt an all around more positive attitude and nature and specifically make the world a better place, one with far less violence than in today's world. On a similar note was Mankind Fighting a song which I was `looking for' as it has that big ANTHEM style feel to it, which you really need on a roots release these days. A very nice chanting vibes and, of course, a very nice message. I do have to mention two tunes here which I really didn't like, both Sweet Girl and I Was Born. Sweet Girl, for its part, is the obligatory lover's tune for Jah Say So and it has an R&B;/hip-hop/Spanish guitar style of vibes to it which I just felt was a bit too much of a variation from the rest of the album. The tune itself isn't exactly a bad one and may sound better in a different context, but here, at least for me, it just doesn't get off the ground and in the end is a distraction. There was also I Was Born, which to my ears is a remix of the very nice earlier tune Born Warrior. The ONLY evidence of a remix, however, that I hear is a monotonous background singer adding " was bornnnnnnnnn" in the gaps in the choruses. Maybe a closer listen would reveal more disparities between the remix and the original (I doubt it), but either way, they are just too close in sound for me to warrant both being included and I Was Born sounds like a SERIOUS case of filler material (especially considering the fact that JJY's first album Word Power on Sound also had twelve tracks). The closing tune here rights the ship definitely as Children Live Up stands as one of the more impressive  tunes on Jah Say So. It really also places a very nice cap on the vibes as the album as Jah Jah Yute revisits his most popular focal points; preaching a message of more and more peace (and in this case specifically to Afrikans) and doing so to the younger people. While Africans Blood remains the real big tune here, were you to ask me for a single tune I might recommend to give one a real taste of JJY's vibes, it would DEFINITELY be Children Live Up. A very nice way to end things here.Overall, while I'm not saying for you to DROP EVERYTHING AND GO AND PICK THIS ONE UP, I will say to definitely keep an eye open for the name Jah Jah Yute in the future. As I mentioned, he isn't exactly afforded the finest in Jamaican production at this point (a great deal of the works here were produced by the FWI based young Irie Jam Productions (JJY actually appears on the label's recent compilation Wi Likkle But Wi Talawah Vol. 1 with no less than  seven of that piece's nineteen tracks, all from Jah Say So, including Born Warrior, Jah Coming and even Africans Blood, so definitely keep an eye out for that label as well) but it will be interesting to see what he can do if he can work with some of the bigger talents, or even when Irie Jam reaches their full potential as well. However, even then, I would suspect that the REAL attraction to Jah Jah Yute's music will be  the heavy messages he pushes. He so OBVIOUSLY really BELIEVES and follows the messages that he sings, likewise showing his extreme commitment to them. Jah Say So is the best available example of a very unknown roots reggae artist you're almost certain to hear about in the years to come.
I thought that most of the CD would be his western songs. Instead their were far other songs that I didn't want to hear, and the ones I wanted to hear were mostly at the end.
I guess I thought I would like more of the songs than I did. OK but just too many unknowns.
Over all good album . Not going to be putting it in steady rotation. I would rather listen to JJ Grey and Mofro. Its always good to hear something new.
THE SONGS SOUND LIKE THEY HAVE BEEN REMADE-I DIDN'T LIKE THE SOUND,IT PLAYED MUSIC BUT COULD'T HEAR JOHN SINGING.SO I GAVE IT A 3 STAR,I HAVE OTHER ALBUMS OF HIS THAT ARE GREAT
Although I'm a big Redd fan, this release doesn't appeal to me as much as previous albums. It still has its high points, but features too much of Redd's so-so singing instead of his outstanding guitar work. Reddhead isn't a flop, but Telewhacker and No Stranger to a Tele are more preferable to me.
Some good moments throughout but I just can't help but wonder if this record is meant as an advertisement for a few official releases coming soon? 1) Grandpaboy record, 2) Paul Westerberg originals record 3) covers record? (listen to the last 4:08 minutes) A great Replacements type rocker shows up arourd 14:27 "Devil Raised a Good Boy" It appears to be a tribute to Johnny Thunders. Some other good potential rockers show up around 33:00. Worth .49 or .89 for sure. 34:34 sounds like a good outtake from the first grandpa record. I am a huge Westerberg/Replacements fan but I am ready for him to work with a producer and a drummer again. I think little Johnny shows his pipes at 41:44. I swear I hear him sing "That's My Dad" Basically a free record which is pretty cool but can he either do an album of very good acoustic ballads or leave the drumming to a drummer? Is it to early to cry out for Rick Rubin ha ha! (That part is sorta a joke)
I am not a song writer, nor am I a singer. Those who can combine these two things all the while traveling from state to state to perform them, I admire. Enter: Texas native Jeff Capps, who's no stranger to music. With numerous albums, EP recordings, and a regular Sunday worship band under his belt, it's only matter of time before his singles hit the airwaves.Capps's latest EP Shine is the artist's brightest work to date. Although the track listing is short with only four songs, they prove to represent Capps's sound and worship style as crisp and well constructed. Starting off is the track "Anchor of My Heart" a pure summarization of Christ's role in our lives. The next song, "Shine" is primed and ready for stardom and if there was one song that defines this release this is the cut. "Shine" is captured as one of those singles that has breakout written all over it---it's got a tempo and stamina that are easy to listen to (but you won't get tired of), beautiful writing and Capps' voice melts singularly into the flow. On the tracks "Merciful King" and "Only the Blood", honesty and love excel as focal points on these two worship songs, backed by amazing symphonic moods.Comparisons that come to mind are Matthew West, John Ellis from Tree 63, and bits of Mark Hall from Casting Crowns. This having been said, I think Capps pulls his music from parts of his life, his church, and even his personal walk with Christ. The only thing I found lacking on Shine is Capps's vocal strength. Instead of a leading man, he seems to sound more like a backup singer. But, I know he's got it in him. He just needs to reach inside and belt out the gift God has given him.I surely believe this is not the last release we've seen from this artist. Jeff Capps is a hard working singer/songwriter who believes in changing lives through his music and Jesus Christ. Be on the look out for his tunes to play on the radio and shine in our hearts.
Although she does a good job at providing a powerful yoga nidra experience, there are many ways this could be better.  1st of all - the 2nd chakra is in the reproductive organs, why did she say in the stomach?  Also, the breathing aspect of it was very basic but the L/R sensations in the body were good.  There are so many ways to go deeper into feeling which I felt she could have done... light/darkness, heaviness/lightness... also, it sounds like she is kind of giving a didactic lecture, I didn't get enough sense of varied tones of voice once I was in the deeply relaxed state.
I really like this version of the song,.... but it seems abbreviated.  It just shuts off after 1:48 ?  I have "The Monkees version and it is longer....
MOJO gave this 4 stars, which makes it worth checking out.  It's decent.  I think The Two Man Gentleman Band is a better listen.Great Calamities
Decent recording although I was looking for more band music and ended up with a number of vocals amongst the music.
This album to me is just OK. Some of the artists and songs I had never heard of. I bought it because the price was right and I wanted a country gospel album to listen to on my Fire.
time pases and all things from yesterday don't always play forward well  some may like it but I am not one of them
Pretty good listening my dad was a railroad man and this brings back a lot of memories . A good value item
I don't like live albums.  It's hard to get good sound quality outside of a quality venue that trades in that, like Billy Bob's in Ft. Worth.  The sound quality on this album is definitely more of the cassette and 8 track days.  However, this is an excellent introduction to New Grass, with a variety of cuts from different genres adapted to the style.If you're not familiar with New Grass or Leon Russel, it a little more rock and R&B; influenced, updated sound from the traditional bluegrass.  It's also generally more 'pop'.  Yet, it trades heavily on bluegrass instrumentation such as banjo, fiddle, mandolin while kicking in more beats and piano.  Whereas Hayseed-Dixie makes rock bluegrass, NGR more is a fusion genre.A good introduction to this album is the track "I've Just Seen A Face" which is a cover of an early Beatles song.  If you're a Leon Russell fan, this is one of his best 'experimental' projects.  Overall, this is a great album which, considering the number of tracks, is a very economical introduction to newgrass, or to give you other ideas of what bluegrass or Americana can be.
Most of the songs are kind of slow.  I like their next cd and Cary Ann's solo work much better.
I wanted to like this record (lp). I believe I could enjoy it much more if not for the inconsistency of the recording itself. This my friends is a good example of how digital and people in the industry are not caring about good, warm, involving analog sound. There is quite a bit of inconsistency from track to track. However, the overall record is lean, strident and uninvolving. I give it a 4 for content and a 2 1/2 for sonics.
I really like Becky's voice and two of her earlier CDs such as "Drifter Like Me" and "Red Leaf", but this one has too much drum on most of the tracks for my tastes. I wish all of these tracks were available without the drum then it would be a five star for me.
It's really just a bad job of mixing. The drums are simply too much in the foreground. Nothing wrong with the song selection and her voice is beautiful as always.
the item arrived in a timely fashion. the sound was a little grainy but this could be due to the artist.
Barbara Fairchild was an awesome Country artist back in the day, and it's nice to see an actual album (from before she switched genres) that's not all retreads of greatest hits become available to download.  But the sound quality of this is absolutely terrible.  I downloaded it because I love her older stuff, but honestly - it desperately needs remastering - it sounds muddy, like it was recorded inside a bucket.
We enjoyed the songs and the fact is was about logging in the Pacific Northwest and we have loggers in the family, but the dialog between songs was hard to hear. We were constantly turning the volume up and down.
Not as good as the collection of Bawdy Sea Shanties or the collection of military songs, but some good fun here nonetheless.
I love the music selection and the artists.  I don't usually care for &#34;live&#34; recordings with the clapping and hoots and hollers of an audience so it was disappointing to hear on most of the tracks.  Saying that....  the songs and artists are such a good selection they overcome my personal preference for clean music.  I would buy this selection again- good value for the price.
John Anderson didn't really have enough songs for a second Greatest Hits at the time this was released.  At least one of the songs.  Goin' Down Hill should have been on his first Greatest Hits.  Then Let Somebody Else Drive was really the only other hit that is on here.  The rest of the songs aren't bad.  There just not hits.  I hadn't even heard some of these songs before.  Like Tokyo Oklahoma and Countryfied.  This is a good cd.  Not as good as his first Greatest Hits and not as good as his comeback Greatest Hits with Straight Tequila Night.  But still pretty good.
marginal performance from a great artist.. would rate it behind all 5 other cd's of his.. just kind of drab.. no song really stands out -- Rattlesnake Tequilla is closest..
The album took a long time to grow on me and several listens.  This is simply because I was a HUGE fan of Corey Crowder's his first 2 CD's that were more acoustic driven and the progression to country has been a little much for me to handle.  The more of a chance I give it the more I like it.
Corny but funny. Brother JD talk-rap-sings his way over a plucky guitar beat to tell an amusing tale of guns and Christmas cheer.
Very very very very very very very very very very very very cool cd. I liked it very very very very very very very very much. But when the spirits move me is much better.
I purchased this CD for one song.  Daddy's Girl.  It is a good CD for bluegrass, but the Daddy's Girl song was  amust for me to add to my Deejay collection.
Album suffers from much of what ails older recompiled and digitized material...the original source probably wasn't that great, and there are limits to what technology can do.  That said, it is a good compilation of Wills' music for nostalgics.
Freddie Ashby has the voice of an angel!!!!  I consider him to be the white Luther Vandross- he's such an amazing vocalist and singer.  But I wouldn't purchase this album unless you still listen to early soft rock music from the 80's or 90's.  I think if I had purchased this album 10-20 years ago I would have been soooo blown away!!!  But its about 20 years later and some of the sound effects of earlier days sound quite corny now.  Think about Miami Vice series and the soundtracks/musics in their episodes.  Now be thankful that I warned you:-)I would wait till Freddie comes out with another album so he can blow you away!!!  He truly has an amazing voice and I love listening to him on YouTube, or even Alex Boye's recent albums.To be fair, its best to buy some songs from his album.  I do find it to be a relaxing album on the drive to work... but nothing that makes me go gaga.  On this album the more noteworthy songs are:1) If2) The Gift3) The Greatest Tragedy4) Where You Are5) Pass the Love On6) Children of the WorldSome songs have the possibility of being great wedding reception music.
For some reason this soundtrack on my Kindle Fire HD sounds like listening to a warped record. I am not happy with it.I love the songs and the group, not not this way.
If you are a "dyed-in-the-wool" fan of Paycheck, you will enjoy discovering some of the hidden wonders of this album. Paycheck puts his inimitable spin on the classics like HEARTACHES BY THE NUMBER and RELEASE ME, to wondrous effect.  Hits MOTEL TIME AGAIN and SLIDE OFF OF YOUR SATIN SHEETS are time-honored boot stompers that are sure to please, but I MUST WARN that there are also some re-recorded songs on this album that DO NOT measure up to the original recordings. Popular hits TAKE THIS JOB AND SHOVE IT and SHE'S ALL I'VE GOT are disappointing.  ...BUT, the REAL hidden gems of this album are some of Paycheck's Cover songs sung in his definitive country style.  CLOSE UP THE HONKY TONKS is a lost classic that may actually be better than the Buck Owens original or the Dwight Yoakam remake (wow, did I REALLY just type that?)  The Bottom line:  I would NOT recommend this album to a first time Paycheck buyer who is looking for a Greatest Hits Compilation because it does not contain the original recordings of some of his biggest charted hits.  But for true fans, this album will contain enough hidden treasures to be a nice addition to your Johnny Paycheck collection.
Sound quality seems a little flaky but it is a decent recording needed a little audio tuneup. I would reccomend it.
Kudos to everyone involved in this project.  This is really a good CD, and the concept is fantastic.  What it lacks, in my opinion, is a really good lyracist.  In the hands of, say, a Jay-Z, this could be a mainstream album.  I am just not interested in hearing any more about Tone-z's ass crack, sorry.
Strictly based from the samples, since I had it in the background. It really has a Danny Davis & The Nashville Brass thing going for it. If that's your thing, it's golden. Was really hunting the obscure rockabilly artist Gordon Terry. Oh, well...
I have not really heard this album in its entirety so I can only provide a middle of the road review. The songs I have heard I have enjoyed..
Not as great as adam lee and the dead horse sound company's "when the spirits move me" but I haven't given this one a good listen.
Until the three CDs covered here all came out in 2011, the only way you could find the music ofblack Country singer Obie Burnett McClinton (born in Senatobia, Mississippi on November 4, 1940) was to seek out his vinyl albums and 45 rpm discs of the 15 songs he put onto the Country charts from 1972 to 1987, the year he died after battling cancer at the age of 47 on September 23.Billed as O.B. McClinton (he liked to refer to himself as The Chocolate Cowboy), after his early efforts at Soul, he concentrated on his love of Country (one of his main influences was Charlie Pride) after landing a recording deal with the Stax subsidiary Enterprise. His charted songs never exactly burned up the Country singles charts, nor would he ever register a Pop cross-over. Still, he had a loyal following, so it's a shame these three distributors decided to put out skimpy 10-track volumes which not only virtually ignored his limited singles commercial success, they  repeat the same tracks in each. What kind of marketing is that?The tracks for each are:Family Tradition - 1. I'm Not Exactly Free; 2. Don't Let The Green Grass Fool You; 3. Don't Trust A Cowboy (When The Lights Are Low); 4. I'm Just An Old Chunk Of Coal; 5. California Cowboy; 6. Family Tradition; 7. All Purpose Reusable Woman; 8. Elvira; 9. Longing For The High; 10. The Cowboy National Anthem.California Cowboy - 1. California Cowboy; 2. The Cowboy National Anthem; 3. Don't Let The Green Grass Fool You; 4. I'm Not Exactly Free; 5. All Purpose Reuseable Woman; 6. Don't Trust A Cowboy (When the Lights Are Low); 7. Family Tradition; 8. I'm Just An Old Chunk Of Coal; 9. Elvira; 10. Longing For The High.OMG It's OBM - 1. Elvira; 2. Family Tradition; 3. I'm Just An Old Chunk Of Coal; 4. I'm Not Exactly Free; 5. Longing For The High; 6. Don't Trust a Cowboy (When the Lights Are Low); 7.Don't Let The Green Grass Fool You; 8. The Cowboy National Anthem; 9. California Cowboy; 10. All Purpose Reusable Woman.For the record, these were his charted songs and their B-sides:Six Pack Of Trouble - # 70 July 1972/You Don't Love Me -  Enterprise 9051Don't Let The Green Grass Fool You - # 37 Dec 1972/Lay A Little Lovin' On Her - Ent. 9059My Whole World Is Falling Down - # 36 March 1973/Music City, Tennessee - Enterprise 9062I Wish It Would Rain - # 67 July 1973/Obie From Senatobie - Enterprise 9070Something Better - # 62 March/Apr 1974/I'd Rather Be A Stranger - Enterprise 9091If You Loved Her That Way - # 86 July 1974/Mr. Miller's Granddaughter - Enterprise 9100Yours And Mine - # 77 Jan 1975/Lean On me - Enterprise 9106It's So Good Lovin' You - # 100 May 1976/She'll Never Be That Easy Again - Mercury 73777Black Speck - # 86 R&B; Dec 1976/Happy Day Inn (Room 309) - Mercury 73817 (ironically this, his only R&B; entry, a novelty entry about Charlie Pride, never cracked the Country charts!)Hello, This Is Anna (billed as O.B. McClinton featuring Peggy Jo Adams) - # 90 July 1978/Let's Get It On (McClinton solo) - Epic 50563Natural Love - # 82 Dec 1978/I Can't Get Over Last Night - Epic 50620The Real Thing - # 79 May 1979/The Crack Of Dawn - Epic 50698Soap - # 58 Sept 1979/Mss Sara Lee - Epic 50749Not Exactly Free - # 62 Oct 1980/Walking After Kim - Sunbird 7554Honky Tonk Tan - # 69 June 1984 (flip by another artist) - Moon Shine 3024Turn The Music On - # 61 March 1987 - 6 months before his untimely death/(Country Music Is) American Soul - Epic 6682His other uncharted singles, including his Soul days, are shown in the Comments below.
I was very impressed  by the song "Out of Death" with exceptional steel guitar work.  Only wrote 3 stars because I am not famliar with the other songs.
Slithering Beast is a Kentucky five-piece that formed around singer/songwriter/guitarist, Nick Dittmeier. Though Dittmeier initially explored country and honky-tonk as respites from years of punk rock, the group has evolved a blend that pulls in the Southern soul of Wet Willie, the funky blues roots of Little Feat, some Muscle Shoals-styled horns and even a few moments of Allman-esque guitar and E-street saxophone. You can hear the band's country-rock roots in "You/Me" and a bit of Bobby Fuller in the closing "Everywhere I Go." This five-song EP is mixed with the punch of AM radio and the melodic hooks to earn it, but also enough rough-edges to keep things down home. It's not clear if the band's name really sells the rootsy warmth of their music, but a fourteen-minute spin through this new EP will tell you what you need to know. 3-1/2 stars, if allowed fractional ratings. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
I found Aselin's first album to be charming and likable, but this one is just too country for me. I give it 3 stars because vocally she sounds fine but the music......is not my style.
The song selection on this track is great BUT VERY FEW SONGS are by the origional artist. Many of the songs that are sung by others sound horrible.
Honky Tonk Hustlas manage to not sound quite as much like Hank III on their sophmore effort.  However the trend of underground country bands trying so hard to convince us how badass they are, and how much drugs they do, is tired and spent.  I would hope for more diversity in the themes on a future release.  Still, this album is masterfully produced by Andy Gibson, and is far from unpleasant to listen to.
Great talent but all the songs sound the same after the first several. Too much of a good thing becomes irritating.
This was a difficult album to rate as, in my opinion, the music was great but the lyrics seemed to be lacking something. There was one maybe two out of eleven songs where I felt the lyrics and music came together.The music seems to encompassed a wide variety of tastes and the vocals are a wonderful sound.
The music is fine but this disc is only about 30 minutes long!  Should have been twice that length, there's certainly no shortage of great Kitty Wells songs that could have been included.
You either like this type of music or was raised on it. It is a mix of folk/country/hillbilly which has been around for quite a few years and had a brief surge of popularity in the 1950s & 1960s. It doesn't get much airtime these days.Whether you like this type of music is a matter of personal druthers. I found about a third of the songs were quite likable or were songs that I remember from years ago. Another third was OK but not ones I really, really  liked. The final third I did not care for. There are; however, 30 songs which is considerably more than there are on most albums which makes this a good value for the money, provided you like the music. All the songs are pretty minimalist. There is not a lot of instrumental or vocal backup as compared to current day production.Jimmy Driftwood was an interesting character and a prolific songwriter. It is worth a Google search even if you don't care for his music. Surprising enough, his best known song, &#34;Battle of New Orleans&#34; is not included on this album. I suspect that Jimmie's rendition of this song is significantly different than Johnny Horton's and there is no value in competing with success. His second best known song, &#34;Tennessee Stud&#34; is included. Since this album is a 2011 release, I am guessing that the producers put together a sampling of songs he recorded that spanned his recording career. The &#34;best of&#34; here isn't necessarily the songs that had the most commercial success.
While, admittedly, Carol Young is the driving force for the song writing in this band, her shadow looms large on this album. I think that they played it a bit on the safe side this time and did't take as many creative chances as they did on earlier albums. I have seen them perform live and I have to say that I really love this band, both the earlier incarnation with Eamon playing fiddle as well as the latest assemblage after Eamon left. They have an amazing amount of energy and enthusiasm on stage is quite infectious, but I didn't get that sense from this album. Kim Warner is, without a doubt, one of a handful of really talented mandolin players that one can hear these days (with all due respect to Sam Bush, Chris Thile, Mike Marshall, Ricky Skaggs and a few others). I love bluegrass and acoustic music, but there are times when, on this album and their earlier efforts, some percussion would have really rounded out their sound.Their "brick" concept of getting people to finance a portion of their recording with the promise of a plug on the cover or inside the jacket is novel and gave them a degree of independence from any record label's production and sound demands. Still, sometimes, to make a really professionally great album, you need that infrastructure. That is easy for me to say, not being a professional musician. Still, I know how much they love what they do and really cannot stand some record producer talking down to them, telling them what it is really going to take to produce a hit record.I cannot give them a negative review, but I think the album has a bit too much of Carol's slow, dreamy tunes and could have used a little more upbeat compositions.
This band is really fantastic live when they play more solos and peppy instrumentals.However this album falls into the sort of Nickle Creek, Allison Krause trap where you have a band full of great acoustic pickers that play far too many slow sleepy tunes that don't really stand out in any way.There are 2 or 3 really great songs on this album but the rest just don't stand out. They would be much better off putting out an album of traditional bluegrass that was more peppy.
I am listening to Viridian now, my favorite Greencards album. I also love "Weather and Water", two masterpiece CDs. Brick is missing a good tonal base, some of the music has sort of an odd sound texture to it. There are some good songs here, just not enough, and the sound quality is inconsistent.I'm listening to portions of "Fascination" which I did not get, and it is better than this.This is not bad, it is different, it is full of effects and strange effects. Carol Young still sounds good, I just loved the old "vibe" better.
Don't get me wrong.  I am and continue to be a big Greencards fan.  I've purchased all their records, seen them live, and friended them on Facebook.  I've been waiting anxiously for this new record for some time.But now, I'm disappointed.  To these ears, it's not up to the melodic beauty of their other records.  Just listen to the first three songs off Fascination, and try to find three similar classics on this one.  On this whole record, the only song I felt was memorable was Here Lies John.  The instrumental before that, Adelaide, was brilliant and could easily receive them their third Grammy nomination.  But the other songs seemed more like fragments of partially conceived ideas that never really gelled.  You can really tell what you are missing when the hidden track, the last song on the record, plays "Bury Me Beneath The Willow".  It's a traditional classic bluegrass song, covered by many artists.  This is songwriting, and unfortunately they recorded it using a tricky mono technique to sound old fashioned, so it doesn't sound great on nice headphones.The positives...the Greencards are brilliant musicians and arrangers, and that still holds true.  The sound is impeccable as usual, and Carol's singing is still superb...although I missed hearing a Kym song.So there you have it.  I just don't see most of these songs getting as much response live in concert as their older material, and don't think these will stand the test of time.
An album worth adding to your collection if you are a fan of the Greencards.  Certainly not their best work, but enjoyable all the same.
This is a decent indie sampler with some good tunes, but nothing too crazy or incredible. A nice listen in the background while cleaning.
There is a verity of music on this albumn it's not bad for being free , kind of got some weird songs
Song #7 is a cover of a well-known blues tune from the 40's by the first Sonny Boy Williamson (John Lee Williamson), which has been covered hundreds of times by blues and rock artists. Very original and nice arrangement, never heard a country version before. Enjoyed a few of the other songs too.
all the songs were okay. &#34; dirty mouthed flo&#34; showed the softer side of womanhood, &#34;hey little sister&#34; addresses an important topic for today. &#34;good morning little schoolgirl' has a nice traditional flavor and about spending a million dollars on &#34;nothing to say&#34; might just get stuck in your head.  an okay album but the price was something affordable.
E.P.'s dont thrill me..but..I understand that a band has to get something out there to market their product. A nice way to kick it off, the Ghost of Lila Pearl is my favorite...the others were OK...would buy it again..
this album is not as good as their older stuff. This album has a very country feel and kind of loses some of the energy of the older albums.
Crash was big in Australia in the early 1960's - everyone including my &#34;dotty&#34; Mum loved his good looks, cardigans & Boom Boom Baby. I'm a fan so I bought it as it has his other hits.
The track itself is good and very helpful for a workout. I have this and the Army Airborne edition. I am training for a marathon and use both when I am in pain and feel like I can't go on. Focusing on the words and repeating them under your breath is a great way to get past that point. (Feel free to repeat them out loud but people might think you are crazy!)So why 3 stars? Easy -Price. I downloaded the Airborne Rangers album about 2 days ago and it was $4.99.
I was disappointed because the cd only contained about 3 really great songs; the should have included a better selection of songs.
I like the content but was surprised that it is only a small part of the Lone Ranger theme music. I was looking for the sound track as I remembered it as a youngster but it seems that it is not readily available; I wonder why.
I actually ordered this song by mistake, thinking it was Shelly West.  Boy was I disappointed when I listened to it.  Not that she was bad, but because I like Shelly.
I was a fan of the songs on youtube from Brendan, so I decided to test out his cd. It was a solid album for such a young artist but if I would have had to pay more than $10, I wouldn't have.Great bluegrass gospel and had a an old soul feel to it. Awaiting the next project
So this is where it came... No materialistic release, only download. Great reissue which been waited for long time but bits in space is something ignorable... Too bad.
I really enjoyed the first three songs on this CD but after that they seemed to start to sound alike and be rather forgettable.  The first three songs make me glad I bought it and I hope Tom Kell doesn't wait so long to put out another release.
Good songs, great musicians, catchy title... everything you need to make a great country record except the vocalist is lacking depth and any real quality to his nasally voice.  What a shame.  I love country twang, but Bobby misses the mark.
Like the idea of MP3/IPOD formatting--can this be released as a CDR as some of us like to have the real CD in hand. Thanks--same songs but great picture of Glen Campbell.
I purchased one of theses CD's at a local venue where this band was playing.  The band was OK and I heard one of their songs off the CD so I decided to buy one.  It was kind of disappointing.  The music was  boring,  pretty simple and not much creativity.  It also sounded like a "B" rated recording. I'm always looking for a band with some kind of WOW factor and this just didnt have it.  Sorry guys,  but I've heard better.  Keep workin at it, maybe you'll get there.
I like that most of the songs are original. I just want to know if he knows what hes singing about. Has he been there or is he just acting.
Notice that the original LP had the words "Greatest Hits" in quotes. While the group really did have a couple hits, they were hardly worthy of a greatest hits compilation.If we call their style "unique" then this album almost works. It is an interesting collection of covers which is why I gave it three stars. I have a weird attraction to covers (the worse the better). Still, there are not enough tracks on this album to keep me interested for long.
ProsI thought the selection of songs were a good choiceConsQuality of mp3's after downloading and putting them onto my phone was not nearly as good as I thought
haven't listened to it so reall have no honest idea,better idea after I use it ok ok ok ok ok
Just from the album cover, you think you're getting a bargain. 50 top songs for under ten bucks, awesome! When you download the album & open it up, you are in for a surprise. 50 modern songs performed by COVER ARTISTS. These are songs performed by cover artists! It took me 4 songs &  listening to the same song on the radio to realize it. Be careful what you download.
Would have been a good album except for the fact that most of the songs are not sang by the original artist
I've listened to the album a couple of times and it's o.k. its just I expected the &#34;greatest hits&#34; from the &#34;greatest hits&#34; original singer that made the songs &#34;greatest&#34;.  It wasn't  that the music was done all that bad, it was when I purchased it I thought I would be hearing the original.  Still music I guess. My problem - I should have read the screen closer.
There is a reason why I am the first reviewer - no one else wants to admit  how stupid they are. I have been searching for Sugar land doing &#34;red dirt road&#34; since I watched the tribute to Brookes and Dunnn. I saw the two words and automatically downloaded it. If you are not a &#34;huge&#34; fan of Sugar land, this is actually a decent CD.
Lucas has a great voice and a very positive outlook on life that is reflected in his songs. He is very patriotic and supports our military with songs of respect and honor for those who are serving, families who wait at home and for those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice.The maturity and depth of his artistry is coming but not fully there yet.I have heard him speak on talk shows and he sounds like a wonderful person.Im not giving up on him but for this album Im giving him 3 stars. Im sure with age inspiration will deepen and lift the quality of his songs.Give him a listen and see what you think.I believe he is an up and coming artist.Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays all:-)
Kristy Lee went a little out there with this CD. Somewhere I couldn't get to. I love her voice, however for me, it did not shake my being like the initial CD did. I've tried to listen to it a couple times, but cannot get connected to the songs. I feel kind of left out in cold on this CD. I would really love to hear her voice with an acoustic guitar and not as strained (or trying so hard). Just my own perception.
this a down home kick butt (cd) album couple tracks could have been left off (cd)Album all in all very good add to my collection
Bumpy Ridin' was the best song in the disk. I like the CD, but other songs didn't have the energy and musicality. Will maybe like it better after I've played it a while.
Okay. Maybe I'm being a little harsh, but imagine my surprise when I download my karaoke album and find that there are no graphics! Iwas about to bust a vein all over some poor schmoe of a customer service rep when I took a second look at what I ordered. True, it claimed to be a karaoke album, but nowhere in the ad does it say anything about containing the graphics. Sso, if you still buy this item, just BE AWARE that there are no graphics. Some great music tracks, but no graphics.
The album itself is awesome, but it came in a clear sleeve instead of a sleeve with the album art on it. The picture shown in the description is only on the vinyl itself. Not the end of the world, but would have liked that sweet image on both.
Love Junior Brown but this &#34;Album&#34; is very short and unremarkable. Price was good (less than $5.00 .A quick payday?
have always loved this song glad I got it. I hate this part of reviewing on here. I have no more to say
My family had this on 8track when I was little and it was one of my favorite Christmas tapes and I have looked for it every year for about ten years so now I can share it with my family
If you're looking for John Philip Sousa performed by a full band, this isn't it.  I'm not sure what type of ensemble the Columbia River Players are, but they sound small.  Their performance is good, but they don't seem to have the numbers necessary to make Sousa sound the way it should.I recommend Greatest Military Marches - The Very Best of John Philip Sousa, performed by the United States Marine BandB002HTOX14as an alternative.
This is a good CD for Poco fans, but the band misses Paul and his great talent.  I would think that since it is the first CD without Paul it would take at least another CD for them to get the hang of it.  If by some small miracle he is invited back to the band they would go to the top of the Poco mountain because having the new member, Michael, adding his talent to the band along with the other members it would be awesome.  They are touring and are definitely worth seeing.
As my husband,Steve Hardin wrote and owns &#34;I Love My Truck&#34;, I want to know who gave you permission to record his song.
Hat acts' debut albums are dime-a-dozen and are quickly remaindered, but Taylor's freshman outing is more singularly brave since he's a country boy from the Pacific Northwest and a rodeo rider. The songs are competent without being earthshaking, and I don't yet sense a breakout hit. The rodeo and cowboy songs are no better than their rare competitors but carry the stamp of authenticity in composition and performance. Mr. Taylor's next release could be very satisfying indeed; our hopes are high, and his Washington State fan base is assured.
i really like the old country songs  like charley pride, willie nelsen, johnny cash, lynn anderson, bobby gentry.this is simmular. newer artis.
I am one of the biggest Jamie Richards fans there is and own all of his CDs.  Unfortunately, this album isn't his best.  Ever since his album Drive, his albums Sideways and this one aren't as memorable.  There isn't a song that has a really catchy hook or one that I just want to replay over and over.  The man sings incredibly, is a great live performer, and is a genuinely nice guy in person, but this album disappoints.
I bought this after listening to 30 second samples.  After about 15 plays it has not grabbed me. Sorry to say for me there just is nothing to distinguish this from 75% of the other pretty country singers. If I had it to do all over again I would not buy this CD.
.....when I listen to him, I have this nagging feeling that I'd much rather experience him live & on stage. I believe that his bluesy guitar work, along with his appropriately named 'husky' vocals, are much more suited (and would just sit BETTER with me) in that scenario than on a CD.Of course, if you've been lucky enough to have seen him live (something I doubt I'll ever achieve) & bought the CD after, then you'd always be able to relate to that experience when you slip it in your player.
This comes from a musical tradition different than my own and is completely legitimate, as such. While I respect where this music is coming from, I found the voice overs distracting and detracting. The playing is excellent, however.
Song was nice, but wanted a copy in hand........ not something i cyber space. He needs to put together an album.
like a light and fluffy chocolate chip buttermilk pancake swimming in a pool of maple flavored syrup topped with whipped cream and sprinkles.
This local Baltimore band puts on one hell of a concert. They play in the up and coming hipster venues, and their album is slightly disappointing. Still a solid album, I recommend getting this and then seeing them live. Some of the best tracks of the album are the Tom Waits cover &#34;Clap Hands&#34;, the jazzy &#34;Tippy Toe Sam&#34;, and the super fun ode to meat &#34;Bacon Adoration&#34;. While you wont find a band song in the bunch, some are better than others. I would recommend purchasing this for anyone who likes Baltimore bands, New Orleans junk bands, and jazzy blues/new age 20s sounds.