Compadre's latest release collects a wide range of old and new Texas musicians. Though not as revolutionary as Waylon and Willie's initial Nashville exodus, these singer-songwriters definitely defend the same decidely non-Nashville ground. The performers include Texas roadhouse stalwarts like Pat Green, Cory Morrow and Kevin Fowler, mavericks like Jack Ingram, and legendary Lone Star talents Ray Wylie Hubbard, Townes Van Zandt and Willie Nelson.It's a tad ironic that an album full of such talented songwriters would record mostly covers, and even more surprising how well some of the most iconic songs work. Roger Creager's &quot;Guitar Town&quot; shows the song to have a triumphant life apart from Steve Earle, and Max Stalling, backed by superb (and sadly uncredited!) Mexicali guitar, breathes life (and, ultimately, death, of course) into &quot;El Paso.&quot;Owen Temple and Reckless Kelly serve up fine acoustic performances, with Temple's &quot;Lost Highway&quot; wallowing in a wasted life and Reckless Kelly's &quot;Rodeo Man&quot; gleaming with untamed optimism. Billy Joe Shaver and Townes Van Zandt sing live takes of signature compositions, and road warrior Dale Watson adds his stage staple, &quot;In the Jailhouse Now.&quot; Jack Ingram has the swagger to take on &quot;Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line,&quot; but the result sounds more like a jam than a finished track. Willie Nelson's collaboration with rapper Lil' Black is an interesting experiement, but aurally out of context here.Half of these tracks (2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 10, 13, 14, 16), including several of the disc's best, are previously unreleased, resulting in a set that works both as a Texas sampler, and a thematic compilation.
This is a great reminder of what so many soldiers have sacrificed and their part in the history of our country. I love the grand opening of "Call to Glory". There are other sentimental pieces such as "God of Our Fathers" and "Heroes Lost and Fallen" which are nostalgic tributes to the many heroes of this nation. If you have a soldier to honor this definitely an album you will want to get.
A most excellent offering and well engineered.  A little unnerving to see it listed as "Calvary" in the amazon title but I guess it is just a sign of the times.  -WStar
This disc sounds authentic and contains a good variety of traditional folk music.  I have listened to it countless times since buying it.  This compilation takes me back to Vermont's past, to a simpler way of living and making music.  The many fiddle tunes are great, but even better are the songs, both in English and French.  The French songs bring to mind the branch of my family that moved down from Canada into Vermont several generations ago.  There is a sense of fun, humor, and lightness about the whole project, in addition to being a valuable archive of folk music from the region.
This is a lively recording highlighting a selection of favorites and lesser known marches.  The USAF Band of the Rockies is first rate and on this recordings plays with over 70 musicians.  As with most Altissimo! recordings the tracks heard here are a selection taken from the Bands music Library.  Although we do get to know who the director of music is, the tracks are taken from different years as there tends to be a slight sound difference in some of the recordings.  We don't know when these recordings were made but they sound pretty recent and I suppose a little research on the band and its director would likely narrow it down.That said this is a great selection of marches played in a powerful manner by a premier USAF Band.  This is one of the AF Station bands, and is not the main band in DC.  The sound quality is first rate, with some slight tonal differences between tracks as already noted.  While the usual Sousa is here, we get some lesser know works as well.  "Them Basses" is an old warhorse not played as much anymore.  "Chicago Tribune"  is a first rate march of length by an unknown composer.  In fact due to a lack of linear notes we don't know who any of the composers are except of course for the obvious Sousa.The lack of linear notes keeps the price down I suppose.  Altissimo! directs us to their website to look up more on the CD but here as well I did not find much more than a brief paragraph about the band and the music.  This could have been included in the CD for what it's worth! There are a number of "rouser" pieces or what could be termed Team music played no doubt for games between the services.The CD concludes with some ceremonial music associated with the Band and the USAF Academy and of course the USAF song.  All in all a very rousing CD with a nice combination of popular and less well known pieces all by American march composers.  The slight detractor is the lack of either linear notes or names of the march composers themselves.
This is one good heartfelt album. I know this man personally and he is awesome! I know you will feel good when listening to this one.My favorites are "Just For A Song""She", & "Father To Son". But they are all good, and very personal to him.He also has another good album called "SNORT!" I guess you could say it's his alter-ego (Snort Keebwacker). I'm telling you, it will tickle your funnybone like never before! I love it!
I had never heard of Elliott Brood before catching a snippet of their 2004 single, Cadillac Dust, in a ski video produced by Meathead Films.  I took a chance and downloaded the MP3 of Tin Type from Amazon, and was broadly impressed.  Elliott Brood play on all the best alt.country / &#34;frontier rock&#34; themes with an edgy, dry sensibility that really works.If you're a fan of Steve Earle, Lucinda Williams, or Kasey Chambers, you'll probably find a lot to like in Elliott Brood.  I am looking forward to exploring them more or catching them live.
Mason Proffit's most recent release, but that's still 8 or 9 years ago.  About half the tracks are reworks of earlier MP songs; the other half are new material, at least to me.The musicianship is fantastic, but we expect that.  Terry Talbot's voice hasn't lost a note, which is simply amazing after 40 years in the music business.  The reworked material is well-done.  It's nice to hear slightly different guitar licks, and Talbot tweaks a few words here and there, sometimes to modernize the lyrics (see &#34;Lilly&#34;), but mostly to slip in a bit of evangelizing.This shouldn't be surprising, if you've followed the Talbots' musical and spiritual journeys after the break-up of Mason Proffit back in the 70's. Yet it does weaken this album a bit and makes you wonder who the target audience is.  His born-again fans may find Still Hangin' entirely too secular, and his Mason Proffit fans might resent the proselytizing, sporadic though it may be.  OTOH, the most blatant 'gospel' song here is &#34;Better Find Jesus&#34;, and that's an old MP song.If you can overlook Talbot's occasional preachiness, and it really isn't overbearing, you will find this an excellent album.
You have to be a fan to appreciate their music.  I'm a fan. I enjoyed listening to this album, like I enjoy listening to their others.
This is a good time listening adventure. If you like a variation of good country swing music, you will really appreciate this CD by Asleep At The Wheel
I like the music.  It is reminiscent of the country music I listened to when I was a kid. Great.
This is an excellent album you are sure to enjoy. The version of "Eternal Father," or the "Navy Hymn" as it is often known, is one of the best I've heard.  Every track from "Anchors Away" to "Amazing Grace" will inspire and uplift while reminding you of the sacrifice of brave sailors to defend our country. I love the Navy band and after listening to this album you're sure to love them too.
Playing Time - 37:16 -- It's a fact that many musicians learn another instrument before learning resonator guitar. In Ivan Rosenberg's case, I presume that he might have mastered guitar or banjo back in Missouri before transferring some of his musical skills to the Dobro. Now, the Bellingham, Wa. resident plays his original tunes with the same kind of stirring soul and emotion that they'd be sung if they had been composed with lyrics. While some of his tunes evoke vivacious spirit into your dancin' shoes, Ivan seems particularly adept at mood creation. Some of his tunes produce a vocal-like atmosphere, while others seem to forge a soulful interplay of instruments. Take, for instance, his banjo and Dobro harmony on the opening cut. We could've used some more of that sweet harmony here and there, like perhaps in "Skunk Ate the Mothballs" or in "Rope-a-Dope" where we're only given a very minute taste of harmony in the tune's ending.When reviewing a resonator guitar project, I particularly listen for good intonation control (getting all the notes just right on pitch with your left hand). That's got to take a lot of practice and skill, and Ivan's well-rehearsed success is most apparent when he is challenged with fast-moving slides in the second track, "Quackalactic Breakdown," and truckin' break on "Rope-a-Dope." For a  change-up at track five, Ivan and co. sing one number, a different kind of futuristic rendition of "Poor Ellen Smith." At least 180-degrees from Jimmy Martin's version, Ivan's rendition of the North Carolina murder ballad incorporates considerable discretion with lyrics and melody as he sings "Nobody knows how I love Ellen, nobody knows." While his story line lacks all the details of the original lyrics, Ivan's tale hits the basic essentials of Ellen being shot, her body carried away, and the warden freeing the prisoner. The boy's clearly cut his teeth on traditional music at some point in his career before embarking on his innovative route of originality.Clawhammer banjo and Dobro are very complementary instruments that work well together in the hands of a proficient player like Ivan who has an extensive discography (as both soloist and session musician), along with many TV and film credits. Mood-master Rosenberg also primarily calls on splendid acousticians Mason Tuttle (guitar, bass, mandolin) and David Keenan (National resophonic guitar). Chad Manning adds his fiddle wizardry to one cut, "Big Arm Montana," and Mary Lucey's eerie harmony is only heard on the one haunting vocal number. Jon Stickley's mandolin only appears in the mix of "Big Arm Montana" and "Pig Shack." Thus, arrangements are very clean with just enough instrumentation to make for clarion sound. Tuttle's lead guitar break (and solid bass foundation) on "The Creptid Mule" are noteworthy.The album, recorded at Indidog Studio in North Carolina, gets full-bodied tonal contributions from the instruments. The set canters along with moderately-tempo'ed pieces, and perhaps a little more variety in tempo (along with a "chad" more fiddle) would have taken us through a few more up's and down's along the 37-minute buoyant journey. "Terrapenne" may be only a minute and a half, but the slower solo piece provides an opportunity for the set to breathe and blossom. This album would be a perfect listen while cruising along the Blue Ridge Parkway on some other scenic backcountry byway on a beautiful spring day. The vernal nature of this album is its very strength. (Joe Ross, staff writer, Bluegrass Now)
Don't fall for this scam. Resale of FREELY DISTRIBUTED military band CDs is illegal, and certainly dishonest.For a FREE copy of this or any other CD/cassette produced by the USAF Band of the Golden West, contact them at their website [...] or on their Facebook page.As for this particular CD, it's all right but not as good as other BOTGW recordings.MSgt James M. Boubonis, USAF (Ret)Former Chief of Operations and Former Chief of Public Affairs, USAF Band of the Golden West
Knight's third album follows closely in the tracks of his second. With co-producer (and ex-Georgia Satellite) Dan Baird on board again, Knight's tales of hardscrabble living and hard-won experience are set to a country-rock backing that melds the intimacy and twang of the hyphenate's first-half with the power of the second. His lyrics have a novelistic passion for character detail, but fit effortlessly into the space of a three-minute song.Surprisingly, Knight's taken on several songwriting relationships, co-writing tunes with Nashville stalwarts Gary Nicholson and Matraca Berg, and somewhat more outside talents like Chuck Prophet and Stacy Dean Campbell. The results aren't quite as dark as the songs on his previous album, "A Pretty Good Guy," nor tied as closely to gothic side of rural life, nor do they have the first-person feel that made his previous album so bone chilling.This and Knight's previous outing each mine similar musical veins, and while the strike is hardly expired, the directness of Knight's lyrics aren't as surprising the second time around. E.g., this album's "Carla Came Home" and the previous release's "Down the River" sport similar revenge themes. On the other hand, his co-write with Stacy Dean Campbell, "A Train Not Running," is a truly great song of lost livelihoods, with Knight's vocals more rustic than Campbell's 1999 take (on the exceptional "Ashes of Old Love"). Either way, the song's hope, fear and desperation is jaw dropping.Overall, a good album from a great artist that consolidates on the artistic leap forward he'd already made on his previous outing. [2005 hyperbolium dot com]
Delbert McClinton's quintessential set was also called &quot;The Jealous Kind,&quot; and Chris Knight is certainly Delbert's kindred spirit.  From Kentucky and inspired by John Prine and often compared Steve Earle, Chris Knight's 3rd CD is a rich &amp; rewarding experience.  It contains the video &quot;Oil Patch Town&quot; from his &quot;A Pretty Good Guy&quot; CD accessible via computer.  Chris usually has down &amp; out characters clinging to a vestige of hope or pursuing vengeance which makes for an exciting brand of outlaw country.My current favorite is the opening title track with Greg Morrow banging out the beat as Chris' vocals drip with longing, &quot;Maria, would you wait one more day for me?&quot;  Chuck Prophet whose &quot;No Other Love&quot; CD is a current favorite co-wrote &quot;Banging Away&quot; with Chris.  &quot;The Border&quot; is a great story song with Tony Harrell's accordion giving spice to the track, &quot;They liked to be with each other just to see what the other would do.&quot;  Chris writes with veteran writer Gary Nicholson who wrote the opener on Delbert McClinton's &quot;Nothing Personal&quot; CD called &quot;Livin' It Up.&quot;  Here with Chris &quot;Staying Up All Night Long&quot; is a slow tune about romantic regrets.  Stacy Dean Campbell's last CD was called &quot;Ashes of Old Love&quot;; and here he writes &quot;A Train Not Running&quot; with Chris.  Tammy Rogers viola gives this tale of the railroad's demise an aching haunting quality.  David Leone co-wrote &quot;Oil Patch Town&quot; that's on the video with Chris; here &quot;Carla Came Home&quot; is a ballad of abuse and retribution.  Chris' voice has such a homey worn quality like he's knows the lure of the highway on &quot;Me &amp; This Road.&quot;  &quot;Broken Plow&quot; is a farm repossession tragedy.  Matraca Berg co-writes and joins Chris on harmony vocals on &quot;Devil Behind the Wheel&quot; on this midtempo toe tapper.  &quot;Hello Old Man&quot; gives a great tug on the heartstrings about an emotional homecoming.  &quot;Long Black Highway&quot; concludes the CD with a violent ballad.Chris' work is consistently good on each of his three releases.  His new one continues his saga in excellent fashion.  If you like Delbert, Fred Eaglesmith, or Joe Ely, chances are you'll want to discover Chris.  Essential listening.  Enjoy!
Chris Knight never ceases to impress me. This is another great example of his awesome musical talent. I look forward to buying more Chris Knight music!
If the samples posted here are correct, this is basically a re-packaging with some left out of the tracks on "Sleazy Roadside Stories".Even though it's a buck more, buy that album and get all the songs.
hello,this is one group that likes to rock and they sound  better live then they do  in the studio, i highly recommend this album, if you like all man brothers,, or metalica or just good ole rock music listen to the super suckers
For a band with such a solid history - seventeen years together and eight albums (including two live releases) - it's surprising that this South Carolina group has yet to break out on a national label. Perhaps there are a lot of undiscovered combos like this, plying their trade in local clubs and on regional tours, but rarely do they issue recordings of such quality and polish. The band cooks with Southern rock energy, but edges their work with country and bluegrass touches - mandolin here, homey lyrics there - that elevate this well beyond the typical bar band.The roots rock foundation - think Mellencamp (whose one-time producer Don Gehman helped shape this) and Springsteen with the Southern edge of Lynyrd Skynyrd or The Outlaws. Vocalist Bobby Houck has the sort of raspy power that fits mid-tempo ballads like &quot;Janie and Me&quot; to a tee, and the band's guitar-bass-drums backings are nicely augmented with tight harmonies and mandolin flourishes. It's the sound of a solid rock band taking on some of the country sounds of Nashville - an ever more successful direction than the typical Nashville country band's crossover into pop and rock.This album should just as easily please the No Depression crowd as it does MOR radio stations that play Hootie &amp; The Blowfish or John Mellencamp. Perhaps it's too upbeat for the former, and too twangy for the latter, which would be a shame, because it's incredibly tuneful, it rocks, and it has a down home heart and soul. For anyone unfamiliar with the band, this is sure to be one of 2004's unexpected surprises.
Farris is a singer-songwriter-fiddler from Austin who's augmented her classical training with an impressive crash-course in Americana. After wood-shedding on tour with Alejandro Escovedo, she had the opportunity to tour and record with Austin luminaries like Kelly Willis &amp; Bruce Robison and The Derailers. She's graduated with this debut CD, produced by legendary guitarist-singer-songwriter Dave Alvin.Farris' voice has a good measure of the &quot;little girl&quot; sound of Julie Miller and Victoria Williams, which can sound twee at times. Alvin does a good job of hiding this, especially on the stellar double-tracked vocal of the title song (augmented by a superb baritone guitar solo) and the twangy &quot;Pretty Dresses.&quot; The former brings to mind 60s girlgroup sounds like The Shangri-Las or Shelley Fabares, the latter adds Farris' fiddle and Rick Shea's pedal steel to a song that's equal parts Wanda Jackson and Connie Francis.The album's eclectic mix includes Drifters-styled bass, maracas and violin on &quot;Let Go&quot; and jazzy crooning on &quot;Undecided&quot; and &quot;No Exit.&quot; Farris' voice is a bit girly to fully carry the latter two, but her fiddle solo on &quot;No Exit&quot; is swings in a wonderfully laconic way. Covers include Bruce Robison's &quot;Drivin' All Night Long,&quot; Scott Walker's moody &quot;Big Louise,&quot; and X's &quot;Poor Girl.&quot; The latter, winningly, has more of a wistful jangle than X's typical angst.The variety that Farris and Alvin bring to this disc is admirable. They hit some fine high points (particularly when casting Farris in a '60s pop and country vein); the lower marks are worthy experiments that should help guide Farris' future application of her unusual voice.
"Anyway" by Amy Farris is a good disc, particularly when she's in retro mode.  Vocally, she may resemble Victoria Williams, Amy Rigby or Maria Muldaur, depending on the song.  Some of the tracks here are standouts.  "Hard to Say" has a swing emphasis that sounds like it came from Peggy Lee outtakes.  "Undecided" mines the same western swing territory with Amy's voice a wry instrument, "I've been sitting on a fence & it doesn't make much sense 'cause you keep me in suspense."  Bruce Robison's "Drivin' All Night Long" that opens the set keeps your toe tapping with its catchy road song chorus.  John Doe & Exene Cervenka's "Poor Girl" is a strong track with Don Heffington's drums pounding relentlessly.  Amy's own "No Exit" is probably my favorite track with Dave Alvin's electric guitar giving the arrangement bite & Tony Marsico's great bass line.  Farris responds with sass & swagger, "Tomorrow gotta fake it, pretend I got some rest & kill anybody who says I must have slept."  "Anyway" is a good set that pushes the boundaries with Dave Alvin's excellent production and Farris' violin and distinctive vocals.  Enjoy!
I have loved Eddy Raven since his first releases in the early to mid 70s, when he got very little radio airplay except at the smaller stations. Raven is oh so talented as a singer and a songwriter. He writes wonderful lyrics and catchy tunes and know how to sing them. If you like Eddie Rabbitt, you'll like Eddy Raven, too.I worked at a small country station in Port Sulphur, Louisiana and we played all of his ABC-Dot releases like "Carolina Country Morning", "Ain't She Something Else", "Free to Be", and "Good News, Bad News". None of them charted high enough to make him a household name. I moved from Port Sulphur to Baton Rouge in 1977 and got a job at WYNK, one of the top stations there. Same thing happened on "Sweet Mother Texas", "Dealin' With the Devil" and "Peace of Mind". The last three were on Dimension Records, a small independent label. We played all of his songs on WYNK. "Dealin' with Devil" was a strong song and would have been a hit if it had been on a major label. Finally Eddy got on a major label Elektra and his "Desperate Dreams" album had 4 hits in it over 2 years, 1980-1981: "I Should've Called", "Who Do You Know In California", "A Little Bit Crazy" and "She's Playing Hard To Forget". I have all of his Dimension and Elektra songs except for "San Antonio Nights". In 1984 he signed with RCA and they made him a star, beginning with his first #1 "I Got Mexico". The rest is history. Over the next few years Eddy had 6 number one songs and about 15 top 10s."Living in Black and White" is a good album with four fine tracks that should have been played by country radio. However, since about 1980 big town country stations only play artists on major labels. Small, independent record company have no chance. I thoroughly enjoyed the title song "Living in Black and White", "Hearing It In French", "Bermuda Triangle" and "Cowboys Don't Cry".If you are an Eddy Raven fan, you need to get this album. And if you like Eddie Rabbitt and Jimmy Buffett, you should give Eddy Raven a listen. He is just as gifted and talented.
All song "previews" except one are wrong; they are most definitely not Django Walker!  Go to [...] for better previews.  Six Trips Around the world is a great CD, very much like his first, very definitely Django (unlike the previews).
andy is a great player but the songs are no that great and his playing tone does not create a a totally visionary other world
Get this classic now ... It's all Tommy's classics compiled on one mp3 cd. What a treasure!!!!!! Oh yeah, yup
This was an unknown album to me, but Patsy Cline came across in her very powerful and beautiful voice. It was a signature album.
This album is a sterling retrospective of the highlights of Juice Newton's career.  I was excited to hear some of the hits I hadn't enjoyed for years.  The album contains new recordings, not the original ones, but that's probably better for quality purposes.  The new versions are still similar enough to the originals that you won't be frustrated by an unrecognizable interpretation of a standard.  Overall, a very enjoyable album.
Rufus Crisp is a mountain music banjo player from Kentucky. This album is said to of been recorded between 1946 and 1955 when Rufus passed on. This is some of the very few recordings from a classic good time banjo player, who plays in the Kentucky vein, similar to Bill Cornett, Roscoe Holcomb, and James Crase. Rufus is different from his peers i have named, he has a slow relaxed story telling style of playing. He is definitely not as unique as Roscoe, but the relaxed Rufus Crisp makes all these tunes easy listening. We get his take on Old Joe Clark, Cumberland Gap, Shady Grove and a few personal story's from Rufus. Some of the best old-time and banjo music is from the hills of Kentucky and Rufus is a great example of this sound. This is a more than worthwhile document in the history of true American folk.
These guys are smooth and are apart of my growing collection of sixties and 70s r&b! It's a must have.
Before Judy Collins and Joan Baez, Carolyn Hester's beautiful voice was nearly legendary.  Texas twang and beautiful voice singing songs before the explosion of songwriting talent of the '60s.
Having lived in Chicago and cut my resurgent country teeth there, this brings back so many good memories I can't listen to it without smiling from ear to ear. Add to that the quality of the music and you just can't go wrong.
I am not a country fan, and yet I found that I liked this CD instantly.  The music is fun and certainly breaks the limits of traditional country and the country flavored pop that is now called country.  There are groups on this CD that I have never heard of, and perhaps that is all to the better because these groups are talented and unfettered.  At first listen the music on this CD sounds like traditional bluegrass flavored country.  However, you quickly realize that the words used in many of the lyrics are frequently the type of colorful words that are better suited to a bar or a hockey game than a casual family listen.  Other than the occasional use of four letter words, my initial assessment was that this music sounds like country if The Grateful Dead were going to play country.  Of course, such generalizations are easy but are typically inaccurate.Songs with a faster boogie woogie rhythm include "Way Out West" by Moonshine Willy and "Cigarette State" by Robby Fulks.  There are also songs with a stronger rock influence, such as "Over the Cliff" by Jon Langford's Hillbilly Lovechild and a rock `n' roll sounding "Rockin' Spot" by The Sundowners.There are songs with a bluegrass sound, though sometimes the lyrics are bizarre, like "Tragic Woman" by the Swollen Spleens, "Drunk Friend" by Freakwater, and "Doghouse" by Church Key.  Blues songs are in yet another category, like "Cry Baby" by Wink O'Bannon, "That Truck" by The Texas Rubies, and "You Don't Know What Lonesome Is" by The Sundowners.There are quite a few songs that sound like classic country, for example "Every Kinda Everything" by the Bottle Rockets, "Moving Furniture Around," a very funny song by The Handsome Family, "If She Wasn't on Blocks," another funny song by The New Duncan Imperials, "Suburbia" by The Riptones, "Sucker for a Trucker" by Milly & the Sequins, which also has a rather risqu&eacute; portion, and "Hole in the Ground" by Iggy Yoakum & His Famous Pogo Ponies.  There is even a country flavored instrumental, "Flannel Boogie" by The Flannel Tubs.It is difficult to categorize this music because it is so different from any country that I have previously heard.  It is not traditional country because of the irreverent lyrics.  Certainly it is not rock because of the country style and beat.  There is a lot of humor in many of the songs.  There are also a number of words unsuitable for many family members.  Indeed, this music may be better suited for a rowdy bar than for your home.  The style is frequently classic, and yet it is classic with strong lyrical influences from rock music.The cover of the CD has a line that states, "A Compilation of Insurgent Chicago Country."  I really do not know what that line means, but somehow it fits and I think it says it all.
This stuff comes from the heart and the DNA of these performers. If you can listen past the fog of the old recordings to what is there beneath, it will touch your soul. That is if you are open to this kind of music. Historically a must listen.
Chris Gaffney & Dave Gonzalez of the Paladins head up the Hacienda Brothers.  This self-titled CD honky tonks like it was 1969.  In 1966, Mel Tillis recorded a song called "Mental Revenge" on his "Stateside" LP for Kapp which was followed in 1968 by a version by Waylon Jennings on an RCA LP called "Jewels."  The Hacienda Brothers dust this off like a Sherman tank and march like they're stomping on an old love affair, "I hope that the train from Caribou, Maine runs over your new love affair."  "I'm So Proud," penned by Chris & Dave, is a gorgeously romantic love song, "Loving each other, we been thru it all, You built me so high, Honey, don't let me fall."  Dave Gonzalez's guitar stars on "South of Lonesome" that'd probably made Johnny Cash a bit jealous.  Dan Penn who produced this disc has written some incredible classic tunes like "I'm Your Puppet" & "Do Right Woman, Do Right Man."  With Dave Gonzalez, Penn pens "Lookin' for Loneliness," a sweet country-jazz flavored ditty with Spooner Oldham on organ.  "Railed" is a delightful Dave Gonzalez instrumental that boogies like a Dick Dale surfer born in Texas.  Chris Gaffney's weathered vocals embrace a Dan Penn original, "The Years That Got Away," "Hair that was black now's turning grey, where they go, I'll never know, the years that got away."  On his 1967 self-titled LP that also had what would become the Nilsson "Midnight Cowboy" classic "Everybody's Talkin'," Fred Neil recorded "I've Got A Secret" that George Hamilton IV had released a year earlier.  In this Hacienda Brothers' update, it's a dense smoky tear-in-your-beer last call number, "You know I pawned my watch, I pawned my chain, I would have sold my soul, but I felt ashamed."  The 2nd instrumental "Saguaro" ends the set like the lost soundtrack to a Clint Eastwood spaghetti western.  This is a strong outing for a partnership that will hopefully write a few more chapters before it heads off into the sunset.  Enjoy!
Nice.My 000 year old mother bought me a Kindle Fire for my 51 birthday.So I decided to down load some of the music that she would like and that I all so enjoy and this was one of them.I thought that we could listen with each other as we visited.The album had a lot of nice old country songs.They played well and I have no complaints.I wish the volume was a little more on the device.
Folk is a word that is cast forth like a line in the sand.This type of music existed before people boarded onto ships in Europe and Africa hundreds of years ago and set sail for America. Rememberance of other lands and the stories told there were brought over to this new land and since  have been adapted and morphed into every form of American music that was born from their roots.English, Scottish and Irish traditions are brought forth by Al Stewart and Richard Thompson. Down and dirty blues is in the bloodstream of the great Taj Mahal and Richie Havens is singing of protest and points towards a better direction.  Country joy is pure and clear when John Hartford plays his banjo and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band teaches us the proper way to go fishin, (In The Dark!)  Bill Morrissey, brings on some wonderful wit and common sense. The Delevantes are brothers that sing like a mountain spring that casts cool clear water that never stops flowing and bringing joy to all that are lucky enough to enjoy a drink from their waters.Steve Forbert, has sledgehammer attack to an acoustic guitar and a great punky rasp that brings it all full circle as nothing here is dated or forced. Holly Near, displays a big vocal range as she soars over some tasty jazz piano and Ms. Near closes down this disc in fine style as this one is over way too soon.This is a great, great sampler that brings some true joy.Four & 1/2 Stars!
If you like the 80's Rock such as The Cult, The Mission, The Cure, Hoodoo Gurus, Spy vs Spy, etc, buy this record.Walk The West managed to blend it's American Midwest Origins with the 80's Britsh post-punk and Australlian &#34;surf-music&#34; sound and made a great original album.Unfortunatelly they headed back to Country Music (Cactus Brothers) after that, and abandoneed that formula.
This is one of the best bands to come out of Nashville in the late 80's. They were a little ahead of their time I think. An ode should go out to WRVU, Vanderbilt's radio station, for putting out the likes of this band and others when no other radio station in the Nashville area was. This was a very creative band that was going far beyond anything on the airwaves at that time.
I'm not an aficionado but I really enjoy this, my first Norman Blake CD. Each track in this large set is enjoyable. Its a lot of great music for the money.
If you are a fan of IIIrd Time Out, particularly their live shows you will find this record true to form.
Select records have an unpredictable way of becoming a good friend sometimes.  60 Watt Avenue by The Whipsaws might be an album like that.  Here's why I think so...Track 2, "Jessi Jane," echoes Replacements-inspired twang served up with rollicking, crunchy guitars, punchy backing vocals and lyrics like "Jessi your love is like the wind.  I couldn't keep you from the bottle, couldn't keep you from the sin."Tracks 3, 4, 6 and 13 ("Coming Home", "Stick Around", "Lonesome Joe" & "Seven Long Years") trade ringing guitars for lap steel, strings and keys-driven love and friendship songs equal parts Uncle Tupelo and Some Girls era Rolling Stones."There are mysteries that surround you that I don't want to solve" - from Stick Around"You gotta walk the talk and follow your heart.  Take what you need girl and finish what you start." - from Seven Long YearsTrack 7, "The War, " arguably the record's high point, unfolds with waves of fuzzed out wah wah guitar blanketing sing-along lyrics of a young person's date with the armed forces."When you turn 18 you better join the war.  You can find a good team.  You can settle the score of who's killing who.  And who's taking lives.  For democracy.  For a President's pride."The Whipsaws play music like they mean it.  If this record doesn't become a good friend it no doubt will remind you of records that may already have.
This is all great old-fashioned country music.  I got it with my grandparents in mind, but we all enjoy it.
often heard on Gilroy's KFAT radio station playing live... even my sister, who hate Country /Western, loves Disco Sucks... I've been looking for these albums for several years... if you were/are a KFAT/KPIG fan you should add this to your collection.
I lived in Rapid City SD, and saw them many times. I knew Kenny Putnam, a very talented fiddle player just a bit. He later played with Roy Clark. His father was one of my teachers.  But back to the music.  I loved the county swing/rock combination and the way Kenny could make that fiddle sing. A damn good local band that never quite made the big time, but should have.
"Will There be a Tomorrow" is a real classic: a reminder of the pilots who have come and gone before us, and a good tune to boot.
This is a very good first album from one of my favorite authors. It makes good music for when you are driving or relaxing.
Having been a big fan of Receiver, I was surprised to learn there was another FNSJ album floating around.  They have that Alt. Country/Americana sound but they aren't beholden to it.  The band glides effortlessly between acoustic, mellow sounds to crunchy guitar driven rockers.  I must also give a nod to the lyrics on most songs.  Solid stuff.  Give the samples a listen and I think you'll be intrigued.
Excellent production and collection of tracks.  Glossary went out of their way to make a solid album on this one.  You will not be let down one bit.
On "The Better Angels of Our Nature" Glossary mines an area of mid-tempo songs, and slow ballads that sound kind of kin to the late 1960s early 1970s work of the Rolling Stones, and the early 1990s revival of that kind of sound by the Black Crowes.  It's kind of a stew of Memphis-style soul, Country & Western, and Blues influences.  It has very fine, almost subtle songwriting.  In a weird kind of way, these are songs that sneak up on you, and you like them better on the 5th hearing than you did on the 1st.  The songs have an almost hypnotic power.  Some of the finer songs are:  Little Caney, Shout It From The Rooftops, Valessa, Bitter Branch, and Blood on The Knobs.  This is a fine, fine band that deserves to be much better known than they currently are.
love to hear the sounds  of the insterments and can work right along with the music .  Takes me back to the country.
I heard the "crayola" song while driving. It is extremely catchy.  Fun lyrics sung by beautiful voices.  The only reason for the 4 rating, is that the other songs, while good, just didn't catch me as much.  Still, definitely worth adding to a music collection.
I bought this album for "Crayola" which is delightful.  It's even better if you watch the videos that people made doing the song inthe internet.  There are one or two songs in the same style butmostly the other songs have completely different styles from each other.  If you can, sample the songs before buying the entire album so you won't be dissapointed.
I heard "Crayola" on Prairie Home Companion and downloaded it from Amazon.com.  I spent weeks learning to sing it with the odd rhythms.  Sometimes a song gets stuck in my head for an hour or two and I can't get rid of it and it drives me nuts.  "Crayola" was in my head every single idle moment of my life for literally MONTHS!  No exaggeration.  And I loved every minute of it!  It never made me crazy, I just enjoyed it all that time!  It is a perfect tempo for listening when I go for a brisk walk.  And I love the lyrics and harmony.  And "Markie"'s whistling is just good enough, but just bad enough to fit perfectly with the cuteness of the song.  It's great!
There's a lot going on in the music in this album.  Lots of influences, lots of instruments, all resulting in lots of good sounds.  It's possible and very easy to drift off, sometimes, though, as it has a small tendency to get pretty static after a while.
With his easy acoustic style and rich timbered voice, Rock Watson has come up with a great combination of tunes.  He has collected some real gems from the archives such as Del Shannon's RUNAWAY and Eddy Arnold's COWBOY (When was the last last time you heard that jewel?).  Rocky also includes tunes I have not heard before, but as still easy on the ears.  This is an album of good, down to earth music, performed is an honest open style.Its a keeper!
Nothing short of fantastic.  Harmonies are tight and sweeeeeeet, and the choice of songs on this album is perfect.  Sure brings a smile to my face, and I'm certain it will for you too.  Especially in the days of "politial correctness".  The only right way is the COWBOY WAY.  Very few "gray areas".  Hard work, perseverance, determination to get the job done right, and a love of the land.
It was great to hear all the old Christmas songs in the Cherokee language and with real heart it was a Merry Christmas
I love anything derek webb puts out because of his honesty and heart. I have never given sandra a chance but this is trully beatiful.  If your looking for another mockingbird then this is not it but if you are looking for great songs put out by two talented songwriters pick this up you will not be disapointed.
The Perfume Tree song here is listed incorrectly.  The song in the movie "Weirdsville" and the song available for download here is actually "Blue Stars" off the CD "A Lifetime Away", NOT "Uneasy" as is listed in the track listing.
It really bites when soundtracks DO NOT include all of the songs featured in the film.Ran into that with Napolean Dynamite too!From the songs listed in the movie credits, this soundtrack is missing:Sands of Iwo JimaStuttering ToddTwo Beat Or Not Two BeatBow to Chinese&Melodic TankHowever it DID include the jazzy a cappella I was looking for!
Jack Pearson - with his guitar and down-home folksy humor - provides a fun songfest for the entire family.  He sings classic folk songs such as &#34;I'm My Own Grandpaw,&#34; &#34;Coat of Many Colors&#34; and &#34;Kemo KImo,&#34; and more modern-day ones, such as &#34;Velcro,&#34; &#34;Blue Suede S'Mores&#34; and &#34;Fax Yourself to Jesus.&#34;  Guaranteed to bring a smile to your face!
"The Ballad Of Billy Saigon" by Wes and Victoria is folk rock/Americana at its best and deserves a good listen from any fan of that genre.  Originally hailing from Texas, the duo's work has that southern feel and is a great mix of folk, rock, country and good ol' cowboy music. Wes has a very unique singing voice that is particularly raw, letting you feel every note and word he is singing. The harmonica talent of Victoria is well highlighted on songs like "Trail of Tears," and it sounds great.  There is also a very welcoming Rolling Stones-influenced number called "Love Got a Mind of Its Own," a song that could easily be compared to anything the Stones did in their best years.  For listeners that enjoy folk rock and Bob Dylan, Wes and Victoria's "The Ballad Of Billy Saigon" is definitely worth listening to.[...]
K.C. McKanzie and Joe Budinsky come from Berlin, but they sound as if they come from the heartlands of the USA. Their music is folk and blue-grass oriented. Their songs are fragile but their is a sense of dangerous magic lingering on this album. The enchanting song of a siren luring the listener to the snakepit. But the danger won't stop you from listening. You're hooked!
I enjoy going to Ren Fairss and other gatherings that try to bring some of the past back to life.  I discovered this music through that and eventually went out of my way to find this CD and others.The music here is fun.  Some of the songs are well known classics, but others I had not heard before discovering this CD.  IT's all performed with a lot of cheer, and its clear that the women singing are having a good time and enjoying the songs.Good fun and reminds me that I want to get to the Ren Faire this spring.
You wont find a wider variety of Gospel type music. Several of the songs could be considered prophetic. Some are very enlightening, but all are grounded in God's TRUTH! If you are dissappointed with this CD I would guess you might be one of the ones God talks about, as turning you over to your own vain imaginations?
A friend of mine referred this album to me. At first I was reluctant to buy it because I never heard of C-Born Nacirfa and I really don't like rappers from Houston, TX. But man I'm so glad I bought this album. C-Born recaptures the elements of hip hop with flawless creativity. His style is unique totally untypical of Houston rappers. The production is on point. His lyrics are cleaver and bold, demanding attention. C-Born keeps it versatile with interesting subject matters, unlike the typical party and dance or the so called gangsta thug nonsense that currently floods the airwaves. This is exactly the kind of music that needs to be propagated especially in times like this. If you like artists like Immortal Technique, Nas, Dead Prez, Common or Mos Def then you will love C-Born Nacirfa. I recommend this album to anybody who still has a longing for real hip hop music. Don't sleep on it!!!
Very Rod Stewart like blues. Good driving music. Guaranteed too take you back. Love the mandoline and the raspy voice.
Self produced by David, the guitars are impeccable. A very unique talent on guitar, the recording quality of which are quite good, although the vocals may not be mainstream for many tastes. Mixed instrumentals and songs with lyrics. Also features Double Trouble drummer Chris Layton on several tracks.
I was really looking forward to receiving this CD - as I've loved David Grissom's guitar playing since seeing him with Joe Ely.The opening track showcases David's mastery of his PRS guitar - and the follow up 'Loud Music' is a great song  - no doubt covered by nearly every bar band in America - and I think Trent Summar/Hank Flamingo have recorded it too.David captures the raw, earthy tones that every guitarist loves to hear (and play themselves)on a mixture of instrumental and vocal tracks.Gary Primich plays beautiful blues harp on 'Hi Tex' - and the following track 'Sake and Venom' really pushes along in fine style with good vocals and Grissom's showcase riffs and licks.The last 3 tracks didn't quite hit the mark for me - but each to their own taste. Overall this is a great album, that will be blasting away at home and on the car player for a long, long time.I can't wait to see him play live when I'm next in the USA - Grissom is great musician with his own style - he has created his own trademark tone - something only the truly great guitarists can do.Buy it now - turn up the volume and enjoy!!!!Bob Hewitt UK ([...]
Following the huge success of "Harper Valley PTA", Jeannie C. Riley did not have another pop hit, though she did countinue to appear on the Country Chart."Yearbooks and Yesterdays" was Jeannie's follow-up to "Harper" and after that she released the album "Things Go Better With Love."Most of this album is more country-flavored than "Harper Valley PTA". The strength of HV-PTA was in the writing of the songs, though Jeannie's voice really sold the material.  There are only a couple of those great story-songs on this release; the rest are songs of love, and the trials and tribulations of marriage and motherhood."The Rib" is almost as good a cry for woman's equality as Helen Reddy's "I Am Woman". The horns date it and give it the same flavor as American Breed's "Bend Me, Shape Me" at certain points. Jeannie speaks some of the lyrics. Unfortunately, the liberated tone of this song is totally abandoned for the rest of the album."Sunday After Church" is a quiet guitar ballad where Jeannie is forbidden to see her boyfriend due to a family feud. The title refers to the only time the young lovers can meet. It picks up during the chorus.The slightly average "I'm Only a Woman" is elevated by the tinkling piano during the chorus.The lyrics to "A Real Woman" are quite contradictory to "The Rib" and a little misogynist, but this is a bouncy, catchy number that is one of the album's best."There Never Was a Time" is another countrified number where Jeannie recalls of hardship during early years of marriage and motherhood."Things Go Better With Love" is an upbeat, uplifting, twangy number with impossibly sunny and silly lyrics."I'm the Woman" is another uptempo number; the guitar reminds me of the Box Tops' "Cry Like a Baby".The same guitar flavor appears on both "The Wedding Cake", a song that feautures interesting percussion; and the cute "Thin Ribbon of Smoke".We finally get a good story song in "Our Minnie" which has a twist ending, though the music is nothing special and some of the lyrics are arranged in a clunky, awkward manner.Jeannie saves the best for last in the seedy "Back Side of Dallas", which is sort of like "The Cotton Patch: Part II" except it has a darker ending. This song has more in common with the sound of the "Harper Valley" album which explains why it's my favorite song here. This song has it all: the lyrics paint a vivid picture and Jeannie sounds spunky on it. The piano and drums make it swing and a fuzz guitar adds some spice.There's nothing particularly bad about this album. It does drag in spots and I liked the sassier Jeannie of "Harper Valley" much better. Here it seems Loretta Lynn invaded Jeannie's body. But then again, Jeannie never wanted to be a pop artist, but a country queen.I would rate this 3 1/2 stars but Amazon doesn't allow half-points so on the strength of "Back Side of Dallas" I'll bump it up to four.
Long after Johnny Cash left Sun Records for Columbia, Sun owner Sam Phillips continued reissuing the seminal sides he'd recorded before the jump. This 1961 collection collected a dozen singles sides (some A-sides, some B-sides), ranging from his first Sun single, the beautifully stark and emotional "Cry! Cry! Cry!" b/w "Hey, Porter!" to tracks later overdubbed (by producer Jack Clement, no doubt) with a vocal chorus ("Sugartime" "Down the Street to 301").Also included are several classic Cash tic-tac sides, including "Life Goes On" and "So Doggone Lonesome," and four of the bonus tracks present original undubbed versions of Jack Clement's constructions. Stripping away even the subtle overdubbing work of "My Treasure" reveals Cash the singer-songwriter, picking his acoustic guitar as accompaniment. Similarly, the undubbed master of Don Gibson's "Oh Lonesome Me" shows off the beautiful simplicity of Cash with the Tennessee Two. The fifth bonus track is a 1955 take of Marty Robbins' "I Couldn't Keep From Crying," shelved at the time.This is a good overview of the arc Cash traversed at Sun. It includes the rawness of his earliest sides, as well as the manicured overdubs with which Sun tried to crack the pop charts. The songlist intersects many other Sun-era releases, but the collection of titles here makes a really nice album spin.
Thank you Del from Motor Billy Radio, for yet again almost being responsible for this purchase here on Amazon, it's a great cd
what a great cd this is!i just found out about this band because the former guitarist of the refreshments is now in the toluenes.if your sick and tired of listening to the same generic and boring music that youve been listening to then do yourself a favor and give this a listen,im already addicted!listen im a big fan of roger clyne and what hes done but the toluenes are giving him a run for his money!you would think that because there are so many songs about mexico that it would be repetative and sound the same but dont be fooled by the song titles because each song takes you on a different story and thats great for a roadtrip or when your just relaxing on your porch drinking some beer!dont take my word for it you will have to see it for yourself!
This album is noticeably different from Redd's previous two albums, primarily because it has a bit more of a hard rock feel to it.  The music still falls pretty clearly in the outlaw country tradition (his main gig, of course, is as Merle Haggard's guitarist), but there is a bit less Jimmy Reed in his instrumental work here than in the past, and a bit more Roy Buchanan.  It is still distinctively Redd's sound, though, and he still chicken-picks with the best of them, and still throws in Jimmy Bryant-type country jazz lines to satisfy a devout fan of the telecaster.  This isn't rock-- it just has a bit more of a rock edge to it than Redd's previous albums.  Of course, if you are a true devotee of the telecaster, you are probably a Danny Gatton fanatic, so that won't bother you.Further listening:  Some of Redd's fans don't know about it, but he was in a short-lived group called The Twangbangers with fellow tele-slinger Bill Kirchen, and pedal steel visionary Joe Goldmark.  They put out a live album that is well worth picking up.  You will be particularly amused by Bill Kirchen's attempt at a Redd Volkaert guitar impression that goes wrong, and he admits it.  My favorite tele player these days, though, is Scotty Anderson.  That man can burn up the fretboard like nobody else, and he is unfortunately not well known yet.  You should also check out Forrest Lee Jr., who not only has a solo album, but recently formed a Hellecasters-style group called The Bendegos with Matt Rae.
I was lookin' to buy the Truckin' Sessions and saw this album. I do like some of the religious albums of Johnny Cash and the Elvis religious albums are some of his best. I decided to give it a shot and see. Dale's vocals are really good classic sounding Dale and there is a good mix of music on here. I like the faster paced songs, but overall the album is a little slow. Still, worth having a listen.
This was a purchase because I saw the lead singer, Joe Fletcher, perform a solo acoustic set opening for Jason Isbell. Another music lover recommended this album, and it's good. Has a heavy rockabilly vibe, so if you're into that, here you go. Too bad the samples on Amazon are far too short or non-existent.
We've been fans of Michael Hearne and South by Southwest for many years. In fact the first time we ever danced together was at an outdoor venue in northern New Mexico, with Michael and South by Southwest playing.  Michael is a dedicated and awesomely talented musician, singer, and songwriter. The songs on this cd are some of my all time favorites.
This is a great album of country rock tunes. Reminds me of the Byrds, Neil Young, Jayhawks type music. I guess you could say its nothing ground breaking, but its an album that is easy to listen to all the way through. Short disc, but every song is good
Music is relaxing and peaceful . .. good for meditation
By the first fifteen minutes of `49:00,' I was convinced I had heard some of the most worthwhile rock music in years.  His voice immediately draws from Bob Dylan, Lou Reed, Tom Petty, and, well, even in places, sounds like Paul Westerberg.  There's even an indispensable Eric Burden (of the Animals) imitation that's authentic and celebratory.  With addictive pop hooks that jingle jangle, including one that sounds like a fluid original Velvet's song (worthy like "Sweet Jane,"), Westerberg showcases an encyclopedic love of pop music.And if you don't believe me--why wouldn't you?--then his brief tribute medley will.  Doing short renditions of "Hello/Goodbye," "Born to Be Wild," "Rocket Man," "I Am a Rock," et al, Westerberg settles on The Partridge Family's "I Think I Love You" in a way that should settle any doubts of tongue-in-cheek mockery.The structure of `49:00' is threaded by fragmented lyrics and songs that fuse together without a single pause (segue).  Sounding like someone tuning a radio, especially in key places, he borrows from the Beatles' "I Am the Walrus" in structure done in a way that throws away the dial "twiddling" [changes] for a more abrupt layout.  (More like the channel changing for satellite radio.)Of course he often elaborates, but lines like "Teri, Teri, who ya gonna marry?" "Something in My Life Is Missing," "Be My Darling," and "Everyone's Stupid," are repetitive, yet sustaining enough.  We roughly get a new song every four minutes (although it's almost impossible to keep track).Punk, folk, alternative, blues, and country are showcased and sometimes mixed for a truly terrific record.  Best of all, everyone involved sounds like they're having a blast*.There are drawbacks.  After all, how do you get to your favorite part in a format that only registers as one long song?  Only Windows Media Player works for me where you're able to drag the cursor along.  The packaging doesn't really help matters, either.  `49:00' has to have one of the ugliest sleeve designs in rock history.  It proves the old adage, "You can't judge a C.D. by its cover." Was Westerberg only looking for the most sincere followers?  It's a shame because this album deserves to be heard by alternative fans and Paul deserves some royalties.  And what about the title?  The time of the music is 43:55, but it is titled `49:00' and subtitled  "...of your [line through] time (life).  As if we needed more enigma for a venue with snatches of meaning about unrequited love, morphine addiction, alienation, and, you know, the rest...Now this masterpiece is bound to become as obscure as the Velvets were in their time, which is truly as shame.  Amazon isn't selling it right now, and knowing them, you'd never catch me accusing them of being pro-censorship or anti-capitalist.  Something's gone wrong, but some have speculated that there were copyright infringements for his brief covers during the song medley.Get this recording any way you can.  (Although messy, it's deliberately so. I may have been stingy.  Many other reviewers are giving `49:00' five stars, and I fully understand why.)A J.P.'s Pick 4*'s = Very Good*I have to retract this.  I read a review after posting that says Paul Westerberg recorded all the instruments on his album.  Sort of like a punk version of Paul McCartney's 'McCartney'.
I loved the fact that it was offered for 49 cents...I even liked most of the music. I fantasize about having Paul over to my house to have lunch, but I didn't like the song over the other song thing.  I also didn't like the lady and the kids screaming at the end.  I don't have to pay any money to hear that.
For many years I have thought Westerberg had the most soulful voice in rock. I have enjoyed almost all of his cds but have never had one quite totally spark with me. Now he has done it. This rivals anything he has ever done and probably surpasses it. And you can get it for 49 cents...???? What can you say but 'thank you Paul Westerberg!'
This record is perfect. Great mix between lo-fi Grandpaboy, Replacements grind timbre and folk Americana.Come see us in NOLA, ya hick.
When I woke up this morning I had no idea I would be listening to a new batch of Paul Westerberg recordings this evening, but life sometimes gives us little jewels like this. This is an intimate and sublime series of songs and pop-collages--A must have for all who appreciate excellent song writing and raw yet somehow perfect basement production. After three passes through 49:00 I'm again convinced that Paul Westerberg is one of America's most talented, complex, and important living songwriters.The only thing more perplexing is the ridiculously low price.
Just surfing a random music blog the other day that I check every once in a while and like most others have already said, I was both surprised and stoked to see some new stuff from Paul.  Thanks Paul!!  Have only listened to the whole thing once through, but can't get the opening song out of my head; it could "make" a album all on its own!!  Paul's guitar, voice and melodies are timeless on it.  Plus, I bet Terry is smokin' hot in real life.
This is how dirty old tapes are supposed to sound. Could be a podcast--but consider the source. She's no pro tool.
The future of music is still unfolding. The whole idea of creating and selling music has become a difficult likelihood. A variety of solutions have cropped up by the likes of the Eagles, Radiohead, and Trent Reznor. Westerberg's new album provides another example. It's an uptempo rocking farrago, with both complete songs and bits and pieces of others, sort of like (but not as good as--what could be?) side 2 of The Beatles' Abbey Road, that edited together a series of song fragments into somewhat of a suite. But what's notable about Westerberg's album is the new approach to the music business. He's made the album one continuous track. If you want to hear all the songs, you're in for a 43 minute, 55 second journey, but one that is worth the effort. I've found it encourages listening, rather than simply background music for cleaning the house (although it works that way, too).  I think that was his intent.I imagine the album might be released later in a traditional format, or maybe not. But Westerberg has succeeded in getting his work noticed in a time when record companies are not adequately promoting artists and, given the available inexpensive, do-it-yourself recording techniques these days, he'll probably make more money than most of his other albums. We need good ideas like this so that good music continues to be available.
If you are 30-40 something, and loved Westerberg et al kinda rock back in the day, prepare to open a cold drink, crank this up, and listen to the album. What a deal. Thanks, Paul
This is a fantastic mess! I would be perfect if it weren't for that leather and lipstick bit....
VERY MUCH IN THE STYLE OF WAYLON JENNINGS, INCLUDES COUPLE OF WAYLONS SONGS AND THATS ALWAYS GOODTO HEAR. GOOD LIVE PERFORMANCE, WELL RECORDED AND TAKES YOU BACK TO WHEN WAYLON HIMSELF PLAYED IN SMALL BARS. IF YOU LIKE WAYLON, GIVE THIS A LISTEN, HE'S NOT WITH US ANYMORE SO LETS SUPPORT GUYS LIKE BERT DAVID NEWTON WHO ARE KEEPING THAT MUSIC STYLE GOING.
Cyndi Harvell has an absolutely lovely voice and her music is so delightful that you want to hear more.  I heard her for the first time last week at the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival in San Francisco and thoroughly enjoyed her music so I decided to purchase the music I could!  I'm looking forward to much more!!
Portland, Oregon trio The Catillacs  have come with their claws out on their excellent debut album, "Meow Mix."  Guitarist Richie Bean, drummer Susan Costa, and bassist George Burton performed on and produced the entire album, skillfully jumping between and combining Americana, rock, alt-country, blues, honky tonk, and surf rock genres.  The entire album features nice musical layering, excellently crafted guitar solos from Bean, and great toe-tapping beats from Costa.  The vocals are consistent with the genres and reminiscent of classic artists like Creedence Clearwater Revival, Neil Young, and Canned Heat, adding a certain timelessness to their sound.  The lyrics vary as well, from dark lyrics about death and exacting revenge to sappy love ballads to just plain fun upbeat songs about living.  The Catillacs self-produced "Meow Mix," and it sounds excellent and professionally done.  "Boogaloo" is a great introductory track with a fun upbeat voodoo blues sound, a great hook, and superb guitar work.  "True Love Figurine" is a Chicago blues track with a New Orleans flavor that features great storytelling lyrics and a great blues arrangement.  With their dynamic musical arrangements and timeless sound, the cats and Catillacs alike will be happy to know that "Meow Mix" has delivered.  Fans of Americana, blues, and classic rock should certainly pick up The Catillacs' debut.[...]
"Blue Turns Black" is Joe's most personal and mature collection of songs to date. Like his previous releases, "Blue'" flaunts contemporary trends - including New-Soul cliches - to create nothing less than a Rosetta Stone of American Music, running the gamut from solo folk-ballads to horn-infused soul to pop and rock. The song "The First to Know" has already been featured in the independent film "For Women Only", which has played at the Asheville, North Carolina Film Festival as well as the da Vinci Film Festival."International Acoustic Music Awards Shines Artist's Spotlight on Joe Nolan"- International Acoustic Music Awards"A singer-songwriter whose dense, descriptive poetry is almost on par with his harmonica idol Dylan and whose street-corner sentimentality turns tuneful circles around Billy Joel..."Bob Strauss - Los Angeles Daily News"Joe Nolan can write with an eye for detail, a flair for poetry of characterization, and an ability to marry both those talents to folk/acoustic/rock..."Kerry Dexter - Roots Music Business"Joe Nolan is a poet..."Clay Steakley - Performing Songwriter
Southern California quietly has built a thriving country music scene over the years.  While not gaining the attention or reverence of Nashville or Branson, Orange and L.A. counties are home to a thriving country music community.  Gina Quartaro and Perry Martin were both pieces of the puzzle in SoCal, but it wasn't until they were introduced by their Chiropractor just about a year ago that they moved to the head of the pack.  As 2/5 of Sway, Quartaro and Martin have melded into a dynamic singing/songwriting/performing force majeure that is bound to turn a spotlight on the scene as a whole.  Quartaro was raised on Hank Sr., and Martin cut his teeth touring Vietnam with The Donny James Show and performing on television for the Armed Forces Television Network.  Together, they've found a sort of musical alchemy that's almost fairy-tale quality.  The former Nashville Star contestant, Sway, released its debut album, Let It Roll in 2009.  Look out Nashville, her comes Sway.I've been waiting for a while for a band and song to come along that will ultimately prove what country radio is made of, and I've finally found it.  Cowgirl Scene, the opening track from Let It Roll, should put Sway firmly on the Country music map.  Suffice it to say that on a major label with the right marketing push, this is a #1 hit.  It will be the shame of the industry if that doesn't happen, because this might just be the best Country/Pop offering of the last few years.  It's a girl's night out song, and so infectious you won't be able to get it out of your head.  Let It Roll comes from a more introspective place, reflecting a positive outlook based in self-sufficiency.  The song is very tuneful and well-written; the sort of personal anthem that people might take to in difficult times.If I Knew is in the classic vein of tragic country songs; a musical letter from a widow to her deceased husband about their daughter.  Quartaro gives a moving vocal performance, with Perry Martin answering in almost ethereal tones.  Get the tissues ready for this one.  Sway swings from this bit of personal darkness to In The Hands Of Love, a highly optimistic song about the power of humanity to rise above its own petty nature in response to one another's needs.  This is another song that should be getting serious airplay, although its perhaps a bit too upbeat and positive thinking for a cynical radio industry.One of the things I enjoy most about Sway is their willingness to break the mold, musically.  Check out I'm Over You, a song with distinct country coloring but which smacks of an almost Fleetwood Mac pop sound.  Quartaro is entirely in her element here in a mildly driven pop/rock song in Americana clothing.  This particular melody will inspire you to sing along and will keep recurring in your mind.  Perry Martin takes over lead vocals on This World.  Martin's voice is distinctive, part Leonard Cohen and part crooner.  This World is a highly positive song that again hits the theme of people overcoming their own base natures, and how that ability is a perennial marker of hope.  You'll also want to be certain to check out More Than Enough and Love Takes Time.Whether it's Quartaro's lead vocals, Martin's harmonies, the songwriting, the energy or any other quality you care to name, Sway is a first class Country/Pop outfit with significant commercial potential.  If the industry doesn't embrace this band and give them the support they need then shame on the establishment.  Sway has found a dynamic blend of classic Country and Pop that is pop gold.  Let It Roll is a dynamic and wholly enjoyable debut.Rating: 4.5 Stars (Out of 5)
I love Kelly and her music is still in the formative stages of her development.  If she keeps growing in her work here as she did on DWTS, she will be a perennial CMA winner.  The quality of her voice and sound is great but I do believe so many of her songs start to sound alike.  I believe she has more versatility than what we hear on this album and I will look forward to hearing that in future works.  In the meantime, I could watch her dance every week!  Great talent, great young artist!
This is good cooking! Blues, a tiny bit of jazz, weepy country ballads and even a little bit of a doo-wopesque ditty (the title track, one of my favorites), you kinda get it all here, all in one stew. Nothing really feels out of place here. Just quintessential American music drenched in that old fashioned type of melancholy and grit you don't really get anymore. Gina has an amazing voice, and writes most of the material on the album as well. Great instrumentation backing this girl up. Tough chick.
I listened to the samples provided by Amazon, and there are some decent sounding tracks except for the fact that it sounds like it was recorded in a garbage can. The engineer should be whipped. The audio quality is the only reason why I will not buy this album. My suggestion to the band if they're still together, would be to find a competent engineer and produce a new a new album. Something tells me this album hasn't sold and is as stale as a five year old loaf of bread.. The material itself seemed ok though. It's too bad, these guys may have had a shot if it wasn't such a crappy recording. I do like most of what I heard. I'll add it to my wish list anyway, maybe I'll download it one day.
I bought this collection exactly for what it is - a well produced collection of Classic Country music performed by top studio musicians. Every track is flawlessly representative of a classic genre in a clean, non-threatening manner. A great bible to use for musicians to quickly bone up on country music. It also provides great background music for daily life. Enjoy!
It hits the heart of a country girl.  As always I want to hear and be able to understand the lyrics.
Listened to it all day and could continue forever.  These oldies are so special to me some from my grandparents days.  Makes you want to shout AMEN.
Inspiring in music notes  good for those who love country ,will recommend for the young at heart and those who 's tired of profanity in music
Very good songs. I just wish that they werfe by the original artists. The singers are good on here but it is not quiet the same. I still liked it very much.
Country music gospel is the type that has a way of reflecting the past of most of America.simple in rhythm and easy toKeep time to .mostly a matter of heritage.
I've been a fan of the Gatlin Brothers for about 20 years and I love gospel music.  That's why I ordered this music.  I have iton my Fire, so I can carry it with me wherever I go and enjoy the music.  It's really great.
Beware. Most of this album is indeed Kitty Wells, but Track 18 is most definitely the 1990s recording by Kelly Willis. A great rendition but not to be confused with Kitty Wells.
The Randy Brown Show is an original throwback honky tonk band that makes you close your eyes and think it's 1970 all over again. His subject matter of Fort Worth, fast women, and drinking remind me of George Jones and Merle Haggard.
"Blue Norther" by The Bordersnakes is alternative/Americana album with a sound compiled from several influences. The basis is country, but throw in some blues and a blue collar rock element and there is a formula that equals high energy and a definite sing along ability. The arrangements are diverse and the performances are fantastic. Listeners will also appreciate the amount of passion behind the well-delivered, well-harmonized vocals. Overall, the band's sound is very complete and the song-writing ability is not to be ignored. The album sounds great, with evident care taken in heightening the experience by making every element of the sound represented. A highlight is the opener "State Road 7." There is and undeniable Springsteen element here, as this track has a raw power to it and a great piano line, and tears off the roof with a vibrant horn section. "Blue in the Face" features some great variation in the vocal performance, tons of energy, and clever lyrics. "Shadow On the Wall" has some beautiful harmony in the vocals and is hypnotic and mellow. For listeners that enjoy classic American rock, be sure to check out The Bordersnakes' "Blue Norther."William and the [...] Reviewer Team
"Just Came Around" by Gayle Lynn and the Hired Hands is a wonderful country music album with a hint of folk attributes. Lynn's vocals are strong and heartfelt while her creative lyrics express everything from harsh realities to love. These lyrics are exhibited in the ballads and lively tunes alike, creating a nice assortment of songs on this album. Strong musicians reflect the solid harmonic foundation throughout the entire album. You'll love the steel guitar with its sliding characteristic feature on "Think of You Sometimes." A dash of rock gives "Live Oak Lane" a lively tempo and the feeling of happiness. The harmonies on "Singing Cowboys" and "Whiskey Shot Side" are an impressive flavor of the country sound. The traditional country music with a taste of folk is well worth listening to on the album "Just Came Around" by Gayle Lynn and the Hired Hands.Diane and the [...]Reviewer Team
Good album. Singing is not really strong but she has a good voice. Some of the tunes sound like it is a backing track. I think it would have been better if it were just her and her guitar. I have seen Jett on other shows and Larry's Country Diner and she is a much singer on those venues. Worth the purchase price regardless.
So my sister and I, who are *not* bluegrass purists, would both give this CD a 5. But my dad, who is a 'purist' so to speak, says it's 'too modern' for his tastes.So, if you like a more modern sound, you'll like this CD. But if your idea of what music should sound like is rooted in the 1940's, maybe it's not for you.
Love this album, Bob Wayne is killer! Volume isn't as loud as other albums I've bought though. Maybe you can work on this so they are all the same?
I was browsing music for some old songs. I really like bluegrass and was looking up some old bluegrass songs I used to like.  I had heard of Carol Davis and one of my searches turned this album up.  I listened to some samples and decided to buy the album.  I do not regret the purchase.  While the lyrics don't apply to the times today or even in some recent pasts, I like to think about how times were in earlier days.  My parents were brought up during the time these songs are more relative to and from their stories/pictures, it just makes listening to the album enjoyable for me.
I first heard Dirtfoot at a music festival in Arkansas (Mulberry Mountain, 2007) , and was blown away with their sound and energy.  Days later, "Entertain Me" was my first EVER purchase of an electronic copy of an album and it was great.Now, I have tickets to see them again (Waka, 2009) so had to check if they'd produced any more albums...and they got to be my first album to download from Amazon.If you don't have any Dirtfoot albums, go for "Entertain Me" first.  This album is a bit slower but is growing on me.  I may come back and give it five stars after I've had it for a while more.The band has great energy and I love their sound.  I can't say much about that--you can listen to them here to get a feel for their sound.  What I can say is that they are a band that can DELIVER when you see them live.  If you like their sound, I'd encourage you to download the album.  But beyond that, don't miss a chance to see them live.
This MP3 is a classic The music is a cross of Old time country and BG The roots of both music types are here It is fun to go back in time to hear the original artists and the way the music sounded back then. The price of the MP3 makes this a very good buy. The music is obscure but very good.
"Seven Stars" is an energetic four-song rock EP from Norwegian singer/songwriter B. Keyler.  B. Keyler brings great vocal styling to the table with an impressive range, a strong voice, and an original delivery reminiscent of KT Tunstall and the cutesy European vocals of Regina Spektor.  "Seven Stars" has four great rock arrangements with melodic and rhythmic tones, nice guitar work, and solos to boot.  This EP was self-produced, giving B. Keyler the freedom to perfect her sound, and she succeeds.  "It's Who I Am" features a nice arrangement with great acoustic and electric layering and an excellent vocal performance in which B. Keyler is really displays a great amount of passion in her delivery.  "I Wish" is a more lyrical track, but it also has a nice arrangement, slick reggae guitar work and a great Spektor-esque vocal delivery.  Overall, "Seven Stars" is an impressive showing from a great female vocalist that leaves the listener eager to hear what she'll do next.  Fans of rhythmic modern rock and original female vocal styling should look into B. Keyler.[...]
Not much to say about this CD, the music is easy listening. Not pop music as her past compositions. No recongonizable hits, but all in all, good lyrics and instrumentations.
Having first encountered this band live in a little club in SoCal, I was amazed that they'd only recently formed.  The songwriting, musicianship and harmonies are great.  While much better live, the band still sounds great in studio.  Listen to Country Love or I'm Not Down and get a real sense of what this band can do.  Johnnie's Boogie showcases their musical skills and Bring On the Whiskey is as heartbreaking a ballad as you'll hear.  Give this band a try and you're sure to become a fan.
I agree... this duo is sadly overlooked. I've seen them live and they put on a good show, and I think the songs on their CDs, both individual and together, stand up very well. If you like this CD (and I think you will), check out Michael's "The Winner", which also has Ms. Hearst on it. Thumbs up.
Ms. Hearst has the big voice and can belt it when she wants to--sometimes she chooses not to. Mr. Trent is a backup voice although he takes the lead on some numbers and does just fine. Overall, they're very interesting: country, it would seem at first, then maybe rockabilly with some definite straight rock and even bluesy tunes. I think they're still figuring out their sound and their main strength, but it's fun to watch them explore. They're a lot more classy than just a shovel and a rope.
New group with great songs.  Americana Music.......So much better than the new stuff coming out of Nashville!  Not your same ole, same old songs and music.
Not as good as the first album but still was quite good.  This one was a little too &#34;Country&#34; for my tastes.
Love this cd.Cary has a brillant voice and her and Michael sound wonderful together.True music without all the fuss.Saw you both on Dave Letterman and now I have 2 cds and waiting for my 3rd.
Somewhat reminiscent of 1940 and 50's country music, Hank Williams Sr, Eddie Arnold, and Hank Locklin. Mainly my interest was peaked by the fact they were all gospel songs I had never heard in my lifetime. My Gospel interest is driven by learning the composers interpretation of good sound biblical Truth's! It is a good easy listening gospel album full of quality voice and instruments.
Love this collection except for the recordings by Wanda are recent and she sounds like she's smoked too many cigarettes. Wish they had used earlier recordings by her as the voice use to be much better.
A very stylistic country album.  For those who enjoy a 50's influenced sort of country swing.  Maybe somewhere between Bob Wills and Ricky Skaggs.  Came recommended to me by a friend who plays pedal steel.  And there's some really nice steel on this album...nothing jaw-dropping, but very classy.
Reagan K is an amazing young lady.  She has a ton of talent and brings a different sound than the typical top 40 pop prepackaged stuff you hear.  Relaxing and fun, she plays and sings with soul.She is a wonderful person too.  She is willing to spend time helping those around her to be a success.  Let's help spread the word on her and her songs.
Great American music. If you like Acapella then you will enjoy this. Would love to see them at disney world.
This CD worked our great during my Olympic opening ceremony party.  THANKS for offering it.  Will use it for all my competition games  :)
One sample track from Mike Short Jr's new CD on a sampler album convinced me I had to hear more and I'm sure glad I did. He's found a great collaboration in the song lyrics of Erich Yesse (who penned nearly all the songs on this album - the rest written by a "W. Yesse") and his own "country-fied" vocal style.I was surprised to see that he's based in Pennsylvania, not Tennessee. He sure has that twang in his voice.Any one of the 12 tracks (unusual, since most country albums only have 10) would fit on a new country station. The typical subjects of "new country" are here: Love, returning from a war and dancing!. The songs all hold up to repeated listening. He's make a great opening act for Brad, George, or Tim (you know who I mean).Anyway, this is a great first effort and I highly recommend it to country fans.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
Paul Estro's self-titled debut forges a new and delightful territory in the country gospel music scene. Estro's raw and witty lyricism, coupled with his intimate Southern backwoods-style vocal intonations, fuses to create a palatable and innovative collection unlike its contemporaries. Throughout the 8-song CD, Estro relies on twangy guitar and female Gospel chorus - not to mention the occasional power chord - to deliver songs that extol the virtues of his faith, while skewering the trappings of the modern church. Moreover, the musicianship of this work is exceptional in technique and caters well to the emotions each song intends to invoke. Highlights include the country shuffle, "The Church of McWill," a Guitar Town-era, Steve Earle-like rocker called "Welcome Home," and the catchy "Pastor Martin is Coming." Fans of country gospel marked by clever satire will find a humorous solace in this memorable debut. Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Weaving world rhythms and melodies over varied soundscapes that delight as much as they surprise, Peter One's debut CD, "Alesso," is a rare and potent mix of African folk, Afro-beat, and Reggae music styles. Hailing from the Ivory Coast, Peter One's relaxed and engaging voice imbue his nine original songs with a warmth that cannot be imitated, revealing in sing-along-worthy tunes the universality inherent in the African folk tradition. "Ono On My Mind" has a melody as immediate and lasting as they come, "Yamussokro" uses horns and banjo combination in a completely unique - but utterly African way, and "Hozana" bounces along on an insistent reggae beat. Elsewhere, the traditional "Jukru Lov'," with its orchestral textures, is anthem-like while the title track, "Alesso," a song exhorting native empowerment, resonates with deep conviction. Whether singing in his native language or French ("Ono On My Mind" is the only song in English), Peter One's CD has the gift of universal resonance, a quality that makes "Alesso" an excellent primer of original African folk music.Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Prime Cuts:  Talkin' About You, Slow Poke, If I Had YouSome "blings" are not just your eye-catching, flashy, and ostentatious ornaments. Rather, they are so revolutionary that they make a career charting statement.  Ever since her debut CD for the now dysfunction Asylum Records, Davis has never made it a secret her penchant for western music.  Though she has made writing and recording contemporary country music her bread and butter, she has always allowed her indulgence for the west to emerge in songs such as "Lone Star Swing," "Yodel Blues" and "Summer Nights in Dixie."  This time round on "Western Bling," Davis has decided to give her pen a rest.  Instead, she has decided to dust off some of the classic gems from the 1920s and 1930s and re-dressed them with a western swing twist.  Hence, she and her co-producer Rich O'Brien have inadvertently created a new genre where fiddles and steel guitars exist conterminously with the tunes of the Gerswhins, Pee Wee Kings and Cindy Walker.One of this CD's greatest pluses is that it has a very relaxing feel to it.  It's almost as if Davis in her languid and easy going style takes us on a sonic slow journey passed the streets of wildly cascading baskets of fuschia bougainville and pausing to enjoy the eastern sky blazes pink, purple, orange, and red above the still-silhouetted piney hills.  Case in point is the beautiful rendering of Cindy Walker's classic "Baby, That Sure Would Go Good" where her nuanced reading of this romantic ballad is picturesquely sweet.  In a high spirited mode, the ensemble offers a sprightly version of "If I Had You" originally made famous by Bing Crosby.  While she throws off her shoes for some down time with "Slow Poke."  Offering invaluable advice as to how to deal with spousal discontent, "Slow Poke" still have layers of lessons ready for us decades after it has been written.Some frisky moments abound with Davis' jovial reading of Bob Willis "Talkin' About You," heightened by its call and response chorus by Davis and a group of male Louie Jordan-styled response.  "Nevertheless" is testimonial to how songs of yore have the ability to conjure emotions so real and engaging as this 1931 classic speaks of the first flashes of love.  The dreamy Bobby Darin classic "Beyond the Sea" is the perfect getaway one can enjoy without even leaving your chair.  Davis' delivery here is so soothing you can almost feel the breeze of the ocean blowing across your brow.Perhaps, if there's a weakness in this otherwise stellar CD, it's that the backings are kept to such a minimalistic level that sometimes it becomes a little soporific.  If the percussion were to be more at the fore creating more of a beat, it would be more engaging.  Also, ballads seem to dominate here and it would be even more interesting if the tempo were to be more varied.  Nevertheless, despite these quibbles, "Western Bling" really strikes new turf:  for who would have thought jazzy old standards and the western music could enjoy such a satisfying marriage?
I was lead to Texan Heather McCready's music by the song "Neverland" (from her first CD) that appeared on a radio music sampler. I couldn't stop listening to it and kept hitting the "replay" button. I just had to hear the whole CD.You'll find my review of that album elsewhere on Amazon.This is the 2009 follow-up for McCready and, like her first, the title track - a secular song in the country/bluegrass vein about being carefree - is one of the two standouts. The other is the track "Scarborough Fair". That song is a "tribute" to the original Paul Simon song, which new lyrics by McCready with some of Simon's tune mixed in. The arrangement (by Milo Deering, who does most of the arrangements on McCready's albums) is gorgeous.Speaking of gorgeous, that describes McCready's voice. Though she is pictured on the album cover with a guitar, she provides only vocals on all but four tracks - and she plays piano on those. The guitars and all the strings are handled by Deering.While about half of the tracks are aimed at the general country (and even bluegrass) audience, this is a Christian music album with the balance of the tracks being songs about or directed to Jesus or God. Since my musical interests lie outside the Christian music spectrum, I can't judge those tracks fairly. But the secular songs well written and speak to the heart and soul. These would fit in easily on Country radio - especially the upbeat ones.McCready wrote the lyrics and music to all the songs (except for co-credit to Simon for "Scarborough Fair" and she has a gorgeously sweet voiceI understand a third album is coming in Summer 2010.. If you are a fan of Christian music, you'll obviously love the whole album. For me, it's tracks 3 and 5 that I'll be listening to again.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
from beginning to end a true gem. southern storytelling at it's best.... for anyone that listens to Springsteen or fans of southern rock...
My favorite tracks in order:The Square Root of Two - One of my favorite love songs, definitely for hopeless romanticsWhen Your Lips are Playing my Kazoo - I've never heard a more polite way to describe a bj.My Baby's off the MarketHeavy PettingThey Can't Prohibit LoveWilliam Howard Taft
Quality of the sound was just ok. My elderly mother of 81is enjoying it very much. Good old country people.
I think you've got to weigh the cost of something when reviewing a product. 50 songs for a more than reasonable price, even with a few flaws, is a good deal. Yeah, there are some not-up-to a sound engineer's standard on here, especially the live recordings, but the selections are an overall satisfying experience.If you're a sound perfectioness, better skip this one. But if you're an average Joe looking for oldies but goodies, this album is a bargain. BTW, my billed price came with a steep discount off of list. Maybe yours will too.
I love country music and the older singers. Waylon Jennings and Johnny Cash are 2 of my favorites. Also, Conway Twitty.
I can't believe it's been twenty years since the latest incarnation of All in the studio but the band once again outdid and reinvented themselves at that time with a young, meaty-voiced god named Chad Price.  It's been over a decade since a new album and lots of All live reunions.  In that time he's had time to reinvent himself as a key ingredient to the legendary northwest answer to alt-country, Drag The River.  It was long after he made his initial mark with them that I was astounded to see him standing on stage playing bass and backing vocals for Rocky Votolato one night in 2007.  Couldn't recognized Chad through all that hair but his voice was unmistakable.  He had soul as I would soon confirm through a trip through the Drag The River back catalogue.  Smile Sweet Face is a stripped down representation of that soul with gritty, painful lyrics that brought full circle the depth of this dude's 20 year venture in and out of my radar.  He's versatile and his songs on Smile Sweet Face are pure.  Highly recommendable.
Like the old black and white westerns, you'll like this music.  I'm a fan of traditional folk and western music and this fits in well.
Cool rockabilly groove and country flavored punk-rockish attitude. A nice album to get lost down a highway with.  Top notch songwriting.
A member of the band gave me this CD about three years ago. I was working at Staples' Copy & Print Center, and I made a few copies he needed for an upcoming show. We chatted, he left, and then he came back with a copy of this album. I've listened to it several times since then, and have found it very moving. The songs have a depth to them that is lacking in most other music. I hope MBird continues making music, as it is very beautiful indeed.
Ok, Ukelele music is more than a bit retro, but the direct personal connection it makes never goes out of style.  These songs are simple and straightforward, well done and simply itchin' for you to jump in and sing along with.
After seeing and hearing Chris several times, it's nice to see him finally recording. He just keeps getting better and the backing here really makes it. Best songs are Red Dirt Farm and Ghost. Keep it up, Chris--looking forward to hearing the next one.
Somethin' about that voice; vulnerable, road-weary, downtrodden, that makes this album work (along with some genuine lyrics). I heard "Chain Link Fence" on XM Outlaw Country and looked up this Wink Keziah. I also like Lost Highway, Where You Comin' From, and Sweet Jesus. Some real good country songs on this record.
This was a gift for my brother, he really wanted this CD and Amazon was the only place I could find it.  It is a great CD recorded by a young Canadian singer who's life came to a tragic end way too soon.
I have always ejoyed michale martin murphey's music clear back in the 70's.He has a good voice and is a good guitar player. He chooses great songs to record.and is an excellent song writer . This mp3 is fun and I wish every artist had this kindof ability to just play and sing as well as Mr.Murphy  does also love the Bluegrass L P's the best.Try this very good artist.
I first heard Adam Lee&#8217;s Drinking, Cheating, Loving and Leaving as the closing credits rolled for Red State, one of the truly bad movies of the last few years. The soulful mix of old school country and rockabilly made enduring the awful movie worthwhile. I picked up When the Spirit Moves Me, which led to Ghostly Fires. Both are full of songs of love lost and found, hard living and hard drinking. If you are a fan of Dwight Yoakum, Hank Sr or Ray Wylie Hubbard you will be right at home with Adam Lee.
It doesn't take long to realise that Pokey LaFarge was born to play this kind of music. Emanating through his instrument, vocals and persona is a powerful trip back in time to the 1930's "dust bowl" era of American roots music.What started out as solo act (2001) evolved into a quartet in 2009 when he joined with "The South City Three" of Joey Glynn (bass), Adam Hoskins (guitar)) and Ryan Koenig (harmonica, washboard) to form the band "Pokey LaFarge". I do believe the band has grown once more with the recent additions of TJ Muller (cornet, trombone) and Chloe Feoranzo (clarinet, saxophone). This one of those groups that lives its music making them a lot of fun to watch. Their attention to period details as well as the strong apparent camaraderie serves to heighten the experience.They have released two other great albums, "Middle of Everywhere" (2011) and "Pokey LaFarge" (2013). I do not generally listen to this type of music, but I do have a huge vinyl /CD collection, and every genre has something sterling in it, it was nice to find this and the six young people who are keeping this music alive.
Pokey and the Lads steal old melodies, overlay old-time lyrics with a modern vibe and somehow produce a raw but top-notch production. Not an easy task. I love the whole feeling of this album. Like they just fell into the studio, unpacked, tuned and did 1 take of each song. Immediate and vital music with direct links to old-time music. It's no coincidence that you'll be tapping your foot thinking, &#34;I know that melody!&#34;. Pokey--like Woody, Bob, and all the real American Folkies--has no problem shop-lifting old tunes. Like the oral poets, he even lifts a few well-known phrases, but crafts them into something new and very entertaining. Highly recommended.
San Francisco's The Famous, led by guitarist/vocalists Laurence Scott and Victor Barclay, debuted five years ago with the post-punk rock of [[ASIN:B000CAJG6M/hyperbolium-20 Light, Sweet Crude]]. They still profess deep affection for the Pixies, but their new release isn't nearly as raw as the debut, and the country twang explored on the earlier "Deconstruction Worker" is the new record's raison d'tre. Scott's vocals retain their edgy emotion, and the music still has its rock power, but the band plays with more dynamics, and the tempos mull over the lyrics' angst rather than spitting them out. If country music's original outlaws had made their break with Nashville in the post-punk era, it might have sounded a lot like this. Scott's bitter words and needy tone straddle the line between anger and remorse on the perfectly unconvincing "Without You," and though "Perspicacious" sounds like the post-punk power-pop of Sugar, Scott retains the twang in his voice. The band shows their instrumental chops on the lengthy spaghetti-western intro to "Happy," and the title track mixes the growl of Tom Waits and dark theatrics of Screamin' Jay Hawkins with a mix of trad-jazz trombone, hard-twanging guitar and pedal steel. The closing instrumental "Under the Stars" is wistful, with countrypolitan piano, lazy steel and a terrificEndless Summerguitar that draws the day's surfing (or perhaps trail ride) to a close. The melding of eras and influences is heard throughout the album, with heavy lead guitars winding into hard-charging Gun Club-styled verses, and spare solos that build into musical walls. This is a terrific evolution from the band's debut, focusing the muscle and energy of their post-punk rock into compelling, emotional twang. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
Great album. Definitely shows why these two were the definition of what bluegrass music was. Very talented musicians and performers.
Cahalen Morrison can do it all.  He plays anything with strings, and does so brilliantly.  His voice has been described by none other than Tim O'Brien himself as &#34;knife-edged.&#34;  And he can play in any style.  For the last few years, he has been one half of arguably the best duo in old-time/bluegrass music today, along with Eli West.  This album predates Cahalen's first album with Eli by one year, and while there are hints of the greatness to come, Old-Timey & New-Fangled mostly comes across as just great comfort music.  The album is mostly Cahalen playing impromptu, going back and forth between the kind of folk and blues that owes much to Kelly Joe Phelps (with whom Cahalen has played some shows), and spot-on Appalachian styles built around Cahalen's clawhammer banjo and accompanying fiddle.  There are a few other musicians who contribute (Cahalan can't play fiddle and banjo at the same time, alas), but this is Cahalen's show.  What elevates the music from run-of-the-mill historical re-creation is Cahalen's unusual sense of timing, which he would develop more fully with Eli West after this album.Of course, Cahalen and Eli as a duo don't leave as much room for Cahalen's guitar skills, and he is a fantastic fingerpicker and slide player (remember that Kelly Joe Phelps thing).  This album showcases those skills well.  So, for fans of Cahalen and Eli, this album gives a bit more sense of Cahalen's range.  As I said, the man can do it all.
Members of three bands that are "jam" friendly put out a disk of country-rock that with a batch of solid, and at times wonderful songs. The quality of the recording is good as any of them done in their career. The song writing is above the average for the genre, the vocals are strong, the instrumental interplay is wonderful, and the energy and creative vibe jumps out from the speakers. It doesn't break from the rock/country/jam genre, so I am not sure if will speak to those not already fans of this type of music. But if you are a New Monsoon, Railroad Earth or String Cheese fan, you'll probably find many things to love about this disc.
This music is very good.  Marques is an amazing song crafter.  I can put this CD on and listen to all the tracks start to finish and enjoy every one.  I have seen him and the Evil Twins in concert at the Crystal Corner - a lost pleasure.  The Ballad of the Evil Twins often gets played twice in a row.
Prime Cuts:  Mr. Right and Mrs. Wrong, Good Year for the Roses, There's Something About a LadyFor the hardcore country conscious, Landon Dodd's "Call of the Wine" deserves a permanent place on your CD shelf.  At the fore, this is traditional dance hall country music replete with shuffles, two steps and waltzes accompanied by steel and fiddles.  Even without listening to the disc, there are already a few factors that signal greatness.  First, this record was released under the imprint of "Heart of Texas."  This is a recording company whose sui genesis is to propagate pure unadulterated country music evidenced by the records released by its signed roaster such as Amber Digsby, Justin Trevino and Leonie Williams.  Second, heavy weights of the traditional country fare dominate the disc with Jake Hooker on bass, Bobby Flores on fiddle, the aforementioned Digsby, Trevino and Williams on backing vocals.  Further, on the helm is Jim Lossberg who recently oversaw the production of Jake Hooker's disc.  So, on paper, this album passes with flying colors.  Sonically, these tracks do not disappointed either:  they are culled from the classic country songbook such as George Jones' "A Good Year for the Roses" to more obscure covers such as Wynn Stewart "I Just Bought the Shoes" and Ray Price's "I Want to Hear It From You."Vocally, Dodd's southern drawl-tenor is on par but a tad anonymous.  Nevertheless, he has played in the Texas circuit long enough to carve for himself his own identity, such as he does not succumb to George Jones' lethargic phrasing when it comes to his cover of the Possum's "A Good Year for the Roses."  Rather, delivered at a quicker tempo, his delivery is original as well as affecting.  Again on the 1975 Mel Tillis and Sheery Byrce's "Mr. Right and Mrs. Wrong," Dodd and Amber Digsby sing it like it was written just for them.  "Call of the Wine," though a new song, sounds like it was written in the time warp of the 70s where the honky tonk was the source of country music's inspiration.  Similarly the domestic dispute of a wife's displeasure of her man spending too much time in the tavern, is well addressed in the Western swinging "Face the Music."Yet, even when Dodd deals with romance less putrid side, he excels too.  Dodd joins Leona Williams (the former Mrs Merle Haggard) for the sweet romantic waltz "We're Off and Loving Again."  One of the often forgotten classic is the 1971 classic Faron Young hit "There's Something About a Lady" that bears all the imprints of top class song writing:  excellent use of language, the air of romanticism and its well crafted melodic structures, it's a stroke of genius on Lodd's part to resurrect it again.  Though "I Went to Bed Loving You" is acceptable, it still boasts a section of fiddling delight.Though this is a stellar set of traditional country tunes, what bars this CD from reaching its full potential is that the songs are a tad too safe.  There's little room - whether in the song choice or Dodd's delivery--for a rich dip towards artistic creativity.  Yet, it's a minor quibble.  Dodd joins the ranks of his label mates on "Heart of Texas" records to resound the clarion call to revive traditional country music.  And let's hope many get to hear this vital call too with the enjoyment of this great record.
I don't consider myself much of a judge of music. What I do like is generally not highly rated by others. What I really did like, and the reason I went looking for this album is the subject matter - I Like Guns. This isn't an opinion shared by much of today's Lamestream media, I don't care what they want me to like. Good music, great music, not for me to decide but I like this one.
Add some classic country bass rythms and some rock n roll geetar plus Jim Dalton's deep bartone voice and you create a classic album. Songs like the title song Like a Wheel, plus Black Chrome Horse, Drop Me Off at the Honky Tonk and Gone Fishin will make you stomp your feet and clap your hands.
I have been searching for this CD for years and I was thrilled to finally find it.  It brings back a lot of great childhood memories.
I've been looking for this CD for years.  It's quality is excellent. The only disappointment is it won't play on our main house system.  It does play in the car and computer.  I'm glad I finally found it.
A great copy of the original recording that I grew up with. The poems, songs, and music in this album are very enticing and symbolic of the Alaskan wilderness back in the 1900's.
I've always loved these ballads since I was a kid. Not the greatest quality, but better than our old lps. Stuart Hamblen brings heart to Robert Service poems. I love the Cremation of Sam McGee. Just fun.
These are all classics, but two stand the test of time.&#34;Turn around, look at me&#34;&#34;You are my Special Angel&#34;Quality of sound is excellent.Not all tracks are by the original Vogues so its not collector quality.
If you grew up enjoying the Vogues and perhaps attending their concerts.....this album brings some of their best presentations back to you.  I enjoy listening to this when I need a trip down memory lane. Romantic memories abound.
Nice mixture of styles.  Quality of sound was very good.  Good mixture of a 50's sound as well as early 60's
Think Fatboy Slim or Cornershop - only with Bluegrass and Hip-hop.  Catchy beats, solid bluegrass, and (mostly) badass vocal performances make this an album that leaves you swaggering.  An enjoyable listen for anyone looking for something new.
I bought this on a recommendation from a friend. At first, I kind of liked it, but the more I listened, the more the unique blend of sounds gained my appreciation. I enjoy when one of their songs pops out of my speakers and slaps me out of the boredom of work.
A very good couple puting the C/W back where it belongs.Only problem was the band was too loud,and could not here the voices.I would like to purchase this album,but,if you can't hear words&voices;,I will pass.
Nice to hear some real country music these days, not the rock music they try to pass off as CW . Give it a listen, I think you'll be impressed.
This new record from Jason Lewis of Star City is grown up and heartworn. Satisfying American music.
Oh Yikes, yet another compilation of Sammi Smith called "Help Me Make it Through The Night" But this one is a bit different. This collection contains 9 out of 10 songs from her 1986 overlooked album Better Then Ever which was recorded for the small Step One label. According to Wiki it did not chart and quickly vanished. But any Sammi fan or fan of good country music would have enjoyed this whole album. Now is your chance to obtain most of this disc for a reasonable price. As of this writing the MP3 is 6 bucks, but the cd is currently out of stock. Given the fact that this still clocks in at less then 30 minutes you may not want to pay to much for this. But I find it essential for those who missed the album the first time or just don't want to transfer the record to CD themselves.
Yvette Landry's a natural. She played bass for just months before turning pro with the Lafayette Rhythm Devils. That led to a second band, Bonsoir, Catin; not bad for never planning a career in music. Now she has had a similar upshot as a songwriter, crafting an album's worth of quality songs and recording them within nine months.Her debut is not Cajun but vintage country. She nails the country ambience with references to honky tonks, heartaches and hangovers, not to mention bedroom tension, pickup trucks and battered, old guitars. Several tracks, such as the Cajun fiddle-peppered rockabilly title track and the madly swinging "Blue Moon Girl," are five-star dancehall specials that feature flashy, in-the-honky-tonk-idiom solos from Red Stick Ramblers' electric guitarist Chas Justus, steel guitarist Richard Comeaux and Wilders' fiddler Betsie Ellis. With its clippity-clop beat, "One More Broken Heart" has an early Ray Price feel while "Jack" is flat-out bluegrass.But Landry's not out to sell another well drink or pitcher of stale beer. As an emerging songwriter, her stuff can be deep. On "Can't See Me with You," she pauses a full beat after delivering critical lines ("I can tell by your touch you're leaving") to add a bit of mystery and intrigue. She delivers lines such as "the deeper the pain, the harder the heart" that resonate with the psyche. Debut discs from yearling songwriters aren't supposed to be this good.--Dan Willging, OffBeat Magazine, February 2011 issue. [...]
As a separate genre, the R&R; Instrumental of the late 1950s/early 1960s had pretty much run its course in about 1965 following the advent of the British Invasion, as the hits for the likes of Johnny & The Hurricanes, The Ventures, The Champs, Link Wray & His Ray Men and Duane Eddy & The Rebels had either dried up or were in the process of doing so. So, in 1969, with Psychedelic Rock and further such experimentation taking over, seeing a throwback R&R; Instrumental make the Billboard Pop Hot 100 was unusual.But that's what happened in December that year when Groovy Grubworm by session guitarist Harlow Wilcox, backed by other such musicians called The Oakies (he hailed from Norman Oklahoma), climbed to # 30 Hot 100 (it did even better on the Adult Contemporary listings, reaching # 18 and also made the Country charts at # 42) for Shelby Singleton's Plantation Records b/w Moose Trot (Plantation 28).Both original sides came from this 1969 album, "Groovy Grubworm And Other Golden Guitar Greats" (Plantation PLP 7) containing: A1. Golden Guitar Flower (1:53); A2. Mexico (2:13); A3. Wheels (2:17); A4. Guitar Boogie (2:05); A5. Honky Tonk (2:50); A6. Moose Trot (2:05); B1. Groovy Grubworm (2:08); B2. Wipe Out (2:28); B3. Walk, Don't Run (2:50); B4. The Gold Eagle (1:59); B5. Raunchy (2:25); B6. Sad Is The Lonely (2:40).Adding to the pleasant surprise was a 1969 Grammy nomination for the LP, and so Singleton awarded them with an opportunity to cut another album, "Cripple Cricket And Other Country Critters" (Plantation PLP-12) - which is not readily available it seems in vinyl format - containing: A1. Cripple Cricket (1:35); A2. Running Bear (2:32); A3. Loco Locust (2:14); A4. Milk Cow Blues (2:25); A5. The Crawdad Song (2:30); A6. May The Bird Of Paradise Fly Up Your Nose (2:36); B1. The Tennessee Stud (2:21); B2. The Last Time (2:37); B3. Gonna Find Me A Bluebird (2:12); B4. Cow Town (2:19); B5. Yellow Bird (1:59).Two more singles emanating from the albums, however, went nowhere: Golden Guitar Flower/The Gold Eagle (Plantation PL-45) in 1969, and Cripple Cricket/Last Time (Plantation PL-60) in 1970.Both these albums are available at Amazon as mp.3 downloads, but unfortunately have never been converted to CD.Wilcox died following a heart attack at his home in Oklahoma City on August 26, 2002.
It's about time that (Kim Coleman) had music for the public to enjoy and purchase. I haven't seen or heard of her, since her days with (The Jimmy Swaggart Crusade Team). If you like other singers like (Janet Paschal), (Karen Wheaton) or (Mary Ann Peluso)- then you will love (Kim Coleman). Every song on this project, shows just how very talented she is. I highly recommend it! Gospel music the way its meant to be.
The say "never judge a book by its cover" but the mix of the old style American barn combined with bold Van Gogh like brush strokes on "Tennessee & other stories" was irresistable. Likewise the name Hans Chew sounding like some sort of Star Wars character was another redeeming factor. Thankfully the music itself turns out be hugely enjoyable and an excellent example of the sort of Stones influenced alt country with a respectful nod to Dr John thrown in for good measure and a ambiance of southern gothic and country which artists as varied as Gram Parsons, Ryan Adams and Jin White have previously evoked. ?For those of you unfamiler with Hans Chew (eg - all of us!) it is Dusted Magazine that tells us that "He has been best known as a sideman. He's played exuberant barroom piano on the last couple Jack Rose albums and contributed keyboards and vocals to D. Charles Speer & The Helix. Frankly in the words of Midge Ure "this means nothing to me" all I know is that "Tennessee & Other Stories", Chews debut LP has a rough hewn grainy charm and a twist which is the man's total mastery of the barroom piano which gives the album its predominant vibe.A suggestion is to kick off with the lively and wordy "Queen of the dammed blues" which is a kind of Jacksonville City Nights type lament but set in the deep south. Follow it with the more traditional opener "Old Monteagle and Muscadine" with splendid harmonies and imagery of chamber pots and wood burning stoves. From this point Chew branches out in a huge variety of directions and you will be nicely rewarded checking out "New Cypress Grove Boogie" the sort of song that Jerry Lee Lewis once had a monopoly on with stunning boogie woogie piano accompaniment. The albums standout track is alternatively a six minute plus cover of Tim Rose's "Long time man" an uber powerful murder ballad which somehow evokes both Nick Cave and Tim Buckley. Its a brilliant performance and so to is the wonderful "I would there were a train" the sort of song and mood that Elton John was able to conjure up on his first couple of albums.This album is a nice Christmas surprise package since overall Hans Chew has produced a supremely confident and varied debut of excellent piano infused Americana with "Tennessee and other stories" and may the force be with you.
This is an incredible album.  I've found myself listening to the song "Lay My Burdens Down" over and over again.  The only drawback to this album is that it only has seven tracks.  I hope Ryan Long comes out with more music.
It's a great cd if that's the kind of music you like. I personally like it! I recommend this cd!
"It's all about the song" - that's one of this site's mottos (motto, clich&eacute;, whatever....) It's with this in mind that this self-titled 6-track EP from The Day's Weight is of interest. Singer songwriter Patrick McDermott writes an interesting song, steeped in an acoustic-based indie format, and each listen here reveals a little more depth, texture and substance. These guys are young and demonstrate plenty of promise - there may be an interesting road ahead as McDermott as the lads zero in on their sound, their path and their comfort zone. I look forward to following their evolution.GENRES: Rock, Mellow Rock.BUY IF YOU LIKE: Eddie Vedder, an acoustic-based indie/pop format.MUST HEAR TRACKS: "Runaround," "Drowned," "Lordsburg."
What a great idea to record tunes with fiddlers up and down the West Coast!  While the source recordings are dear to me, what Pharis and Jason have put together here sounds a whole lot better (to my ears) than the scratchy alternatives.  Also, it's fun to know that the tunes are played by folks I may meet over time at a jam or festival.  All-in-all, a great collection.
Ron Ireland has come a long way since recording this live concert back in 2009. Still, this set is worth a listen. The lead guitarist, David Santacruz, was performing on guitar for the first time in his life, and did a remarkable job. You can find more recent music from Ron Ireland all over the web, just search a little.
Not only is Pauline Reese attractive, but she is a good singer and lively artist. She won Texas artist of the year, the first female in Texas to win this Country Music award. Her stage presence is great and she's nice to look at. The recording industry is a tough business to succeed in. The work is grueling and you always need, that one real big hit to get you rolling. She is a hard worker and I wish her and her band to be successful. I listened to her CD several times and I will buy it, You should do the same.
If you can get over the bad Photoshop cover, this album is actually really good.  "The Walls in This House are Too Thin" would feel at home in the George Jones 1970s-80s era, and "Put My Faith in You" is catchy as can be and 97% better than anything on current country radio.  This album feels like it could have been released in 1983 and fit in well.  I only have one or two DAC albums, but I really enjoy this one.  A classic country album released in modern times.
It is good steady Blue Grass music. I would not put it on the super hits list, but it would wind up on most all standard play list.
Big Smo American Made is a great addition to my growing collection of country rap. The title track American Made is an awesome song!
If you like a little bit of country with a little bit of rap, there is some good songs on this album you will enjoy. Preview the songs on here and youtube before you buy :).
I like that he is get more music on his albums.I dislike that it did not come out on a cd.
Sharon Cort's refreshing and contemporary "Country Caf&eacute;" album, featuring duets with Ernie Sykes and Rich Collins, is subtitled "Americana with a nod to the good old days..." With plenty of nostalgia and longing, Sharon's music has distinct flavorings of country, folk, bluegrass, swing and even Latin music. Touring Europe for over 14 years and appearing on French national television, Sharon Cort has found widespread acceptance, overwhelming appreciation and high enthusiasm for her music there. She has gained considerable recognition for walking the tightrope between musical genres, respecting their heritage but always looking to the future. She once told me "I just want the opportunity to make as much great music as I can. It sustains me. It's my life blood.  Nothing else works for me if I can't make music.  I will go wherever it leads. It all builds character, which makes me a more interesting person, which in turn leads to my expression of my experiences through my music, and that's really all I have to offer." Thus, her eclectic tastes and forthright honesty shine right through to the heart of her personality and vision.Duets like "High Sierra," "Right Back Where We Parted," "Wish It Had Been a Dream," "One for You, One for Me" and "Sweethearts in Heaven" are carefully cultivated, expressive soul stirrers. In gutsy classic country style, the duets work even when the male voice occasionally seems more sturdy, confident and self-assured. Aaron Till's twin or triple fiddles are particularly soothing. "Cabin of Love" has a balanced radiance with its traditional bluegrass presentation. "Big Country" is a driving bluegrass instrumental that shakes things up, complete with a flatpicked guitar break. Just when you think you've got her music figured out, "Sway" gets you moving to and fro with its infectious Latin spunk featuring Aaron Till's multi-tracked instrumental artistry. That song's a perfect precursor to the swinging "Lovesick Fool" in which Richard Collins and Aaron Till show us how swing banjo and fiddle can put spirit in your step. The rest of the band includes Ernie Sykes (bass), Justin Clark (mandolin), and Rich Arnold (resophonic guitar).  Butch Baldassari, Bill Keith and Jeff Wisor appear on "Stranded," about a down-home girl on a one-way track to love. Sharon's been friends and has performed in bands with many of these musicians since she first moved her family to Nashville in 1995.This reviewer would've suggested a few small changes here and there in the mix (e.g. "Till I See You" or "Lovesick Fool"). But they'd be rather minor. I also wish that songwriting credits were shown on the CD jacket. I suspect that a few are from Sharon's own pen as she's an excellent songwriter, as well as guitarist and singer. Originally from Southern California, Sharon Cort happily doesn't try to sound like she's from Appalachia, but her songs come from the gut just the same. "Country Caf&eacute;" is a compelling total package that exhibits considerable diversity, musicianship and even some rebellion. (Joe Ross, Roseburg, Or.)
Though the first three tracks of this collection are sung by an unknown vocalist, the remaining sixteen are by all accounts sung by Dolly Parton. More importantly, seven of these tunes (tracks 4-10) are rare, previously unreleased tracks that appear to be from Parton's years with Monument. The remaining ten tracks are drawn from her out-of-print Monument albums Hello I'm Dolly and As Long as I Love. Though no credits are provided, the seven newly discovered tracks sound as if they were recorded during the pre-RCA years in which Parton tried out country ballads and honky tonk, often with pop, jazz, folk and blues inflections. Several of the songs were recorded by other singers (George Morgan recorded "Not From My World," Kitty Wells issued a single of "Only Me and My Hairdresser Knows" and Tammy Wynette waxed "Send Me No Roses" for a 1967 album), but this appears to be the first time that Parton's versions have been widely released. Though the audio quality is variable (better for the unreleased cuts than the previously released album tracks), this is a real treat for Dolly Parton fans, and one that may not be on the market for long. [2010 hyperbolium dot com]
The first 3 songs on this album are by Molly Bee and not Dolly. The rest of the album is Dolly and as the other comments have said, a few rare titles. Worth the price even with the wrong songs at the beginning.
California-based singer/songwriter Richard Burr is a troubadour whose folk rock sound has country and spiritual underpinnings. With the exception of the drums played by Burr, all instruments are played by Dave Chamberlin. Background vocals are provided by Teresa James. The twelve original songs on "Avenue 256" draw upon Burr's personal reflections and discoveries. With humility, Burr's sage musical advice inspires us to reflect on how to deal with such challenges in life as loneliness, hopelessness, sadness, a broken heart, a missing part, a stranger or even the Utah desert. Perhaps that's why he chose to add one cover also on his third album, five years in the making. That's Bob Dylan's "Don't Think Twice, It's Alright." I understand that he works with those in the early stages of addiction recovery, and his approach for those on Dylan's "dark side of the road" is to provide "guided mindfull meditation."  His vocal presence is affably pleasing as he sings in the first person about confronting human trials and struggles.  In "Walk with Me," Burr sings "I hear voices singing out in harmony." A key message in "I Just Breathe" is to "surround myself with angels who hold me tightly in their arms."  Burr prays that forgiveness will replace any anger and rage in "Tonight."  The song "Falling Free" is a favorite cut on the CD, as Burr reverently expresses "I search for God's great blessings, and I pray for peace through the night" and "I wish you could believe in falling free." Instrumentally, the groove on "Let Me In" pulls you right into the song as Burr professes that "I know it never helps to run."While a few of the lyrics seem awkward at times, Burr's interpretive vocalizing skills for his self-penned material can allow you to personalize the messages. In "I Stand Here Before You" he sings "I've got to hold onto somethin', and that something is you." It's a fairly common sentiment , as are the ones in "Dirty Water" ("I'm out here searching for answers to questions that never cease") and "Above and Below" ("I close my weary eyes and think of you"). Some of his more memorable reflective momentsare when he really attempts to reach the depth of his heart and soul. "When You Fell" is an evocative message that "You are my sorrow ... you're my splendor, but it's for your surrender that my prayers have begun."  Similarly, "Freedom of the Truth" is his revelation that "I've finally learned what freedom was when I learned to tell the truth."  The only story told in the third person, "Waist Deep" conveys that "he's much too proud to tell himself that he's had enough."Whether autobiographical or somewhat fictional, "I Don't Have To Know" claims that Burr's never had a master plan for his life. Despite his statement that "I just ran with the pack, like you. Now I've got nothing to show for it, except these songs and these stories of a fool," I think that Richard Burr is actually a pretty wise minstrel with a clear vision for his music. It's definitely worth a listen to provide insight on dealing with life's struggles. (Joe Ross, Roots Music Review)
If you love that old time country sound this is one you need to buy...powerful vocals, well written songs...what more do you need ? Had the pleasure of meeting Adam this summer...down to earth guy..songs about rasing hell and drinking whiskey..perfect country CD material...
I first heard Adam Lee&#8217;s Drinking, Cheating, Loving and Leaving as the closing credits rolled for Red State, one of the truly bad movies of the last few years. The soulful mix of old school country and rockabilly made enduring the awful movie worthwhile. I picked up this and Ghostly Fires. Both are full of songs of love lost and found, hard living and hard drinking. If you are a fan of Dwight Yoakum, Hank Sr or Ray Wylie Hubbard you&#8217;ll be right at home with Adam Lee.
Sometimes you wonder, "What happened to country music?"  I know I do.  Well, it's moved to a generation that has a deeper love for it than the "country" music producers these days can even dream of.  A generation that has taken it upon themselves to preserve the real deal.  Folks who have scruples and would rather die than disgrace what the founding fathers of country music had set in motion.  Country music isn't dead, but it's just moved to a better place.  A place where Adam Lee & the Dead Horse Sound Company are keeping it tasty and realistic.  Thank you Adam Lee.  This is a very real album and should be in any country music fan's collection.  Adam's voice is stunning and loaded with honesty.  The orchestration and track order is well done and doesn't disappoint.  I'm proud to have shared a stage with you and look forward to more albums.  Adam Lee & the Dead Horse Sound Company...Please don't quit doing what you're doing.
This group really surprised me in the quality of their instrumentation! Sounds like a nice summer night with a glass of wine with friends.  Move over Soggy Bottom Boys!
The Rainmakers have held a revered spot in my CD/record collection since my brother introduced me to their first release. Every so often over the last 15 years I'd check to see whether there was any movement toward a reunion. I am elated to see them releasing new material, albeit without Steve Phillips on guitar. My understanding is that this CD was done at home, and it definitely feels a bit more rough-hewn than Tornado or Good News... Bob's voice has become a bit grizzled over the years, and some songs have shades of Neil Young, Dylan and Springsteen, as well the trademark Rainmakers sonic signature. The argument can be made that some of these songs are not quite up to the standard Rainmakers level of excellence, but in the big scheme of things, I'm just happy to hear them playing together again and I hope they'll continue playing as a unit and hopefully be able to tour nationally at some point. I didn't get to see them play live during their heyday, but I would love to correct that situation. The batch of tunes definitely demonstrates that the literacy, humor and composition sensibilities are still in good form.
Having been a long time Rainmakers fan, I bought "25 ON" not long after it was released. The first few listens didn't bowl me over but the music still intrigued. With more listens it began to grow one me and I really enjoy the "variety" on the album. There are rockers, ballads and mid-tempo songs that have a maturity to them which isn't surprising if you've followed The Rainmakers career beginning in the 1980's. Their still putting out great music with fantastic lyrics from lead singer, Bob Walkenhorst. A fantastic band from KC with a rootsy sound and lyrics that make you think, wonder and smile.
And the people got what they wanted!I've been a Rainmakers fan since the mid 1980's when I was on a consulting engagement in Kansas City, MO and I heard them on an FM station and thought "Woah, what is THAT and why haven't I heard THEM before!"I've kept up with The Rainmakers off-and-on since then and was thrilled to see them get back together and issue this CD.  It doesn't quite do the same thing for me as "Tornado" (a southern rock should-be-classic if there ever was -- or is this really "midwest rock"?) so I gave it four stars instead of five.But I did buy it based on the song samples, because I can tell the musical desert we've been in for years now is about to bloom!  I just wish The Rainmakers would come to my town.
The Rainmakers got back together in the 2000's, and released "25 On", in 2011, their first album in 14 years.  This is a strong album.  3 of the original members return in Bob Walkenhorst, Rich Ruth and Pat Tomek, Jeff Porter plays lead guitar and piano here.  The opening cut almost resembles "Rockin' At The T- Dance", "Given Time", is a great tune.  Other stand outs include, "Half A Horse A Piece", "Vermillion", "My Own Bed", "Kansas City Times",  "Turpentine", "Go Down Swinging" and one of my favorites "Like Dogs".  Their music has changed over the years, more blues-rock-country on this set.  Bob still has that shout from the mountains voice, excellent **** release.
Roger Alan Wade's last album, 2010's DEGUELLO MOTEL, was a deep, thoughtful folk/country album, full of deeply emotional gems that drug fingers through the fuzz covering redneck lifestyle.  But, as we know from R.A.W.'s debut album, he has a snarky side too (he's Johnny Knoxville's cousin, after all), and TOO FAT TO FLY exhibits this latter persona.Now, I'm more of a fan of Wade's serious stuff, but there's no denying he's good with funny wordplay, usually in a completely non-P.C. manner.  "Gone Back to Whorin'...Again" revisits one of his debut's funnier tunes, while "Too Fat To Fly" makes fun of the whole Kevin Smith situation (Google it).  "Haulin' A**" is a nice double entendre, while "Pyscho B**** From Hell" describes quite a few people you've known in your life (admit it).  Wade plays it straight-faced on such tunes as "Leave Me Alone (Or I'll Find Me a Woman Who Will)" and "Stoned Playin' Pinball," and actually gets somewhat touching on "You Turn the Key (On My Rack of Spam."  He ends with the highlight "The Sun Don't Shine On the Same Dog's A** Everyday," with each verse sung with more-or-less accurate impersonations of musical figures (my favorite being the Springsteen: "The sun don't shine on the same dog's a** everyday, mister."Overall, this is an album for Wade's devoted fans.  If you're approaching his music for the first time, check out DEGUELLO MOTEL and STONED TRAVELER to get an idea of his songwriting depth; then give this album a listen to see how amusing he can be at times.  TOO FAT TO FLY isn't Wade at his best, but it's Wade having fun, which is still pretty damn good.
This comedy music is not for everyone but I like it. If you are a long time Dr. Demento fan as I am you will like this. The tight three part harmony is part of what I enjoy.
A beautiful set of voices harmonizing beautifully. I heard &#34;Old Highway&#34; on &#34;Car Talk&#34; and was hooked.I know you will enjoy this album.
This download was just what I had hoped it to be. A fresh look at the miusic of Mr. John Denver. I now follow Roy on Facebook and am looking forward to more of the same from Roy Rivers.
It doesn't take long to realise that Pokey LaFarge was born to play this kind of music. Emanating through his instrument, vocals and persona is a powerful trip back in time to the 1930's &#34;dust bowl&#34; era of American roots music.What started out as solo act (2001) evolved into a quartet in 2009 when he joined with &#34;The South City Three&#34; of Joey Glynn (bass), Adam Hoskins (guitar) and Ryan Koenig (harmonica, washboard) to form the band &#34;Pokey LaFarge&#34;. The band has grown once more with the recent additions of TJ Muller (cornet, trombone) and Chloe Feoranzo (clarinet, saxophone). This is one of those groups that lives its music making them a lot of fun to watch. Their attention to period details as well as the strong apparent camaraderie serves to heighten the experience.They have released two other great albums...&#34;Riverboat Soul&#34; (2010) and &#34;pokey LaFarge&#34; (2013). I do not generally listen to this type of music, but I do have a huge vinyl /CD collection, and every genre has something sterling in it, it was nice to find this and the six young people who are keeping this music alive.
Middle of Everywhere was recorded over the period of a few months and has stepped up to higher production levels, horns, etc. The song writing is up to Pokey's best. The playing is as good or better than Riverboat Soul, their first album. But I prefer RS for the rawness and immediacy they got by making the record in a few days. Most cuts sound like first or second takes made in a radio station. Doesn't hurt to have Ketch Secor helping out on a few songs. This music is raw, old, unpolished. Don't dress it up too fancy, Boys.Pokey and the 3 are a good time band. Middle of Everywhere is a good record. If you don't have Riverboat Soul yet, be sure to buy that record first.
Pokey LaFarge and the South City Three are trapped by their own magic. Just a few samples from their live concert performances (check YouTube) demonstrate that this is a dynamic artist - one apparently difficult to capture in a studio setting. Until Pokey and the South City boys make that long awaited live CD, their studio performances serve more as reminders rather than documents of what these guys can do.If I had purchased this CD prior to seeing them live, I may not have been motivated to see tham at all.And, if I saw them live first, I would be a little disappointed that this CD does not do them justice.The wait for the live CD continues.
I bought this album and the "Pokey LaFarge" album at the same time (see my review of "Pokey LaFarge too). I really like this album because it sounds like music from the 1930s and 1940s, but the amazing thing is that LaFarge wrote all of these songs.  How do you describe this music? Jug band? Acoustic up-tempo blues? Swing? Country porch stomp/swing/blues? All of these apply. The majority of the songs are up-tempo, featuring solely acoustic guitars, upright bass and harmonica.  Banjo joins in on some of the tunes with horns and lap steel making cameo appearances too. (The "Pokey LaFarge" album moves more towards swing and enhances the music with more horns and lap steel, which, I think, makes it a better album). While some songs could be described as pure acoustic blues, most of them lean towards swing because they are played at a fast tempo..most notably So Long Honeybee, Goodbye and Drinkin' Whiskey Tonight.  Some of the songs remind me of a quartet version of the Squirrel Nut Zippers, so if you like the Zippers, I think you will like this album.  LaFarge's vocals sound right out of the Prohibition Era and he knows how to play his vocals to the music. He plays the part too, usually dressed in a suit and tie, fedora and spats. So gather some of your friends on your porch and give a listen, 'cause we "Drinkin' Whiskey Tonight!" At a time when most popular music sounds very processed, this is a nod to old time fun.
Same great hits but i remwmbwr tbe songs slightly differently. Lead singer seems different and songs slower.  Still worth the buy.
What I find slightly ironic about this tribute album is that the person paying tribute, Laura Cantrell,  is a better artist Kitty Wells could ever dream of being. Kitty Wells did have a girlish vulnerability in the vocal delivery, conveyed by and slight weakness in the lower register, that Laura Cantrell shares. However, Cantrell is a much more subtle, accomplished and quite frankly, more intelligent stylist than Kitty. In a sense, LC is limited by the fairly prosaic themes of most of the songs that KW was famous for. The cut that shines for me is "Poison in Your Heart," which LC knocks out of the park with her high register flights of fancy. Final thought: while there are some complaints about the short playing time of this album, I could have done without the last cut "Searching For A Soldier's Grave," which is depressing, maudlin, and not terribly authentic coming from LC.  Despite all this, because LC's output is not large, anything she releases is a welcome addition. That certainly includes Kitty Wells Dresses.
Laura Cantrell, in deciding to cover the works of Kitty Wells, perhaps America's very first and finest alternative country singer, is following a path laid down more years ago than I care to think about, with Kitty Wells now something in the neighborhood of ninety-one years old.  `Tradition' is a word that's tossed around much too loosely in Nashville, with very few artists actually owning any personal connections to those early days ... though for Laura, she places her traditions center stage, with much love, style, and grace.  These are the songs that sparkled country radio air waves before country music became a parody of itself, and the butt of more jokes than the genre deserves ... but with the likes of so many who just want to tap into a market, that's certainly understandable, though a downright shame.Country music should sound nostalgic and restrained, balanced by lyrics from the heart, deeply felt, and delivered best when counterbalanced by instrumental and solo breaks that keep those lyrics bouncing around in your head.  The beat's not complicated, it's like rockin' back on your front porch, tapping your foot to easy going 4/4 time, with slight TexMex undertones, accompanied by instrumentation that steps in and out to shape an idea rather than for the sake of soaring on their own.Of course, simply rendering classical arrangements isn't going to hold anyone's attention for long.  Laura Cantrell's managed to bring these songs up to date, giving them a contemporary country pop feel, full of resonance, emotion, and dignity.  If you're a fan of Tift Merrit, or even Neko Case, and you don `t know the work of Kitty Wells, well this is your chance to hear what they've been listening to, with the added pleasure of hearing it from a woman who's hands down in my book, the best thing country music has going for it ... Laura Cantrell.Review by Jenell Kesler
Great classic Texas country by Red. If you are tired of the crap you hear on the pop country Nashville sell out radio stations try this one. Red's daughter Lana nails "November". Great song... amazing voice. Order this one.... get a cold beer and get ready for some honest music.
A definite change of pace from The Chariot and Norma Jean, this is a nice collection of southern acoustic folk - if that's a genre.A nice listen from start to finish.  I wouldn't say there are any duds or show-stoppers, just a nice album from start to finish.4 stars only because the mix buries the vocals a bit.  Sometimes, it's a strain to pick out the lyrics.  But overall, I love it.  I'd throw it into the same basket as Springsteen's Nebraska, Dustin Kensrue's Please Come Home, and Jon Foreman's Fall, Winter, Spring, Summer discs.
I like the Greencards enough to buy everything they do. They are fantastically talented and creative.I like this album but would not recommend it as a first album by this group.either Weather and Water or Movin On would be a better starting point.Good album but i would like to hear more of that fire-in the belly bluegrass leaning sound that they exhibited earlier on.
If you imagine an intersection where the traditions of country and bluegrass meet the inventions of newgrass and the changes that swept through British contemporary folk, you'll have a sense of the music spun by the Greencards. Their songs feature the tight harmonies of country and bluegrass, the sophistication of jazz, and the pluck of folk. As on 2009'sFascination, the band traverses numerous styles from song to song, but unlike the contrasting colors of their previous outing, here they explore varying shades of their progressive string-band sound. The opening "Make it Out West," though sung about modern contemporary emigration to the coast, still manages to conjure pickaxes and transcontinental rails with its rhythm. Similar  changes are also heard in the jig "Adelaide," while the album's second instrumental, "Tale of Kangario," hints at South American styles.Vocalist Carol Young moves fluidly from country to jazz to pop, occasionally transitioning within a single song. The bass and plucked mandolin of "Mrs. Madness" provides a `30s supper club setting for the verses, slides into contemporary harmonies on the chorus and adds modernly picked fills. The longing of "Faded" and harmony blend of "Naked on the River" lean more toward pop harmony groups like the Rescues than to traditional bluegrass or country, but the mandolin (courtesy of guest Sam Bush), fiddle (from recent addition Tyler Andal) and guitar (from the band's other recent addition, Carl Miner) keep the song anchored to the group's roots. Vince Gill adds a duet vocal on "Heart Fixer," and several dozen fans star as financial supporters, with their names emblazoned on the covers.You can imagine several of these songs turning up on an episode ofGrey's Anatomyor another lovingly curated television show's soundtrack. The Greencards have combined their diverse musical interests in a showcase that highlights the ingredients without sounding forced. They sound modern, but still rooted, a group whose acoustic framework is still recognizable to bluegrass, country and string band fans, but one that could also appeal to contemporary pop listeners. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
Great sound ! Good mix of Blue Grass & Country rock would recommend this album to anybody who likes excellent musicians !
First, let me just say, I am not a country music fan. But I do enjoy rockabilly and always appreciate good music from any genre, even country. This CD has several songs that are so catchy in their hooks that I cannot get them out of my head. That, I think, is what makes a hit song. They have certainly hooked me! "Too Much Thinking", "What's it Gonna Take?", "Honky Tonk Devil" and "This Ain't No Sad Song" are among my favorites, and after only a couple of listens I had them locked in my head enough to be able to sing them back to myself. That is rare. You know they have to be good to hook someone that fast!The band itself has some mighty good musicians. Andy Vaughn leads with strong vocals, Jerry Renshaw has some very creative lead guitar solos and Tim Stanton's steel guitar is solid and strong. Rounding out a very stable and reliable rhythm section is Erik Kutzler on bass and Chip Farnsworth on drums. All these guys have obviously been playing a long time and have honed their craft well. Even though the production sometimes is a little unbalanced and almost demo-like, overall I am very impressed by this CD and hope Andy Vaughn (writer of all material, along with Jerry Renshaw on one song) and his fellow bandmates all the good luck in the world. I think you guys can go somewhere!
Good collection of country/rock from the most generous record label's roster... pretty strong even if it doesn't include anything by Alejandro Escovedo!
A lot of great country and a few other things.  Just a couple of songs didn't quite click with me.
I grabbed this Bloodshot sampler while it was still being offered for free and am glad I did. I'm no country music expert, but I enjoy the variety offered on the 'Spring Cleaning Sampler'. It has an excellent variety of country music styles from classic to modern, rockabilly to folk, honky tonk to bluegrass. There even a tune sung by a woman who plays the saw (Trailer Bride). I don't play it too often, but when I'm in the mood for well sung and well played country, then this is a collection I turn to.3.5 stars overall~ Kort
I am always looking for good music, no matter what type it is.  This had some interesting tracks on it that made it a good listen.  It was cool hearing some older stuff on here as well....
It's been more than a decade since Billy Burnette's last studio album (2000's excellent ARE YOU WITH ME BABY), so the thought of a new release had me ALL jazzed! And ROCK N ROLL WITH IT doesn't disappoint...great energy, stellar musicianship, killer vocals...it's all good!But the disc also doesn't blow me away. By concentrating on making solely a "rockabilly" record, Burnette has painted himself into a corner, albeit a brightly-hued one. Where are (more of) the ballads that so perfectly show off the range, warmth and depth of Burnette's voice? Or the adventureousness of something like "In The Back Of My Mind" from his (too short) days with Fleetwood Mac? Don't get me wrong, I love the RNRWI side of Billy Burnette, but, after a ten year+ absence, I want ALL his sides on display!Opening things up with the disc's title track, Burnette absolutely cuts loose and totally enjoys himself to the max. Everything just comes together here ~ the arrangement is spirited, the instrumentation crisp (especially the guitars!), the vocals lively and smooth. A VERY nice way to kick things off!Next up is the studio version of "My Love Will Not Change", a song that first appeared on 2006's live MEMPHIS TO MANHATTAN. I don't know if it's because this seems sort of....busy...and over-produced, but I actually prefer the earlier stripped-down version. O.K.....but not great.Far better is "Beautiful Distraction." With it's searing, soaring power chords, pulsating percussion and slick, sexy lead vocal, this track is the aural equivalent to a little slap and tickle. But, once again, the best thing about the cut is the obvious FUN that Burnette is having. VERY cool!Things slow down just a tad with "Wrong One Right", but there's still a bit of an edge here. Yet again, the various guitars just shine, while Burnette's vocal is supple and sly. Toss in some stunning harmonica riffs and you have one of the disc's top tracks!"Only The River Knows" is one of my two favorite cuts on RNRWI. Graced with a timeless vibe, this could easily be, say, a cover of a Roy Orbison classic. The instrumentation and arrangement are delicate, yet heartfelt, while Burnette's vocal just captivates. More tracks like this one would have balanced the disc to much greater effect. Gorgeous."Hot Rod Hillbilly" could have easily slipped into kitchy camp, but the song just comes alive in Burnette's hands. Once again, everything works here...the guitars sizzle, the drums thunder, the bass rumbles. Add a lead vocal that's spot-on, and you have an instant rockabilly classic. Very nice!"High Rollin'" doesn't fare as well...it wants to capitalize on all of the same elements that make "Hot Rod Hillbilly " so strong, but something about the cut just seems....forced and calculated. Burnette's vocal is relaxed and easy-going on the verses, but the choruses just kind of get away from him. We'll call this one a draw."Keep On Keeping On" is my other favorite song from the album. What can I say? There's just something TOTALLY infectious about this rockin' rave-up! The groove is undeniable, the lyrics are clever and Burnette's vocal is gutsy, limber and magnetic. Billy Burnette LOVES rock & roll, and no where is that clearer than on "Keep On Keeping On." Love, love, LOVE this song!!!"Ready All Ready" also has a timeless feel to it....you can just picture the poodle skirts, ponytails, leather jackets and black engineer boots bopping away to it! Burnette's sinewy lead vocal just skates over the percolating instrumentation. Another great one! (Special mention has to be made of Jimmy Nichols' twinkling piano fills....brilliant, in the best Jerry Lee Lewis sense!).And then we have "Karaoke Queen", the disc's absolute nadir. Why Burnette would even include a song of such sub-par quality and overall innaneness is totally beyond me. Everything is just plain bad here....the lyrics, the arrangement, everything. But the ABSOLUTE worst thing are Bekka Bramlett's "harmony" vocals....they sail right past bad to annoying and irritating. An absolute train wreck.Things rebound slightly with "Rollercoaster Ride." It's certaiunly better than the previous cut, but it's no "Keep On Keeping On." We've heard this cut before, both on earlier Burnette albums and elsewhere on this disc, and to better effect. This is a prime example of where, say, maybe another ballad would have helped strengthen the album.Things wrap up with "Armed And Dangerous." When Burnette's at his best, the music just seems to flow out of him. On tracks like this one, it seems as if it's being pulled out of him. The song just doesn't fit him, like he's wearing a musical mask. O.K., but, once more, I would have loved to have seen a little more variety.And I would have to say that that's my main hope for Billy Burnette in the future...it's SO good to have him back after a much-too-long absence, and ROCK N ROLL WITH IT is a very good album, but I can't help but wish that future releases see Burnette using all the colors of his pallet, vs. just pink and black. (As with all my reviews, I'm docking the disc half a star for not including the lyrics).
If you like rockabilly, Billy Burnette delivers as usual. This is my third album from Burnette and is moving fast towards my favorite.
A fine addition to your Billy Burnette collection. This cd is a solid rockabilly effort with great songs and solid singing from Billy. The sound of this cd coming out of my speakers was just sublime and I could not help tapping my feet as I listened to the songs.John Walsh
Seen these guys open up for Blackberry Smoke a few weeks ago.  Love the music. Great bunch of guys. Buy the music , you will not be disappointed.
Jason Aldean is a wonderful artist and my son loves the song "Big Green Tractor."  So as I read, he has me play this song over and over to enjoy while he lets me enjoy some time to read.  Great tune if your in to country.
Very good album however, we think it is not quite as good as his previous albums, but look forward to his next cd coming out.
A very pleasant album. All the songs are good. All the harmonies blend well. Most importantly, each band member sticks to doing what they do best. They seem to have decided where their individual talent lies, and connect (rather than overpower) with the others and produce a listening sound that makes you know that everyone just wants to entertain you.
Reminds me of my military days, even if all of them are &#34;G&#34; rated. Great to listen to walking or excercising - quite motivational.
Was in my brother's car when CD was playing, and ask who it was...He express that it was a local group from the Cleveland Cty., NC area...Indeed a blessing to hear new sounds of "Male Quartet Gospel" from this CD that was playing..."The Ponder's" definitely has there own sound...Keep the blessings coming...
In my review of &#34;Natural Born Killer&#34; I mentioned I am not heavy into country, but Jason does a good job and his voice lends well to country music. The video for &#34;Uncountry&#34; is a must-see.
Funny song, though I would not say that it is the greatest musical talent at work.  Download for a good laugh though.
The Wayfarer [Explicit]His diverse musical career has seen Warren go from operating at the interface of rhythm and noise as punk- primitive electronicist Echoboy, to playing guitar with Mark Lanegan. It's the latter whose shadow looms longest over The Wayfarer, Warren clearly finding his true self in the blues, "twistin' guilty and burning in chains", as he puts it in "Wasteland". He`s an accomplished guitarist with an ear for the dramatic, his electrified country-blues lines and slide guitar accompanied here by skeletal percussion that sounds like manacles rattling vainly. His vocals veer from 1950's crooner to 1960's rocker- like Richard Hawley's accursed brother - while the patina of reverb, analogue hiss and the occasional chirping crickets gives the album an authentically fatalistic air.The Independent ****
"Angels in Our Eyes" is Ray and Catherine Silvia, an Oregon-based duo that features vocals, acoustic guitar, harmonica and keyboard synthesizer. With ten albums released since 2007, they are joined by guest artist and recording engineer Tony Esperance, who adds his lead guitar, bass, keyboard and even a few backup vocals (on two tracks). "On a Journey" is inspirational music about life's travels, through the twists and turns that we all encounter. Ray and Catherine note that the contemporary Christian music is "especially good for people in recovery - which is most of us." Born and raised in Gustine, Ca., Ray Silvia mastered guitar, then began playing harmonica and composing and performing Christian music during his college days. He recently completed the Master of Pastoral Ministry program at the University of Portland. Also originally from California, Catherine Silvia took voice lessons and joined the "Up with People" singing group. Their faith and musical interests brought "Angels in Our Eyes" together, and they have been friends in ministry since 2006.Catherine says that each of their songs has a unique message and personality, which she loves to discover and to express. The album opens with "Because You Love Me" based on Psalm 139, and Catherine is praiseful of opening up her heart to change so that she'll be led in the way everlasting. "Love I Have for You" was sung when the couple married in March, 2011. With lead vocals by Ray, "Put Your Hand in My Side" was inspired by a passage from the Bible (John 20:24-31) in which Jesus appears to Thomas. Jesus says "Put your hand in my side, Tom," and Tom replies "My Lord and my God!" At track seven, "Living in the Mystery," Catherine acknowledges "His spirit now lives within us" and proclaims her spiritual fullness in Christ.Recognizing that the Lord will guide her always and satisfy her needs, "Wellspring Revisited" was inspired by passages in Matthew 13 and Isaiah 58. While "Follow After You" establishes a pleasing melodic and rhythmic groove, Ray's lead and double-tracked backup vocals don't have the same impact as Catherine's. The straightforward message is heartfelt, however, as they sing "Pick up my cross, I won't be lost, if I follow after you." With love and mercy in her heart, Catherine sings "You, O Lord" about her soul wanting the Lord much like the deer longs for the crystal stream, or the flower opens up to taste the rain. Finding her voice, she's then "Moving On," and the one-minute reprise "Now That I Wrote" closes the album proclaiming that her body and soul belong to the Lord. (Joe Ross, Roots Music Review)
Great follow up to Central Standard Time EP.  Got given that EP by a friend and never looked back!  Just hope they someday come to Australia(WA) so I can see them performing live!
Never Look Back by John Barnett is everything you would expect from Vineyard Music: original and classic covers of inspired, God-directed songs, solid musicianship and excellent production. But something unusual happened on the way to the recording studio. Barnett and company ended up in the middle of the desert, where tumbleweeds blow through ghost towns, the sky is big as Montana and signs of life are scarce.It may even seem like God is absent but what is missing is the modern pop/rock sound that has characterized so many Vineyard recordings. Instead you get music that has an earthy, rustic quality. It reminds me of why so many people liked The Band. This sounds like a small group playing instruments without a lot of production or synthesized sounds. It would be easy to imagine that this was produced by Buddy Miller instead of Bobby Hartry.It is the mid-tempo, sometimes subdued nature of the recording that immediately caught my attention. It leans toward the acoustic with a raw and rugged feel. Drums rumble like distant thunder. Quirky percussion and instrumentation lend charm. There is plenty of strumming but an electric guitar breaks like lightning on "Better Than Life." Electrified rhythm and solos add weight.Some songs have a slight country-feel. That is particularly evident on the opening title track, where world-weary lyrics and lap steel give the song a haunting quality. The photos in the CD booklet aptly convey the stark mood. Who would have thought that in our over-stimulated age that this could serve as the backdrop for adoration?"Our God Reigns" is indicative of the variety that exists. With its use of dulcimer, sleigh-bell like percussion, and Brian Wilson/Beach Boy harmony vocals, this is one of the tracks that veer towards a more indie/alternative sound.In contrast, grunge-like riffs punctuate "Desperate Heart," calling to mind Neil Young and Crazy Horse. But this is as heavy as it gets. These songs are more about finesse than power chords.A wide array of outside-the-norm instruments, including Glockenspiel, Omnichord, SK1, Mellotron, Hammered Dulcimer, Melodica, etc. add uniqueness to predominantly new songs written mostly by Barnett. "Stand in Awe" comes from Jeremy Riddle. Barnett takes a classic, his own "Holy and Anointed One," and brilliantly recreates it with just banjo and vocals. It is a beautiful and peaceful way to close a recording that provides evidence that less can be more. This is a welcome change, and I hope others similarly engaged will consider how they can offer up something fresh. It need not be complicated to be like water in the desert. These are simple expressions in a desolate context reminding us that God inhabits stark places as well places of plenty.
I have not had the album long enough to rate it accurately? I think it will meet my expectations. Greater vision is a great group.
Done with respect and appreciatedThe artwork was less than I expected but i did not buy this for the pictorials
When I first heard Folk Uke a few years ago, I instantly fell in love with their sound, their lyrics, and their off-the-wall themes. I have been waiting since then to hear some new material by them, and I was thrilled to hear Reincarnation had finally been released!My favorite cut on this album has got to be the sarcastic "I Miss My Boyfriend" - Amy & Cathy harmonize beautifully, and the juxtaposition between their soothing, upbeat voices and the sad, sad lyrics amazes me. It's kind of like an assault riffle spewing roses! Shooter Jennings backing vocals are spot on too. Blessed and Cursed, Quattro Momento, and Long Black Limousine are also amazing songs - again, the wispy voices stand in stark contrast to the serious & often dark lyrics.While Reincarnation is very good, it doesn't quite live up to their self-titled release a few years back. I'll be listening to this album frequently, but it's hard to surpass the magic of the original.
Michael Parks was a sort-of James Dean substitute in a one-season wonder on NBC in 1969. He leaves his news reporter job in San Francisco (how appropriate!) after a colleague kills himself. Riding his Harley, he rides in and out of other peoples' lives and seems to be a catalyst for resolving their issues, instead of his own. The closing theme to the show became the title song for this album, and both Parks and the music are better than they have a right to be. Parks has a quiet and rough quality to his voice-rather like his character-and it serves this collection of less-known and well-known standards, as well as the originals, well. He even tackles 'Melancholy Baby' and pulls it off. It doesn't hurt to have James Burton backing him up, along with other fine musicians. The arrangements and overall sound are dated, but entirely appropriate for the time in which this was recorded. If you recall that series-or if you just want something gently nostalgic, this album, along with the others Mr. Parks released, will satisfy.
All were folk and hiway freedom songs of the time. Fit the free spirit and lifestyle of 60's and early 70's.
This is Michael's best effort; an eclectic blend of songs that are tuneful, have interestinglyrics and are easy to listen to.  His later offerings tended toward pure country and are unremarkable for the most part.
I didn't expect this to be a remastered version, but there are noise glitches (Big T. Water, etc.) that show a poor job of transcription.But I've missed this for decades, so I'll live with it.A postscript: I played the MP3 selections twice on RealPlayer and got the noise, so that was the basis of my original comment. But when I burned a CD the noise wasn't there any more so this might be a glitch unrelated to the MP3 files themselves. So I'm upgrading my rating to four stars. It'd be five if this was a remaster, but at least it's authentic but for missing the original version of "Wayfarin' Stranger" that was in the pilot episode of "Then Came B.", available in a second MP3 selection from Amazon -- so, small potatoes.
Excellent, hard-driving, gritty Country Music. Leroy Virgil is one hell of a songwriter! So glad I found this awesome band on savingcountrymusic.com!!
This is the download version of a limited edition vinyl 45 that Concrete Blonde put out in Oct of 2011 and sold at their string of Texas concert dates done at that time.  The original artwork was done by singer/songwriter/bassist Johnette Napolitano so this truly is a do-it-yourself release for the band and the first new music they've put out since their "Mojave" cd in 2004.The "A" side is Rosalie, a soft, haunting ballad with excellent vocals by Johnette backed my strummed guitar and light percussion only.  I tend to prefer the full band sound of Concrete Blonde, but a after a few listens this one really grew on me.The flip side is "I Know The Ghost" and, well, I am a big fan, but this one just baffles me. There's not much to the song itself, production-wise it sounds like it was recorded with a 4-track at a rehearsal and Johnette more speaks the vocals than sings them.  That can be an effective method of vocal delivery but here just doesn't work for me.  Compared to the "Mojave" album, this sounds like a Concrete Blonde without the time or interest to really bother with their best effort, which is truly sad because when they are at their best, they are simply fantastic.  I will buy their next cd (if they ever make one), but this one misses the mark.Even so, my suggestion is to download Rosalie for $1.98 right now and start listening.  That song alone is worth it, and who knows, maybe you'll like the other song more than me...
Who would have thought such an unknown in the States could be such a hit in Europe!  An amazing writer, vocalist......wonderful, wonderful man!
Sometimes music comes from the most unexpected places, the quiet geek in the corner, the cash register girl at Mc Donald's, or even our nation's most valuable individual's doctors and lawyers and such. Eugene Benjamin, Gene, or simply Geno as his friends call him is seemingly your average middle aged "Joe", but the Canadian born now Maryland local has always had a passion for sonic perfection and putting his own words into play. His down to earth aspect makes Martha Ave a very emotionally relatable album. No fancy rock star attitude or dissolutions, just the plain old quintessential good stuff.  At just six songs the album is a mix of your favorite warm emotions in life and a little bit of the bitter reality.  Uncommonly for a first album, Martha Ave is well produced and allows you to really concentrate on Eugene's appreciation of americana, bluegrass, and folk rock styles.  Right out the gate you pick up on his appreciation of North Carolina style bluegrass guitar pickin in the foot stompin first track, Well Ran Dry.  Sweeter folk rock tunes reminiscent of Cat Stevens and early 70's hay days follow.  Farewell To The Sky and a favorite sing-a-long Happy Mary Days include some well chosen backing instrumentals and harmonies giving each tune a full rock song feel.  Road To Nowhere is a return to the bitter sweet with some simple and soulful guitar picking to accompany this I'm moving on  - contemplative day dreamer.  Returning to that full bodied folk rock sweet spot, Forever is a classic love song acoustic ballad and Ride leaves us on an up beat note with an americana flavored twist.  My only disappointment in this album is that it's not longer.  A few more songs in the vein of Well Ran Dry would have complemented the album nicely and provided that dynamic that makes all great albums.  All in all though, it doesn't get much more grass roots, honest, and local than Martha Ave.Cassandra Mullinix, Bucket Of Rock Blog
Given as  a gift, my friend was elated and she jumped up and threw her arms around me! My favorite!
FFK's ROME WASN'T BURNED IN A DAY compares favorably to bands like the Sadies, Blue Rodeo, Son Volt, early Wilco, etc.  Tuneful and rocking with traces of country elements (banjo, pedal steel) without really falling into the now-stereotyped "alt.country" category, though that's where Far From Kansas will ultimately be categorized.If you like the above-mentioned bands, take a chance with this one.  Play it twice in a row and you'll be humming at least one of the tunes long after the album's over.I haven't heard their first album yet, though I understand it's more country oriented.  Based on this one, I'll have to check it out.
This album is raw and sounds like an old bluegrass album cut in like 1955.  I guess bluegrass/rockabilly would be the best way to catogorize this album.  The songs are short, catchy, and get right to the point.  I thought this was a good album from first track to last.
My boyfriend is absolutely crazed with this band right now.  I happened upon their name because they were doing a show at Mercury Lounge in Tulsa, OK and he fell in love with the name.  After youtubing them, he couldn't wait to get a CD...this was a quick, simple way for us to get what he wanted...I have to say, I love their lyrics, hilarious and entertaining!
Good bar rockin country music. Not like the Nashville pop you usually hear. Lead singer has a strong voice and the songs are original.  Download I'm a Dog and Hey There Nevada first to find out what they're like.
The foundation of California singer/songwriter Carolann Ames' music is fate, feeling and family. The opening cut, "Bed of Roses," paints a picture of a life full of happiness, love and peace. If Carolann starts the set on an optimistic note, her pop-smart Americana music with country flavorings also paints the canvas with different shades of rose. Without much tempo change from the opener, Ames' title cut is a serenade that evokes the whispers, cries and moans in the "dynamited mountains" of North Carolina's strip mine country.  Another shade of rose colors "Back to Santa Rosa," a song that begins under the trees, among rose petals, by a field of lavender. Ames ultimately concludes that preoccupation with happenstance is not always a good thing while pursuing love. Feelings of first love, hope, desire, resilience and perseverance are conveyed in "Sugar Creek" and "Steel Rose," a couple songs that best display Ames' skill as a storyteller with her music. She takes a different approach to paint the town red with "Everybody's Somebody in a Honky Tonk."The penultimate number, "Blessed is the Love that Abides," recognizes her lover as "the color of the day." Then, the album closes with the only cover "Love is a Rose," made famous by Linda Rondstadt and always a nice pick-me-up with a hoedown flavor. With a well-arranged musical combination of instrumentation and imagery, Carolann Ames passionately sings with (and about) awareness, security and delight. It's moving music that is good for the heart. (Joe Ross, CD Insight)
Lots of great songs that we haven't listened to in thirty years.But the sound quality is mediocre, I deleted three of the live tracks; too much giggling and other distractions.
If you enjoy the music of Elliot BROOD, The Hackensaw Boys, or Holly Golightly&the Brokeoffs you should listen to the Maine based Coloradas.  Sparse acoustic instrumentation combines with descriptive lyrics to deliver a timeless classic.
Joni is becoming my new favorite western singer. She's got a great band behind her and sings true lyrics to some great swing music. The title song is clearly based on her family and rooted in love of the land.
Prime Cuts:  If You Have a Heart, Harms' Way, Cupid's ArrowIn Harms' way there is no such thing as a divorce.  Evidenced by the songs that make it to country radio these days, country music has long been divorce of its western partner.  But Harms is one of the few that has been counseling for their reunion ever since her 2004 "Let's Put the Western Back in the Country."  And it's more than just a titular it's a mission statement Harms has embraced with each and every album thereafter.  "Harms Way" finds Harms continue to charter on with an album filled with melodious country and western songs without the trendy rock anthemic sound.  Rather counseled by some emotive mandolin, some expressive fiddles and some sympathetically banjo plucks, this is collection of western delights with songs addressing good old fashioned values, such as, family, God and prayer, romance and rural living.  Helmed by producer Mitchell Brown, fans who love Harms' western niche will find much to enjoy here.One of the selling points of this disc is that Harms is never domesticated by one style of western music.  On the title cut, "Harms' Way," she offers a slow pensive and wisdom filled appreciation for her family's tight moral knit.  When it comes to romance, Harms has a way of littering our eardrums with starry delights with the ultra cute "Cupid's Arrow."  With a bluesy undertone, Harms aims with for her paramour's heart on this brisk western gem with precision.  "Love Won't Get Nowhere,' on the other hand, is an old fashioned waltz where Harms tells of a budding romance in a slow dance with her new beau. While `Jealousy" finds Harms fetching some sails for the Caribbean breeze on this island-influenced tune.Calling to mind Patsy Montana's "I Wanna Be A Cowboy's Sweetheart," "Western Star" easily rivals the classic with its jovial melody and spartan fiddling.  Fans of heartwarming tales of pets would need a Kleenex while listening to "Buddy and Me." Narrating with heartfelt sincerity, Harms chronicles how she found "Buddy" a lost puppy to the all the joyous times the furry animals bring to her. Harms' daughter Olivia takes the lead on the western yodel "Coyote Yodel."  Though Olivia sings with confidence and her nuances are perspicuous, she has yet to develop her mother's emotional vocal timbre.  While "If I Had a Heart" has an early 90s country-feel that trumps on its easy going breezy feel.If there's any criticism, it is that "Harms' Way" is a little light on its ballads.  Over the past Harms has graced us with some soaring ballads such as "I Used to be You," "Millie," `When I Get Over You,' besides the title cut, there's nothing of such calibre here.  Nevertheless, this CD is a rare treat today for those who cannot bear to see western divorced from country music.  Thank God for Harms to keep this marriage alive and thriving.
Amazing voice. Easy to listen to..........I'll be interested to see what he does next. I think it will be worth following
If you're looking for the newest stuff by the guys who wrote Let The Time Roll By, expect a different sound. Much more indy, much more catchy, much more publicly palatable. I have to say that I was disappointed, expecting something more like their first album, but after giving the album a few goes got plenty addicted to it nonetheless. An extremely catchy album overall with a great indy-rock sound -- I definitely recommend it.If you like indy more than acoustic then you'll love this. Otherwise I would say go for Ghosts In This Town first.
I got hooked on this album thanks to the Cinder Blocks track, which I can never quite get out of my mind for the months I've been listening.  In all, they are a little bit alt, a little bit country.  They are some great live performances on youtube and archive.org with them squeezed into tiny studios-- these guys are legit musicians, not just autotune magicians.  The songs are all simple and catchy, yet quirky enough to stay with you.  I'd certainly recommend a listen to see if they are up your alley.
I think this is an important record in Bluegrass. And this compilation of banjoist Bill Emerson and Cliff Waldron demonstrates it again each time I listen to it. I would like to get all of the original albums that they did on the Rebel label. But for now, this compilation gathers up some of my favorites. The first recorded version of Fox on the Run, just for starters. But every track is really good.
If you want to go back when musicians played music and entertainers entertained then listen to Joe Brown. In this day of mechanized music and pretend entertainers who are ejaculated to stardom because they won a talent show, Joe Brown is the real thing and he earned his chops the hard way, from the people up. If you want to hear some real Dallas street music tune in and give him a listen.
Hombre Jones - Back In Exile (Paradiddle Records)Hombre Jones is a group of New York and east coast roots musicians, led by singer-songwriter and bass player, Michael Meehan. His name maybe familiar to music fans as the co-founder of the Last Hombres, who signed to Koch Records and were produced by Levon Helm. He later joined up with the band Fourteen Feet (aka the Welldiggers), who had a major hit (in alt. country circles) with the Eric `Roscoe' Ambel produced "Stole Away" album. In other words, he's paid his dues."Back In Exile" is the first fruit of the group's collective labours. Released on February 14th, they describe the record as an "anti valentine, a collection of alt. country songs of broken love, isolation and finally acceptance of one's lot in life". Sentiments that, I'm sure, many will share, and Meehan and the band dutifully provide a collection of heartbreak tales of loneliness, deception, rejection and woe. Songs to be sung whilst sobbing into a beer - or five - and all delivered in a roots style that falls somewhere between classic country and gritty, contemporary Americana. There is a final redemption of sorts, with the gospel "Crown Of Thorns" but before that you'll hear all about "Cassandra" and "The Lucky One", though probably it's the excellent "Passionbroke" that just deserves to take the laurels.
Bruck is an alt-country heartland rocker to be taken seriously. Since moving from Ohio to Nashville in 1999, the singer/songwriter has worked with producer, drummer, backup vocalist Lonnie Wilson to get his gritty music heard. "Whiskey, Women & Rattlesnakes" is Bruck's seventh album project, and its original compositions convey a lot of dynamic energy and powerful playing. Besides that of Wilson, other instrumental support comes from Kenny Greenberg (electric guitars), Biff Watson (acoustic guitars), Gary Lunn (bass), Jeff Roach (keyboards), John Heinrich (lap steel, Dobro, sax), Delyn Christina (harmonica). Additional backing vocals are courtesy of Suzanne Wyatt and Jacy Bruck.The title cut is a cautionary tale that conveys a father's solemn admonition to a young man setting out to discover life. "If God Was" addresses the tough and hard life down on Church Street, and that song provides some thought-provoking speculative questions to contemplate. Bruck's concern for the working man's life is clearly evident, and his most definitive songs are those that strive for some social commentary rather than catchy country hooks."Ain't Gonna Be Easy" deals with unemployment, disillusionment, and limited opportunity, but it tells us to remain optimistic because hard work should pay off.  Songs like "Hard Time" and "This Life" succeed because of their straightforward emotional messages and concern for finding the right path despite some references to alienation and despair. The locomotive "Still Learnin' Bout Love" shows us that Bruck is still on a curve full of conviction and willingness to be the best he can be. His sturdy, confident sound will only continue to build his solid fanbase. (Joe Ross, Roseburg, OR.)
When I hear a new album by an artist that hits me on a gut level I tend to troll the internet in search of as much information as I can on said artist. Who are their influences? What motivates them to write? Are they living in a ramshackle rented apartment with empty bottles of whiskey strewn all over the place, only waking from Makers Mark-induced comas long enough to write country-flavored rock gems, then return to their alcohol fueled sleep? Or is it the opposite? Everyday guy that works a 9 to 5, with a wife and kids. Lawn mowed, dishes done, kids kissed on the forehead and tucked in for bed, he slinks off to his private place in the house and writes heartfelt song on his acoustic, careful not to wake the family.  When the artist is local, it makes it all the more a passionate search. But looking for info on D Ferren proved tricky. Here's what I know: D Ferren founded the band Hipnoses and Sockmonkey in the 90s. In 2001 D Ferren released his first solo album Saint of Life and the Morning After Cavalier. Drawing comparisons to Dinosaur Jr and Jack White, the record was co-produced by Jason Davis of Streetlamps For Spotlights and owner of Off The Cuff Sound. 11 years have passed and we now have the follow-up to that debut in the form of For Glare & Gun. It was worth the wait.'Merilee' starts the album off with a gently strummed acoustic, then accompanied by organ and drums. As the song progresses more instrumentation is introduced. At the 3:30 mark a brass section comes in and we're suddenly transported to a cantina south of the border drinking warm Tecates and wondering about a girl named Merilee. 'Two Dollar Bill' sounds like something off of A.M., with fiddle and rolling snare. Ferren has one of those voices that sounds so familiar, yet you just can't quite place it. At times he's reminiscent of Mutations-era Beck. At times a less constipated Jay Farrar. Farrar could never write anything this fun, though. 'The Ballad of Gram Parsons' is a glorious ode to one of alternative country's founding fathers. With it's country strum and pedal steel courtesy of Bob Craven, the track has a woozy quality, as if you're at  Joshua Tree, staring out at the desert as the heat rises from the hood of your El Camino. Backing vocals from Andrea Harvey take this song to another level. A great track. 'Going to Phoenix' is a great ballad with lilting backing vocals by Andrea Harvey. Very reminiscent of the best Whiskeytown had to offer. One of the absolute highlights is 'Boomtown'. This song has a timeless feel to it. A slow burner with upright piano, strummed acoustic and a beautiful prose. This could've been a b-side from Music From Big Pink. The ghost of Richard Manuel haunts this delicate track. 'Elephant Tears' is the most experimental song on here. Starting out with drones and noise, then going into a 70s organ-fueled long jam. Harvey adds soul to this stand alone song, complete with a great sax solo(yes, I typed sax solo) not unlike Wayne Shorter's celebrated solo on Steely Dan's Aja. Put your headphones on for this.This is an album of wonderfully written songs, ornamented by excellent musicians. D Ferren definitely gets by with a little help from his friends. Recorded once again with co-producer Jason Davis at Off The Cuff Sound directly to tape. Davis pulled multiple duties on drums, organ, piano, bass and probably the kitchen sink. Andrea Harvey lends her voice to many of the tracks and Bob Craven's pedal steel brings the songs he's on to a whole other level. This record feels like a lost gem. Newly found, we get to enjoy it once again and wonder how we ever got along without it.You get beautiful ballads, desert strummers, experimental jams and ramshackle alternative country that at times feels like it's falling apart at it's drunken seams. But like the best of the best, D Ferren and company bring it all back together in the end. Get a hold of D Ferren's For Glare & Gun, put on some headphones and reap the rewards.
Great music with lyrics that range from average to excellent.  The slow numbers are a little too saccharine though, but I love the truckin' songs.
I bought this Cd, among others, before taking a road trip up in the Carolina Mountains... this disc was by far my favorite. The songs are arranged well, great upbeat tempos, with thoughtful lyrics. Carolina Backroads became the weekend theme song for my girlfriend and I on our trip. It's hard to pick a favorite from this album, though Blood on My Guitar Strings and Where I'm From are the two that come to mind first. I've seen this band live since, and they have a great stage energy, with some unique covers too. My only complaint is that I wish the album were longer... looking forward to their next release.
The Hobart Brothers & Lil' Sis Hobart bring together three respected soloists from the Americana scene: Jon Dee Graham, Freedy Johnson and Susan Cowsill. The latter had a large helping of mainstream fame in the 1960s with her family's group, The Cowsills, but since the 1980s she's made a name for herself a backing vocalist, a charter member of the Continental Drifters and with a low-key solo career over the past decade. Graham's first notoriety came with the Skunks and the True Believers, and after years collaborating with others (and briefly dropping out of the industry), he began a solo career with 1999's exceptionalEscape from Monster Island. Johnston began his career as a singer-songwriter in the early `90s, starting with rootsy sounds that quickly took in more country flavor.What's obvious from the album's very first track, is that the three musicians' individual paths led them to a place of tight collaboration. Johnston's indie roots, Graham's driving rock and bohemian growl, Cowsill's hook-filled pop, and all three's immersion in country, blues and folk, come together easily, as if they'd been a group for years. Those fictional years as a family are turned concrete by the shared experiences brought to their songwriting, populating their lyrics with images from blue roads and bluer hearts. Graham's "All Things Being Equal" reaches outside his personal experience for a harrowing portrait of a failed cotton market, but his "Almost Dinnertime" and Cowsill's "Sodapoptree" offer gentler notes of warm nostalgia.The trio's music is as diverse as their collected experience, including swampy Americana, Mexicali ballads, quirky power-pop and electric folk-rock. The album's ten tracks are split between seven recorded as a full band (and funded by a Kickstarter campaign) and three demos recorded previously without a drummer; a separate digital download adds nine more demos. You can hear from the demo sessions that the principals' mutual affinity was immediate, a gathering of like souls who'd been practicing to play together throughout their independent musical lives. [2012 hyperbolium dot com]
Dulcie is one of my favorite "country" artists though she may eschew the labeling, and rightly since she delves into jazz, folk and rock as well. Regardless of labels, she is a first rate artist with something to say and a nice way of saying it. If you like songs that tell stories this collection comes recommended. Keep telling us what's in the mirror of your heart Dulcie.
Dulcie Taylor has long been one of my personal favorites.  Her songs &#34;Blackberry Winter,&#34; &#34;Easy for You&#34; and &#34;Maybe&#34; all went to #1 in my personal top ten.  So it is with great pleasure that I've been spinning &#34;Free of Sorrow.&#34;  My very favorite track is the bouncy &#34;Amor Malo (Bad Love)&#34; with its Spanish-style guitar and Dulcie's wry vocals observing the romantic dramas, &#34;Linda tells Billy lies right to his face & he knows it as its going down;  He smiles & acts like he believes every word;  He wants so bad to keep her around.&#34;  &#34;First Kiss&#34; charms with its slow heartbreak torch song melody and Dulcie's vocal warm and gentle,&#34;Where did we go wrong?  We started out so right.  We had enough love to light up the night.&#34;  Other tracks like &#34;Man of Few Words&#34; & &#34;Love Can Take You High&#34; are also gems.  Many of these tracks are slow like the Civil War ballad &#34;All Along the River&#34; & the sad reflection about a mother's &#34;Cigarette Smoke&#34; which give the disc depth.  Enjoy!
Songs woven like sweet-grass basket of the southern low country. Poetic and rhythmic tunes that make you want to sing along, fold your arms and move with each lyric and strummed tune.
"I wanna put my head upon your shoulder 'cause your heartbeat is my favorite song"  Now that is a phrase hinting at an idea people can identify with.  Cohen has something here.
Took a while to get it done but it IS worth it! Hope to record more soon! Especially like"MidNight Cry" and "I can't even walk"
I bought the CD because I like getting greatest hits and this cd didn't disappoint. My favorite is John Deere Green and Third Rock From The Sun.
The lyrics are poetic and poignant. Wonderful music for solitary contemplation of rear view relationships and their associated joys and pain. Looking forward to more from this artist.
Yep, it's a cover, but not bad, different, listenable; 'nuf said. Maybe, not; I haven't listened to any other Cirino sounds, just might though.
The Sickstring Outlaws - Johnny Drank Jack (Independent)The Sickstring Outlaws is a San Diego based six-piece outlaw country band, led by Ron Houston (lead vocal, guitar) and Rizzy Rizborne (vocal, guitar). The pair started off a few years ago as an acoustic duo, but such was their popularity amongst local bar dwellers and country music fans that they wrote a bunch of songs, evolved into their current line-up, and in 2011 released their acclaimed debut, "Not So Bluegrass". Now, just a year later they back with a sophomore effort, "Johnny Drank Jack", on which they've neatly sidestepped any feared second album slump, and delivered a dozen songs, big on Merle Haggard, substance abuse and age-related sexual shenanigans. Of course, it's all done tongue in cheek (not necessarily their own), and there's much fun to be had.They kick things off with "Old Saint Peter", a rollicking country rocker about future expectations once the bucket's been well and truly kicked. "I Like Merle Haggard", you may or may not be surprised to hear, is a song about liking Merle Haggard (and getting stoned). In fact, singing songs that refer to musical heroes is a recurring theme, whether it's Johnny Cash (the title track), or a whole gaggle of names on "Let 'em Know". So, they're definitely not shy about their influences, but they're good enough to carry it off, and I suspect anyone with a soft spot for outlaw country, roots rock or Americana in general will find themselves listening to "Johnny Drank Jack" with a big ol' grin on their face.
I love these old Bluegrass recordings.  It is really neat to compare how much Bluegrass has changed over the years.
I bought this compilation more so to lend my support to Charlie Chesterman who is without a doubt one of the greatest living American songwriters and who is fighting a valiant battle with cancer.With the exception of one or two songs that aren't quite up to the sublime standards of others this is an incredible sampler of his great music.Orange Nichole's cover of &#34;Sexy Rickenbacker&#34; is simply stellar  and Letters to Cleo do an exceptional cover of &#34;You Dirty Rat&#34;,the whole album contains great songs and is well worth buying,if not for the great music,to lend some much needed and appreciated support to a remarkably gifted musician and songwriter..
There is a decent amount of hiss in the background, giving this album a real, if slightly annoying, live feel but setting that against the voice and emotion I would buy it again without hesitation.
Wilkinson Blades is headlined by front man Steve Wilkinson (formerly of Gravelpit and Mission 5). The entire compilation of songs on this album are solid. No filler, nothing on this is objectionable to the ear. My two personal favorite tracks are Bug River Blues and Crippled Mind. My personal least favorite song is Some Velvet Morning (it's not bad song but you can hear the Jim Morrison/The Doors influence from Steve, and it doesn't quite flow with the rest of the album. But a good song is the worst criticism I have for this album). If anything I mainly question the chronological placement of "Some Velvet Morning."This is the way Rock N- Roll used to be performed. Timeless music that makes you want to listen over and over again. Let me explain that last statement, there are certain albums that can be listened to in any decade and the songs and sound are just as fresh as if it were released yesterday (and their 40 years old). This I believe could be one of those recordings. Solid songs, solid groove, and just solid all the way around. Listen to a few samples here on Amazon. You will quickly understand what I'm talking about. 4 stars instead of 5 mainly because I to subtract one star on the placement of "Some Velvet Morning." It's a good song but doesn't quite work with the flow of the album. I would work better as a single. I do like the song though.
If you like real country music, you'll love this album! Jake is a super Classic Country singer that knows how to belt out a great song. You won't go wrong buying this album!!
I had Calvary Chapel Pastor's excellent album, Winning the West, on cassette years ago, so being the following album, I bought his followup after recently finding his newest (1992) in a Goodwill. Not as great as Winning the West, but excellent, bluegrass/country sounds and clever, inspiring words pointing to faith in Christ.
it was pretty good for a group i had never heard of
I got this one primarily for the song "Yes Mr. Peters" as I wanted it in my collection of cheating songs. But I was also curious about Ms. Mitchell who was married to the great Jerry Reid. I am also a big Roy Drusky fan so there are my reasons. Not the greatest but certainly enjoyable and pleasant fun listening.
While Jon Dee Graham's earlier albums haven't exactly been super-shiny mainstream productions, his latest release takes organic to a deeper level. Recorded over several months of gifted studio time, the album pulled itself together without an up-front plan, and the lack of a clock ticking away budget dollars manifests itself in more loosely finished productions. This isn't a collection of leftovers; it's a set of songs and performances that weren't pre-conceived for release. It's more finished than a sketchbook, but not as polished as a framed work of art, and the less finished corners reveal some of the artist's work method.The confidence to release such an album has grown from Graham's life experiences, including a near-fatal car crash in 2008. The opening "Unafraid" provides a manifesto, and the album shows Graham's not so much a fatalist as one who's no longer derailed by doubt or fear. Working against his own recording history, Graham came to the studio with only fragmentary ideas, developing them with his studio hosts, John Harvey and Mary Podio. Rather than worrying the songwriting ahead of time, he developed the concepts, lyrics, melodies, production and instrumentation in unison. Graham overdubbed most of the instruments himself, but the album hits many of its strongest points when he sings against a lone guitar or piano.The performances are heartfelt in their immediacy, confessing to a loved one, comforting a fellow orphan, and lamenting the ephemeral nature of time and memory. Among the album's most affecting performances is the voice-and-piano "Bobby Dunbar," with resonant chords that hang gloomily over an elegiac melody. The drippy slide guitar and vibraphone of "#19" provides a tranquil moment of exotica before the challenging crawl through "Collapse," punk-rock "Where Were Yr Friends," and experimental soul closer "Radio Uxtmal." A lot of variety, some wise words and a lack of varnish that leaves the album's grain open to the air. [2012 Hyperbolium]
Steve Gibb is a talented composer, but his voice leaves something to be desired.  I was delighted to have the album that accompanies the songbook (which I have had for many years), and it's nice to hear the writer sing his own songs.
I loved this album!  It's very smart, mellow, comfortable, romantic and lovely to listen to.  "Nighthawks" sets the tone, a quest for something indefinable...love? peace? solace? reaching for something that is never obtainable, the ever-searching human condition perhaps.  The most beautiful song is "Skin," a love song we all wish was about us.  There's irony, intellectual honesty, and a strong country flavor in "Sleepless 'Til Dawn."  Musical tributes to traditional genres and styles in "Stuck Blues" and "Streets of Temptation" are varied and fun to hear. It's hard to categorize this album, because its influences are eclectic with a Dylan influence certainly, but there's lots more than that. In short, an excellent debut album from a very talented singer/songwriter.  I can't wait to hear more from Michael Weiskopf.  But meanwhile, I'll be listening happily to INSOMNIA.  BRAVO!
Lizzy & The Orca - Animal Material (Independent)Lizzy & The Orca is a Montreal based folk-pop duo. Lizzy is Lysanne Picard (vocals, ukulele, guitar, cello) and the Orca is S&eacute;bastien M&eacute;nard (electric guitar, glockenspiel). For their second EP they're joined by the Orca-stra (their joke, not mine), which complements their instrumental line-up with percussion, bass and trumpet. Their songs are idiosyncratic and charming, but substantial, and the additional instruments round out their sound without drawing attention away from their songwriting or their individual eccentricities.Like all the best EPs, there's no room for filler. All five tracks are quietly captivating in their own way, though they're not the sort of songs to grab you by the collar and shake you into submission. Instead they amble and ramble, taking their time to settle their barbs in our aural cavities, then not letting go. Try and hear it all in one go, if you can, but pay special attention to "The Things I've Done", a lovely mix of old fashioned country, `60s folk and Picard's delicate storytelling, and "The Tree Song", a sweet little ditty, which slowly builds to something extraordinarily fine.
CD came in as I expected! Frank Foster always comes through when you just want to roll the windows down and hit a back road and ride!
A lot of good music on this album. Maybe its cause I'm a Louisiana boy myself xD definitely worth the money
The Soulful Sidekicks have produced a lovely mellow album of creamy harmonies accented with fiddle, banjo, harmonica and saxophone in addition to a gentle guitar accompaniment.  The song, "Tom Sawyer Type" is a fun and sassy song sung with guitar and fiddle about being a carefree vagabond.  In "Lazy Afternoon"  you can just feel the heat of a late summer sun as a wistful harmonica plays in the background.  My favorite song, "I'm Saying Goodbye": is reminiscent of Patsy Cline and it has a melody that sticks with you long after the music has stopped.  Make yourself a cup of tea, sit back and give a listen to the Soulful Sidekicks.
This duo explores the world of original songs with wonderful melodies and creative lyrics. Their harmony issolid and their voices blend together to create a lovely tone! Special songs include: Tom Sawyer Type,I'm Saying Goodbye, Make it Better, Shelter of Wise Things and their cover of both Our Town and Long May You Run!Take a few minutes to hear their gentle sounds by a warm fire and enjoy!
Laura Henning And Ginger Cassanova have done a great job creating a well rounded collection of music. I especially like Lazy Afternoon for its harmonies and well balanced blend of guitar and harmonica.  Make It Better  has a wonderful bounce and an up lifting message that touches a resonating chord that folks need to day. I hope others buy this CD for the simple pleasure it is.
Love this guys music and this album in vintage Gary P. Nunn. Miss not be able to see him in person.
Picked this up a few weeks back and I like it.  I am not a country music fan, but this takes me back to listening to it when my dad played it on the radio and I listened to his Hank Williams records.  Only these songs don't sound like they are being played through mud filled speakers.  JDHB is what The Hold Steady (also a fan of) would sound like if they played Country and owned more farm equipment, if you like The Hold, you will be able to grok JDHB.  The songs are well written and are not overly happy affairs, I believe this is the only way Country music should be written.  Happy Country is just crappy Pop, IMHO.  The bass work was superb, it really is the backbone of American music.
Like a Freight Train is a solid roots/rock collection of well crafted songs drawing on a deep reservoir of influences and rounded out with skilled musicianship. The opening track "Lose Myself Somewhere" is a rocker drawing on classic rock sounds with the theme of freedom and independence.  "Miner's Prayer is a chilling, elliptical dirge-like tale with a haunting guitar line.  "23" cleverly takes a familiar refrain from the well-known psalm and blends it with a mellow reggae rhythm that creates a beautiful tune of peace and harmony.  "Broken and Blue" is a country honk/blues tale of heartbreak that ranks with the classics.  And, the title track "Like a Freight Train" has a rock backbeat with a message of redemption and awakening.  If you like roots-rock, you will not be disappointed in this fun yet poignant collection of tunes.
I really enjoy this old time new music.  If you like the real country music you'll like this cd.  The Bleaker Street Cowboys bring back the steel and other sounds of original country music.
Bleaker Street Cowboys bring classic Rock n Roll/country to the 21st century by using classic structure and an updated sound.Their roots are clearly in classic Rock 'n' Roll and Country with an updated ambiance.  A truly sensual experience.. crank up the speakers an' let 'er rip!  If you can keep still with this music playing, CALL 911... YOU ARE DEAD!!
These guys are a great group, I know they are only up and coming but I could see them going a long way.  They have a great sound that keeps you tapping your foot, upbeat and peppy.  Hope these guys make it all the way to the top.
"Like jumping into a sonic time machine, when the likes of Sun Records ruled the airwaves. No auto-tune here."I loved their video on YouTube, waited for the debut release, and now they will rule my ipod on an endless loop. These guys could have been big in any decade since 1956. Who says Rock & Roll is dead? Each song is better than the next. These guys are the real thing!
Definitely worth 3.99!!  Watch out for great album deals for under 5.00.  I have replaced a lot of classics this way.
Heinrich XIII and the Devilgrass Pickers - 13: the Devil's Dozen (Chaos Productions)A group of good ol' country boys from W&ouml;lfersheim, Germany, Heinrich XIII and the Devilgrass Pickers play a version of old school country music, which reflects their roots in metal and alternative music. It used to be a fairly well travelled path from punk, metal and grunge to alt. country, and it's nearly always been a sincere transition. There maybe a little humour in their new songs, but that only mirrors classic country music in general, and there's no doubt Heinrich and his band are serious musicians playing music they love.Listening to "13: the Devil's Dozen", you wouldn't guess their country of origin; Heinrich's got his dark, moody twang down pat, and the musicians around him follow suit. The album arrives fully formed in the shape of "Cold Hearted Girl" a full on country hoedown, with fiddle and mandolin blazing away. "My Ride" begins like a 50-year old burn from a local Tennessee radio station, before tumbling energetically into something more contemporary - great stuff. Song titles such as "Hangover" and "Whiskey Yodel No. 2" suggest a fascination with the evils of booze, but the former is a lament, full of regret and self-recrimination. Less so, the latter.
Dreamin' Ways - Love In A Hard World (Independent)Dreamin' Ways' John MacDonald and Heather Walsh describe themselves as the "new old kids on the block", which pretty much nails it. MacDonald, originally from North Bay, Ontario, but now based in Ottawa, has been writing and performing for over 30 years. Walsh's musical background is incredibly diverse, from musical theatre and barbershop, to jazz bands and soul groups. On "Love In A Hard World" MacDonald mostly takes the lead vocal with Walsh providing harmony, and emphasizing certain phrases and hooks.It works rather well. MacDonald's voice is rootsy and relaxed, and he would have sounded perfectly at home fronting a country-rock band on the cusp of the `70s. Indeed, opening track "Quest" wouldn't have sounded out of place on the Grateful Dead's "Workingman's Dead" album, and later tracks "Turning of the Wheel" and "Indian Grove" are in a similar vein. When Walsh steps up to the mic to take lead on "No Middle Ground" and "I Thought You'd Stick Around" there's a hint of classic period Carole King to be enjoyed. Recorded live in front of a friendly, though respectful audience, "Love In A Hard World" may not be a hi-fi listening experience, but it's still incredibly easy on the ear, and it's good to hear the duo (and their band) in a natural performance setting.
Mark Courtney & Lauren Michaels - Desert Blend: Songs From Our Heart (Independent)Mark Courtney and Lauren Michaels are a recent pairing and "Desert Blend: Songs From Our Heart" is their debut release, a six-track EP of love songs, with a streak of melancholy at its heart. That they commence the collection with "That Lonesome Look of Sadness" is a clear indication of things to come, certainly for the first half of the collection, though neither the song in question nor the material that follows can in any way be described as maudlin. It's a song written and sung by Courtney, and the easiest point of reference would be the broke-down storytelling of Townes van Zandt, which should always be encouraged.On the second track "Sugar", composed and sung by Michaels, a tale is told of betrayal and despair, and together with the aforementioned opening track and the marginally less intense "All of My Jeans", the three songs are referred to as their "heartbreak trilogy".On the remaining tracks, things are a little more upbeat and positive. "Heart to Heart" is a salutation to love in its simplest form, and Courtney's "You Seemed So Young to Me" is an old style country ballad, and quite affecting. They conclude with "Love Never Changes", a celebration of the durability of love, and with the duo singing in harmony, it's a fitting way to close proceedings.
We had a wonderful evening in Paradiso, Amsterdam and I think Pokey LaFarge and the South City Three enjoyed the enthousiasm they received. Thanks for this wonderful CD, we were there!
I am new to pokey Lafarge & his style music. I recently saw him on a Marty Stewart show. It has the sound that is reminiscent of the 1920's or 30's jazzy  swing. i like the album.
Chelsea Musick is a Country-Christian Artist and Speaker.  She believes and promotes, within her music and image, a positive message and sound. At just 19 years old Chelsea has a mission for this album. She would like to be able to go into churches, youth groups, schools, festival, fairs and other events to spread a positive message. Her album Perfectly You includes 10 original songs. Chelsea wrote or co-wrote every song on the album. "I want to discuss and dig deep with the youth about today's challenges. I want to be a mentor, a friend, and someone who the youth can really connect with about issues of today. I wrote my new album with a purpose to talk about purity, anti-bullying, faith, going for dreams and many more topics," states Chelsea.  Chelsea has a pure and strong voice that immediately reminded me of mainstream singers Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift.There are several great themes that are faced by teenage girls specifically that the album addresses in a mature and faith-based way. Probably the most memorable moments on the album for me are the songs about being made in God's image and not seeking society's approval but knowing that God created and loves us all as we are. That critical message is heard loud and clear in the opening songs "Perfectly You" and "Live It Right," two of the most upbeat songs on the album. It's a life-lesson Chelsea hopes will resonate with teens in similar situations.  For example, the opening song "Perfectly You" deals with Chelsea's personal experience of how God used a huge trial in her own life to show her just how beautiful she really is to Him. Chelsea delivers that message of affirmation perfectly in her bridge where she proclaims--"You are more than a heartbeat / your beauty is unique and you have all you've been searching for / you are His masterpiece." Amen. It's also very relatable to listeners, especially for those who struggle with control issues and perfectionism. We are called as Christians to believe in the freedom that we have in the Cross of Jesus. We are free from our fears, addictions, insecurities and perfectionism. Jesus came to die for us so that we can all truly live in Him.Another standout song is "When You Do This To Me" which is an anti-bullying song. It's a life-lesson Chelsea hopes will resonate with women in similar situations. That message is so important and I'm so glad she addresses it with her song. "Hard To Believe" is a standout ballad about getting to know the heart of a person in a dating relationship and not giving away your purity. Some other songs about identity and relationships are found in the upbeat songs "Give It Up," "I'm Yours" and "Keep Your Pants On," the latter song being based on wonderful purity advice from her mother. That song and many others resemble the latest pop country style albums by Underwood and Swift, which is a good thing. Unlike those artists however, what's so relatable is how Chelsea's "relationship" songs are relevant for everyone. If you know Jesus, then you especially know the ultimate answer to the quest for love can only be found in Him which is Chelsea's conclusion in every song.CLOSING THOUGHTS (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)This is an important album that will truly minister to girls struggling with self-image. The message is to know that you don't have to be perfect; God made you the way you are for a reason. You are beautiful, you have something to say and you are worth it. Chelsea clearly loves our Lord and Savior Jesus with all of her heart and wants to celebrate that fact with every song. I have three young daughters and this is a nice upbeat pop country album with positive biblical messages which is a great alternative to Taylor Swift. Chelsea brings her walk with Jesus into her songwriting and this is the best album of this genre I've heard since Bethany Dillon's debut album, which puts her in great company in my opinion.
When Junior Brown's twangy "Hang Up and Drive" opens his new EP album, Volume Ten, you hear an element of Dave Dudley's "Six Days on the Road." However, if you think this six-song project is all retro truck-driving country music, think again. While the opener is a variation of honky tonkin' country that lyrically captures a trucker's lifestyle today, the next cut "Apathy Waltz" (with just guitar, bass and voice) is a humorous and jazzy song about desensitization and detachment.Junior Brown's bass voice tells us about your "play button being stuck on pause." With today's information overload, I can particularly relate to his verse about computers, keypads, cell phones, WiFi, cameras and "sci-fi style picture-phone Skype-sa-call...." The song ends with Junior's big yawn, but it's anything but boring."I'm Headed Back To Austin Tonight" is pure unadulterated western swang with Junior's steel guitar and piano in the forefront. I was overjoyed to hear fiddle finally make its appearance about two minutes into the song, but I was a tad disappointed to not hear any vocal harmony on the chorus or hook.A new story song, "The Phantom of the Opry," relates the secret life of a country musician living in the basement of an old opry house since 1975. Like that phantom, Junior believes in keeping his music "sweet and clear, the way they played it here on Saturday nights." But Junior is no ghost or relic from another life, and his music is both classic and contemporary.A popular concert draw, the larger-than-life artist has built a legion of fans who enjoy his low voice, twangy double-necked "Git-Steel," witty humor, smart songs and classic-styled presentation. "Trust Me" is slow country blues with a pointed reference to Tricky Dick. Closing the album instrumentally, Buddy Charleton's "Almost To Tulsa" sounds like a jam, but gives all the musicians a chance to showcase their talents. It's the only cover on the album, and the late Charleton would be happy that Brown's finally recorded the piece.I remember first seeing Junior Brown and band when they appeared at our "Music on the Halfshell" series in Roseburg, Oregon. I immediately understood the phenomenon of this unique individual who celebrated his 60th birthday in 2012. Based in Austin, Texas, the award-winning Brown has been at it for more than five decades, and he clearly knows what it takes to entertain and get people up dancing. He's a legend, and I only wish he'd give us more than six songs on future volumes. But this is his first release in seven years, so we should be happy at that. (Joe Ross, Sun209: The Americana Music Journal)
Bare-bones production,but good performances.I like Shannon Mc Nally's darker voice quality,and find Amy Lavere's a little thin,but this is a pretty enthusiastic pairing of a touring duo hoping for bookings in smaller venues,so bless'em and I hope they do well.
Beth Whitney - Ukulele EP (Independent)Hailing from Snohomish in Washington State, Beth Whitney is slowly and surely raising her profile in her hometown and surrounding areas, winning songwriting competitions and releasing a sequence of records that consistently earn critical acclaim. "Ukulele", a seven-song EP, is her most recent release, and unsurprisingly features Whitney mainly playing ukulele (and guitar), singing her songs of course and, as is usual, her husband Aaron Fishburn accompanies her. It's a charming folk-rock collection, with both musicians in fine form and Whitney's songs effortlessly draw the listener into her world of rainy days, pirates and unfettered, hopeful love.At nearly half an hour long, it's a substantial collection, and one with plenty of artistic ambition. Opening track "Sweet On You" is simply a delight; the duo play beautifully well together, Whitney's soft vocal (think Joanna Newsom with a little extra twang) drips gentle words of longing and affection, and a muted trumpet adds extra magic - just perfect. "Seattle Rain" is as good, though entirely dissimilar. Its echo-laden percussion and orchestrations emit an epic quality that's retro, engaging and wholly convincing.
If you like traditional classic country songs this cd is for you! I was skeptical but this music is GREAT!!
Great cd! Terri Clark does a great job on these classic country songs. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because there are a few of the songs that I'm not a big fan of. Definitely recommend it!
What can I say, you've done it again. We love your voice and enjoy this cd tremendously. We still want more from you, that's the intention, right? Hope so, you scored with us!
Jessie Veeder - Nothing's Forever (Independent)It would be easy to describe Jessie Veeder as a singer-songwriter and leave it at that, but the North Dakota native has several careers and occupations ongoing, including rancher, blogger (see her Veeder Ranch blog), radio commentator and journalist. Her new album, "Nothing's Forever", is a thoroughly enjoyable collection of songs that gets to the heart of prairie living, and instills a plethora of images that transport the listener to vistas new. It's sung in Veeder's rich, powerful voice and comes with an emotional grasp that grabs hold and doesn't let go.She released her debut collection when she was just 16 (she's now 29) and comes from a family of ranchers and musicians, so not only does she know intimately what she's writing and singing about, she's inherited the genes and talent to do it well. Here Veeder begins with the album's title track, a heartfelt paean to the transitory nature of existence, and it's poignant and affecting. "Boomtown" pays tribute to the men who work the oilfields of her home state and "Home" and "Green Grass" both refer directly to her surroundings - the latter is particularly toothsome, with some wonderful playing by local North Dakota multi-instrumentalist Mike Endrud.
Much like Country singer/songwriter Bill Rice, there was a lot more to Sonny Throckmorton (born James Fron Throckmorton in Carlsbad, New Mexico on April 2, 1941) than his own quite modest commercial results as a performer, starting with the facts that he's been the recipient of Songwriter Of The Year Award from both the Nashville Songwriters Association International and Broadcast Music Incorporated, and has been inducted into The Nashville Songwriter's Hall Of Fame (1985). Which is hardly surprising when you look at this list of just come of his compositions, mostly done for Tree Publishing in Texas:The Cowboy Rides Away - 1985 # 5 for George Strait; Friday Night Blues - 1980 # 2 for John Conlee; How Long Has It Been? - 1966 # 6 for Bobby Lewis; I Feel Like Loving You Again - 1981 # 1 for T. G. Sheppard; I Wish I Was Eighteen Again - 1979 # 18 "follow-along" hit for Jerry Lee Lewis and 1980 # 15 (and # 49 Pop) for the venerable George Burns; I Wish You Could Have Turned My Head (And Left My Heart Alone) - 1981 # 54 for Peggy Foran and 1981 # 2 for The Oak Ridge Boys; I'm Knee Deep In Loving You - 1976 # 86 for Jim Mundy and 1977 # 2 for Dave & Sugar; If We're Not Back In Love By Monday - 1977 # 2 by Merle Haggard; It's A Cheating Situation - 1979 # 2 for Moe Bandy; Last Cheater's Waltz - 1979 # 1 for T.G. Sheppard; Middle Age Crazy - 1978 # 4 for Jerry Lee Lewis; She Can't Say That Anymore - 1980 # 2 for John Conlee; Smooth Sailin' - 1978 # 68 for Connie Smith and 1980 # 6 for T.G. Sheppard; Stand Up - 1985 # 5 for Mel McDaniel; Thinkin' Of A Rendezvous - 1976 # 1 for Johnny Duncan; Trying To Love Two Women - 1980 # 1 for The Oak Ridge Boys; The Way I Am - 1980 # 2 for Merle Haggard; What I Had With You - 1980 # 48 for Sheila Andrews with Joe Sun and 1981 # 12 for John Conlee; Why Not Me - 1984 # 1 for The Judds; You Feel Good All Over - 1979 # 4 for T.G. Sheppard.Unfortunately, also like Rice, there is no CD compilation of his own recorded sides which produced these 8 nationally-charting singles from late 1976 to late 1981: Rosie - # 76 Sept 1976 b/w Troublesome Waters (Starcrest 073); Lovin' You, Lovin' Me - # 73 Dec 1976-Jan 1977 b/w I Don't Know How To Tell Her (She Don't Love My Anymore) (Starcrest 094); his own renditions of I Wish You Could Have Turned My Head (And Left My Heart Alone) - # 54 Sept-Oct 1978 b/w She Sure Makes Leavin' Look Easy (Mercury 55039) and Smooth Sailin' - # 47 Feb 1979 b/w Last Cheater's Waltz - # 47 "follow-along" (Mercury 55051); Can't You Heart That Whistle Blow? - # 66 July 1979 b/w I Feel Like Loving You Again (Mercury 57061); his own rendition of Friday Night Blues - # 89 April 1980 b/w It Always rains On Me (Mercury 57018); and A Girl Like You - # 77 Dec 1981 b/w I've Broken My Own Heart (MCA 51214).All we have at our disposal are scattered used copies of 45-rpm discs and the mp.3 downloads you see here which were actually part of his fourth album titled "Ten Number Ones" from Country Garden in 1985 (actual LP not available).It's high-time someone produced a definitive Sonny Throckmorton 20-25 track CD anthology encompassing all sides of his 8 charting songs along with selected album cuts and non-charting singles.
This soundtrack has many original songs as well as some traditional ones.  I gave it this rating because I love original Christmas songs!
I saw this group on a mountain music show and enjoyed them a lot. The Fiddle player is terrific, and she is the best singer in the group. She has charisma.
Jupiter Vinyl - Lazy Ash Tree (Liquid Evergreen Productions)Pittsburgh two-piece Jupiter Vinyl (Corinne Bohjanen on vocals and bass, Ed Horey on acoustic guitar and vocals) keep things relatively simple on their debut LP. Musically they keep to the guitar / bass template, with both performers taking both lead and backing vocals, though Bohjanen takes the majority of leads - which is fitting, as she writes the words. Their sound, a blend of upbeat folk and sunshine infused indie pop is never less than utterly charming, and is almost guaranteed to bring a smile to the face of the most cynical of music fans.On stage they play a variety of cover material, from Johnny Cash to Radiohead, but for their debut they present only one non-original song, Maya Debski's "Dreams from Clouds". It's not a name I'm familiar with, and have no original version to compare with, but in the hands of Bohjanen and Horey it becomes something quite beautiful and serene. Before that they open proceedings with "Magic Soap", propelled by Horey's fierce strum, it's an irresistible cry for freedom, artistic or otherwise, and wrapped up in just over two exhilarating minutes. Just as good and twice as delightful is "Wabash", a summer paean to driving south with the windows down. I can't hear it without kicking off my shoes and cracking a cold one.Before I sign off, I should mention the presentation, and available formats. Artist David Wadsworth has painted a picture in oils to accompany each song, and they can be seen with the CD edition, which comes in a 100% recycled eco-wallet case, with a 12-page booklet. Additionally, there's a vinyl edition, which also includes artwork by Wadsworth. Needless to say, downloads are available, too.
Was turned on to by a friend who saw them live.  Great music. I had burned their cd but my laptop was stolen.  I liked it enough to purchase it so I could keep on boot stomping to the train.  Rum runner is an infectious song.  If you like progressive, original bluegrass style music then you are in for a treat.
Whereas both Pop and R&B; music history are full of groups who called themselves &#8220;The Three ... or Four ... or Five this-and-that&#8221; that approach was a rarity in Country music. Way back in the mid- to late-1940s and early 1950s there was the mostly Pop instrumental trio The Three Suns with one entry on what then passed as the Country charts from among their 16 nationally-charting sides (and that was in conjunction with the Country artists Rosalie Allen and Elton Britt in 1950 on Beyond The Sunset), and in 1944 the R&B; group The 5 Red Caps had a Country cross-over with I Learned A Lesson I&#8217;ll Never Forget. But neither was pure Country.Indeed, the ONLY group to use such a name that was strictly Country, and which actually made the national charts, was the group from Steubenville, Ohio calling themselves The Four Guys, and what commercial success they did have was modest to say the least: 3 entries between 1974 and 1982 none of which went higher than # 85. And this was after they had become members of the Grand Ole Opry in 1967.Consisting initially of Sam Wellington, Gary Buck (who for a spell was the husband of Louise Mandrell), Brent Burkett and Gary Chadwick, they first appeared on the charts in October 1974 when the Don Williams-penned Too Late To Turn Back Now (not to be confused with the Clyde Otis composition recorded by Brook Benton) peaked at # 88 b/w Gatherin&#8217; Dust on RCA Victor 10055. Five years later, in December 1979, they were back with the # 93 Mama Rocked Us To Sleep (With Country Music) b/w a cover of the Neil Diamond hit, Forever In Blue Jeans on Collage 102, and in March 1982 their last entry appeared when Made In The U.S.A. became their best at # 85 b/w Pretty Lady on J&B; 1001.I have never found any of the originals in a multiple-artist CD so it would appear the 45-rpm discs covered here are all that&#8217;s available in that regard. As for the 40-track mp.3 download offer under the title The Fabulous Four Guys - 40 Of Our Best&#8221; unfortunately since that is not available to us here in Canada I can&#8217;t say for certain if that includes original renditions or re-makes done much later. Certainly the picture of the group in their later years (apparently they are still performing) might suggest they are re-makes. I also can&#8217;t say if that&#8217;s the original gathering, or if it includes Laddie Cain and John Frost who replaced Buck and Chadwick respectively in 1980 and 1981.
I normally run from country, but, what a great first album from a local band.  All original music that runs from traditional country to just really foot stompin' fun.  Anthony's singing is powerful and lyrics are from the heart.  He needs to release a live album to really catch the energy of his performances.  I think my favorite song is LLSDRR.  Great energy.  I want to see more and a live album.
Jesse Dollimont & The Ospreys - I'll Fly Away (Independent)The daughter of two professional musicians, Jesse Dollimont was born in southern Alberta and raised in a house that was awash with the music of Gram Parsons, Emmylou Harris, The Byrds and Neil Young. I don't suppose that we can be surprised that, with those genes and early influences, Dollimont would find herself drawn to a career in music, especially those genres with foundations in roots, folk and country styles. After performing with a host of Edmonton groups she formed The Ospreys with Keith Rempel (bass and vocals), Darrek Anderson (steel guitar), Brennan Cameron (mandolin, keyboards and vocals) Michelle Sabourin (fiddle and vocals) and Matt Greir (drums), and "I'll Fly Away" is their debut album.They describe themselves as "a little bit country, a little bit bluegrass, and once in a while just a little bit rock and roll" and they're spot on. Dollimont possesses a fine, pure voice and writes songs that connect directly to the human condition. They begin with "Better Man", and the interaction between Dollimont and Anderson is a joy to hear, as vocals and steel guitar entwine like melancholy lovers. It's followed by "Straight & True", an unfussy, country-folk ballad, with delicate strings adding nuance and auditory depth. "Broken Things" is upbeat and bright, without ever shaking off an aura of sadness, and "Postcards" again brings voice and steel guitar together, and beautiful sorrow and a certain yielding regret is the happy result.
I just got &#34;Jean- Baptiste&#34; and must say that this album grows on you the more you listen to it!  My personal favorite on the album is &#34;My Virginia&#34;.
Michael Waugh - Heyfield Girl (Independent)Things are looking good for Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Michael Waugh. His new five-track EP "Heyfield Girl" is steadily gathering acclaim, and the title track, when released in demo form to festival organizers and songwriting competitions, resulted in invitations to perform and a clutch of nominations and prizes.It's an outstanding track, rooted firmly in the folk tradition, it tells the story of Waugh's mother, her battle with illness and his father's love for her. It might have been maudlin or a trifle over-sentimental, but thanks to a light-touch and a supple arrangement, it's uplifting and life-affirming.Stories are central to Waugh's style, probably the result of a misspent youth listening to classic country music, and there's a gentle country influence at play throughout the recording. The remarkable "Both of Your Kids" is chock full of detail, the tiny pieces of information that lift a song beyond the ordinary, and "Burned", a brushfire narrative that seems so relevant to Australian life.Local commentators are already comparing Waugh to Paul Kelly, and it'll be interesting to see whether he can make the same international impact. There's a debut album release planned for mid-2013, so we may not have to wait too long to find out.
Otis Gibbs sent a request to me on the Twit to follow me, I checked out his site. Found he has a internet show and had numerous great singer/songwriters on it. Previews of this album were on his website, just really dig the writing, arrangement, and raspy vocals.
Honestly, I'd like to give this album 5 stars...I definitely would have given it 4 and a half (if that were an option).  First, let me tell you right off, I am a Poco fan (or 'Poconut' as some might say).  I say that for no other reason than to say I think being a fan of an artist tends to automatically add one more star to a review than a more casual fan might give (in general I think fans rate their bands higher than non-fans).  So first, let me give you the only reason why I did not rate this as a 5-star recording: Mike Webb's 2-songs.  Plain and simple.  As great an addition as he is for what he adds as an instrumentalist, his song-writing and vocals are lacking (at best).  "Love Has No Reason" makes "That's What Rock and Roll Will Do" actually sound okay (and it's really not).  Both are very simple songs,basic both in structure and dynamics.  While "TWRRWD" has the nice addition of Rolling Stone alumni Bobby Keys on saxophone, that's about the only redeeming quality.  The vocals on 'LHNR' are very weak and sadly bring to mind how Webb stumbled, bumbled, mumbled and forgot the words at the show I saw them at in Fairfield CT (he started the song over and completed the second time around).  I am not here to bash him...I actually felt sorry for him at the show.  But let's focus on the positives...and there are MANY!  Rusty's song-writing (and voice) seem to be as strong as ever.  As highlighted in some other reviews, "REGRET" is among THE BEST he's ever written/recorded.  His "Rockin' Horse" is one of the heaviest songs he's done since the barn-burner "Legend".  "Pucky-Huddle Stomp" (bluegrass/hoedown) could have been on any of the first 7 or so Poco albums.  I look at "All Fired Up" and "Neil Young" almost as novelty songs...great ones at that, but to me, still a bit over the top.  That said, they are still very well-written and enjoyable songs (to me, they just don't have the depth of the other songs previously mentioned).  The real highlight of the album for me is the full emergence of  Jack Sundred as a songwriter, vocalist and performer---enough so to quiet many of those (like myself) who early on doubted the merits of Poco continuing on without Paul Cotton.  Jack's strong presence on this album, at least for now, will quell such naysayers.  Jack demonstrated his chops a bit on the last Poco album ("Running Horse") and proves here that was no fluke.  "Hard Country" (a remake from an earlier solo album) may well be the best song on the album.  Clocking in over 7 minutes, it shows the band at it's best instrumentally, featuring guitar, mandolin and organ virtuosity & jams Poco is not really known for.  His voice too is very strong...quite reminiscent of Don Henley in his prime (unfortunately for Rusty, Poco cannot seem to get away from Eagles comparisons...even though it was the Eagles who took Poco's sound and made millions from it).  "Drink It In" and "Long Shot" are also excellent, well-written and performed songs.In summary, what you have here is NOT what some might say and think is Rusty Young trying to hold together and live off the last vestiges of a band whose key members have all left...no...what you have is the latest incarnation of one of the great early pioneers of Country Rock, still writing and performing relevant songs that are still very much in the tradition of the original lineup.  BTW, Rusty is going to be elected into the Pedal Steel Guitar players Hall of Fame.  If you catch Poco in concert, you may see him perform the Buffalo Springfield classic "Kind Woman" (which he played on the original) with just he and his pedal steel.  After seeing that, you'll see exactly why he's in the Hall Of Fame and like me and many others, you'll be grateful he's keeping the Poco legend alive!
Over the years, I've become a big Rusty Young fan.  When I think of Poco, I think of Mr. Young--and that's not to begrudge the many great classics and contributions along the way from the various talented members.  I also remember seeing Jack Sundrud touring as part of the band too many years ago (I still remember his song, "Rhythm of Love," and kept waiting for it to be recorded--but, alas, no such luck).  That led me to Great Plains and his solo work.  So, a second Poco album with Mr. Sundrud's contributions is great.Now, about this album.  In many ways, it's a throwback to the early days of Poco.  Notwithstanding Mr. Webb's contributions (more traditional rock and a whole lot less country), many of Mr. Young's tracks here would be nicely at home on Poco's first ten albums--"All Fired Up," "A Little Rain," and "Pucky Huddle Stomp" (the later could fit right in on the "Crazy Eyes" album).  If you're a fan of Mr. Sundrud's work, then you'll definitely like his four contributions.  And "Regret" certainly stands among Mr. Young's best slower songs (but do not expect "Crazy Love" or "Shoot for the Moon"--this has more of an edge).  So, what about Mr. Webb's contributions?  Honestly, I felt like they were generic rock on the first few listens, and wondered what they were doing on a Poco album.  After additional listens, I feel better about them.  Now, make no mistake--they will not make my playlist of favorite Poco songs of all time--but that's a tough list to make. And others who have listened to the songs without knowing that they're from the newest Poco disc like them.  So, I suspect its the juxtaposition that partially explains my initial visceral reaction, and the reaction of others.My bottom line:  If you've liked Poco in the past, you'll like this.  And, if you've not really been familiar with Poco, well, this album will whet your appetite for more.My only complaint:  I'd love more new Poco a bit more frequently, shall we say?  And, about those Christmas recordings that show up on the band's website, what a great release they'd make later this year as part of a Poco Christmas album.Finally, if you're looking to buy this disc, given that Amazon is offering only through third-party sellers, please note you can get a better price at the band's website, with your choice of extras.
Just bought this new Poco album, and I'm liking it a lot. I've been a fan since the 1970's, and bought most everything they've recorded since then. I read another review lamenting that Paul Cotton isn't represented? Sorry to hear that, and I wish this mp3 download came with liner notes. I was a huge fan of their last new album, "Running Horse,"  10 years back, and would recommend that one as well. I have seen the band live twice, the first time in a nice big venue, hot off their "Legend" album, and then a few years later in a hole in the wall joint, and they put on great shows both times.
It's been 11 years between Poco's last studio effort: "Running Horse" (2002) and this new one entitled: "All Fired Up" and in the past decade a few things have happened: George Grantham suffered a stroke and is no longer a part of the band. Paul Cotton, a member of the band since replacing Jim Messina in 1971 has left the band (I don't know any details as to WHY Paul has left) and longtime bass player Jack Sundrud has stepped up in his role in Poco and is writing more and singing a bit differently from the way he was earlier.The new edition of Poco is: Rusty Young and Jack Sundrud joined by George Lawrence on drums and percussion and Michael Webb on keyboards, vocals and a variety of stringed instruments. The sound of the band is very different without Paul Cotton and his guitars not being a part of this. Paul,  always gave Poco a harder edge due to his playing skills as a writer he was very essential as he wrote some big hits and fan favorites for this band that leave with him. George, was an amazing singer and solid drummer and the harmonies aren't as strong without George and Paul.That said the songs found on this one are way better than the material that was selected for "Running Horse" in 2002. The biggest difference in the songs found on: All Fired Up" are Jack's songs as they are some of the best things on this record. The new and improved writing and singing from Jack Sundrud brings this new CD up higher by at least a few notches.The Title track: "All Fired Up" sounds like it could have found a place on: "Pickin' Up The Pieces" way back in 1968 as it really has the ol' time Poco feel and fire. Michael Webb contributes: "That's What Rock 'N' Roll Will Do" with some great saxophone from guest player Bobby Keys that rocks out in good style. "Regret" is one of those Rusty Young ballads that ooze like honey, "Neil Young" is about a guy that shares the same last name as Rusty but comes from a different family. "Rusty Huddle Stomp" is a brisk acoustic instrumental from that will be a showcase at the live gigs to prove just how great R. Young can play anything with strings attached to it.At first play I wasn't sure about this new record from Poco and I still miss Paul Cotton as he and Rusty kept this magicial thing called Poco alive for decades together. But, with more plays on the CD machine this one has really won me over as a migthy fine Poco record. Yes, the band has changed once again but..."There's still a little magic in the country!"Four Stars!
Ok I miss Paul Cotton. BUT, this IS POCO... this band always delivers fun, uplifting music...and they deliver here again on this wonderful album. How many bands have continued to deliver the goods for so many years? Pioneers of a genera...country rock...the vision of Richie Furay....and Rusty Young has kept it delivering ever since... you expect to hear POCO...as the band has delivered for so long...and this is POCO... wonderful album.
It's rather difficult for a band who staked their claim to the alternative country genre back in 1968, not to sound or seem a bit rehashed, or wallowing in a past filled with glories that might have been ... but Poco, with a legendary collection of talent, have stepped into a new century still sounding important, still sounding true to their roots, fresh, and ready to take it to the limits.Pickin' Up The Pieces" has always been Poco's defining moment, and since that time, perhaps even during that time, the influx of musicians in and out of the band has been staggering, a virtual who's who of musical talent, including Jim Messina, Richie Furay, Randy Meisner, Rusty Young, and even Gram Parsons for a very short while ... and inspiring bands like: The Eagles, The Byrds, The Beatles [George Harrison could often be found at a Poco show], The Flying Burrito Brothers, Pure Prairie League, Little River Band, Crosby Stills & Nash, and even Neil Young.All Fired Up could have been written and recorded forty years ago, and splintered the floorboards of countless dance halls.  Poco's still writing their musical narrative, stacking the deck with sensational songs, songs that glisten in the sun and are filled with never ending harmonies, inspiring me to feel that just around the bend, on a deserted desert highway, I might pass a vintage van shot with gray primer, windows open wide and the radio blaring.  All Fired Up is a step through the past darkly, and in the same breath it's a new blazing adventure into a musical realm by a group of guys who continue to prove that no one does it better.Review by Jenell Kesler
Rusty Young is remarkable keeping Poco alive for over forty years, and now, with two new members has kept the music fresh, yet still, keeping to the true style of the original leaders of country/rock. I love the foot stomping and energetic &#34;All Fired Up&#34;! I have collected just about all of Poco's music for many years, and have seen Poco survive all the personal changes.
This CD is the best of the old and new from Poco.  The songs hail back to their early country/rock days but also embraces their biggest hit sounds from the late 70's plus has a fresh feel from songs like Hard Country and the title track.  The band has soldiered on over the years and fans are celebrating this new release.  You'll enjoy this music as much as anything around today.
I have always loved Poco, and this album takes me back to their earlier sound.  Wonderful album which I heartily recommend.
The Kentucky-based Quiet Hollers began as a one-off backing band for Shadwick Wilde's solo debut,Unforgivable Things, in 2010. But three years and many miles later, the quintet has coalesced around - rather than behind - Wilde. Aaron West's violin threads its voice through the songs, but it's Wilde's confessions that first greet you in the opening letter home, "Road Song." Wilde catalogs the stream-of-consciousness moments and seasoned observations of a sleep-deprived road warrior, leavening the self-discovery of travel with the ever-present longing for home. Wilde's earlier years as a punk rock musician add heat to his vocals, but his turn to Americana has add introspective layers to his lyrics and wider dynamics to his music. His older self may be just as unsatisfied as his younger self, but rather than lashing out, he deconstructs inwardly, sensing that the seeds of both discontent and absolution are within. Wilde's songs still feel like they were written on cloudy days, but they aren't as thoroughly overcast as his previous set, and the band's moody backings pick up at just the right moments. There's a sense of contentment to "Not Oceans, Not Skies" that suggests the flux of Buddhist impermanence rather than angst of existentialist nihilism, and "Mean Avenues" shucks off its resentment more than wallows in it. It's exciting to hear an artist change and grow, evident here in both Wilde's songs and the band's accompaniment. [2013 Hyperbolium]
Tammy Patrick - A Priority: Songs Of A Bower Bird (Independent)Born and raised on the prairies of the Midwest USA, Tammy Patrick took her first musical inspiration from her grandfather, who would sing Depression-era ballads. At college she recorded a trio of albums with Icemakers of the Revolution, before joining New York folk-rockers, the Dorkestra. When they split in 1996, she, and other ex-members formed the Bathtub Virgins, and recorded two more albums, including their much acclaimed debut "Summertime", which was released concurrently with a film of corresponding videos that was shown at New York Film Festival in 1997.Since 1998 Patrick has been based in Phoenix, Arizona, with her partner Jeff Farias, where they operate their own studio, and continue to record. As far as I can ascertain, "A Priority: Songs Of A Bower Bird" is their fourth album.The first thing you'll notice when listening to a Tammy Patrick album is the purity of her vocals. Like Nanci Griffith, with whom she's often compared, she possesses a voice, which almost sounds like it's been filtered through Appalachian mountain rock, simultaneously cleansed, enriched and fortified. She begins here with "Art Taken Alive", accompanied by Farias on guitars and bass, it's a confused narrative, which takes in murder, exotic strangers and basketball, but also celebrates a nostalgic family time, though it's only half remembered."1st Anniversary Song" rolls along with a full band in tow. Again it's a song about remembering, and although the references are vague, it's the sturdiness of the arrangement and Patrick's vocal that'll impress most. When the words aren't so oblique, she's just as good; "Hen" recounts a pheasant hunt, and the imagery is lucid and clear, and when she sings Dolly Parton's classic "Coat of Many Colors", perhaps the most literal song here, she does so with confidence and poise, undaunted by the song's status in country music circles.
This is a great country album for those who appreciate like true country music.  It has a nice variety of songs and they are all great.  I was looking for something new to add to my collection and was not disappointed.
I an a big fan of the Black Lillies and though this cd is good it doesn't compare with Whiskey Angel.
I'm really not a &#34;country guy&#34;. I found the &#34;Black Lillies&#34; on Sun Studio Sessions. Impressive!This group of musicians really have a deep understanding, appreciation for their craft. At the heart of their songs, brings, even people like me, an understanding of how well these musicians write and perform their songs.My only reservation is the lack of bass information.Content... 5 starsSonics.... 4 stars.
Cool CD. Have purchased other Black Lillies CDs and have enjoyed them all. Saw them on Artist Den or Austin City Limits and decided to purchase a few of the CDs.
I heard the Lilies in a small club in Chico,drawn by a live interview and performance broadcast on the local community radio station,KFZR. There's some good playing and singing here.The lead guitar player is a guy who really knows The Way with a Telecaster and pedal steel.Happily I will be seeing them again at the Sierra Nevada Big Room at the end of May.This is an outstanding venue,so the band will sound it's finest.Yey.
Prime Cuts: The Lord is Beside Me, Just One Mountain, Born AgainYou cannot bank on Amanda Combs to come up with the most imaginative album title.  The titular "New" does not come across as a creative phrase that encapsulates the themes of the songs here.  Rather, it sounds more like a quick after thought.  But album title aside, with this new disc Combs has opened up an account that is going to reap remunerative spiritual dividends in the years to come for three reasons.  First, "New" is a progressive Christian bluegrass record that tantalizingly blends tasteful folk with some occasional notes of country graces.  Despite her tender age, Combs treads on the road less travelled by making Christian bluegrass appeal to her youthful peers.  And she does in ways so easy for the unacquainted to warm up to.  Second, Combs has an angelic voice capable of working wonders.  With a soft crystal clear sharpness she is able to get beneath our skin into our hearts when she sings of our Savior's love.  Calling to mind Alison Krauss or Kristyn Getty, Combs certainly has a voice that commands attention.  Third, though "New" contains eight self- composed songs, it also features two hymns.  With the ubiquitous nature of hymns where every singer and his or her uncle has covered them, it is hard to sing them and still impress.  But when Combs croons these sonic chestnuts of the church, you can help but be mesmerized as though they are new paeans penned just for our generation alone.When the music starts rolling, one can't help but appreciate the technical excellence of the opening cut "Born Again."  Set on turbo speed with lightning speed fiddling and the insistent chugging of the mandolin "Born Again" is a snappy bluegrass romp that has an evangelistic appeal to accept the Savior that is poignantly catchy.  Credit for such excellent backings not only resides with the pickers (which includes bluegrass greats such as Josh Williams and Aubrey Haynie) but also with producer Bil VornDick.  VornDick is a Grammy winning producer who has helmed some of the genre's landmark albums including Ralph Stanley's "Clinch Mountain's Sweethearts" and Lynn Anderson's "Bluegrass Sessions."  More moments of "awe" are in display with the swaying fiddle-led "Just One Mountain" and the jaunty resolve "I'm Following Jesus."  Of note is the former which was inspired by Combs' cousin who was suffering from cancer. "Just One Mountain" is a sober reminder to us that what to us can be a mountain is not unmovable to our Lord.Combs get particularly affective when it comes to the ballads.  Building her autobiography into "New Life," Combs recalls via her camp counselling days how a lonely girl she chaperoned found Christ.  Simple yet so heartwarming is the message underlining "The Lord is Beside Me."  But what makes this song a gem is Combs carefully delivery that is so measurably thoughtful and ruminative.  Almost repeating the same message to less success is the tad whiney "Let Me Know You're There."  However, her take of the two hymns here are not to be missed.  Accompanied by Ryan Combs on guitar only, Combs' spartan take of "Be Thou My Vision" has a piercing nakedness that makes you open your heart to embrace every syllable of this great hymn.  And her perky take of "Sweet By and By" certainly gives heaven the excitement that it is due."New" is an album laced with both poise and talent.  Combs is a first class interpreter of songs and she really knows how to get to the heart with her heartfelt vocals.  And her talents in song writing are nonpareil.  Though this is a bluegrass album but it comes from a place of emotions and genuineness that cannot be labeled with a genre tag.  In short, Combs is a talent to watch.
This would be 6 stars if there were 3 or 5 more songs on the record. 9 is not enough. Especially of this stuff!  I'm not gonna do a song-by-song review here; I think that's pretentious. But I will say that every song is a winner in it's own right. And Kevin's yodeling is really getting good. I know the ghost of Don Walser is smiling.
Having seen the band play on Texas Music Scene, was not dissapointed with this music.  Several really really good tunes.
Dancy - Stories (Independent)Dancy are a Connecticut-based duo comprising of Dan Garaffa (vocals, acoustic guitar, bass, percussion) and Nancy Michaud-Wozniacki (vocals, ukulele, percussion), who met as members of rock / fusion band Organic Chemistry, and decided they wanted to do something a little different. On "Stories", their debut collection, they take a rootsy, Americana-based approach to their songs and performance, and the results are often bewitchingly good. Michaud-Wozniacki is in possession of a pristine old-school country voice that will remind some listeners of artists like Iris DeMent and Laura Cantrell, and they contrast well with the earthier, less polished tones of Dan Garaffa. They share lead vocal duties and sing back-up to each other.Though primarily a duo, they joined on "Stories" by guitarist Ed Sabourin, Tim Braun on keyboards and accordion, and drummer Kevin Hugh; and their contributions raise the bar considerably, filling out the sound and providing a dynamic base for the songs to thrive. Garaffa opens the album with "Big City Blues", a classic down-at-heel country blues, followed by Michaud-Wozniacki's delightful "I Guess I Won't Forget". On "Today and the Rest of Our Lives" Garaffa takes lead again, though ably supported by Michaud-Wozniacki, and the gently off-kilter arrangement and the hint of fear in the presentation, brings to mind Nick Cave's Bad Seeds at their most southern-gothic and country.
Hope Dunbar - Woman Like Me (Independent)Hope Dunbar has been singing for as long as she can remember, though always other people's songs. That all changed a few years ago when the thirty-something, mother of three, suddenly discovered her songwriting chops - "Woman Like Me" marks her debut as a singer-songwriter.Country-folk and Americana are her genres of choice, and fans of Patty Griffin, Julie Miller and Lucinda Williams will find much on "Woman Like Me" to enjoy. Musically, the production is full and layered, without distracting from Dunbar's songwriting and her strong, rootsy voice. She begins her album with the title track, and it's a doozey. Her vocals are beautifully showcased, and the rolling country rhythm, propelled by keyboards and guitar, is just perfection itself. It's followed by "Mismatched Love" and I'm instantly reminded of "Dusty In Memphis"...One of Dunbar's other projects is the Star Belle Uke Trio, so it's no real surprise when the instrument takes centre-stage on "Long Winding Road" and its folky pleasures are powerfully contrasted by the following track, the gospel influenced "Heartbreak Hotel", a commanding performance by everyone involved, and quite possibly the best track on an album which is consistently robust. It certainly provides a compelling argument for one of the higher profile Americana labels to sign up Dunbar pronto.
My wife and I love Wynn Varble's music. We became aware of him when he was a contestant on CMT's next superstar t.v. show. Having wrote several hits for Nashville stars, Wynn Varble knows how to write great songs. This CD is a very enjoyable collection of heartfelt and humorous stories. Backed by a pro band, the sound is classic country. Varble's sturdy vocals are not as strong or full as the stars he writes hits for, but it fits his songs well. Highly recommended! I also recommend checking out Varble's &#34;The Only Honky In This Honky Tonk (Live At the Dixie Theater)&#34;. It's a stellar live performance filled with side splitting funny songs.
This is a well written and performed album.  The songs tell a good story.  I would recommend to anyone who enjoys Texas country.
Did you turn on a country music awards show....and thought you'd gotten MTV by mistake?  Do you wonder why they're rapping on your local country music radio station?  Then check out this new album, traditional country with twang...a good cure for the &#34;new country&#34; blues..
This twangy debut improves progressively with each track, and the instrumentation respects the danceable regional roadhouse tradition. The original material is enhanced by the retro honkytonk style authentically swung, and the covers, particularly "Someone had to teach you" and "Heart over mind," are welcome in reimaginings by a fresh younger voice. Maybe at last the estimable Jake Hooker has some serious competition in the uncrowded field of Texican tonk revivalists. Brady Honeycutt's next release could be really momentous in this likeable specialty genre.
I'm normally not a big fan of bluegrass or country (with specific exceptions) as a matter of personal taste. That's no slam on the musicianship of the many performers in those genres, which I readily acknowledge. (For that matter, I have an eclectic taste and don't buy into the whole spectrum of any genre of music.) I love all kinds of music, but especially new styles that bend expectations for a genre. So when I pressed play for Cannonball, it caught my ear right from the first measures of the lead-off track as being something uniquely special.While about half the cuts on Cannonball would fit right in with a mainstream country compilation, it's obvious that New Reveille is a band in evolution beyond what most would expect from country or bluegrass (alt-bluegrass is the term that jumped into my mind the first time I heard the lead tracks). In particular, Babylon, Conway Shore, and Smoke and Mirrors bring a new edge to both genres through their smokier tone, layered, bold instrumentation, and rich vocal harmonies. This isn't to say that the other tracks aren't up to snuff (Miracle and Forever Til Goodbye in particular stand out), just that they're closer to traditional stylistic expectations (think Allison Krause, which I think you'll admit is a compliment).After my first listen-though, I got in touch with band founder Daniel Cook to ask about the genesis of New Reveille's sound. Apparently Cannonball is the result of a year-and-a-half studio project, during which time Daniel's vision for the band's style was going through a steady metamorphosis (it might be fun to try and rearrange the album's tracks in your best guess of their chronological order of writing/recording based on what you hear in each song). This leads me to guess that New Reveille's sophomore album is going to continue to stretch the genres' boundaries.If you're a country or bluegrass fan, you really need to give yourself the pleasure of listening to Cannonball and to keep your eye on what comes next from New Reveille.
Wow - great tunes and what a sound! I love something about the way and I Don't Mind It. Love the instrumentals too.
I just found out about this band looking for albums here on Amazon. I like Moe Bandy, Willie, Waylon Jennings, Merle Haggard, hanks 1-3, and similar country acts. I call it trucker country since it reminds me of a lot of the country from the 70's and 80's (and the whole obsession with big rigs at that time a.e. Convoy, Smokey and the Bandit etc etc. Eric has a nice voice, he's a good songwriter and is a good guitar player as well. This album is like a time capsule of country music from that 70's and 80's period/but he has his own unique sound that keeps it interesting. Solid musicianship and a refreshing escape from all of the pop country that I can't stand! Buy it and dig that hard country sound! Real country is back!
This is a duet album that's got it all!  The melodies are catchy and neat.  The solos are creative and engaging. The styles of music are varied and cool.  I only have good things to say about this record.
this is a great country song...but the download has a flaw in it....round 1:38 there is a skip....this is the second download I have bought and the other one from Itunes also skips.....
Found this after I saw a few of her covers on youtube. Gotta say I wasnt expecting this album to be as good as it is. May sound sexist but im usually not into women as much when it comes to country, but this girl has talent and if you like the old stuff she keeps it about as country as you can get. I know she is a songwriter but not sure whether she wrote these songs or not since I didnt get digital booklet, but if she did im even more impressed. Some really well written songs and she performs them very well. Definately way better than the crap that passes for country on todays radio..if only there were more like this girl. Im a definate fan.
Slim Dime - Hold Fast (Independent)Slim Dime - Jen Land and Chris Taylor - are an acoustic, country flecked, alt. folk duo based in Melbourne, Australia who've been together for a decade or so - playing in various groups and configurations. The pair sing together, play guitars and banjo, and it's that basic set-up that they've taken into the studio for their new record "Hold Fast". On paper, it appears a trifle simplistic, but the arrangements and performances are utterly engaging and, because of the nature of the material, altogether timeless. The mix of old songs and original material comes together as a seamless whole and Land sings with a voice that seems steeped in 70 years of backporch, mountain songcraft.Recorded by candlelight (which sounds like a health and safety nightmare), the combination of atmosphere, presentation and themes makes "Hold Fast" a pleasure from beginning to end; and very much an album experience rather than a collection of songs. They begin with "Candyman", a common enough character throughout the Americana tradition, and here Land sings from the female perspective, exploring the personality of the woman who loves the Candyman. Their take on the Carter Family's "The Coalminers Blues" moves at pace under banjo propulsion, and the haunting "Adeline" tells a tale of death in the snow, and its evocative "Oh lord I fear my gal's lost in the snow" refrain lingers long after the song has faded.
Paul J. McInnis - Broken Down Waltz (Independent)From Waterloo, Ontario, Paul J. McInnis is a singer-songwriter who fully embraces the North American folk-troubadour tradition. His style harks back to far simpler times, when a songwriter would be travelling rather than touring, earning his crust wherever an audience could be found, and today McInnis can still be found plying his craft in pubs, coffee-houses and bars, as well as on the occasional street corner."Broken Down Waltz" is his new record, recorded live off the floor, and featuring some of his best friends playing mandolin, harmonica, accordion, cello and guitar. The lack of studio gloss presents the music in far more authentic surroundings, and if there are mistakes, they're hardly noticeable, and are more than made up for by the purity and spontaneity of their back-to-basics approach.His stated influences are John Prine, Randy Newman and Bill Monroe, a trio of artists who contribute to the Americana tradition in completely different ways. McInnis takes aspects of all three and has come up with something heartwarming and uplifting, with his literate songwriting providing the backbone to everything we hear.Standout songs come thick and fast: "Slip Away" opens the collection with a narrative about the one that got away, and sets the album up perfectly for what's to come. "What's Done Is Done" is catchy and upbeat, reminds me a little of Uncle Tupelo, and if radio played this sort of thing, they'd be playing this. "Stories of Lily" tells its tale with some finesse and should win an award somewhere down the line, and the album's brought to a conclusion by the outstanding title track - a country cousin to John Prine's "Donald and Lydia".
For the most part, this is a great album.  Freddy is most familiar to most people as a member of Riders in the Sky, the Cowboy/Folk group that does so many terrific harmonies.  He also is the humorous sidekick of Riders in the Sky member Ranger Doug.On his solo album, there are a lot of great songs.  I gave it 4 stars only because I think 31 minutes is a bit short and someof the humor tracks like Garth Does Darth Does Garth just leave me short.But, to offset that kind of material are some truly gem great tracks like "Who Offed Hoffa," about the unsolved disappearance/murder of the former Teamster leader on July 30, 1975; and "Fathers Day," about a divorced Dad's lamenting how little time he can spend with his son.Overall, I am quite satisfied with the album.
I love this album, it's good to hear a good blues album in today's pop music era. If you want your blues raw and gritty, this is a must have. It has an early zz top flavor as well as a Chicago blues feel. Real good sit back and drink a warm or cold (however you prefer) pbr and chill blues.
Polecat Rodeo - The First Strange Town (Independent)Polecat Rodeo are a Houston, Texas-based country-folk-roots-Americana trio, comprising of Blake Abbott (lead guitar and vocals), Ben Sawicki (rhythm guitar, mandolin, vocals) and Dan Fields (harmonica, pipes and vocals). Their take on their chosen genre is varied, as are their themes, which include homesickness, camp cooking and the weather, and there's no doubting the emphasis they place on old-fashioned storytelling.Their back-to-basics instrumentation provides plenty of rustic charm and is the perfect setting for their songs. Though they're not adverse to cranking things up and playing some full-on country rock - "Justine" being the prime example. Abbott plays a rip-roaring solo some two thirds in and the song rolls along like a classic Charlie Chesterman number. Very cool song, too.It's followed by the equally compelling "Kosse, TX", its melodic twists linger long after the music has ended, and the songs hooks are plentiful and barbed. Radio should be all over it, but that would involve them going out and finding it, so shouldn't be relied on. I'm a sucker for a train song, and "Wrecking Trains" doesn't disappoint. It tells the tale of Jimmy Darby and his descent into murder and mayhem, and sounds like the sort of song Harry Smith would have put on a Folkways record, back in the `30s - or the New Riders Of The Purple Sage might have recorded during their initial phase.
A multi-instrumentalist with a lot of style- the title track is mainly plucking the fiddle- very minimal- and it works out great.  Roots music is important and Possessed by Paul James is making an important contribution.
Vultan and the Hawkmen - Es Que Asi Es (Down Stares Studio)On one of Vultan and the Hawkmen's webpages, it helpfully explains: "Vultan and the Hawkmen is Liam Flanagan and Liam Flanagan is Vultan and the Hawkmen". Flanagan operates the Down Stares Recording Studio in Portland, Oregon, so other musicians are often enlisted for his own projects. For "Es Que Asi Es" he was intent on recording some country music, so he approached David Rives Curtright to play guitar, together with honoury Hawkmen, Elise Helms, Kelly Bauman and Matt Rhunland.I should mention that Flanagan's raw take on country music will probably get the execs on Nashville's music row running to the hills in fear and loathing. There's absolutely nothing here to suggest future duets with Kacey Musgraves or Taylor Swift, and The Grand Ol' Opry will not be issuing an invite to perform anytime soon. Instead "Es Que Asi Es" is the sort of alt. county record that might have been released on Bloodshot Records or East Side Digital back in the genre's heyday, and there's plenty here to be enjoyed, for those who like their Americana played with rough edges and a knowing smile.Flanagan and his group take inspiration from some of the greats, including Willie Nelson, Merle Haggard and the Louvins, and then add their own twist. Opening cut "I Don't Like You" provides a perfect launch, it's lurching rhythm falling somewhere between art-school Terry Allen and the Stones circa "Beggars Banquet". "Meals" is equally off-kilter, with Curtright's stuttering guitar taking a less conventional route, and the excellent "Whiskey and Women" surely deserves to be a hit - I'm just not sure where...
Brittany Jean has a lovely voice that sort of reminded me of Hayley Westenra only not as operatic. I really love the title because it is exactly what the CD is about - whispered stories. I really liked the photos included in the lyric booklet - the photo on the back of it was definitely my favorite photo of Brittany.One of the songs I really liked was 'The Ballad of Wall' and even my mom who heard her music from downstairs thought it sounded really nice. Not overfly &#34;folksy&#34; and just all around a very nice CD.The only drawback is that the music is soft and her voice is soft so if you are tired or driving - I don't recommend listening to it. However, if you have trouble sleeping or just have had a stressful day then I think this would be a wonderful choice to listen to in order to calm down or relax.Brittany has a beautiful voice and is quite talented. Definitely a great CD! :)Four and 1/2 stars out of five - simply because I wish there was one or two fast paced songs.
This is a collection of bluegrass gospel that includes four original songs and some old standards.  The title tract, There's a Land is one of the original songs and is included a second time with a retro, old scratchy record sounding intro. The songs are all well done by regional Bluegrass Gospel group Strings of Victory.  If you like down to earth, traditional gospel done with a real natural sound but like something new as well,  you will like this album.  Good harmonies and driving instrumentation with bluegrass guitar, mandolin banjo and bass.
It's been too long since Deana has released new material yet this collection sounds just enough like the old Deana to be familiar and new enough to be fresh.  There are fun songs like That's Just Me and Southern Way of Life, and poignant songs like I Know Better.  As soon as I heard the first chorus of You Can't Stay, I knew I would love this album.  Glad you're back Deana!
This album was long overdue. Best effort from Deana Carter yet. Can't wait for future works to see if any can top this
Deana Carter displays her range of talent with well written songs communicated on an album that shows why she is still putting music out there. This is one of the better country albums on the market right now for two reasons: 1) Carter's talent and range. 2) memorable songs that communicate a persona that any listener can relate to on some degree. Check out Southern Way of Life for the simple reason that it has good music from beginning to end.
WHILE I don't think this one was good as &#34;The Chain', its still quite enjoyable, but thought it couild have been muchlonger than the 37 min. lengeth.Will still contine to buy here future recording.
This is an old favorite that never loses its appeal and faith message. Easy tempo. I thought he did a nice job.
I really like the variety on this Album because it has a good variety of country and gospel songs. It creates a peaceful and easy listening mood. The Lyrics are deep but can also be applied to an everyday living.The song &#34;Everyday Heroes&#34; inspired me because a lot of times we don't know the meaning of soldiers coming home from a warfare zone that almost cost their lives. They see a lot of brutal suffering and pain, and a lot of times we don't appreciate what they are truly going through after they come home. I especially like the line: &#34;His mind wanders back to a family somewhere who gave up on him and don't even care.&#34; This has so much truth in it, that it hurts. My feelings are that this could even apply to homeless people because they may have a reason for being that way, and who are we to judge?&#34;Does Heaven Suit You&#34; - This intriguing lyric asks some interesting questions - ones we might all ask ourselves before we're called. Who knows what heaven is really like? When we go to church the pastor says; we're all sinners and make sure we understand that when we pass on, there better be a little spark of good. Did you ever think that there might be no time to paint your nails and dye your hair? Would it make you think, if the streets weren't Gold and you had to wear a sheep-skin robe? This song made me think...Overall I think once you pick up what the song writer is trying to bring to the attention, each song has it's own story, which gave me many different insights. Compared to something that would just waste time and has no meaning.Overall I enjoyed this Album, and I'm sure you will too.
The Quebe Sisters Band"Every Which-A-Way"(Fiddletone, 2014). . . .A zingy, zippy set of western/swing standards from the Quebes, three sisters from Texas who harmonize around uptempo, fiddle-led arrangements, evoking the classic family-vocals of the Andrews Sisters, the Louvins and the King Sisters.  As the title implies, this disc ranges far and wide among various musical styles, with a stronger emphasis on pop and jazz standards such as "How High the Moon" and "It's A Sin To Tell A Lie," along with country oldies like "Cold, Cold Heart" and Hank Thompson's "Green Light," as well as nods to bluegrass music (a nice version of Andy Statman's "Flatbush Waltz") and older mountain music tunes, such as "Wayfaring Stranger," from the Carter Family songbook.  The Quebe gals (it's pronounced "kway-bee," by the way) keep a light, airy tone, and this is relentlessly cheerful music, at its best when all three sisters sing together... This is only their third album in over a decade, though hopefully there's more to come! (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Guide To Country Music)
Great stuff.  Deep Louisiana sound.
I really like Burtt's music--mellow yet powerful!  Grab these songs for a great addition to your music library right now.
Ray sang great,I liked about one half the songs,the others not so much but that is just my opinion,still a great cd
I have always enjoyed Ray Price
Antigone Rising took a real risk back in 2011....besides a revamping of their line-up, the group switched sounds and stylings as well, going from basically a mainstream rock groove to more of an alt-country/Americana vibe.This shift could have been disastrous on a number of levels....the band had garnered their first real taste of national exposure with their 2005 release FROM THE GROUND UP, only to see it's 2008 follow-up, TALES FROM WONDERLAND, ultimately shelved.On top of that, new lead vocalist Nini Camps was about as far removed from former frontwoman Cassidy as you could get ~ while Cassidy was a born belter, Camps was more introspective, with a much lighter touch.As a result, the new line-up's first release, 23 RED, was a mixed bag, tentative at best, uneven in it's weaker moments. Could this transition work, or was it too much of a leap? Changing band members ~ particularly the lead vocalist! ~ can be dangerous enough, but genres as well??? In most cases, that's playing with a fire that's just going to burn you beyond recognition.HOWEVER....I'm happy to report that WHISKEY & WINE VOL. 1, the first of a pair of E.P.s scheduled to be released in 2014, is an absolute winner! Assured, melodic, tight....everything just works here!Kicking things off is the blistering, yet tuneful, "Everything Changes." A sparkling arrangement, anchored by shimmering acoustic guitars and drummer Dena Tauriello's rock solid back beat, just soars (I also like the fact that the group's added more keyboards to the mix...smart move!). A great way to get things going!"That Was The Whiskey" is a rarity in Country music today....it's clever without being corny or overly "cute." I'm sure Miranda or Carrie would have loved to have gotten their hands on this little beaut, but I'm glad the ladies kept it for themselves....between the stunning instrumentation, spot-on lead vocal, simmering harmonies and smart lyrics, this is a classic, plain and simple! Love it!However, my favorite song on the disc is "Call Me Crazy." The relaxed groove is lovely, but the true star here is Camps' lead vocal....when she sings "Change the radio station/Change the sheets on the bed/Well, you can't change back those words that you said"...wow! That's all I can say....just....Wow!"Magnolia On The Breeze" has a gentle grace to it that gets under your skin and just stays there. Camps' vocal is sweet and sincere, aided and abetted by gorgeous harmonies. There's a timeless quality to the song that's just captivating. Lovely."Get To You" brings to mind everyone from Emmylou Harris and Dolly Parton to Linda Ronstadt and Rosanne Cash. Part country, part rock & roll, the track bops along at a loose, lilting gait. Toss in a great lead vocal and more tight harmonies and you have another winner.That said, if volume 2 of WHISKEY & WINE is as good as volume 1, Antigone Rising will have a pair of real gems on their hands (Personally, I hope they eventually offer it as a full CD!)! I know October can't get here soon enough for me now! (As with all my reviews, I'm docking the disc half a star for not including the lyrics).
This is a very good Truckstop Honeymoon CD, It has a 4-or-5 Really Good songs, and the rest are ok songs, none are bad, you'll like all of them,.....but overall as a full album it don't have as much &#34;heart&#34; or emotion of some of they're otherworks, this one is more like HALF really good songs that have that Truckstop Confessional real emotion behind them feeling, and half songs that just seem like throw away songs left over from the studio floor, (songs that still have the Truckstop Honeymoon sound, and humor, but still somehow are missing the deeper emotion, that they're better songs always have.)I say, if you're a fan, it's still a must have, just to complete you're collection, and to get the good tracks,.....but if you're new to the band, I'd Recommend the Truckstop Honeymoon album before it, &#34;Steamboat in a Cornfield&#34; or from a few years back,......&#34;Diamonds in the Asphalt&#34; ,......Because they are nearly perfect albums, where this one is absoultly Great at some points, but just &#34;ok&#34; at others.
Into The Fire by Nick Cave & Debbie Harry is the best song by far. Great insight into JLP music.
Marlin's voice has a rich, lovely sound and her lyrics are intriguing: from a song to share with children, &#34;Half Moon Bay&#34;, through the haunting sound of &#34;I'm a Stranger&#34;, to the harsh truths of &#34;Are You Listening&#34;. She has a vast musical vocabulary and the cd is soothing and lovely to listen to.
Did you see what I did there? I used the title of one of the tracks from this CD in my subject line above. I do believe that you will love this new release by Bryan White. If you remember Rebecca Lynn, Someone Else's Star, I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore, etc. from his earlier albums you will love this new project. Can I Get an Amen (oops I did it again). If you are too young to remember those classic Bryan White hits you will still love these new, soon to be classics.The smooth crystal clear vocals of Bryan White are amazing and the writing on this project is pretty amazing too. This project was supported entirely by his fans, of which I am one, on Kickstarter so he was allowed to do what he wanted and I believe he has done it very well. I am proud to be one of those 408 supporters.The reason I could not give it that 5th star is I wanted more. Call Me Crazy but six tracks is just not enough. Who says you can't have Another Day in the Sun when you were Born To Be Somebody? Well a review can be similar to a Walk In Another Man's Shoes in a manner of speaking so you have done that if you have read this review.So now it is time for you to get your own copy and decide for yourself. If you want the physical CD you can get that at his web site at bryanwhite(dot)com.I believe you will love it and will want more after you hear it too. Actually that's What I Already Know.