This CD has about 5 tracks on it that really stand out.  Songs that you typically don't find but of great quality.Summon the Heroes the Theme from JFK were my personal favorites.  It also has all the traditional favorites for the Fourth of July celebrations.
For folks that consider themselves Texas Music or Americana fans this is a must have milestone album. Billy Joe has other albums that I would reccomend first for the un-indoctrinated, such as the earth rolls on. However, the pure, real storyline and raw emotion associated with this album make it unique. More of a finishing touch on his dead son's unfinished solo album than a Billy Joe studio album, this album is tough to listen to without dancing or crying or both.Baptism of fire, sung by Eddy, is worth buying the whole album. I own most of Billy Joe's catalog, and I had held off on this one to pursue studio albums based on reading some of the other reviews (since Eddy plays on them too). I am blown away. Eddy was such an incredible guitar talent.King of Fools likewise.Buy this album. Also check out Eddys's guitar on Todd Snider's Songs for the Daily Planet.
Doing my morning walks to the marching music keeps me on stride and the walk is not so boring.  Thank you.
Very inspiring especially if you've ever been to West Point and witnessed a parade on the parade ground.Very difficult to choose between the US Military Academy Band and the US Marine Band.
I swear, I have seen this album available for a long time, but someone how I only just now got around to buying it. The band is terrific, and their performance of "Stars and Stripes Forever" was THE BEST PERFORMANCE OF THAT PIECE I HAVE EVER HEARD!This is a must-have for marching band enthusiasts, and casual listeners alike.
Another marching band cd for dad. Very nice sound to it. Makes you feel like you're there listening to them. :)
This CD is just terrific! Don't pass this one up! A lot of bang for the buck, if you will! More than ample renditions to listen to on 1 CD. I believe General Douglas MacArthur once said at a commencement address at West Point that &#34;old soldiers never die, they just fade away&#34;. Well, this CD will not die in my opinion.
This is a superb recording of the USMA Band accompanied by the percussian of the Hellcats. This CD was originally released by the band itself many years ago and has fortunately been re-issued by Altissimo!  On this CD you get the unique sound of the Hellcats playing with the band. The Hellcats are one of the last drum and bugle teams in the US armed forces.  In the past they were often found at smaller army outposts out West during the Indian Wars where a band was not often available. They played all the daily routines and orders from Reveille to Taps. Such ensembles made the Drum and Bugle combination so popular in America over the years.  We still see that influence today with modern presentations in College and High School bands as well as popular shows like BLAST. Today at the Point the Hellcats still rouse the Cadets at ungodly hours! Over the years they have been reduced in size to the relatively small number today.  Women can also be found within its ranks now. A relatively recent innovation.When the Hellcats combine with the USMA Band you get a deep bass and Percussian  sound which really fills out a march.  They sound quite unlike any other US Service band when on parade. Visually they are stunning with the band especially when the buglers do their flourishes between playings.  The solid wall of sound is similier to a French Military Band with its strong Fanfare Section that is not unlike the Hellcats.  In this sense we can see the musical origins of West Point in the 19th century as its military doctrine tended to be heavily influenced by French drill.  This the band reflects today when combined with the Hellcats.  We see this especially with the French "Sambre et Meuse" heard in the beginning of this CD after the opening Drum and Bugle flourishes.  This is a classic of French martial music and ranks as high in their repetroie as "Stars & Stripes" does here. A signature piece of French military music for sure.Other fine music highlighted here are many famous tunes associated with West Point.  Fine medleys of old American classics which serve as regimental music to the Corps.  Sousa is prominent here as well with several of his best known marches here.  Still, there is enough interesting Regimental and Corps music to set this CD apart from the normal US service band recording. The Hellcats do their thing throughout both in solo and with the band.  Many of the drum routines performed here on traditional rope tensioned drums harken back to the early days of Colonial drum use in the US Army. Great stuff!This is a no-nonsense recording of music associated with the US Army and West Point.  No Patriotic dribble here!  All this music makes one proud to be an American without the usual in your face patriotism that tends to influence many of the concert items of US bands these days.  One could only wish that our bands would follow the example presented here more often in concert.  A classic CD that any serious march collector, West Point Grad, or proud American would want to have in their collection.  Many Thanks to Altissimo! for having this great CD in their extensive catalog.
I saw this in a store in Gruene, TX - home of Gruene Hall. It seemed way overpriced, so I used my handyAmazon MP3Android app to check to see if Amazon had it. Sure 'nuff, and it was 50% cheaper! I bought it right then and was listening to it on my phone before I left the store! That's how technology is SUPPOSED to work!But this is about the CD, right? This is the pinnacle of Texas music - classics. Some covered, some not. Regardless, they're all done WELL. If you like Texas country, you can't miss with this one. In fact, you can't do without it. Buy it NOW!
The USAF band is one of the younger US military service bands, but one of the best. This is an excellent example of their work. These proud service men and women do it again with rousing numbers everyone can enjoy. From well known tracks like Shenandoah and America the Beautiful to other you will know and love soon enough. The power of inspiration that Go Tell It On the Mountain alone has makes this album worth getting. The title fits the album well it does help yo imagine the possibilities. If you think of the great sacrifices so many have made you realize that anything is possible. If you likes this album check this one out also by the USAF Band: Celebration
Not all bagpipe music is equal. This, however,is truly an excellent example of first class musicianship and a lovelyrepertoire of songs. Of course everyone ones loves the recognizablerendition of Amazing Grace on bagpipes, but this is a great introduction toother delightful melodies being performed on this distinctive and hauntinginstrument.
This is a the perfect collection for July Fourth or any other occasion where you would like inspiring music that reflects our national pride. It contains a beautiful rendition of the National Anthem, rousing marches, and some great crowd pleasers like the title track "I Am An American". This is another great performance by the Air Force Band and the Singing Sergeants.
Pete Bernhard is a lyrical genius. That's all there is to it. Puts on an amazing live show. Also try out the Devil Makes Three.  If you don't like this music I will eat my hand
I've been looking for this album and had no idea that it was right here. This is the first album I've ever downloaded before. When Pete bernhard is behind the wheel, you can never go wrong! Viva DMT
Henry Filmore is one of the most interesting composers from the turn of the century. He has written over 250 pieces some under pseudonyms, but all his. He was the famous director of the Shriners band which became one of the best marching bands in the country. This Album is an excellent showcase of his music and is performed with honor by the men and women of the Band of the USAF Reserve. This is a nice addition to any collection of great military music and perfect for lovers of Henry Filmore's music. The Men of Ohio is my favorite track.For more great music from the US Air Force band check out:Ceremonial Musicby the Air Force Bands
The U.S. Airforce Reserve band is really good. Their selection of marches contains a number of my favorites. Many of the selections were composed by Henry Fillmore Jr. I think he was one of the best composers.
Corb Lund is Great to listen to. He has his own style that makes you listen and when you do you will like what you hear for the most part.  I would recomend listening to Corb and his Band.  I for one am mighty happy finding this kind of music.  Try him out you'll be glad you did.  Amazon is a good place to buy your music too,  save money.  Why not.
Great music, this selection has everything. Real music from real people, and it's fun to listen to as well. Buy it.
A winning album from Canada's uber-talented country singer/songwriter. Top tracks include the title track, "No Roads Here," "(Gonna) Shine Up My Boots," "She Won't Come to Me," and of course the live favorite "Time to Switch to Whiskey." As always, Lund displays an impressive mastery of a variety of musical styles, pairing catchy melodies with sharp, incisive lyrics. Worth adding to any country music collection.
Corb Lund speaks to all of us living here in the heartland. If you like country music that is edged with folkways, this is for you.
Terrific songwriting, beautiful singing, great arrangement and instrumentation.  I can't believe it's been 9 years since this was recorded.  If you live in Southern California, find one of their shows and go.
Amber sings in the best honky tonk tradition.  If she were singing in the 50's and 60's she would be in the same class as Patsy Cline and Loretta Lynn, but at the present time she is pretty much in a class by herself.
I simply love the voice this girl has within her.  It is honky tonk, it is emotional, it is grouly,  I love her take on some of the classics.  I am so glad to have heard her by accident!
Amber Digby is a talented traditional country singer and you will love this CD if you are a country fan !!
I found this band/album when I heard "Take the Leaves" on a Pandora station and instantly fell in love. The entire album is great, I highly recommend it.
..when performers like Paula Frazer are less well known than many with a fraction of her talent. The only thing I can critize this album for is that it is not nearly long enough. She is always incredible live, surely there is more that could be included?
Starting out with the classic "Strike Up the Band" and ending with the rousing "There's No Business Like Show Business" this album is a well rounded treat. Performed by the excellent Air Force Tactical Command Band out of Langley Virginia each track brings a patriotic feel into my home. Willow Tree for "Vanessa" is one of my favorite tracks, but I rarely skip around on this album because the composition of the concert is just as good on each song.  If you liked this one you should look at  the USAF Tactical Command Band: "Christmas in Hampton Roads."
This concert and the pieces performed in it were enjoyable from start to finish. Each piece on this album is rousing and quite entertaining - you will definitely not be bored while listening to this band concert. It is appropriate for those who may not have a wide classical music base but would love to become acquainted with orchestral music. I love the mixture of marches, classical, and show music.
This album brings back the power and glory of the light cavalry and war horses from the old days. If you're looking for a little piece of American military history, then this album is perfect! It is short and sweet and is a great addition to anyone's patriotic music collection. Although the tank changed the modern battlefield, there were once brave men who rode atop gallant steeds to defend our country and our values. This album reflects back to those brave men and women who while being impractical in the modern service will always hold an honorable place in our memories.
The Sea Chanters are one of the most dynamic vocal ensembles in the country and are frequently found at the center of our most important national events, including the 55th Presidential Inauguration Ceremony in 2005. They have played a vital role in comforting the nation in times of mourning, including appearances at memorials for the astronauts of the space shuttle Columbia and the Presidential wreath laying ceremony at the United Airlines Flight 93 crashsite in Shanksville, Pa. Their performance of "Amazing Grace" at the National Day of Prayer and Remembrance at the National Cathedral in Washington after the events of 9/11 inspired all in attendance as well as a national television audience. In 1994, the chorus provided music at the funeral of former President Nixon in Yorba Linda, Calif., and the interment of former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis at Arlington National Cemetery.  If you like this try this: Journeys
The Cover art says it all.. Inspired by Freedom and Born of Dreams. This album will make you understand these words so well. The power of flight the freedom of sailing over the clouds. We were the first nation to conquer the skies and this album honors that tradition. It gives you that same jubilation and awe that a young pilot must feel on those first few flights. If you are one who has ever flown or dreamed of flying this is a great album for you. You'll especially like the Great Waldo Pepper March which is from the excellent Robert Redford Movie about a wild and free pilot.
Whether you are looking for music to remember your military career or looking for something to play at a loved ones memorial, this album has a huge track listing and probably has any ceremonial type song you can think of. The performances are excellent and each track will give the full feeling of reverence that our men and women of the armed forces really deserve.
No disappointments here...Jason Eady has got a way with words.  I love his story telling ability.  And he does it with such a smooth voice.  I could just listen to him sing all day (and I do most days).
Jason writes the best tunes and sings them with a belief in the work...a really good selection on this disc proves it too
I stumbled onto Guitarland by accident while searching through Amazon and I have to say I am very happy I did.Joel Hamilton is a great guitar player whose playing is, in my humble opinion, somewhere between Brent Mason and Redd Volkaert with hints of classic western swing, jazz and blues.His playing is articulate and tasty. The songs are varied, mostly instrumental,but none ever seem out of place with his playing binding them all together.If great guitar licks ( think Danny Gatton, Scotty Anderson and The Hellecasters)make you smile this great album to add to the collection.
"Footlifters" is a great collection of military marches and patriotic songs. It features several popular Sousa pieces, including "Washington Post," "King Cotton," and "Stars and Stripes Forever," which is my personal favorite and it's definitely not a letdown on this album. The Band of the Rockies from the US Air Force plays each song in a way that showcases their talent and expresses their patriotism. Props to the director for great song selection and many thanks to these men and women for their service to our country!
this guy along with this band needs to make at least a couple of more records like this-his country,rockabilly stuff really is super-plus his sisters voice kicks ass
I first heard James Low when he opened for an other act, and I didn't want him to leave the stage. His plaintive and distinctive voice cuts right to the heart of things, and you are drawn in immediately. So many great songs on this record - some of my favorites are the haunting "How Much Do You Love Me", the reverb-driven "Steel Rail" and the catchy "Nothing But Your Man." This is a perfect selection for playing loud when you are driving on country roads. I can't recommend this artist highly enough!
I am a big fan of Western swing music. From Bob Wills to Asleep at the Wheel and Spade Cooley. This is theOnly album by Rooster Quantrell I can find. I wish I could find more by him because his smooth style fits my tasteIn this genre to a T. Some artists fall into the trap of a lot of their music sounding the same sometimes the styleWon't let them escape that inevitability but I enjoyed this album from beginning to end. 5 stars from me.
It's hard to find quality Western Swing. Asleep At The Wheel, Dan Roberts, Wylie & The Wild West,and maybe a handful of others. When I bought this I was just happy to have a little more to add to my collection, little did I know just how great Rooster Quantrell really is. There's some mystery about who compromises this band. Donald Bradley is rumored to be the singer. Whoever they all are, this is fantastic!! If you are even a casual fan of Western Swing, I dare you not to fall in love these 20 songs. It's my favorite right now and it will be for quite some time.
I LOve this CD, good old fashion and "REAL" country. Ernie had a Huge hit with Talk Back Trembling Lips, but that seems to be the only thing he's remembered for,if even that. This CD rectifies that,lots of excellent music from a man with a nice country voice.
I normally purchase just single songs, but every song on this album is good so I have purchased the album.If you like to country dance, this album has some great songs.This is one of those albums where you can play it and you can dance to every song!
This is a great album with some of the best fiddling you can find.  The tunes range from sweet and melodic to intense and hypnotic.  There are tracks where it is difficult to believe only one violin is playing.  It proves the artist , David Smith, to be a master of his craft.  You will not be disappointed to have this music in your library.
We have seen Patrick perform live quite a few times and he is a "knock your socks off" fiddle player!! His album showcases some great homespun tunes---a must have!
This a great book about a great band. Learned a lot about the history and also why I liked many bands that the members of little Feat played with or influenced.
Great music. Can't help yourself from singing along and tapping your toes to the beat!!!
Bought for a birthday present... he loved it... he listens to it often... he says all the songs are great!
Very Best of Asleep at the WheelGreat starting point to get behind the 'Wheel' or to rediscovery what a great band they are.  Excellent songs in the Texas swing tradition.  Asleep at the Wheel should have a spot in every music fans collection.
Long time fan of this group.  Have made new fans by giving this cd to friends. Great for a dance party!
It was fun to buy copies and share them with my family.  We saw Asleep at the Wheel in December 2012 in South Lake Tahoe, CA, and loved their performance.
This is my go to motivation music to get myself moving on whatever task I need to get done. Fun, happy and definitely toe tapping!
There is just something about this group that when you hear the music, your feet gotta move.  You can't go wrong in purchasing any of their music if you are a western swing fan.  And if you've never listened to western swing, this is a good group to start with.  You will be hooked.
Had this on a cassette long time ago. This is better quality of a collection of clasic songs from this group.
Just love, love, love Ray Benson and Asleep at the Wheel.  This is a GREAT cd with lots of Texas Swing.
Recorded at the end of 2000, this album contains classic Wheel cuts re-recorded with the current lineup (at the time). The 14 tracks sound as good if not better than the original versions. Ray Benson and company really make the effort to make these songs as powerful as ever. A worthy pickup for any country or western swing fans out there.
A fresh group in classic bluegrass music!  I love every single song on this album.  This version of "Christ Alone" is probably my favorite song EVER.  I was so disappointed to hear their record label album--while good, it could never meet the quality of musicianship that this album has.
Each one of this album's six tracks conjures up images of western vistas and the salt of the earth hard living people who inhabit their landscapes.  Energetic foot tapping music and stirring heartfelt vocals take you on a journey from Elijah's dirge of the oppressed to Willow's yearning onto Propeller's escapism.  This album is a musical mindscape that nabs you on the very first song and keeps you intrigued to the very end.  Driving music in the vein of early REM garage rock, Afghan Whigs crestfallen funk, & the sorrow filled hard edged music of Johnny Cash, this album stands on its own as a unique and revivifying sojourn in the southern rock genre.  Whether in a car or listening at home, Elsah transports you to the scene of the back alley bar where they are playing asks you to slam a shot and rap the bar for the barkeep to serve up another.
These are certainly not the professional men of the US Marine band, but what they lack in recognition they make up for in energy. They may not be at the performance level of the Marine Band but they play their music with such honor and veracity that you won't even notice. These brave service members pay homage to the great history of the 1st Marine Band division. I am happy to support all our soldiers and the music they create for us.
Very pleasant to listen to makes you feel like you are in the woodsLoons & thrush songs a plus
I love Circe's voice, She could sing a motorcycle maintenance manual and I would buy it. But this collection of songs is one of her best and songs such as &#34;Lost and Sinking&#34;, &#34;City Blues&#34;, &#34;Little Pearl&#34; and &#34;Hell Of a Good Man&#34; will keep you humming and toe tapping throughout the album! Thank you, Circe and Christian, for another great album!
Greg Austin is a talented musician with a voice that can sooth your soul and make your feet move.
The Airmen of Note are my favorite ensemble of the military groups and ensembles. They recreate great jazz and blues standards as well as playing many original pieces. This album is no exception and I find it incredibly relaxing. The title track "Blues & Beyond" is my favorite on this album, but it is filled with quality musicianship.
If you love great blues and jazz you should definitely check out the Airmenof Note. Formed in the 1950's in the tradition of glen millers army air corpdance band this group has been wailing ever since. This blues album isanother of there excellent works. Each track will give you the happy feelingthat blues always grants you or be the soundtrack to your down days ifthat's what you need. If you love the blues as much as I do you should herehow these great airmen handle these tracks.  If you like this album checkout this one also by the airmen of note:  In the Glenn Miller Mood
i concur with the previous review; the performance of smith's arrangement of eternal father is THE BEST i've heard IMO. and it's not just technically but also lyrically; just about every performance i've ever heard previously just blasts through the fanfares, etc. trying to show off their chops and forgetting that it's a HYMN and a PRAYER, people! eternal father by itself is worth the price of the entire album IMO. well done!
Was looking for a sound track for a video boat trip I made down the upper mississippi river  - songs from this worked great - talented artist - good blue grass like music.
Solid bluegrass versions of all the old classics. There were a few little too many electric instruments but overall solid.
My favorite tracks on this album come from the work the Incredible Flutist. This excellent work was composed by Walter Piston in 1938 and first performed by the Boston Pops. The US Marine Band revive it here and it makes a great soundtrack for any family gathering. This uplifting and enjoyable music is made for a ballet and you will no doubt feel like dancing. Though the thought of me in a tutu is a little frightening, but I don't think I'll actually take up ballet anytime soon. In either case this is a good album for anyone's collection.
Richard Wagner is certainly a controversial figure, but there is littledoubt of his influence on European classical music. He is well known and oneof the great classical composers of his time. He was unusual in that hewrote both the scenario and libretto for his operas. This collection of hiswork by the US Marine band clearly demonstrates why he is so prominent inthe world of classical music. Performed by the "Presidents Own", a group thathas been around for two centuries, this album is a great addition to anymusic collection. This transcription from orchestra to symphonic band is really exceptionally well done.If you enjoy the sound of this group you should also checkout: Sousa's Greatest Hits & Some That Should Have Been Both albums are verydifferent and show the true breadth of this amazing musical group.
This album rounds out my Hackensaw Boys collection.  Excellent album, through and through.Note to MP3 album buyers: the order is messed up, you'll want to re-name the songs to match Amazon's listing for the CD.
These guys never fail to amaze me!  I recently found out about them and haven't been able to stop listening ever since.  They are old timey but upbeat bluegrass with a variety of beats and instruments.  They sing about real life and you just have to get up and dance to most of their songs.  Going to see them in concert next month---can't wait.  Thanks for all you do Hackensaw Boys!!!!!
Fiddle music of the finest by one of the greats. This is one of the best fiddle albums I've ever heard.
My Dad learned to play the fiddle like a pro listening to Kenny Baker.I grew up with this music. If you like Old fashioned Mountain bluegrass you will love this.
Great, and only, album by a band comprised of members of Sparklehorse and Koester. I wish these guys would have put out more music, ut they only left us with this one gem. If you can find a copy, buy it. It is really good. Otherwise, download it here.
Definitely on my top 10 all time favorite albums. The rise and fall of the album, paired with the sometimes grittiness of the lyrics astounded me.
Since their formal establishment in April 1948, the Air Force Reserve has arich heritage with heroic accounts of disaster response, humanitarian aid,and performance in conflicts. They have a long and dynamic history as a keypart of our armed forces. The USAF Reserve Band honors that tradition ofthese brave fighting men and women on this album. Members of the Air ForceReserve are truly citizen airmen who have given their lives to theircountry.  If you like this album try this one as well: [...]
Since their formal establishment in April 1948, the Air Force Reserve has a rich heritage with heroic accounts of disaster response, humanitarian aid, and performance in conflicts. They have a long and dynamic history as a key part of our armed forces. The USAF Reserve Band honors that tradition of these brave fighting men and women on this album. Members of the Air Force Reserve are truly citizen airmen who have given their lives to their country.  If you like this album try this one as well: American Hero
If you love the sound of a marching band then this album will give you aunique new view. These marches are performed in a grand hall and you canreally hear the difference. It's interesting that music which is usuallyheard outdoors really reveals all its nuances in this setting. With 21tracks you get The Armed Forces Medley, Stars and Stripes Forever, SemperFidelis and a bunch more. A great album by the US Marine Band. If you likethis one try this one:  Overtures Vol. 2
Being a former Bandmaster I used to play these military marches and the way they are played on this cd bring back memories of my conducting days in the military and after I left the military in the civilian world.  There are various types of music played from different composers from different countries and the music is very enjoyable to listen too.  I highly recommend this cd to the people that love to listen to marches, especially during Patriotic Days in which we celebrate the Birth of the Nation, Veterans Day, and other days in which marches are used.  This cd can also be used by band directors so that they can prepare their bands for marching or concert contests as well.  Highly Recommend this cd. 10 STARS.
Love this record. I think Mooney is at his best stripped down, bare bones, right from the heart. Good song choice. Good sound.
I think this is a fantastic album...I've owned it for quite a while and when I dig it out it usually stays in the player for weeks and weeks...I think that the reviewer who gave it 0 stars needs to listen again...I've also seen Virgil play live several times and can't wait to see him play again...and I'm gonna be dragging a bunch of friends with me. He's a terrific songwriter and one of the most compelling performers I've seen (and I see a LOT).
Worlds greatest tribute has real country music I would preffer shania and Dolly Patton tribute this Cd is my favorite come on shania fans tributes are my favorite not Britney or avril just tribute to shania twain and also tribute to cher
BJ Thomas made some amazing recordings that have really held up to the test of time.  There is some great stuff in here.
This is a great album. I feel like I should be listening to it in a dark speakeasy down south somewhere.
Pat Guadagno is a Jersey Shore treasure to those that know his music.  Its rare for a performer to REALLY make a song his own, heart and soul, much like another Jersey shore musician ;) Pat puts everything he's got into every song he sings.  And guitar playing is stellar, look closely at his acoustic and you will see Les Paul's signature; that gives you an idea of who he has impressed with his chops.
An excellent album by the USAF Band of the Golden West Aim High Real High is a great example of their excellent talent.  - Whether is a rousing number you are looking for or something to calm your nerves this album has it all. Great tracks like Be my Baby Tonight and Waterfalls are some that I really enjoy, but I'm sure after a couple of listens you'll have your favorites too. The USAF Band of the West is an excellent group that proudly produce music in the great tradition of military bands in this country. -  They may not be as well known as the US Marine Band but I assure you they play just as well. If you are looking for a new feel and a different kind of band you won't go wrong with this album or group. If you want more great music also check out Three Days Pass. Both are excellent fun albums sure to brighten any afternoon.
I found this musician after hearing a spot on NPR for "a working cowboy".  I really enjoyed all of the songs here; some funny, some reminiscent.  He reminds us of the old west and storytellers like L'Amour...a modern troubadour.
This is a great showcase of how strong the players in the Army Band really are. These are all very bold selections and include lots of great brass performances. "La Fiesta Mexicana", "Concertpiece", and "Jubilee Overture" are my favorites but it is hard to choose on a CD with so many excellent selections. If you like brass music or classical concert band pieces, you will not be disappointed.
wonderful artist. this album can be passed to every generation within my family without having to explain who, what, where, or why.
If you have listened to Chris Knight and like him, then you will love this album.  If you have never heard of him, then buy this album and you will soon be purchasing the rest of his discography.  He touches on the same themes of hard times and survival in a world that is stark and real.
I love this album every track is excellent the more I listen to the more I love very well and beautifully composed and this tribute rocks
IF you remember singers like ERNEST TUBB,LEFTY FRIZELL, and all the other great country singers of this or any time, I know you will just love WILLIE NELSON. The music came out just as if you just bought the record. He is a great singer.I LOVED IT.
Folks, do yourself a favor...If you like original, absolutely perfect live country drunkedness, without a tiny slack in musical talent.  This recording is simply one-of-a-kind special.  I'd spin this before Buck, or Dwight, or any of that crowd (and believe me...I love Buck big time).  I'm just a little sad that no one else is excited about the Pistols to write about them.  The other cds are great also.  I've bought them all...and I can't stop listening  Discover them NOW...don't wait another second
Lynn is a great singer songwriter. Her style is a beautiful mix of southern rock, blues, and New Orleans groove. Great music, great songs, and great musicians on this album.
I happened to catch this band in Rock Hill this summer as an opener for Delbert McClinton and I must say I enjoyed the Blue Dogs even more than the headliner. Their music puts you in a mellow mood and many of lyrics have a saucy edge that gets you nodding your head as you relate. As a SC native, I can appreciate the signature blend of blues, country and rock that the Blue Dogs sing and hope to see some newer offerings from them soon.
If you're into Rockabilly I'd recommend checking Big Sandy and his Fly Rite boys out. This is by far one of my favorite albums in my whole collection.
This is the Wrong CD Cover for "Previous Releases" and find the correct one at [...] or through record label CJP-NHRecords.comThe distributors staff said no one can reach the webmaster or staff of Amazon and CJP Staff has tried to reach them as well to send the correct JPG of the CD label without success.The CD music is awesome but the cover shown here on Amazon might discourage purchase which limits income. Please help!Any suggestions would be appreciated: Contact Amazon or CD Baby itself since CJP-NHRecords Staff has tried without success. Thank you.
You should purchase this album. Amy is no longer with us but that wont keep you from enjoying some great music. What a range she shows us on these recordings. Sometimes twangy other times a little sultry then she will do a little crooning. No matter what your mood, you are sure to find a song on this album each time you listen to it that will grab you. After you purchase this one then you should purchase Dave Alvins record too. Happy listening.
Better than I could have ever expected. I just became a fan of Six Mile Grove, and look forward to buying more of the titles.
Jim Bryson is a songwriting genius, a pretty decent guitarist and a smooth toned singer.  He writes really great stuff for himself, and I am pretty sure he writes a lot of music for Kathleen Edwards.  If not, he is an influence on her style.  Jim is deserving of strong positive reviews.  He writes music that is uniquely "Brysonian," and what else would one want from this guy.  Five stars all the way.  I deem "Somewhere Else" to be his master single.  Kathleen Edwards has also recorded a sweet version of this tune.  Check out both, but remember:  Jim is the genius.
Todd Snider is a storyteller like no other!
You've heard of Lynyrd Skynyrd and Green Day, now hear this blend of both bands! 500 Miles to Memphis has a sound that is an almost eclectic mixture of awesome alternative meets Southern Rock. The lap guitar and fiddle weaves the pounding electric guitar licks and catchy drum beats into a perfect blend of upbeat foot stomping, finger tapping, hand clapping music. I dare you to listen to 'All My Friends are Crazy' without moving one part of your body. Do yourself a favor and download the free copies of 'Sunshine in A Shotglass', 'All My Friends are Crazy', and 'The Regret' from Amazon.
This band and album are great!  Sounds like a Alkaline Trio (sound) meets Social Distortion (topically). I highly recommend this album.
Exactly what I expected from Ola Belle Reed.She was a good story teller and a wonderful person who never met a stranger.You must like this type of music and understand her roots and you will enjoy "My Epitaph"
I first heard this woman's voice in a program on the Smithsonian Channel. It was about Folkways Records. Her voice was so powerful, just like Hazel Dickens - you hear "truth" in both their voices. When I first heard Hazel Dickens (she sang in the film "Matewan") it stopped me dead in my tracks. But back to Belle Reed: this has both spoken word, as I think she's being interviewed or its an oral history, and her singing. Check it out, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I already owned &#34;Songs In The Key Of Springfield&#34; album and knew all of these Alf Clausen songs from The Simpsons when I bought this album on a whim around the time it came out.While I love the original tunes from the show, over the years I've learned that there's something extra special about these bluegrass versions. Whenever they pop up in my playlist, I can't stop myself from belting out the lyrics out loud with the Pickin' On musicians. It doesn't matter where I am, who I'm with, or what I'm doing.Pretty much all of the tracks here are good, but &#34;Who Needs The Kwik-E Mart?&#34;, &#34;See My Vest&#34;, &#34;Senor Burns&#34;, and (especially!) &#34;Planet Of The Apes: The Musical&#34; are the best.
My Dad had this album when I was a kid. He used to play these songs and he still does today. This is classic guitar playing like only Chet can do. While not as technically challenging as his other work, the distinctive Chet sound is obvious here.The sound quality is excellent when you consider the age of the original recordings and the equipment available then.However, there is one small problem with this release. The songs are not titled correctly. The first track is labeled "Feeling Scared", but anyone who knows music from this time period knows that the actual title should be "Buckaroo". This is a cover of the famous Buck Owens and Don Rich song by the same name.On this release track number 10 is called "Buckaroo" which is actually the name of the first track. All the tracks here are labeled incorrectly. The title for each track should be the title from the previous track. To sum it up, all of the titles are off by one number.With that in mind it will be hard for me to describe which tracks I like the most. All of them are great. Tracks that you really should hear are number 5 (actual title should be "Blue Roses") and number 9 (actual title should be "Sweet Perfume". Those are my favorites.Also, for anyone wanting to learn the Chet style of Root Fifth Third picking there are also some great songs on here to practice that which are not too technically difficult. But they do allow you get your thumb accustomed to the style. Number 3,7 and 8 are great songs to get your feet wet with the style.I guess that is about it. If you are a guitar player or someone who enjoys music from this era you should definitely get this, you wont be sorry.
I have owned and enjoyed this album for years. Take time to listen to his words. It may take a couple of times through to hear him growl out his lyrics. When you are done and you have heard his heart, ask yourself, "Did Mama put it all in the jar..." Enjoy!
I was working as a technician for a coin machine company when this came out and my copy got stolen.  Was glad to have it back in the corral.
I have been looking for this song for years!  And to find they made a whole CD was an added bonus!  Some of the songs are very surprising.  The cd was shipped almost immediately and I received it in less than a week.  No damage to the package, the cd, nothing.
I rank these songs right up there with David Alan Coe. I first heard the "Rodeo Song" about 25 years ago. My brother showed up with it at a family camping n fishing trip. We wore that tape out and ran every one else off the lake with it! I looked for years for a copy of it and found a tape of it in Utah 15 years ago and it disappeared along time ago. I was surprised to find it here for download! I love the album and recommend it for any one that likes good raunchy county music!One word of cation, if you have sensitive ears and your against frequent use of the F word, &/or other words that are not generally accepted for public use, then you will not like this recording.
I've been hunting for a copy of this song for a long time and finally found it here.  I'm pleased with it and recommend it highly.  Sound quality was very good..
I have the 45 rpm record of the song &#34;The Rodeo Song&#34;  for those that remember using and buying these kind of records,. So I just had to have it  on CD.
heard this in high school before graduation. with the friends I had this was in there collection. Yet never knew the the band. Itunes didn't have this glad Amazon did.
I love all of Charley Pride&#34;s music. He has a way of signing that is always fresh and new, and never gets old.
An album I can't listen to without feeling moved. The songs are beautiful, with sparse arrangements that highlight the clearly audible lyrics and deftly-fingered guitar work. This is exemplified by the title track, but even the intro track, "Cross of Flowers" brings out the memories of driving into the places you know well on the way home. These songs and the vocal delivery give a powerful jolt of emotion, from wistfulness, loss, yearning, or even playfulness.
Just like The Fireballs were good without Jimmy Gilmer, The Buckaroos were great even without Buck Owens. This collection of mid 60's country is half instrumental and half vocal, but all great examples of the "Bakersfield Sound". These guys won Grammys, played at Carnegie Hall, and were proclaimed Country Music's #2 band of all time by CMT. The sound is very clean, bright, twangy, toe-tappin and just plain fun. The Buckaroos were consummate instrumentalists. Expand your musical horizons and check out some of the best music from the 1960's. I grew up on Alice Cooper, Kiss, ZZ Top and Deep Purple...and I love The Buckaroos.
I bought this album primarily because of the calling done by Ernest Legg, which was what another reviewer didn't like about it.  If you are interested in learning complex patter done in an old style, this is the best resource I have found yet.
Before (and after) the charismatic and vocally gifted Roy Rogers, there was Bob Nolan, the true compositional and singing genius behind the astounding longevity of the Sons of the Pioneers. Bob Nolan forged an entirely new genre: progressive, nontraditional close-harmony cowboy singing. The genre was at a perilously low ebb in 1979 when producer Snuff Garrett lured the legendary, comfortably retired Bob Nolan back into the studios for these tracks, his final recordings. Nolan was then in his eighth decade, the pipes rusty and less robust, but the enthusiasm and musicality are inescapable. &#34;Cool water&#34; and &#34;Tumbling tumbleweeds&#34; receive decent contemporary reinterpretations bolstered by a youngish background chorus. Bob Nolan hadn't idled in retirement, and he presents his newer songs as if they were burnished old chestnuts we've known forever.  &#34;Wandering,&#34; for instance, perfectly sums up the lilt, poetry and landscape mysticism of much of Nolan's output and is impossible to resist. This is a touching and entertaining supplement to any Sons of the Pioneers collection, a fine memorial to Nolan's legacy.
I First Heard Of Bob Woods While Watching A Well-Made YouTube Video About The Old Maine Central Railroad Which Featured The Song 'Shortline Blues'. I Could Not Wait To Get This Album (''Don't Forget The Trains'' Along With Bob Woods Other Works ''Railroad Money'' And ''This Town'') I Am Very Pleased Each And Every Time I Listen In. I'm Sure You Will Be Too... My Thanks To Bob & GP9railfan (YouTube) For A Job Well Done. The Video Can Be Seen Here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2NeYvcRW5U&list=PLAE7A36B9861EC320
Love Love Love if you can see him in person do so !!!!!
Bill Kirchen proves (again) that music can be moving, exciting, and fun.  In his case, the Telecaster-driven rockabilly truck-driving can be all three.  No matter what you're taste is, "Have Love, Will Travel" will find a place in your regular rotation and stay there.  The man who made Commander Cody's Lost Planet Airmen such a fine ensemble continues to delight -- dare I say uplift -- all of us with timeless tunes for a weary world.
BILL KIRCHEN "HAVE LOVE WILL TRAVEL"WILL TAKE YOU THERE(IF YOU WANTA GO!)THIS GUY WAS THE MOTOR BEHIND "HOT RODLINCOLN",THE SINGLE THAT SET THE BAR FORROAD SONGS WITH A HIPPIE-FRIED FLAVOR.I MEAN HIS LOW REGISTER TWANG GUITAR ISUNMATCHED(AKIN TO DUANE EDDY/JUNIOR BROWNBUT HIS SONGS ARE BETTER)I HEARD HIM ON"AMERICAN ROUTES" ON NPR , AND INSTANTLYSEARCHED HIS CATALOG 'TIL I FOUND THIS CD.I AM SO GLAD I BOUGHT IT !"WOMB TO THE TOMB",HAS GOT "THAT THANG HE DOES" DOWN TO A TEE !"HAVE LOVE WILL TRAVEL" IS A JEWEL THATHAS THAT BOUNCY ROCK DEAL FROM THE 50'sWITH A SENSE OF THE RIDICULOUS ABOUT IT."HIGH SNAKES IN DEEP WATER" IS A SPOOKYSONG , SWAMPY , BLUESY AND VERY WELLWRITTEN/PLAYED."RED CAJUN GIRL" SOUNDSLIKE A CLASSIC THAT WAS OVERLOOKED 'TIL NOW."I HEARD THE HIGHWAY" IS SO FREAKIN' GOODYOU'LL WANTA PLAY IT OVER AND OVER ! "THENITRO EXPRESS", (THE TALE OF THE EXPLODINGRUNAWAY TRUCK IN DANGER OF DESTROYING THELITTLE TOWN AT THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL)ISABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC !!!!HIS TWANGING TELE-CASTER REALLY SHINES ON THIS GEM."WHAT'STHE MATTER WITH THE MILL" AND "WHO'S THATWHO" ARE GREAT REMAKES, "SWING FEVER" ISREALLY TWISTED,STRAIGHT-UP SWANG-ROCK THAT'LLSUCK YOU IN FOLKS...ALL IN ALL THIS GUY ISEXTRAORDINARY (HE WAS THE GUITAR PLAYER INCOMMANDER CODY AND HIS LOST PLANET AIRMEN)BUT HE DID'NT STOP THERE...OH NO, BILLPRESSED ON WITH PALS LIKE NICK LOWE INTOUNKNOWN REALMS OF AMERICANA MUSIC. AT TIMESHE REMINDS ME OF THE GREAT DAVE ALVIN ANDDAVE DUDLEY COMBINED WITH THE TWANG ONLYA MASTER OF THE TELECASTER CAN DELIVER.I'LL BET IF YOU BUY THIS CD YOU'LL LOVE ,LOVE , LOVE IT (LIKE I DO) UNMATCHED IN HISFIELD AND HIS FIELD IS WIDE AND PLOWED DEEP !JAMES HARDIE MCGEHEE,(SINGER/SONGWRITER)
My 5th Bill Kirchen cd (not counting Cody or Twangbangers] yet to be unhappy.Gonna buy them all ASAP!!!! And the Cody ones also, yep.
In 1965, enroute home from Summer Break in Florida, I convinced my roommate to make a slight detour -- to Galax, Virginia. We arrived unannounced asking for Smithsonian folk "star" Wade Ward. But where else would he have been. Ward was "just tickled pink" that some Yale college boys has made the pilgrimage, though I recall him asking where we were from with every introduction. There were many. Most memorable were the visits to a succession of "girlfriends," most of whom appeared settled for life in their rocking chairs. But that did not restrain their feet, as Ward picked tunes accompanied by a huge smile. For me, toe-tapping involved a stationary heel. Not the style in Galax. My overriding memory is not of Ward, but of tiny feet describing almost a circular motion from heel to toe. Their engagement with the earth oh-so-light.
These boys do it right. Love their arrangements and classic vocals. Straight-ahead, energy driven, and soulful. Every cut is a favorite.
I discovered this album when I was going to school at San Jose State COLLEGE in 1965.  Yes, before it was a university!  I had listened to lstened to a fair amount of Bluegrass (including the Dillards and of course the fabulous Greenbriar Boys).  But, this particular album just blew me away!!  This was the period when Eddie Adcock and John Duffey were perfecting their instrumental styles, and all three were perfecting their supernal vocal harmonies. Every song both intrumental and vocal are just excellent.  To my way of thinking, the quintessential bluegrass album.  I know you've heard this before, BUT if you are going to have only one bluegrass album Make it be this one!  I'm serious.... BEST BLUEGRASS ALBUM EVER!!!!
Not just a rehash of his best of's...This performance is Martin at his best ! Vocals & Soul united!
Just a gorgeous sounding display of music.&#34;Darlin think of what you've done&#34; is my favorite version of the tune!It's not obnoxiously bluegrassy... and it feels great to listen to :)Great harmonies!!
I bought this cd for my dad. This is 1 of 3 cd's by steep canyon rangers that he loves, and it's in great shape! Good price, too. Very satisfied :)
This is simply the very best in Texas-style country music, an essential album for folk fans, country blues fans and western swing fans. Expertly recorded and produced, every cut is an understated gem, whether it be blues of deep ellum, western swing with jazz banjo or western swing with dixieland. These  silver age doughboys were the best-ever doughboy show and stage band, and what a variety is here, something for everybody. Old timey music, fiddlin', yodelin', cowboy-----the Doughboys here show why they're the number 1 band in Texas history. Also search out at Amazon the Light Crust Doughboys' albums, "The Light Crust Doughboys at Southern Methodist University" and "Early Years Plus".
This is an exceptional album, maybe their best.  If you like this kind of music, you will love this.  If you don't know this music, I suggest you give it a listen.  Mike Seeger is one of my all time favorite musicians and he's still going strong.
I bought this album when it came out on vinyl back in the sixties or early seventies.  Have been waiting to get a CD of the original tracks.  Best moonshine and prohibition collection I've ever heard (how many are there?)  The NLCRamblers are great great great preserving the old timey sound.  These tracks really hold up and are both historically interesting and muscially fine.  Check this and their collection from the Depression Era out.  Whew, what a group !!
These 1960's versions of songs from the prohibition era will please the musical palette of any old-style country/bluegrass enthusiast.  In addition to the skillful performances by The New Lost City Ramblers, these songs have much to say about the attitudes and behavior of folks during this fascinating period of American history.  If the genre appeals, you'll enjoy this album.
best bluesman ever.  period.  listen to this and other titles, astonishing playing, harp, 12 and 6 string, piano.  all of it.  listen to it.  again and again
This recording very effectively captures Michael's ability to captivate his audience with songs of humor, joy, and melancholy. He shows an uncanny sense of timing and mood. Quite possibly one of the best live recordings I've heard from any artist. Purchase this, and you'll be privy to one of the best-kept secrets in the music world.
BY HARRY AND JEANIE WEST, IT MAY BE WHAT YOU CALL RARE BUT I COULD STAND MORE OF THAT COUPLE EVEN IF THEY ARE OLD FASHION MUSIC.
I am a guitar player born from metal and hard rock.  I recently moved to Charlottesville, VA for a job. Being from VA i have heard of Wayne Henderson before but had never heard his playing. One of my direct reports is a traditional music player. he turned me onto a local luthier  company named Huss & Dalton, researching them for a possible instrument build I stumbled over some more traditional music.  I picked up the book about Henderson building Clapton's acoustic and got this album.  I am very impressed with Wayne's styling.  I am a fan and considering picking up the genre in my own playing style.
Made & Played by Wayne Henderson is a nice collection of songs and old music for the picker he is.  I listen to Wayne when I want to feel the instrument is designed for playing and not always an accompaniment to vocals.  He is good.
Been following Wayne on YouTube and wanted his CD's. You won't be disappointed. Watch his Youtube videos from his shop.
This is straight ahead great guitar playing, by a man who also makes great guitars. If you like acoustic guitar music, regardless of the genre of music you like, then you'll probably love this CD.
This is a very well written book and the CD that goes along with it is some real good llistening.
I HAD NEVER HEARD OF WAYNE HENDERSON BEFOR BUT I HOPE TO AGAIN. HE MAKES GREAT SOUNDING GUITARS AND HE IS A FANTASTIC GUITAR PLAYER STRAIGHT FORWARD MUSIC PLAYED VERY WELL.
I had a really hard time finding this cd online anywhere, so I was thrilled that Amazon had a seller who was carrying it in stock.  To my surprise, the item arrived within 2 days, and the music is awesome.  I gave this copy as a gift to my brother for Christmas and he is really enjoying it.
I really enjoy listening to the Wayne Henderson style of picking. He plays some of my favorites on this cd. I  listen for hours.
If you like old-time music, you'll love this! It's like sitting in the living room with Wayne and listening to him pick! Love it!
This is an excellent collection of beautifully played music, on a guitar that I'd love to have a chance to see sometime... This one, or any Wayne Henderson guitar. My grandparents came from his neck of the Virginia woods, and I like to think that maybe they heard picking close to being this expertly done, a hundred years ago.
If you like Bluegrass Gospel this is one of the better ones, various artists and good singing, at a good price.
This is my first time downloading music. I could not find this cd anywhere but online. This is a great cd and the artist is old school.
any  escort real fans this is the one smooth lot of memories can play all night long love it really
YES I LOVE IT, GREW UP TO THIS ONE & SANG IT OFTEN. WHO KNEW I'D BE SO HAPPY. BIG SMILES.
I looked for years for a compilation on cd to replace the albums that I had to relinquish due to the wife (lack of space}. I gave up years ago. I stumbled on this by accident and man am I glad I did.. Took me right back to my youth and it introduced my friends to a group that stood that stood alongside the best in this genre (Stylistics, Chi Lites, Blue Magic). CLASSIC
We listen to this and relive another time in real time! Growing up with this music was truly a unique experience.
The other two reviews are for a different CD . . .The Amazon folks made a mistake in the setup of this artist page.I listened to all of the songs, and they're great. I really enjoyed them. Well crafted and certainly well preformed by all of the artist/singers. I'm surprised that some of these songs aren't on hit radio stations already. If you like real good country-pop music, good lyrics, and good singers, you'll love this CD.Faith Hill, Carrie Underwood, Taylor Swift etc....
Theses guys were crazy geniuses, and this was the start of it.This is the most primitive and old-timey of the Ramblers' albums, and they made a lot of use of the Seventies "thing" of copying, as closely as possible, 1920's and 1930's recordings (kind of weird, but a lot of bands seem to have been doing that).  This is a raw-sounding album, and it's great.  There really isn't a bad track on it.The fingerpicked recording of "Birdie" might be one of the best banjo instrumentals ever recorded.
I first heard this group back in the early 80's, when they played at a tiny club in Chapel Hill, NC.. They also played in the movie, Coal Miner;s Daughter..  Great sound & variety...  Ike
I've had the vinyl recording of this album forever, and was afraid it would never be released on CD. I have most of the Red Clay Ramblers albums, and have always enjoyed their amazing musicianship, their wonderful wit and their ability to put a smile on my face.  The Ramblers have made a fine name for themselves over the years by mixing old-timey music, reverently executed, with witty novelty numbers of their own composition.  This album is pretty much devoid of their trademark attempts at humor and concentrates instead on traditional music, flawlessly and expertly presented in a no-nonsense, serious homage to antique country, Bluegrass and Mountain Music.  The results are sublime, and perhaps a bit more somber than their later recordings.The lineup of the band changed after this, their debut album, and while their subsequent albums were far more amusing and apt to include blues, jazz and even pop, this album has an earthiness and studious feel that they later abandoned for the sake of light and humorous lapses into a more sophisticated, almost urban sound.  The Red Clay Ramblers with Fiddlin' Al McCanless is not better, mind you, just different, which is something the Red Clay Ramblers have always been good at - presenting unique music in a most enjoyable fashion.  Light a cigar, fill up the brandy snifter, and let them soothe you into ecstasy.  I'm not quite sure how the release of this wonderful album escaped me until now, but I enjoyed every minute of it and wanted more when it was over.Highly recommended.
Got this in 1973, vinyl, and want it again.  I see a number of their other albums, so I will be wanting some of those too.
I came across Doc Tommy Scott's name in a bluegrass article I was reading and decided to order this CD.  I was not disappointed.
My gosh.  I've owned this for 12 years and it still blows me away.  "Love On Demand" is one of my favorite songs.  His voice goes so low and so real.  "Grey Day" has the best vocal melody on the album, during the chorus.  "I Got Ripped Off" uses the echo-effect as well as anyone could hope to use it.  "Surfin' Guru" is insane.  This is magic, guys.  How often do you get to experience magic?
This album affords the listener a great opportunity to enjoy great unaccompanied clawhammer banjo! As a student of the technique, I LOVED the song selection and the execution. Thank you, David Johnson!
I have been a fan of both the McGee Bro. and Fiddlin' Arthur Smith for some time.  My only disappointment has been that the studio recordings available have presented a polished &#34;Nashville&#34; or &#34;Opry&#34; sound to them.  Here is the opportunity to here what these guys sounded like in the comfort of their home.  Mike Seeger has delivered yet again, having recorded what I believe to be the ultimate portrait of some of the best old time country performers. The sound quality is great!  The song choices are a great mix of popular and obscure.  One of the most exciting albums I've heard in a long time!!
I grew up listening to Judith Nelson from Amarillo boogie-woogie the &#34;Yodeling Brakeman's&#34; songs. So wonderful to hear them again in Bud Reed's style. I might have stayed away from yodeling because I can't do it like Judy and stay on key. Bud Reed has a classic take on Jimmie Roger's songs that will take a new generation up the mountain. Once there, one can apply their own folk process to these classics or just learn to sing from this gentleman.
I can't even tell you how nice it felt to hear that voice again.  I hadn't even noticed she'd released a new album.  As soon as I saw she had, I bought it, and have subsequently been on a Cindy Lee jag-- listening to all of her work.This is a small collection of great CLB songs.  The stuff is fresh-- in Cindy style, she's definitely trying new things.My favorite songs are "Cry Me a Jordan," "Beloved Stranger" and "Feel Like I Owe Somebody Something.""When Did Jesus Become a Republican" takes you by surprise, but it's a great song and does a nice job of asking a question that nobody seems to be able to answer.A very nice addition to the Cindy Lee collection, all of which are fantastic.I sincerely hope that this is a sign of more Cindy CD's.  She's vastly underrated, and so talented. I've seen her perform many times, and I know that there are so many Cindy jewels out there, I'd love to hear some of those songs again some day.
Even after 5 years, Merge in 1994 still dressed for success in releasing great bands!  Showcases early Merge artists such as Breadwinner, Angels of Epistemology, Wwax and even the Squirrel Nut Zippers!  The 5 year comp is just as badass as the 10 and 15 yr compilation in my opinion!
Terrific selection of country hits!  You will love this album!  There are 52 songs on this album--non stop listening for hours.
This mp3 is great, a very nice country music cd, it makes you think back in the day when the music was recorded, thank you amazon for my order!
I love the old classics in Country music not like the pop/country you hear today--I listen to this all the time.
This album is marketed in a couple of other places as an Emmylou Harris album featuring Carl Jackson,  which it is not.  Most of the people who purchase those versions are expecting an Emmylou Harris album and are rightfully disappointed.  This album forthrightly names Carl Jackson as its artist.  I recommend the download wholeheartedly. Jackson is a very fine musician. Another Jackson album, "Songs of the South" displays both excellent vocals and his incredible instrumental ability.  This album features only vocals but they are marvelous vocals. Jackson does not have a big voice.  His is primarily a gentle voice which shows great passion. And his ability to deliver a line, while bending and squeezing the notes, is unsurpassed if not inimitable.  In my old age I am more selective in my music purchases. I only buy albums that I am likely to play over and over again.  This album, "Nashville Country" by Carl Jackson, is one such album. It's excellence is based not so much on the lines Jackson delivers but the way he delivers those lines. One does not tire of hearing such things.  In addition, the supporting vocals are terrific and the combination yields one of the finest authentic country music albums around.  It's a pity that the album has such a questionable history and has remained so obscure.
This is a tremendous artist with one of his best albums. The songs on this album will make your day and bring you to tears all at the same time. Moore is a poet who has a beautiful sense for sound. I highly recommend this musician and this album.
Best &#34;unknown&#34; in the biz right now. Also an amazing live performer-I suggest you purchase the entire catalogue-All of his stuff is superior to most of what you're listening to right now.
Sam Bush (mandolin)Jerry Douglas (dobro)Bela Fleck (banjo)Mark O'Connor (violin)Edgar Meyer (bass)This is a fabulous album. It should be in every bluegrass/newgrass lovers collection.
I heard one winter's night many years ago traveling through Nevada. It was so moving I had to pull to the side if the road to dry my tears. My all time favorite instrumental.
This has bar-none the best version of Passionate Kisses you can find anywhere, including YouTube, bootlegs, you name it.It's easy to think of the tune as a corny 90s relic because of the Mary Chapin Carpenter hit. Not so at all when you hear the real thing.
Such beautiful harmony like this is made to hear it only by vocal.Hearing it, fortunately it becomes a very quiet feeling.
I first heard of this album by downloading a free sample MP3 collection. I enjoyed the music from SAVAE so much that I had to buy this album. Nothing in this collection has let me down, I enjoy every song. The harmonies are excellent and the lyrics are clear. As a result, the message of the album is uplifting, both from the music and from the words. This is an album that should be able to deeply speak to you.
The new album, Revival Tonight by SAVAE, is a treat for the senses. Their clean, clear capella style of singing comes through well, and will quickly remind you of olden days of songs in church, gospel, and soon your hands will be clapping along, it's a great album to share with your friends too.Songs I enjoyed were Present Joys for it's great lyrics, Pass Me Not for it's male members leading, Brethren for it's sing along style, and Cuba ( Go, Preachers, and Tell it to the World ) for it's infectious style.  It's hard not to like any of songs on the album.  Buy it. You'll keep it playing.  Gary Miller
Absolutely loved this album, it made me feel like I was in a early 1800's southern church.  So much better than the current crop of gospel hymns.  This is what I listen to on Sunday! :)
The production quality on these original tunes is fine. The harmony is beautiful and the supporting cast of musicians, especially Riley Baugus on old time banjo is outstanding! What has happened to Polecat Creek the last 5 years? I don't see anything from them more current that &#34;Ordinary Seasons&#34; in 2007. It is a great collection, also, for the same reasons as above. Bravo!
This is a great collection of American music played by actual soldiers.  The men and women of the United States Air Force Band are not only amazing musicians, but brave defenders of our country as well. The music on this album is not just typical patriotic fare but some really great country and Americana songs as well. This is a great mixture of fun music you can enjoy listening to and feel good about.
If you love the oldest of the military band you are sure to love this album.Semper Fidelis is the essential songbook of Sousa marches. Sousa is creditedwith bringing the Marine Band to the exceptional level of excellence theyare known for and the Marine Band has continued to honor his legacy inreturn. This cover is graced by his image and the album is graced by hismusic.
This is an outstanding album. Somgs like Decided, The World Thinks, and Break My Skin are my favorites.  Check it out!
I CAN'T COMPLAIN AGAINST ANY FLOYD KRAMER MUSIC. A VERY GOOD CD, SO RELAXING.I REALLY LIKE THIS CD, I HAVE SEVERAL FLOYD KRAMER CDS.
If you like piamo music this is for you.I have been a Floyd Cramer fan and want to keep his style alive. I know I have waited too late in life to start a collection.Thanks to Amazon I have a pretty good start.
Love listening to F Cramer--my era!  Now looking for more piano and organ collections.  Will keep looking and hopefully will find something--then i can turn off the &#34;modern&#34; noise.
We really enjoyed this but it will not play on our Bose CD player.  It plays in the CD player in our car & truck.
Floyd Cramer, no one like him.  Happy that we can still listen to him on the road in the new car. Arrived way before the Anniversary so hubby gets an early treat.
This is a great mix of new and old school Country music. Mr. Luskey has a unique sounding voice that is made for this style of music. You can hear the emotion coming through his voice as he sings. Great CD! Cannot wait for his new one.
It started in 1982 when Jason and the Nashville Scorchers recorded their amazing debut EPReckless Country Soul. It was a ragged, live sounding burst of punk energy with country at it's core...then came their second EP Fervor which was quickly follwed with, IMHO, THE  perfect cowpunk statement of all time, Lost and Found.On the Slash label, also in 1982, the Kinman Brothers hooked up with Alejandro Escovedo and released the debut Rank and File LPSundown, another seminal cowpunk album that combined Luther Perkins style roots guitar with new wave elements, a weird linear vocal harmony style and some really great songwriting.  By the mid 80's, in the wake of these 2 seminal cowpunk outfits, there were dozens of bands making killer music that combined country, roots, new wave, hard rock and punk. The True Believers, Lone Justice, Georgia Satellites,  Charlie Sexton, Blood on the Saddle, Steve Earle, Will and the Kill, the Del Lords, the Beat Farmers,Knife Feels Like Justiceera Brian Setzer and many more were cranking out killer material...I was there from the beginning and still listen to all of it to this day. I thought I had unearthed pretty much all of this stuff by the late 80's and there was nuthin' new to discover. I was wrong! I had never heard a single mention of Walk the West until June 2013 when I read about them in Rev. Keith A. Gordon'sScorched Earth: A Jason & the Scorchers Scrapbook. As obscure as it is I didn't think I'd easily find it online, but here it was, available for my instant downloadin' pleasure, and man it's killer!Similar in style to The True Believers and the Scorcher's Still Standing, it's got 1986 written all over it, particularly in the chorused guitar tones and slick production. The songs are high quality with Too Much of a Good Thing and Calvery Hill being my personal favorites. The vocals at times remind me of Steve Earle and the musicianship is top notch. The 4 live cuts included at the end show that the band could bring it on stage and that the energy of the studio tracks matches that of their shows. The pops and crackles evident in the files tells me this was sourced from a copy of the original vinyl, but no matter....Download this NOW and prepared to be blown away by the great lost cowpunk album of the 80's!
So glad to have finally found this gem again in digital format.  My LP was worn out.  These guys were one of the best local bands in Music City...just wish they had been able to stay together.  Great music, great shows, tons of fun. If the first five tracks on this disk didn't have you bobbing and grooving, then you have no soul.  Catchy hooks, funky riffs, a little harmonica at the appropriate times...damn good stuff.  Do yourself a favor and grab this 5-star gem while it is available.  Highly recommend!
I'd loved this band for years - also its spin-off band, the Cactus Brothers.  So much talent, so much fun!  I'd make a point to hear them whenever they came to town.  Listening to this has brought back so many fond memories!
I have been looking for this album for years! I've been listening to Julie and Buddy Wilson and thinking, damn, I wish WtW was still around! Thanks to whoever put this up digitally! I got this album on a cassette as a review copy when I had a fanzine back in the day - I wore it out!  - I hope they get some of the royalties now that it's available again. These guys qualify as the best unknown, unsung band in the southeast
This cd was never released on cd before and I have been keeping my eyes open to see if it does and here it is. One member went on to form the Cactus Brothers
Astounded again by the creativity possessed by Ray Benson and his fantastic band.  I was skeptical, until about half way through the first song.  What a winning combination of their classical swing with the gift of the classical accompaniment of The Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra.  Now, I wouldn't want a full menu of this blend, but for a beautiful change and kick-back relaxing music, you would have to search long and hard to beat this album.  Having seen the band many times (Grant's Pass, OR, Slim's in S.F., Arizona Charlie's in L.V. and others, I can tell you they are at the top of their game.  Wait until you hear Elizabeth McQueen with "I'm An Old Cow Hand".  To sum it up....WOW!  You want this album.  I down-loaded it, because I couldn't wait.
Wish I could have brought the CD, Had to downoad as MP3 then burn to a CD for my husband. He does enjoy it and listens to this cd while out fishing.
Asleep at the Wheel with The Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra is a true delight and a refreshing take on some classic Wheel songs like Miles and Miles of Texas, House of Blue Lights and I'm an Old Cow Hand. You can really hear Ray Benson's voice boom in the big room it was recorded in. This album is a very enjoyable listen and a nice surprise indeed.
Valerie is an obviously intelligent singer-songwriter with a lovely voice, who deserves to be a major star, but there's nothing fair in this world. Valerie's music is easy-listening pop-country, but she definitely has a style of her own.What is particularly appealing about this album is the theme. Perhaps Valerie intended to write all the songs herself, but, realising that there were a number of classic songs which fitted her chosen theme, she covered these rather than release anything sub-standard. The result is an immensely satisfying album, in which the whole is greater than the sum of it's parts, and the covers blend well with Valerie's own songs.You can, if you look, find other versions of some of the famous songs that are superior, taken in isolation (nobody can compete with Joe Cocker's version of With a little help from my friends, although Valerie's version is better than most) - but the point of this album is that it all fits together so well - and Valerie always sounds as if she means what she's singing about.This is a masterpiece from a lady who only rarely releases an album, but who is definitely worth a listen.
As a person of few words, I downloaded this music because I wanted  to hear more of Tim Foust and Home Free.  I liked what I had heard on the Sing Off.  I went thru and ordered a few things from them and also picked up some extra things from other Artist.  I don't normally order/download music on line.  I find I like the music from my time and I already have most of it.Well I've exceeded my 20 words, but the red print on this page says they want another 20 words.  Which is a little sentance that I've seen before.  Therefore I will just repeat myself.
How come only 5 stars allowed? There is nothing else like this original music.  Why didn't I find it in 2006?
Fans fresh off the high of "Shootout at the OK Chinese Restaurant" won't nosedive into the dreaded sophomore slump with "Popular Delusions & the Madness of Cows." They'll barely scrape their heels on a three-inch slip.While Ramsay will never do better than "OK," he comes a rhino's horn away from recapturing the magic of the classics that have been haunting listeners like undead earworms. There isn't a "Monster Truck" or "Esther" in "Popular," but you do get heavy doses of the elements that made them great. The tragicomic lyrics, sarcastic arrangements and weary loathing are all there, plus experiments with dynamics that give the album an extra wide push on the folk-rock swing set."Withered Rose" is a great example of this shift. It crescendos until it pops, then spindles back to Earth on a sliding guitar string like a Southern-fried spider chasing its Miss Muffett.If you liked "Shootout at the OK Chinese Restaurant," then "Popular Delusions & the Madness of Cows" is required listening. So is "Larry Buys a Lighter." Ramsay Midwood is a case where if you like one song, you'll like them all.Shoot Out At The Ok Chinese RestaurantLarry Buys a Lighter
"Ticket Back" has been around for a while.  Had the original LP but who knows where that went.  Got the MP3 and reacquainted myself with Trischka and Skyline.  Some of the best banjo and mandolin playing you will hear anywhere.  Vocals are super.  Bluegrass instruments with some jazz influence in the arrangements.  A great album.
Jack Smith and The Rockabilly Planet is a fantastic band. If you like black jacket rock and roll, rockabilly, garage bands, bar bands, or any combination thereof, you will enjoy this group. The musicians are talented, the songs-many of which were written by Jack Smith-are excellent, and Jack Smith&#8217;s voice is mesmerizing. I can&#8217;t believe these guys were never &#8220;discovered&#8221;. If you are eternally searching for the next band that will blow your socks off,  listen to Jack and The Planet. I have been able to round up four of their albums. Are there any others? Will you fans please let me know?
I love the Platters. They were popular when I was young!I would recommend it to anyone!It is great!
I love Faron Young and I love this album!  Great songs from a great singer.
Ashley's ep was a real surprise to me.  I remember watching her on Saved by the Bell: The New Class, back in the mid-90s.  She was a good actress, but I had no idea she had such an amazing singing voice.  Don't let her looks fool you.  She's not just a pretty face.  Her talent easily surpasses most of today's country artists.And I wouldn't just recommend her music to country fans only.  I like many different kinds of music (mostly Christian rock, Alternative, and Grunge) but would suggest her to anyone who likes almost any kind of music.  Her cover of Tom Petty's "Even the Losers" is incredible, perhaps surpassing even Petty's original version (forgive me Tom).Plus, she's a positive role model for young women too.  Very wholesome and clean-cut.  Go ahead and give her a listen.  You won't be disappointed.God bless you, Ashley.  I hope you go far.
I first saw Claire Lynch in Jackson, Wyoming 33 years ago.  She was a 'mere child' then of course and was the lead singer for the Front Porch String Band.To say I was 'smitten' by her vocal qualities, phrasing and stage presence would be an understatement.  Not to forget that then, and now, she is very pleasing to the eye.I bought her 'vinyl' then, her cassettes later and now her CD's and have yet to be disappointed with a single tune on any of the albums.Claire is likened to a 'Glass of Fine Wine'
I really totally enjoyed this album love tthe music and Claires Voice Keep up the great music Claire and the the mix was right on
From her early eighties album as lead singer of the Front porch string band, Claire has always been my favorite bluegrass singer, though Rhonda Vincent, Alison Krauss and Lynn Morris are all brilliant.Claire's voice is similar to Emmylou's in many ways. This is no bad thing and in any case the music they record is quite different. Emmylou's only bluegrass album, Roses in the snow, is not like any of Claire's albums.Claire and her musicians (including other members of the Front porch string band) stay close to the traditions of the music. The credits show that drums are used on several tracks, but you don't really notice them.If wishes were horses is a very fast song that gets the album off to a great start, but although the pace of the music drops after that, the quality doesn't. There are occasional moments of sadness in this album, particularly Out among the stars, but most of the songs are uplifting and cheerful.Claire co-wrote four of the songs - Silver and gold, Sweetheart darling of mine, Death angel and Out among the stars, demonstrating that she can write songs as well as sing. This might just be Claire's best album, but I enjoy all of them enormously. If you enjoy bluegrass music, you will surely enjoy Claire's music.
When I hear this group many thoughts of the late Bill &amp; Charlie Monroe, The Delmore Brothers, The Carter Family, Hanks Williams and Jimmie Rodgers...early Country &amp; Bluegrass shades of Gospel give us a whole new reason for living.Remember some of their earlier works ~ &quot;Letter To Home&quot;...&quot;Living on the Other Side&quot;(outstanding album, possibly their best to date)...&quot;Live at the Mac&quot;...&quot;John &amp; Mary&quot;...all the mentioned released on Rounder Records, and this &quot;Back To The Mac&quot;, all feature the Lester Flatt &amp; Earl Scrugg's test of time.Relive those days when &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou&quot; shined through, and every day was sunny, regardless of how much money you had in your pocket...music was your recreation, a stress reliver...it works today as it did then...so sit back, spin this CD and ENJOY!Total Time: 48:46 on 19 Tracks ~ Rounder Records 11661-0487-2 ~ (2001)
Really had a hard time finding this classic live recording. Great ! Looked all over for it and finally found it here.
Killer
This album has to be in my top 5. Joe Val's strong tenor voice is unlike any other and the New England Bluegrass Boys pick with skill and authority. When Joe whips out a yodel, you can't help but take notice. I'm surprised that Joe and the boys don't receive more recognition as one of the all time bluegrass greats.
This CD is a wonderful representation of Joe Val and his band.  He was one of the finest bluegrass tenors and this selection of songs is a great representation of his talent.
A great musican and singer whose songs are still sung by many a bluegrass artist.  He had a great delivery and a style which will be copied for generations to come.
I'm a huge Mike Compton Fan and he's in top form as is the rest of the band. Good songs and great band
One of the greatest "new" rockabilly albums on the 1990s. Texas gave us High Noon. Indiana gave us these guys.
Big John Annas is an old friend.  He gave me an autographed copy of the LP, which a studio guitarist friend, Skip Silverman, proceeded to borrow and never return.  John and I went through some mad times together in the '60's in Syracuse.
What a beautiful voice, but there is much more here. Devon plays a fine guitar, the rhythmic accompaniment is well thought out and tight. The lyrics are sweet, poetic, friendly, and kind! The chord progressions are complex and jazzy without being over the top.This recording is difficult to match. I highly recommend it.
I always think that the best way to write a music review is to quote heavily from the lyrics. It doesn't give you a good sense of the music itself, but can any written review really do that? Hey, you're right here on Amazon -- if you want to know what the music sounds like, preview a few of the songs. So here's one of my most favorite bits from "Keep Your Silver Shined," just one of the beautiful love poems to life that appear on this beautiful album. If you like it, just know that the music is at least as good.Back home I've got a couple friendsWe drink together on the weekendsWe keep our nails trimmed and fingers tough.I've got a felt hat collection,A dresser drawer to put my pants in.What, oh, what more could a woman want?I want an overhaul for my guitar,A clawfoot tub and a shiny car.Piles of fruit and a fully stocked bar.Money for a flight out west,I want cute shoes and a vintage dress,New houses for all my relatives!I want to land in a tugging hand:A youthful band with a youthful plan.I want to wait and take my time,All my time, and keep my silver shined.
A unique twist for western swing kings The Light Crust Doughboys, this concept, theme album show off their chops in a variety of piano and guitar-led vocals and instrumentals. Also featuring the 'Boys good friend, Nokie Edwards of The Ventures, this fabulous album sets the standard for classic guitar and piano playing representing the very best in this genre of country, folk, Texas-style music. The glory days of RCA, Elvis, Chet Atkins, Jim Reeves don't have anything over this fine release which features Americana sounds like you long to hear again. Evidently, this album also celebrates the sounds of the particular instruments played by The Light Crust Doughboys, their own signature line of guitars, basses and pianos. Expertly produced and recorded. An essential album for students and fans of piano, electric and acoustic guitar.
This album is wonderful!  It has something for everyone!From the beautiful sounds of the piano solos like &#34;Variations of Chopin's Melody of Love.&#34;  To the classic country pep from Hall of Famer, The Light Crust Doughboys with &#34;Spaghetti Rag.&#34;  And the cool grooves of gospel originals created by Grammy Winner, Art Greenhaw.  &#34;Gospel Woman&#34; is a unique view of the best qualities found in true spiritual women.
Here's a chance to get a good representation of the work of Bill Carlise.  He was a great showman and entertainer. These are the originals with his hits of "Is that you Myrtle, No help wanted and of course "Too old to cut the mustard".  Download a copy and enjoy an Opry legend.
This compilation highlights the musical contributions of a pioneer in country music.  In today's world of superstars many country fans forget the greats who brought us good old-fashioned humor, devotion, and inspiring country music.  No collection of classic country should be without this memorable collection of songs.
A fabulous collection of golden age and silver age Doughboys music, this retrospective progresses from the band's innovative 1940s cowboy jazz period to their Grammy-Winning present era. An incredible variety of roots and Americana music, you see why the Doughboys are so loved by country and gospel fans alike. Unlike some western swing giants who have recorded and played basically for their fellow "musicians", the Doughboys have always recorded for the "people" and this is folk music, "the people's music", at its best and most authentic. Hear how African-American, old time fiddle, cowboy hymns, dixieland, country blues and dixieland come together to exemplify the institution known as The Light Crust Doughboys. This album is a must for students of Texas and American music and is a fabulous overview of 75 years of Doughboys' sounds--with the sounds on this album slanted toward their gospel and their traditional side. What other country  band in the world has performed and adapted and re-invented itself continuously from 1931 through the 21st century?
This Cd by the hit crew shania twain country tribute sings so lovely on from this moment on. If you want to be a shania fan buy country tribute to shania twain. Pop/rock on fest la vie is so wonderful.
I was looking for &#34;mingling&#34; music for a outdoor party with a western theme.  This cd is perfect as it has all the country classics, the tempo, is perfect, not too rock n roll, not too slow and boring.  Just perfect background music.  I highly recommend for that important white noise you need at a party, or turn up the volume for danceable music.
Another reason I love him so much, besides the fact that he's  my blood brother, is that his songs are in every way--music, lyrics, instruments, sound balance--original, profound with touchesofWit to make you smile,  and wisdom making &#34;over and over&#34; better and better and better listening as he poors out his from-the-heart lo ve for  Jesus.  He is reverent and fun!
Little Anthony and the Imperials were a doo-wop and soul group from the 50's and 60's and made their mark on RnB with trademark jams like "Tears On My Pillow."  That jam is one of my favorite soul jams of all time.  I love the true depth and emotion behind the tenor vocals.  It is also the perfect slower jam to cruise to in an old-school whip.  The harmony is awesome; what an alternative to the shallow club, "shake it girl, bump n grind" type of stuff on the radio today.  "Two People In The World" does the same thing for me.  The 2 jams were released around 1958-59, when doo-wop was at the peak of popularity.  A couple other jams here have a more upbeat vibe like the rock infused "I'm Alright" and the pop inflected "Shimmy Shimmy Ko-Ko-Bop," but for the most part, this collection shows their soulful side with emotionally drenched doo-wop jams perfect for complementing your love life, either the happy or heartbroken side of it.  I have an interesting side note, as a big fan of the Delfonics, a Philly Soul group from the late 60's thru the mid-70's,  the lead tenor and song writer William Hart was heavily influenced by and grew up listening to Little Anthony and the Imperials.  That is probably why there is the influence of doo-wop harmony in the Delfonics' early songs.  You can access that info on any reliable website or getting a greatest hits of the Delfonics with liner notes.
Wow! I found another album by these great guys. (Rusty York & The Kentucky Mountian Boys) This album comes with 28 stellar performances and this one is every bit as good as the first one I bought. Hope to hear more from them in the future.
I have always been a big fan to begin with and this CD along with all of the others brings me joy whenever I give it a listen.
I bought this album back in the early 80s and still have it on vinyl.  There was a time when this album, for me at least, had 5 stars written all over it.  Time has passed and it may be that it is just more nostalgic for me, but I still give it five stars.  To be honest, I never thought I would see the day when I could find this album on CD.  The Amazon idea and results are amazing.  As for the CD, it carries that late 70s early 80s Austin sound.  Kind of country.  Kind of folk.  A little rock and roll.  The harmonizing is very good and that is almost a lost art these days.  Sort of like Simon and Garfunkel if they were from Texas instead of New York.  My kids (all early 20 somethings) roll their eyes at some of the songs because they do sound a bit outdated, but Deep in the West, Songs on the Radio and You got a Lover could have been released yesterday.
Shake is great.  Beautiful lyrics, beautifully performed.  The music takes me back to a time and place in Texas.  Shake is deservedly an icon.
All "greatest hits" collections disappoint ardent fans by leaving off some of their favorite songs. In this case, I would only have included 3 of these 5 songs if I were doing my personal "Hi-Five". "Tonight I Think I'm Gonna Go Downtown" was included on his first Elektra album in 1991 that was part of the American Explorer series highlighting under-appreciated artists, and is a really beautiful song highlighting his unusually beautiful, rather nasal voice. "Reunion" is a wonderful duet with Lucinda Williams, and "Brave Newer World" is another beautiful, self-written song. It's unfortunate that the other two songs weren't selected from among any of the following songs that can be found on his various albums: "Dallas", "Headed For a Fall", "Just a Wave, Not the Water", "Another Colorado", "Don't Be Stranger to Your Heart", "One Endless Night", or especially "Your Love is My Rest", with its beautiful lyric "I stand in the land of Custer's Last Stand and I grin; So this is where Old Yellow Hair's ghost dance begins". I could list many more great songs. JDG is a great artist and, from what I've seen at the two concerts of his that I attended, a wonderful person. I remember him talking with fans after his show, having his picture taken, signing autographs, and generally just being very generous with his time.Despite the caveat stated above, this introductory sampler is HIGHLY recommended.
John Michael Montgomery "(born January 20, 1965, in Danville, Kentucky) is an American country music artist." And wow, can John Michael perform! His voice is easy on the ear yet strong at the same time; and that's pretty impressive. His more than 30 singles on the country charts shouldn't be surprising when you hear him perform; these tracks showcase his talent quite nicely. True, this is a rather brief sampling of John Michael's artistry but it makes a fine starting place for newcomers just discovering his work. Of course, if his fans lack any of these songs they can download them here; the sound quality is excellent."Life's a Dance" from Montgomery's debut album is an excellent country ballad that has music fitting in perfectly with his vocals. John Michael never lets go of a superfluous note, either! "Sold (The Grundy County Auction Incident)" was Billboard's number 1 country song of the year for 1995; John Michael does this with style! He handles complex tempo and key changes like a pro as well. "I Love the Way You Love Me" is poignant and quite memorable; this number also reached the top of the Billboard country chart! "Friends" from Montgomery's album "What I Do the Best" is equally well done and the track set ends with John Michael Montgomery performing yet another number 1 country chart hit, "Be My Baby Tonight."John Michael Montgomery is clearly a most talented man; and with any luck he'll share his music with us for many, many years to come! I highly recommend his music.
Live it up w/ The Whipsaws, you will not be let down.Simply great tunes...buy it now...don't wait!!
The neighbors may be getting tired of me playing 60 Watt Avenue, but I just can't get enough.  Neil Young is well honored and reflected in this recording, but The Whipsaws do it their way which is refreshing, new and thoroughly engaging. What will they do next?! I'll be waiting to hear and own it too.  Great band!
I've always enjoyed Edwards' distinctive vocals.
I was privileged to hear Cori recently in acoustic format (just her and her guitar and a microphone) and meet her in person. What a warm, sincere, friendly person. If you like heartfelt, upbeat folk music, hers is among the best. She has a wonderful, pure voice and sings and writes from the heart and from her personal experiences. I haven't heard her Christmas album yet, but my family tells me it is deeply touching. I would heartily recommend any of her albums to anyone who'd like to be transported back to heartwarming life experiences. Listening to Cori sing is a mesmerizing, wonderful experience.
I have fallen in love with this album.  Jim Boyd and Sherman Alexie co-wrote these songs, and made an incredibly insightful contribution to the understanding of Native experience.  The music is part blues, part traditional native and part ballad.
I don't really need at least 20 words! the tunes were awesome in the 90's and they still are awesome.  Sound just as good live!!! happy I found the download.
The music comes from the heart. This guy is probably one of the most talented artists I have heard in a while. Definitely worth a listen and a buy. Do yourself a favor and get this album if you love music from the soul. It definitely spoke to me.
Jill Jackson has an incredible voice!! I'm looking forward to more from this artist and I'll be watching for her next tour of the US.
What a fun CD.  A real toe tapper. Thanks for this great , unique music. Looking forward to the next one.
A fantastic recording with a great mixture of Bluegrass and Celtic-sounding tunes that are sure to put a smile on your face and give your foot a jaunty tap.
Clay Walker (born Ernest Clayton "Clay" Walker, Jr., August 19, 1969) "is an American country music artist." Moreover, he's one of the best out there! His voice is strong yet easy on the ear and his keen sense of timing enhances everything he performs. True, this track set is rather brief but it makes a good introduction to Clay Walker for newcomers just discovering his artistry. In addition, the sound quality is excellent."Dreaming with My Eyes Wide Open," a number 1 hit for Clay Walker, starts the track set and Clay never sounded better! This is fine country music that will stand the test of time. "If I Could Make a Living" is yet another gem; this is a great love song that Clay aces as effortlessly as if it were mere breathing. Of course, it really wasn't all that easy--Clay's talent carries him through every time. "This Woman and This Man" impresses me; it was another number 1 hit for Clay and just one listen will tell you why! "Live Until I Die" is very well done and the track set ends with Clay Walker's poignant, 1993 debut single which proved to be a big hit, "What's It to You."Clay Walker's talent is remarkable; and with any luck he'll continue to amaze me and countless others for quite some while to come! As I write this Clay is scheduled to tour from March to October of this year--catch him in concert if you can!
Playing Time - 44:50 -- Born in Prestonsburg, Kentucky in 1932, Pete Goble left there at age sixteen for work in a Michigan steel mill. A natural songwriting talent, Pete has penned splendid songs for The Osborne Brothers, Country Gentlemen, Doyle Lawson & Quicksilver, McPeak Brothers, Shenandoah Cut-Ups, Bluegrass Cardinals, Bill Harrell, Lost and Found, IIIrd Tyme Out, Mountain Heart and many others. Goble's imagination and keen observation of people help him express feelings so precisely and clearly that we are touched and uplifted by his messages. The songs on this album are straightforward, easily understood, and simply make you feel good after hearing them. Goble once told me, "I just sing them straight. I try to tell a good story. I want to make it like you've just read a book."Pete Goble was first hooked on bluegrass when he heard Flatt and Scruggs' "Down The Road." He started writing songs in 1957 with his first few being "You'll Be a Lost Ball," "I'll Drink No More Wine," and "I'll Never Take No for an Answer." An early songwriting partnership with Bobby Osborne led to such hits as "Big Spike Hammer" and "Son of a Sawmill Man." In 1961, Pete met longtime friend and collaborator Leroy Drumm. Writing together since 1971, the team has penned such bluegrass favorites as "Georgia Girl," "Julie Ann," "I Won't Need Your Nine Pound Hammer," and "Blue Virginia Blues."In late 1986, Pete Goble and Bill Emerson released a highly-acclaimed album entitled "Tennessee 1949" (Webco WLPS-O123). They followed that with "Dixie In My Eye" (Webco WLPS-0128) in 1989. Now retired and with the four children out on their own, there's more time for songwriting, performing, and just "living on the farm." While loving Michigan, Pete's memories of Kentucky show up in his songs. As the album's title cut (inspired by Bill Monroe's 1958 Decca LP) exclaims, "Any part of ol' Kentucky is home sweet home to me. Knee deep in bluegrass is where I'm gonna be." Even Pete's publishing company, Brandykeg, is named after his "little place in Kentucky...just a mailing address, you might say."Pete Goble's songs are sincere, honest and unpretentious. "I guess we have to be dreamers to some extent, but I must say that it helps when you've lived the song, and believe me, I have lived some of the songs we've written about," offers Pete. "A successful songwriter can recognize another's hurt and write about it. You can take a common subject, love for example, and write about it a little differently than anyone else. There are many ways to explain love but no sure way."Songsmith Goble describes the pain, misery and hurt of lost love in "The Whole World Must be Knowin'," but he also gives us plenty of advice and words of wisdom in other songs. The opening track takes a leisurely approach to presenting a warm, fulfilling tale of how to beat a broken heart. Facing the realities of lost love and getting over heartache are central to "Janie's Really Gone," "Lesson in Love," "Roses Remind Me of You" and "What About Tomorrow.""Highlander's Farewell," "Call of the Whippoorwill," and "Too Close to the Flame" provide us with some insights about love whether they be a soldier's parting words, a forlorn ballad of scandal and murder, or a new lesson learned. For a funny take on that familiar subject, listen to "Lovin' Ain't Been Easy on my Mind."Over the years, Goble has shown an affinity for songs about hobos and rambling, and "Born to be a Drifter" is a wistful variation on the theme. "It's Too Late Now" is a nostalgic treatise about mistakes made in life. Even though a musician has to pay his dues on the road, Pete says "Thank God for the Highways" that lead back home.Emphasizing true feeling and emotion, the songs on this album present concepts and themes that people can relate to. In addition to his masterful songwriting, Pete Goble is a solid bluegrass guitarist and singer. A truly touching experience, his music conveys warmth, encouragement and optimism. His songs are subtle yet respectful. They offer a little something for everyone. Pete Goble has some ambitious future plans that call for recording additional albums and touring with his band, Jubilee Road. (Joe Ross, Oregon)
I really enjoyed this cd very much... I actually searched out all the different CD's of hers that I could find and bought them.
Wil Maring represents the best of the quintessential singer/songwriter. If you enjoy exquisite instrumental picking and playing that accompanies soulful songs sweetly sung with passion, then you need to own this album. As with any art worth appreciating, you will find repeated listening unveils new levels of nuance, meaning and musical artistry. As the saying goes, "It is the gift that keeps on giving." This music does not so much represent an era, it could have heard and loved decades ago and it is still fresh and rewarding today. If I were to give it a word, it would be "Americana." Just give me a front porch with a rocker and a swing, a jar of lemonade and an ample serving Wil Maring's musical magic to take me to a peaceful place in my mind and heart.I got to meet Wil when she called for tech help at my company. Our conversation led me to start my collection of her work here. It will be the first of many. I can't wait for a chance to hear her play live. She has a compelling and intimate vocal style that is the perfect accompaniment to her straight-from-the-heart lyrics and the elegantly timeless melodies of her songs. Wil surrounds herself with topnotch acoustic players whose artful touches produce a most satisfying result... except that when its over, you find yourself pleased for the taking, but wanting more.
Green Hill Music has compiled an outstanding variety of great instrumental music that makes a perfect background for just about any setting. I use all of their country, country mountain, bluegrass, western swing etc. in my retail farmstore. The customers love it and it sure beats the radio. All of the songs covered are original arrangements with the best nashville studio musicians laying down the licks. This another fine offering from Jack Jezzro and I never tire of hearing these songs day in and day out all year 'round.
I've heard this artist on Sirius XM Radio, on the &#34;Escape&#34; channel which is dedicated to &#34;easy listening,&#34;  Although his subject material is country, it is instrumental country and beautiful music.
The music is just awesome!  I love this guy!  The music is so upbeat and fun to listen to!  I have it in my iPod as well as my car!  It's the best!!  The music gets me in such a great mood!!  Yeah!! David!!!
This is what David Kaemmer writes about this album:In Fiddling for Change I recorded fifty plus minutes of the crazy ideas that I hear in my head. I hope you enjoy the arrangements and the solos and can see the endless potential that resides in creating and changing music. The result is a unique expression that reflects who I am today. David KaemmerDavid Kaemmer: Fiddles, Guitar, DR-5 Bass*, DR-5 Piano, Lead Vocal, Harmony VocalsBob Nible: Upright BassAll arrangements by David KaemmerRecorded, Mixed, & Mastered at the DK Music Studio - Sierra Vista, AZCopyright David Kaemmer 2006Fiddling for Change is David's second album.David Kaemmer is currently playing with the 1-5-1 Country Band, the Busted Cowboys (western swing) and with Michael Grande. He is a champion fiddler and his first fiddle CD, Milk Cow Blues, has sold over 350 copies and received international airplay. He went to college in Nashville & got a music performance degree in jazz.
Good country music that's not really country.  This is a very talented artist.  This album I would classify as easy listening, which is my favorite genre.
I agree with the other two reviews here--this is a great Johnny Bush CD.  I feel that Johnny has recovered a lot  of his vocal range and sounds great (unfortunately, he will never sound like he did in his early career).  The song selection is good--my favorite is "Wino's Prayer".  I am a real connoisseur of sad country songs and this one is absolutely Number 1.  Do not listen to that song for the first time while driving your car--you will need to pull to the side of the road.
I found this duo by accident and I am so glad I did. If you like Emmylou singing harmony the "Oh Brother" soundtrack, you will love this. Beautiful, harmonious, lonesome sounds.
Caught David Goliath performing this album live in Port Townsend, WA around May 2005, bought the CD, and hardly listened to anything else the rest of the summer. Our family still listen to it frequently all these years later, and these renditions of popular gospel tunes have solidified our kids' love of music. These guys rank with Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder musically, and Korby Lenker's breathy voice lends itself to the redemptive power of this album. I regret that Korby Lenker veered from this bluegrass format later in his career - although I do like the outcome, I long for more of these hopeful anthems that can rekindle the spirit of a tired soul.
All her songs were familiar to me but what I appreciate is that her music is smooth and clear and the background music does not have a loud beat that overwhelms or distracts from the message in her song. And, the message in her song is uplifting and glorifying to the Lord God Almighty which is appreciated and often hard to find. I would like to see more of her music.
If you like country-western music, you'll love Sonny Burgess! He sings the songs with genuine heart - because he's a genuine kind of guy. In my opinion - the best the Fort Worth area has ever seen!
I became a fan of Tom Dundee's when he lived in Seattle in the '80s. His live performances were electric with musical genius and heart: he might do the same songs, but no two performances were ever the same! His most memorable songs are featured here: &#34;Hello My Heart&#34; and (his best-known/most covered) &#34;A Delicate Balance. PLUS $8.99 for a 35-track download is the best deal ever.Sadly, Tom died 7 years ago in a motorcycle accident. But his wonderful music lives on!
What can I say that hasn't already been said about Cyril May's "Off The Beaten Track?" Better than the Beatles' "White Album?" Certainly. No finer music will ever be made by humans? Probably.I've made several copies of this album in various formats and buried them in sturdy poly-lined stainless steel cannisters at the bottom of several different deep-earth core holes left by drilling rigs. With any hope, this priceless music will be preserved out to a time long after the humans are gone.My favorite track is "Gold Fever," of course.
Glad to have discovered this great trop rock band.  Parrot Heads will love it.  Have really enjoyed this download.  Well worth the money...
I bought this album for my wife as a gift and we both can't stop listening to it.  Incredible music, singing and lyrics.
In book #1, Haylee's Treasure, there's a page called "Seney Stretch Symphonies" that gives the young reader (yes, that's you,) a few tunes to accompany "The Drive" on M-28; since it can be dragging, especially, without good music (at least from the Bridge to Munising).The song "Shoreline" by (Daisy) May Erlewine Bernard is perfectly and uniquely, Pictured Rocks (National) Lake Shore.Who, besides me, has danced there i.e. on the shores of Pictured Rocks, or anywhere along the edges of Superior for that matter? Have you seen her dressed in red and gold? One minute, the shoreline is a woman, the next, a dance hall, then a play. This song etches your soul.  It is communal evolution; a child one minute and a lady the next. In Shoreline, Daisy May reminds us: everything will be okay, we can fail, we aren't alone, and things do workout.27 days to go...See link below:[...]Reference Links:[...]
These guys have put out a more energized collections of covers that have made the old songs sound refreshingly new.  Some songs, such as "Takin' Care of Business" and "Can't You See" are better than the originals.
if you are a fan of 70's soul,then you cannot let this one slip by! I've known about The Delfonics for years! But i didn't really get into them until the Quentin Tarantino film &#34;Jackie Brown&#34; came out! This band really jams! And with this particular CD,I have to assume it's been re-mastered,because it sounds awesome in my car!! Which shouldn't be taken for granted! i have bought CDs in the past from the 70's and they still sound like I'm using 70's speakers! But not this one! All of the bass comes through,as well as their harmony. i don't know why I chose this particular CD,but this is it!! And for this price,you can't go wrong! Buy it today!!
Enjoyed this CD from start to finish. Memories of the late 60s, early 70s sounds the soothe the soul and made you want to be in love, if not already in LOVE with someone. It was a shame that the two brothers could not get along long enough to write more classic hits.
Great great memories!I saw these guys at Gaslight Square  in St Louis ( really) in 1968. They were Platinum and Golden even then!!!
this is a bit before my time, growing up my parents played a lot of rock & pop. as a teen aerosmith and van halen were big, then came the heavy metal phase of guns n roses and metallica. (yes, my hair was BIG) Despite that being the "cool" music of the time that my friends were into, I had always secretly listened to a variety of different music (rock, pop, punk, blues, motown, you name it)  But for some reason i was relatively unexposed to the delfonics music prior to the movie jackie brown coming out. I'm so glad that it featured the delfonics music and exposed me to more of their wonderful melodies. It sparked an immediate interest in them, i went to the store & bought up what i could find.  i have since been a big fan and get excited whenever i hear one of their songs playing.  their sound is smooth and mellow yet stirring at the same time.  it settles deep into to your mind & ferments, getting better & better each year  :)
I  thought I ordered the platinum collection and I never received it, I guess it was a hot item and every one like it as well as me.
This album is truly one of a kind. It is melancholic, beautiful, and earthy. The songs have a way of embedding themselves in your head with their strong imagery and amazing instrumental composition. Mistakes I Meant To Make isn't just music-- it is art in its purest, most expressive form. I highly recommend this album.
'Seven Brides For Caramel Jack' is a suite of beautifully written acoustic pop tunes, littered with brass and strings arrangements, with a nod towards the alt.country genre. Highlights include the sublime "6:00AM", soulful keyboard driven "Temple Of Mercury", haunting "Gone To The Moon" and the achingly beautiful "Jewel".
All of the titles are classics that I can recall from years ago. A wonderful visit to days long gone. A special enjoyment was hearing &#34;The Touch Of The Master's Hand&#34;; after so many years, it still has its full impact!
Another great selection of Faron Young's music.  I have this on my Amazon Cloud where I can listen to it anytime while I am working at my computer.  Am a big fan of his and his music.  A must have for real country music fans of the classic country.
Chunky is a sincere, humble, God-/family-loving man with tons of talent.  This recording is packed with the passion he has for life, with faith and family being key themes.  He talks about the things that matter and how his life was turned around.The CD has a perfect cross-cut of fast, medium, and slow songs -- all with lots of heart and thought that went into the music and lyrics.  As a fan of Alan Jackson, George Straight, and other such biggies, I can certainly put Chunky's CD on the shelf right next to theirs because he has earned that spot.  This recording is musically and lyrically solid, and it is guaranteed to satisfy!
I saw John Dee in Omaha just about a month before his accident and it was one of the best small venue shows I have ever seen. They know how to set up the instruments and vocals so that everything comes through clear. And you want it clear when John Dee sings.
Love this album ESP the crayola song my husband loves the telephone song...very creative writing and good voice and interesting instrumentals
Love it!  Love it! Love it!This is beautiful music!I sought out this album after hearing 'Crayola' and I was already an appreciative fan of Uncle Earl. I had expected a more old timey tone, but I got so much more.This gem has its share of fiddle and bango and the bluegrass/folk tones.  However we also get pop and jazz. And we hear horns, piano, drums etc.I have listened to this cd repeatedly and so easily because the music is eclectic yet cohesive.  In many ways this album felt like a musical diary from Kristen -- sharing love, pain, annoyances, delight and lots of very clever humor.Highly recommend!
Somehow a while back, 3 years ago maybe I owned a copy of this cd with a itsy bitsy spider bonus track and loved it!  We have moved like a million times and must have lost it or loaned it out anyways tonight fearless heart popped into my head (3 years later) lol! So good and at 8 bucks it's a steal!  Fun wholesome moving music!
If you're tired of over-produced, overwrought celebrity Christmas albums, this is the perfect antidote. Nancy's voice is just plain good, lovely to listen to, easy to sing along with. There are several excellent original songs on this album--I usually don't care for anything beyond the standards, but these are all fantastic, and touch on the religious Christmas story, which appeals to me. The instrumentation is understated and cheerful, and complements her voice well. This album is a real breath of fresh air!
I first heard Nancy sing with Peter Breinholt in 1997 and I've be anxiously waiting for more music from her ever since - it's hard to be patient. This album really brings out her lovely voice and warm guitar. I love it! I even gave the album to 11 of my friends and family members this year so they can enjoy it, too. Everyone has loved it and been playing it non-stop. It's a winner!Though I love all the songs on the CD, my two favorite are Nancy's original songs All Wrapped Up and Santa is Coming. I know people just like she describes in the first song, and the second is so adorable it makes me want to have kids so I can sing it to them. It's the first CD in my Christmas music rotation and often gets the rewind button before I get to the next CD. Order it, you'll love it!
She has a voice that's really pleasant and the melodies are great. Just simple, stripped down Christmas songs that feel warm and homey. Nice country folk sound. If you want to download a song first before you commit to the whole album, try "Little Road to Bethlehem".
Just saw these women live on a cruise. They are STILL fabulous after all these years. Hard to listen, tho. We're all, and they're, aging.
I love this song. It speaks to the heart of dog lovers and pit bull parents across the world! Buy it!
awesome! I love listening to someone who is new! This guy is awesome! I highly recommend to anyone who wants to hear someone different!
Eric Horner is an incredibly gifted performer.  He loves God, Our Country and cares about our troops.  He used to play in Lee Greenwood's band.  Apparently hearing "God Bless The U.S.A." many times got to him and he devoted himself to singing uplifting songs about God , our country and troops.  Check out his site as well: [...].
I have several of Eric's CD and have thoroughly enjoyed his music.  There is no one else that is promoting patriotism through music like Eric has done and is doing.  He has been a blessing to our troops and all others who have been privileged to be in one of his concerts.  You will enjoy this CD or any of the others that you choose to buy.  God bless Eric for all that he is doing.
I just got back from a trip to New Orleans and wanted a CD that I could kick back and relax to that would remind me of the sounds and flavors that I experienced on the trip. This CD is perfect for that.
I've heard the other Frizzell Brothers and their country songs and enjoyed them so decided to give Allen a chance and he is now my favorite because his songs have a message I can understand and make an impact on my life.
I have both the "Little Bit of Lefty in Me" and the "I'm Just a Nobody" CD's.  For the true Lefty fan, Allen does a great job paying tribute to his older brother. I really enjoyed his southern gospel stylings and the message of his songs.  I highly recommend all of Allen's music.
This an awesome album.  I was introduced to this band after finding out they were briefly touring with The Dear Hunter (unfortunately not in my town).  One can't help but be reminded of an indie rock version of The Beatles when listennig to Kay Kay but their music goes so much further with originality.  Their standout trackings include Hey Momma, Birds (On A Day Like Today), Bowie The Desert Pea, Bloodstone Goddess, Cloud Country, and Night Of The Star Child's Funk.  I suspect you'll be hearing a lot more from this band in the future.  I already can't wait for their next album!
Kay Kay and His Weathered Underground seem to jump genres multiple times within any given song.  However, I wouldn't call them genre-confused.  Vaudevillian would be more accurate.  And it's genius.  You need to hear this album.
I stumbled upon Kay Kay and His Weathered Underground at Sasquatch '08 and have been trying to find their music ever since. if you want to sample them look up their live performance of Hey Momma' on youtube. if you like it then by all mean get your hands on this album.they are uniquely instrumented, beautifully blended, different music for someone bored with the usual mainstream garbage that plagues the radio airwaves all too often.highly recommended
I have enjoyed Gerri's music for more than 25 years. I'm happy that some of the songs from her early years which only used to be available on cassettes (like Angel Band) are now available in MP3 format. But her originals are the best. Hills of Kentucky always makes me homesick even though I didn't grow up there, as does Wings of a Song. And the Hunting Song is the best anthem to vegetarianism because it's FUNNY, not browbeating.  Download the whole album...you won't be disappointed.
You know when your hooked on a "nice feel". This is it. There's a lot of Country music albums out there and there's a lot of blues albums too - and i love em cause i love Roots music. Kevin mixes them both up into a concoction that is simply "groovy and grooving". The music is smooth and flows right over you - the songs are mellow and moving. It's well produced music that is not over produced either. To think that I am writing the first review is a phenomenal thought in my mind and that it's 7 years since it was released. There are a lot of commercial artists that would just love to get to this level of craft. You can't fake this stuff - this guy has it in his bones. I would not hesitate getting this. What's my recommendation? Well - buy this CD's, put it into your car and go on a road trip.
He's no stranger to music and odds are, if you're a fan of real country music(Cash, Willie, all 3 Hanks, Waylon & Shooter Jennings, etc) you'll be  an instant fan of this album.Together, with his first album, "All Likkerd Up" you've got a combo of amazing songs from start to finish!It's always a treat to hear a new song by Roger Alan Wade, I've turned many of my friends onto his music, and suggest anyone who reads this, turn yourself onto too!
Roger Alan's Wade's previous effort, ALL LIKKERED UP, was a grab-bag of goodies: some hilarious songs, some truly poetic gems.  STONED TRAVELER contains more of the latter; people looking for laugh-out-loud numbers will find only a couple: "D.R.U.N.K." and "A Sioux Named Boy", the latter of which even Wade himself declares, "That sucked!" (He's a little hard on himself, but yeah, it's not up to par.)The rest of STONED TRAVELER features some of the most honest, brilliant songwriting you've heard in quite a while.  The title track is perhaps the best outlaw spiritual in recent years; "The First Time I Saw Waylon" is just incredible; "Brainerd Road" channels Springsteen; "Wreckless Kind" is an outlaw anthem in the traditional vein.  Wade attacks the less-glamerous side of life: "Bear Loves Honey" and "Cars & Guns" are both odes to a life unfulfilled (one optimistic, the other not so much); the theme recurs elsewhere, and is a haunting reminder of the dreams that go by the wayside during life.  The album as a whole comes off oddly depressing.  I mean that as a compliment, of course; Roger Alan Wade is one of the preiminent songwriters on the country scene today.  Accompanied by just his rough baritone and his acoustic guitar (with occasional input from the friends and family gathered in the studio with him), he paints a tapestry of lyric and melody that is intoxicating.  Fans of ALL LIKKERED UP might hesitate at first (there's no "Butt Ugly Slut" here, for example), but that's okay; this is one of the deepest, most reflective country albums to come out in a while.  It is a true treasure, one that will unfortunately go under the radar.  That's just as well; a guy like Wade isn't about to measure success in dollars earned, anyways.
If you like good ol' country music then you need this album. Finally some good country music thats not that pop music they call country. I have been playing this album since the day I bought it which was about 3 weeks ago. Brainerd Road is one of my favorite songs along with Cars and Guns and That's The Blues. I have recommended this album to everyone I know and I diffenetly give this album 5 stars. Thanks for such a great album Roger. Oh and I love Sioux Named Boy thats Great! haha.
In honor of the title of this album I sat down one night turned down the lights and set the mood. Normally I will get distracted and start reading something but tonight I spent 46 minutes listening to my new favorite album. Roger Alan Wade doesn't just imitate the greats he stands out.
The lyrics in these songs are incredible.  The music is fairly unremarkable.  Still, the end result is a highly-engaging, soulful work that represents a true perspective on the world.
I had never heard Roger Alan Wade before. Never even heard OF him. But Amazon stuck this in my suggestions list after I bought a John Haitt album and they were spot on. Lyrics are haunting and so is his voice
One hell of a singer/ song writer, this man uses words like Picasso used brush strokes. You can feel his emotions in his words.
After hearing Roger's &#34;All Liguored Up&#34; Album, I kind of expected something of the same, a funny collection of explicit songs.  I was pleasantly surprised at the collection on &#34;Stoned Traveler&#34;.  As one of the other people who left comments said, &#34;it's one of those albums that you can sit back with a beer, turn off the lights, and completely enjoy for the next 45 or 50 minutes&#34;  Thanks, Roger!
Excellent buy!!! Great songs and guitar is by far some of the best ever!! If you like Johnny Cash then here you go!!!
The first time I saw Waylon & Brainerd Rd. are two of my favorite &#34;alt country&#34; songs period.Springsteen meets William Faulkner and I mean that with all respect.Pure writing,no flashy production or stunt musicians needed.
I can't say enough about this album. One man and his resonator brass body guitar. Just as real as country music gets. I looked high and low to find an actual copy of this CD and couldnt so I had to settle for Amazons MP3. Stand out tracks are DRUNK, Stoned Traveler and First time I saw Waylon. But all of the tracks are great.
My goodness.  I was expecting another "Likkered Up", a well-written "comedy"-ish album with a smattering of serious gems, but...wow.  This blew me away.  R.A.W. obviously has some serious songwriting talent, which is evident in even the silliest of his songs, but he ain't messing around this time.  From beginning to end (well maybe until one song from the end at any rate) this is one of the hands-down best albums of any genre that I have heard in quite a while.  Beautiful work.  The standouts in my eyes would be "Will You Think Of Me", "The First Time I Saw Waylon", "Stoned Traveler" and "The Wreckless Kind", but it's honestly hard to pick favorites.  It's all so freaking good.  Hats off to you, Mr. Wade, this album should be considered among the greats.
&#34;Strong Hands&#34; is my personal favorite of this artist's three albums, I love every song on the list! Judith Avers is just a girl and her guitar at heart and is an intuitive songwriter, so her music is lyrical and smart and real without being &#34;heavy.&#34;  Her voice is her best instrument and she makes clever use of her words and lilt, there is nothing to not love about this album!
I purchased this album last year and I usually shuffle all of my 11000+ songs on my IPod and it happens time and again that whenever one of these tracks come up I find myself thinking "Wow - That was a great song by Chet" and then when I look at my IPod I see that it's Richard Hudson. Amazing finger work, just like Chet!
There is so much to this music, it really exists on several different planes of resonance. For me, William Basinski is one of those artists whose music moves right in and offers to guide you to places inside that may surprise and delight you, may give you new insights, or may just drift by slightly in pleasant ways.If you preview this, you'll have the sense of what you're getting into. I would say that you're really just getting a glimpse of what lies ahead, but certainly you can adjust your musical expectations and arrive at the right mental frequency to begin to fully appreciate what Mr. Basinski does with his loop based compositions.For as much music as I listen to and enjoy, over several decades I've only been affected to the depth that this music can take you took and that's with William Basinski and Steve Roach. On one level, they both offer &#34;deep space exploration&#34; but if you give it a chance there's much more to their music than what's on the surface.This particular album &#34;El Camino Real&#34; has a theme of melancholy and introspection. At least, that's what resonates with me, but I also feel like there's a lot of hope embedded in the music. It also gives me a sense of very open space.My belief is this music ultimately provides a very personal experience that may vary among listeners. I do know that with my modest William Basinski collection that each offers guidance to a different space, and as the best of albums tend to do, they've become good friends that I can rely on when I have need for a musical interlude or illumination.I'd also highly recommend &#34;Vivian and Ondine&#34;, that's a very special album.I wish you well on the journey that William Basinski offers you.
I grew up in L.A. not really having much of a taste for country music. Truth be told, I hated it. I heard Allen Shamblin play live a few months back and absolutely LOVED his music.  He typically writes for well known artists and you can clearly discern what's his because of the emotion it evokes.  I love his music because it not only has a great melody but has messages from the heart.  Check it out, you WON'T be disapointed!
I downloaded the album this morning and was absolutely delighted with the music content, melody and rich soulful voice recording.His songs have great purpose and with every note, one can pick up the heart and soul of the singer. Absolutely pleased and look forward with great anticipation for Allen Shamblins next release.MJB, Frisco, TX
I really enjoy the songs of A. S.  --  they are his, but he brings them to life for me!  Great stories, melodies, also, touching and entertaining...he is a most gifted writer/entertainer.  Sheila in Wisconsin.
I listen to this cd over and over again! The ability of the musicians are fantastic. I think they can hold their own against any bluegrass ensemble. My favorite number is track 11. It starts out with a  kind  nice pattern or rhythm of highlighted mandolin, guitar and fiddle then starts to build to a rapid bluegrass jam and then BAM you have banjo, bass and fully realized mountain of music.These fellows are even better LIVE and should be regulars on the Crooked Road!Just Awesome
I picked up a copy  of this CD at Crazy Horse after the summer blast show in 2013. I was impressed by the voice of Jim Young and by the songs themselves."They Cut Their Names in Stone" always makes me cry, it brings up memories of visiting the Viet Nam Wall and searching for the names of fallen family and friends.I can't wait to acquire the rest of his works. And hopefully to hear him live in the future.
I grew up on the Rosebud Reservation in South Dakota. (I think Jim is from Pine Ridge) this album is a great mix of English and Lakota Sioux classic country music. Jim has a great voice. If you want a unique listening experience This album is highly recommended. The Mixing is pretty good too. I certainly rate this music five stars. Waiting for more Music!!! And more stories set to music
BJ's distinctive vocals and upbeat rendering of some old Country Gospel favorites will surprise and delight even Country Gospel skeptics. His charismatic personality is reflected in his one-of-a-kind voice. The accompanying studio players are some of the best on the planet with incredible performances from fiddle player, Aubrey Haynie. A top notch album that will get your feet tapping and put a smile on your face. Has overtones of Western Swing.
I didn't know what to think when I bought this CD, but I am always up for something unique, so I tried it.  HILARIOUS!  These songs are all "by" people who knew him before he was a thug.  His "Mom's" song is a hoot, and among my favorites, along with his psychiatrist (hysterical), his college roommate, etc.This is a one-of-a-kind album that has to be heard to realize how great it actually is. There are many ways to fight terror - these people have done it with their songwriting pens!
What a fabulous collection of music! Every song on this album is viable on it's own merits. Duke Dewey, the band's drummer, siad to me, &#34;There is a very funny story behind this album.&#34; But, as yet he has not old it to me.  Be sure to buy this album as it will be a wonderful addition to your collection.
I had known Terry for over two decades before he passed away. So this is a biased review. I knew the man as well as his music. This album is a compilation of songs from several previous albums. If you like old style country music with a little western swing thrown in you will like his stuff.
Wow! Erin has a beautiful voice. The music is heartfelt, stirring, and proportional. It has a good mix of instruments. It does sort of remind me of CSNY and Joni. 'Unfounded' reminds me of something I can't quite put my finger on, and it remains my favorite track on this album.  Why did I not discover this earlier?
I highly recommend this album!  It has the old Hank Williams sound with something for the modern listener too.  Give it a listen and you'll be hooked.
This is a great album!  They do sound a lot like Hank Iii and Wayne Hancock...with a twist.  Odds are, you won't need to be smokin' anything to enjoy this album (but you probably will be, and this can be the soundtrack.)
This is a great cd. They are really good musicians and the music is fun and lively. Everything L'Angelus does is really high quality. I don't know why they aren't wellknown. They are one of the best bands I have ever heard
This is true Cajun music.  L'Angelus is a very talented group!  They take turns singing lead and backup and they all sing exceptionally well!  Steven is an exceptional fiddler!  I highly recommend this CD and all their others as well!
I grew up in South Lousiana and moved away for college and career.  The longer I am away, the more I miss it.  This band, in one perfect bundle, encompasses EVERYTHING I love about Louisiana. I never did care for pure cajun music, but their version really resonates with me and makes me more homesick. :-)You must check out ALL their CDs.Each one is amazing.  Their Christmas CD is my new all-time favorite Christmas recording!
Heard these guys live at Rock n Bowl in New Orleans last Saturday, and had to get the album. Lively party music it's great.
I saw this band in Wi. They are awesome If you like Cajon, Rock, Blues. This is great. If I could I will see them again if I have the chance
Lisa Layne is one of the most unappreciated artists of all time.  Her voice is a little like Patsy Cline, however, as much as I liked Patsy Cline, I like Lisa Layne's voice better.
I have always enjoyed folky ballad type of music.  It doesn't get much better unless you get both albums byCharlotte Kendrick.  I hope she does another one.
formerly lived in New Mexico and his music brings back memories i am glad to have  found again.  definitely one for those who like the southwest sound and a little bit more here and there.
Bobbie Shoemake's album,  &#34;He'll Be Enough&#34; is a true blessing and ministry to the heart and soul!  I can't wait until she produces another album!Pastor Robby Combs
One of my favorite bands is The Buttless Chaps. This is their great debut album. I love to listen to this while wearing my fringed Buttless Chaps around the house (Tough 1 Western Fringed ChapsThis band's music comes at you from all directions, including the rear. I was blindsided by this record when I first heard it. Its time for everyone to get behind this great band, and really gave them a nice slap on the rear for a job well done!
I originally bought this for the version of Norwegian Wood, which I heard on our local public radio station.  Now I listen to the whole album all the time.  Highly recommended!
great tune 'I'm Not a Patient Man' - lyrics vocals and guitar.  John Prine would be proud!  I keep coming back to this song on my Ipod over the years, and finally have to look it up and buy the whole album!
BRILLIANT, how to capture grief, despaire, disquiet.&#34;My sweet darling&#34; is my love song to my old hound.  But all the other songs are brilliant too.  Not party music :-)
I absolutely love these guys! You'll find yourself playing these songs over and over again. Jim Dalton has a voice that will melt your bones!  And Johnny Hickman singing Long Tall Pine Tree makes me warm all over. I can't wait to see what they come up with on Volume 2!
This is a fun, wonderful collection. A must-have for any Cracker fan, or anyone who likes good music. Same goes for Volume 2
If you like outlaw country or just like good music, give these guys a try.  Jim Dalton's voice is one of the best I've ever heard.  Never get tired of any of the music he does.
"Volume I" is six songs of vivid storytelling over mostly just two acoustic guitars. There's a mournful air throughout the songs, with the mood intensified by the beautiful, melodic vocals of Jim Dalton and Johnny Hickman. "Old Border Town" and "Mexican Jail" give us a little something different with a musically Mexican flair, and the sadness of "Whiskey Rain" is accented by a lonely harmonica. This album is a masterpiece from start to end.
Outlaw Country? Outlaw Rock? Desperado concept album? I can't tell you what it is, but I can tell you that I like it!From the opening saga of "My Name is Dalton" to the heartrending "Justin O. Picker" this album tears through it's six tracks with tales of hard drinking, hard riding, and life on the run. The guitar playing and singing are masterful, and the lyrics infectious. This is one album you'll have on repeat for weeks!
I have to say that I have been fortunate to have already seen The Hickman-Dalton Gang live, so needless to say when I saw this album come out I knew I needed to have it.  I was not disappointed one bit!  The album captures the brilliant writing & musicianship  of  Jim Dalton & Johnny Hickman (not to mention both are genuinely cool guys to meet).  The writing/songs/stories are so enjoyable that its hard to press the stop button on the album.  Buy the album and just press Play (you won't be disappointed).  For anyone who has enjoyed Cracker, The Railbenders, Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers, or even some traditional Country music (a la Johnny Cash or Waylon Jennings) then I would highly recommend grabbing this album.
This team up between rock god Johnny Hickman, one of the best lead guitar players in the record industry and Jim Dalton's booming country style bartone voice create a classic album. Sadly there is only 6 songs on this album but everyone is 10 in my book. Hickman's Old Boarder Town with its Mexican styled music and his sad tale about a dying man, Long Tall Pine Tree, are some of the highlites of this album. Dalton tunes, My Name is Dalton and Justin O Picker will leave you wanting more. A must have album if your a fan of either the Railbenders (Dalton's Band) or Cracker (Hickman's Band) or if you just like rock-a-billy music. (its not country, its not rock, its rock a billy!)
Masterfully written and recorded songs that you won't be able to turn off.  Jim's vocals are smooth and deep with a full tone that goes down hot.  Johnny's vocals are equally impressive with a smooth and dry, yet biting tone that will have you feeling like you're in The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly.  Either way, you'll find yourself hitting the repeat button over and over.  The music is primal, and the lyrics are addicting.  Western-outlaw-mariachi-country? It truly is an original.  Buy it!  You'll love it.  Can't wait for more from these guys!
This CD gives respect to the way country western music was written and performed in the past. It has that "classic style" about it. Johnny Hickman and Jim Dalton singing stories that are sincere, mischevious, and sometimes even sinister. Its a must if you long for that traditional country western sound.
ALL the albums are good. Each song takes you on a journey to somewhere we have all been! Keep 'em coming David. (-:
Outstanding debut album from one of southwest Virginia's hidden gems.  McMurray blends traditional folk and old time bluegrass with sparks of Zepplin-like blues and Pink Floyd acoustics for a sound that is truly unique and organic.
I loved this album. It seems like all the songs bring me somewhere with each a unique sound and rhythm.
If Hank Williams were a girl she'd probably be Izzy Cox. Izzy's even toured with Hank III, so it's not far off. Highly recommended for fans of the devil's music.
I happened upon this CD and was blown away by Laura's voice.  As a long time fan of Nanci Griffith, I could not help but notice similarities in their voices and vocal phrasings. Laura and her songs would feel right at home in Nanci's "Other Rooms, Other Voices" sessions.  Anyway, I have since purchased 3 more of Laura's CDs.  Love them all!
I don't know how many of you remember when country music was real and down to earth, before it became "pop" and overly-produced.  The music on this album is the kind my parents listened to.  They were country folk who moved to the city and missed the real, old timey music.  If you love authentic American honky tonk, or folk-type music, this is the album for you.  The singers are excellent, with natural voices whose emotions are beautifully expressed in each song.
I discovered Nick Rose via Instant Star, and I liked his voice (and cowboy hat!), so I slowly purchased each song on this EP and I love it all. I'm a country girl by nature, and this is a bit more poppy, but not annoyingly so. Nick's got a wonderful voice, and I love his style. Summer Dress is often stuck in my head through last summer and early fall. definitely at least check out this EP if you're looking for new music.
Amazing. I love his style of music. It's incredibly catchy and just different from what I usually listen to but I love it. Please check him out on his myspace and his band Sweet Thing. Nick Rose has talent.
I am very privileged to get to meet Derek Webb when he visits my church later this month for an interview with me and my pastor during our church service and then a concert afterwards. In listening to Derek's entire catalog of songs I listened to Derek's newest EP called Ampersand, which he co-wrote and recorded with his wife Sandra McCracken.The best way to describe this EP is that it is an excellent relationship album. My first date with my now wife was 20 years ago and this year is our 14th wedding anniversary. The songs on this album really reflect the beauty of the husband & wife marriage relationship and celebrating God's blessings. Derek sings lead on Valentine, a beautiful love song, and also Watch Your Mouth and My Finest Misfortune.Sandra sings lead on the awesome cover of the Bob Dylan song If Not For You, and When The Summer's Gone and When The Lights Go Out, which are both wonderful love songs with tender vocals that remind me of Liz Phair or Leigh Nash. Sandra harmonizes with Derek on all of the songs. Watch Your Mouth stands out to me as my favorite song on this excellent EP.
In the couple's first offering as a musical duo, "Ampersand" fuses Derek Webb and Sandra McCracken's styles into one - and the result is exactly what you would expect from the two powerhouse singer/songwriters: a delightful, simple, honest and enchanting album.Less a collaboration of two artists and more a cohesive offering of a single sound, Webb and McCracken compliment each other perfectly with seamless transitions and flawless vocals.  Although Webb said in an interview that they had never written together before because doing so "pretty much resulted in marriage counseling," I'm glad the couple was able to overcome that obstacle to deliver this outstanding six-song EP.
Tony Lane CD is Absolutely Awesome!!!  Anyone looking for Traditional Country Music with good ol fashion stories about life, and lessions learnded, this CD can't be missed.  All the Songs are craftfully and wonderfully Written, and Sung with truth and experience.  Tony has written for Tim McGraw, and George Strait, just to name a few.  He's one of the Best Songwriters in the Business.  Pick up this CD and see how songs get there start.  Love it!!!
I have really, really enjoyed listening to the Ave Maria Mass over and over. Our Lord and our Lady deserve music of this quality; fantastic stuff. I hope he continues to write more sacred music in the future!!
It has surprised me how often I've recommended this simple album since I bought it. Normally I'm into modern Christian music, but these are so classic, and done so well that I can't resist it.
I finally gave up on finding the actual CD and so I downloaded it instead. Hooked up my speakers and then I was completely, utterly blown away. The same thing happened when I heard the duo performing live on a local radio station. I was nervous that I wouldn't like them as much with a backup band  and synthesizers, etc., but I needn't have worried. The recorded version of The Old Believers was a different experience to be sure, but equally impressive. I only hope that they release an acoustic version so that I can have both experiences at my beck and call. Hopeful, haunting, sad, sweet, a touch of twang and tinges of lush synth sounds - the kind of music that makes me stop what I'm doing to sit and dance and sway. Seriously - highly recommended!
This youthful couple from Portland, Oregon, has produced a gem of an album. There isn't a throwaway or filler song on the CD. There is an element of instant recognition when you hear them sing, particularly on the track "Granny's Song", that sounds so classic but is unlike anything you have heard before. Nelson Kempf has the soulfulness of Sam Cook and the passion of Win Butler. (Arcade Fire) The equally talented Keeley Boyle sings of love and loss so sweetly that you don't at first realize what hit you, except that it is powerful and touching. This duo is headed for great things!
I am a big fan of Ivan Mladek. In fact, I saw him live once. And the fact that the first song (Jozin Z Bazin) has become an internet meme, is, well, great. I am glad amazon is selling his CD for the people who have not even heard this guy's great music.This music is, as a matter of fact, a joke. This guy is the Czech equivalent of Weird Al Yankovic. I mean, the song "Jozin Z Bazin", is about hunting a bog monster with a cropduster. How sweet is that, eh?
My favorites are songs 4 and 6.  This is really good traditional country music from an independent label.  It appears that all the songs are originals, no covers.
Moving On is a great debut for this indie musician. Her blend of folk and coffee-house blues is a welcome change to my music library. I especially liked the songs Western Desert Sun and Lorelei.Also, if you can find her newest album The Homeplace, I highly recommend it as well. I didn't see it on Amazon, but you can find it on iTunes.
This is the epitome of the Adirondacks in song and if you cannoy understand this Album then you need a vacation. I pine for the Adirondacks, it is the one place that I feel whole and rich brings this feeling throughout Adirondack roots. The lyrics are great the feeling real and genuine,I highly reccomend this album for anyone that feels the irresistible pull of the North Country. Adirondacks I will be with you one day!
Catchy disc with some nice tunes.There are a few of these that shouldhave made it to number one.Pain as Big as Texas - need yousay more?  The biggest statein CONUS and if your pain isthis BIG you must have reallygotten hosed over.Heal your pain with this tune.This is a GREAT song....If you are going to buy one songfrom these guys, this is it!E N J O Y
If you love comedic tunes, songs with no foul language, a bit of heart, music by Billy Jim Baker fits that bill.  I've known Billy Jim for 5 years, my husband has known him for 35 years.  He began to write songs in the clown car working for Ringling Brothers & Barnum and Bailey Circus.  A member of the International Clown Hall of Fame, he's worked with Dolly Parton, had his own show both in Pigeon Forge and Chattanooga at the famous Chattanooga Choo-Choo, and now works at the Comedy Barn in Pigeon Forge, TN in two of his most popular roles, "Elwood Smooch" and "Uncle Mildew".  I've been present as he's written several of his more recent songs including a delightful Halloween ditty about witches and black cats!  I highly recommend Billy's music and urge you to see him at The Comedy Barn if you're ever in the Sevierville/Pigeon Forge/Gatlinburg, TN area!
This is one of the finest Steel Guitar players in the world. His speed picking is truly amazing!
Heather Stewart has such a sultry and inviting voice.  "Life of the Party" is worth every penny.  I watched Heather perform once in a cabaret setting and became an instant fan.
Heather Stewart is one of a kind. Her lyrics are interesting and her music is unparalleled. Her taste and style come through in a night-time style--enjoyable all day. This CD, and her other one, is fun. And intelligent.
I became aware of Heather Stewart after her boyfriend talked about her music on his show "Diggnation."I previewed a few songs, and I knew I instantly wanted to buy the entire album. I did just that.  Stewart will surprise you with the clever lyrics, peaceful sound, and overall good feel.From the album-titled track, to the up-tempo "He Loves Her," I was surprised to enjoy every song on this album, and I keep listening every day.  Well done Ms. Stewart.  I'm already looking forward to your next release.
Snag this album and you won't regret it.She's a cool breeze in August and hot chocolate in December...she'll make you smile, even if you don't want to.
This is a fun album to listen to. Great music and lyrics. Easy listening....Hope to hear more from this group.
The incredible guitar of Pete Huttlinger combined with traditional Hymns we are familiar with makes a wonderful combination. This is an extremely satisfying album.
I listened to this CD for the first time and was hooked. Powerful and anointed!! I would recommend that if you are looking for music that is enjoyable but you can also feel it... this is it!
These fiddlers set the benchmark for everyone else that competes in Texas fiddle contest.  The tunes are old standards, but the music is positively "Texas" flavored!  The entire album is pure ear candy!!!
Chris Macdonald and his album, "No Misconception," show off a collection of good old fashion Country songs that feature his deep yet velvety singing voice. "No Misconception" kicks off the album and is a faced paced Country song replete with backup singers and wonderful fiddle playing. "She Likes Spanish Guitar" is a slow moving and old-fashioned sounding Country song in which Macdonald croons about a girl he loves. "Do it, Don't Talk About it" is a quicker, fun song that features some excited piano playing and might just make one want to square dance. This is an album created for those who appreciate the timeless approach to Country music, with simpler sounds and a high level of focus on the singer's voice and what he has got to say. If you are one who appreciates that classic Country and Western sound, then "No Misconception" is an album you should own. [...]
Pat Navarre is one of the world's best guitar players! His albums are a must!
Deep Bible-based truths applied to real life situations.  Soothing sound.  Uplifting.  God glorifying.  Hope more music is forthcoming from this artist.
Discovered Capos great sound at Heron Park in Second Life. Love his songs and style. Roses everywhere is a haunting melody that stuck with me the first time I heard it! 'Till I Met You' is a great song that melts any girls heart !So pour your self into a cup (Would you Could you) and down load his music, sit back and relax with these great originals !
I first saw Ryan play in Chicago a few years back and since I moved out of the city, I have been looking for that "unknown" folk artist to discover out here in LA.  Sadly, I have yet to find an artist as charming and soothing as Ryan.  I am utterly thrilled to have found this album and love it!  He's got some great talent and this album proves it.  It's very much folk, but how much folk do you hear with a Uke?  It's great, it's new, it's VERY unique.
I have actually seen Ryan perform live at a local coffee bar in my neighborhood in Chicago.  I remember seeing him coming on stage with his yuke' and not thinking much of it at first.  But then the moment he started playing he had my full attention!  I have never seen anyone take a ukulele (uke) and make such sweet passionate original music.  I am not only talking about the nice happy sounds that usually come from a uke, either.  Ryan takes the sweet sounding uke to some bittersweet, bluesy moments that for me personally just tugged at my heart.  (Yes, I'm rough on the outside, but soft on the inside ;) ).  I don't want to over hype this album(it should speak for itself), but for me personally I think his music is awesome, and I am elated that he finally put out an album.
This guy is the BEST!!!  World's best uke/harmonica/blues artist!!!  Must have album!Way to go, son.
How would you describe a song like "in a red room"?Psychoanalist rock'n'roll?And what about the jaunty "fear of waking up"? Carver meets David Eugene Edwards?And is alcohol an outtake from "Strange Days" or just an alcoholic (...) banter?Check it out!Unconditionally guaranteed.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ON PURCHASING 'MIGHTY GOOD GOD' CD.  THIS IS THE BEST GOSPEL CD.  YOU WILL TRULY ENJOY ALL THE SONGS ON THIS CD AND TRULY BE BLESSED!!!  I TRULY AM ENJOYING ALL THE SONGS.  THE BEST CD!!!!JOANA
My family has been enjoying the REAL Christian country music, with words that are meaningful.  Would recommend this to anyone who loves country, and loves the Lord Jesus Christ!
Danny Ray hits it out of the park! He paints a musical picture of a born again believers life in this God forsaken Satanic Kingdom we will all have to live in until Jesus returns and takes possesion of his creation that he repurchased with his blood on Calvary!
Hardly noticed and thus highly underrated - this album is the best one for poetry and strange sound effects. Like Mark Twang, this album is just him and his instruments (and strange sound effects he creates and asks you to sing along with). The hit single should be &#34;Can't Stand To Throw Anything Away.&#34;  The touchingest love song with a note about current sociological issues is &#34;Interstate Waltz&#34;  and to quote a line from &#34;More Big Bull Fiddle Fun&#34; - &#34;he is a multifaceted artist with many spigots!&#34; And for your dose of strange effects, don't forget &#34;The All Collision All Explosion Song.&#34;
This is a compilation of some of her previously released songs, nearly all of which are favorites of mine. Buffalo gals is, of course, an old song and a bit of a classic. Don't Stop Lovin' Me and Last Dance are love songs. Her Melancholy Muse has a lovely melody which shows off Eliza's light and lilting voice to good advantage. But they're not all sweet and pretty songs. Rosie Strike Back is an angry song of encouragement to a woman who has been abused. Two songs about stars --- one in English and one in Spanish.I have this on CD and bought it on MP3 to take with me on long car trips. It's a sing-along kind of record.
"Here's to the Men," and indeed, all of the Merry Wives' albums, are top of my "favorites" list in Folk.Generally speaking, I'm not a fan of women's folk. The voices tend to be wispy and ethereal. Nice enough for background music, but I want folk albums that I can sing along with (or if nobody's watching, dance to), tunes that make the three-hour drive to the Renaissance Festival more tolerable.This album is singable, danceable, and drive-able. The songs are bold and energetic, fast-tempo, and completely singable. The voices are clean, good harmonies that sound artless and natural. The lyrics on this album are great fun, mostly a little on the bawdy side (Their earlier work, particularly "Now Our Revels Begin"--I think that's what it's titled--are a little more traditional, and if you only can buy one folk track this year, their version of "Those Endearing Young Charms" is a bright, sparkly gem).Next album please! I need my fix!
OK, in the interests of what they call "full disclosure," let me say that John Martucci and LuAnne Thompson (or as they've only recently become: "John AND LuAnne Martucci) are friends of mine, as is Melissa Holland.  They are wonderful people all--and they are also very talented musicians, vocalists and songwriters.  (And if I didn't honestly think so, I'd just be mum--but as it is, I am all too happy to do whatever I can to spread the word about this remarkable record.)These three artists have their own distinctive styles, but they do share a sense of whimsy that dominates several tracks.  Melissa Holland's songs are especially witty, especially "Barbie 2000," "I Can See Me," and "Who Cares (Who's Getting Married)" which seems especially timely in these post-Prop 8 days.  Her "Troubadour" is a heartfelt homage to indie musicians everywhere and opens the album with a real flourish.As a real life couple, John and LuAnne's numbers often seem seamlessly complementary.  I don't know if the sequencing of LuAnne's "Life Goes On" and John's "Gratitude" one after the other was completely intentional, but it's inspired programming nevertheless.  Both are thoughtful meditations on life, death and the meaning we impose on both.The vocals are spot on.  LuAnne's country leanings are apparent on several tracks, and her "Cabin On A Hill" would fit comfortably on any (trad) C&W; station's programming.  When the three harmonize, it's close to perfection.  Special thanks are given to legendary singer--and vocal coach--Penny Nichols, and another legendary contemporary folk singer, David Roth, guests on one track (although fans might not immediately recognize him).  It's all enhanced by Vito Petrocitto's very capable production.  Upstate NY and its environs are indeed well represented on this disc.John, LuAnne and Melissa will certainly continue to make engaging music, but this album is--at it turns out--something of a one-shot.  The trio split shortly after this CDs release.  A shame, in a way, since the vocal blend is just soooo good.  But I'll look forward to whatever these three gifted musicians come up with in the future.  For now, I'll continue to enjoy this charming, and often moving record.
Very inspiring and uplifting. Great job to a wonderful group of dedicated Christians who sing praises to our Saviour! He truly is amazing. Buy it! You will love it!
This is a great selection of relaxing, soulful music. Very uplifting, it takes you to a worry-free, imaginary place. this artist has a very beautiful voice!
I met Alan at Winfield several years ago and played to death the first 2 CD's of his.  I am so glad for the option of MP3's now  because I hope it will last forever and I play this over, and over, and over again.  Some great Americana Music with some authentic wonderful blessings.  Alan's abilities as a musician and guitar player also come across here.  Very pleased and very deserving of 5 stars.
Maybe By Midnight is a great album and is typical of Kerri Simpson's work. Varied. Can't pigeon hole her and forever interesting and highly listenable. I'd heard her other albums and was surprised at this 'country' style album and may I say it was a pleasant surprise. I've listened to this heaps of times and my only complaint is that it is shorter than I would have liked coming in around 30 minutes. But she is her own person and doesn't put out work that contains filler. Not one track on this fabulous album is a dud.
Love love this band!!!! My good friend introduced me to there music and I cant get enough! I have every album they have made and still am waiting for more!
such a good album and band. haven't gotten to see them live around Dallas yet but i plan to asap
I cannot stop listening to this CD. The music is uplifting and you cannot help feeling good after listening. I keep it in the car so I can enjoy beautiful music on the road.
Cantor Erik Contzius has captured the flavor and richness of our musical heritage. His music is wonderful and a real treat for the Jewish communities of today.
Really awesome cd!!! I listen to it in the morning.  You don't really have to understand the words to enjoy the outstanding singing and the music. The cd helps set the right tone for the entire day.  I recommend it heartily to everyone!
Saint Milkweed is a masterpiece of contemporary folk, tinged with traditional influences. I love the raw, organic nature of the recordings and the minimal sensibility. It allows the power of the songs to speak for themselves, and the songwriting is what shines here, along with the delicate guitar work. This is a strong debut, and leaves little to be desired. I recommend it if you like Iron and Wine, Jose Gonzalez, Alexi Murdoch, Paul Simon, Bob Dylan, Townes Van Zandt, Leonard Cohen, and other solo acoustic troubadours.
MR. Del go hard. Period Point Blank. This album is awesome and crunk. It makes you wanna get up and just move.
Love John Hartford.
I wish I can find Ace Cannon's &#34;Laura&#34; CD. I'll buy if anybody has one.  4 more words to post.
This Cd is a modern continuation of The Great Blind Willie johnson's Music. Rev. KM Williams updates the music without losing the original spiritual feel and intensity of the music. A modern Gospel Blues classic!
I bought this for my father, MP3, and donwloaded in seconds with my great internet connection. Made a CD in minutes, and my father loved it. Very good quality, but obviously not as good as a new record. The originals are I believe from the 1940s, so one can overlook a minimal hiss on high fidelity stereos and low volumes. No complaints here.
I love Frankie Lane and have enjoyed it immensely.
frankie laine is one of countrys best singers of all time. who can forget the title song rawhide that brought him to fame.
Really brought back the Good Old Days with the songs and music I grew up with.  Great listening driving down the highway.
Long time fan of Frankie Laine.  It is a good CD.
A very good collection of songs by Frankie Laine.  My neighbor and i were discussing singing stars of the past and she could not remember the name of the singer but said he sang one of the theme songs for a Western TV show.  For some inexplicable reason, I remembered his name and my neighbor and I went on and found we had very similar tastes in &#34;old&#34; music&#34;  So, I went to Amazon and found this CD and bought two, one for her and one for me.  Great listening music and very nostalgic.
Rawhide - Greatest HitsRawhide - Greatest HitsRawhide by Frankie Laine, who sings 25 great songs of the west. Many for old western movies and tv shows. Chose singles to down load or the whole album. It's your choice. Enjoy.....
I absolutely LOVE this album. Every track is great:)  I bought the CD years back but lost it in one of my many moves since then.  I liked the album SO MUCH that I couldn't bare to be without it, so I have happily purchased it once more.  Shebly Cobra ROCKS!!
i love this album, if you enjoy early matchbox 20, the blackcrows or jason isbell and the 400 unit buy this album. dreaming alone and dancing with angels are beautiful songs. whats even better the band is unsigned and southern straight out of auburn alabama, i came across them through a friend and highly recommend this band.
If you like the guitar this should be in your collection. A great talent that has played on many projects and contributed hugely to all of them. If there was any justice in the music business, this should be selling heaps, but that is about as likely as a peaceful muslim terrorist. While the dross that passes for popular music these days walks out the door on the back of ignorent kids with way too much pocket money ( SPEARS / WILLIAMS / SNOOP DOG  etc.... to name a few ), this exceptional muso releases his first solo project and it is most likely to sell in the 1000's before sinking without a trace. It's a bloody shame !!!!  So, do the right thing and order your copy as players like GRISSOM need our support. If not, there might well be no music business left in a few years and the music will be called UNITS and created by very powerfull PC's with the appropiate software.
I have been waiting for this record ever since Storyville broke up.  This latest release from David Grissom is one of the finest Texas Music releases that I've heard in a long time.  He's keeping the torch burning for all of us that enjoy that Austin sound.  You can easily hear why David gets all the acclaim that he does with his tasty blending of styles that include subtle rhythm parts to searing leads. If you like your rock n roll blended with a little "real" country and blues topped of with a chili pepper or two, please get this record.  You will not regret it.
What were you doing back in the mid '50s and early '60s?  Well, like most of us were listening to Johnny Cash and the music that changed the recording industry.  Creating one of the most important bodies of work in Country and Rock embelished music history.  As you listen to each track there is a variety of American musical traditions ~ such as gospel, folk, blues and country spreading the infectious style Cash was noted for.  The Sun releases was reminiscent of the days when I was growing up in the '50s, enjoying every record he recorded.  Even if you don't care for country music, you can respect Cash for his one-of-a-kind musicianship who came from humble beginnings.Cash started composing at a very young age about the railroad (trains) as we hear &quot;HEY, PORTER!&quot; ~ the pure enjoyment of writing a song and recording comes through with flying colors &quot;CRY, CRY, CRY!&quot;, &quot;MY TREASURE&quot;, &quot;SO DOGGONE LONESOME&quot;, &quot;YOU'RE THE NEAREST THING TO HEAVEN&quot;, &quot;HOME OF THE BLUES&quot; and &quot;PORT OF LONELY HEARTS&quot; sheds some light on the inner feelings of this great human being and entertainer.Hats off to Varese Records, Cary E. Mansfield and Bill Dahl for this wonderful trip back into the past.  This release is just the way we like 'em.  Now we can relive those early years when we enjoyed &quot;The Man in Black&quot; ~ aka Mr. Johnny Cash...gotta love it!Total Time: 38:50 on 17 Tracks ~ Varese 64682 ~ (7/29/2003)
This was Johnny Cash's first album, recorded 1955-1957, released October 1957. It was also the first LP issued on Sam Phillips Sun label. It is listed here as traditional country, but it certainly was not that at the time. It was rockabilly that was being done by others in the 50s, but with a sound unique to Sun and Johnny Cash.  Certainly no one else even at Sun sounded like Cash nor did any other musicians have that wonderful freight train, chick-boom, chick-a-boom sound.  I've heard many versions of the folk song 'The Wreck of Old 97', but Cash's version, for the first time in recording history, really rocks out. Now, well over 50 years later, these songs are more enjoyable than perhaps any other country or rockabilly from that time.
If all you know about John is country you need to hear this. His music comes from the share cropper point of view. You hoped the green was in the field because it was not in your pocket. Flat land farming depending on the sky for water and some times not. Yes the other side of the blues. He got to Memphis and Sun Records and finally found a listener in Sam Phillips and a group of like minded young men, Carl, Jerry Lee, Elvis and Roy to name a few. Rock-a-Billy and Delta Blues met at Memphis. This is the recorded story of some of the things that happened. Next best thing to being there. At least listen to this. Me, I bought it so I can listen and share.
And here I thought I had EVERYTHING by Jeannie C. Riley! I found this "More Plantation Sessions" (her Harper Valley PTA label)and I was flabergasted! It was only on MP3 download so I quickly learned how to download to my computer and put it on CD. More GREAT music by a great artist. If you've always loved the Jeannie C. Riley sound...you won't go wrong with this. It will bring back memories of when you  first heard Harper Valley!!!!! Highly recommended!
Picked up this album because I heard about them through their work with Leighton Meester.  I was not disappointed.  The guitar work is fantastic, the vocals are great, and the sound is perfect for a lazy Saturday afternoon.  I'm really looking forward to hearing some studio versions of their work with Leighton, but I'd buy another one of their albums even without her.  The sound is sort of country-folk-rock with a bluesy tinge.  It's a nice mellow listen to kick back and burn one to. :)
Jack Johnson and Mumford and Sons but better!  A mix of blues, southern rock and folk.  You could listen to the whole record without stopping.
I can count on them to keep me energized for long drives or clear my mind after a long day.
Andy Gullahorn is one of the most talented songwriters in my music collection-- he's a little goofy, yes (see "Roast Beef," which is hilarious in its own way), but also earnest, witty and poignant. My favorite tracks on this album are "Holy Ground" and "Alright Here". The lyrics are personal and refreshing. I wish this artist had the recognition he deserves.
This is the second Andy cd I bought. I have enjoyed various concerts with Jill and Andy. Recently I took a road trip with my sisters the other day and basically forced them to listen to Andy. After listening to a couple of songs they were hooked. Andy does a great job of mixing funny lines into serious songs and serious lines into funny songs.
Two Great Guitarists with a lot to share with their audience. I am certainly glad I bought it. Never expected guitar work like this from Steve Howe, and of course Martin Taylor is a Master, too.
Just what America needs. A positive song. Keep up the great work. God Bless America and John Wayne!!
This is a wonderful song. It is a tribute to John Wayne living the American Dream. Plus, having John Wayne himself talking in the middle is great.I do not know who Clyde Lucas is, but his voice is pure as is his songwriting.
I really enjoyed this song. Purchase it after I saw the video on America Cowboy website. Nice tribute to John Wayne.
What do you call desert southwest rock music from Tennessee? You call it the Toluenes. And their CD Four Chords & A Pack Of Lies is a Lynchburg lemonade sweet mix of both geographical areas.From the opening of Call Me Sancho to the final chords of From Nashville To Mexico, this disc is a journey of gain and loss, to euphoria and heart break. Jamon Scott, and Dan Crawley have created a grouping of musical stories here they should be very proud of.While listening to  the song Mexico, you can feel the wind in your hair as you're being chased across the border, and cheering our hero on during his escape. Or you can sit with him at the bar, as he pours his heart out over his loss, while at the same time finding new love in One Cerveza. Then there is the haunting balled; Dust. Anyone who's ever been through a breakup, can relate to every single word in this song. It's as healing as it is soothing and meaningful.So, no matter the kind of song you're looking for, look no further. If you want something fun (Here's To You, Mexico, Adios New Mexico), something thought provoking, heartfelt, and beautiful (Dust, I'd Be In Mexico), or even a waltz (Broken & Busted), Jamon and Crawley serve it up on a silver platter called Four Chords & A Pack Of Lies.
The Toluenes are The Ramones meet Tom T. Hall.  That has to be the first time in the history of the English language that particular sentence has been constructed but how else than by invoking such disparate artists can one describe a sometimes raw and urgent and always vital band that tells such clever, entertaining and amusing stories in its songs?And not only are there stories, it turns out, but stories within stories.  I hate to use the term "concept album" because "Four Chords & a Pack of Lies" neatly avoids the pretentiousness that term conjures, but this is, in fact, a concept album in that the songs tell (tall?) tales that follow an amusing (sometimes laugh-out-loud funny) and often touching (even haunting) arc from Nashville to Mexico and back again.  Along the way the singer has some adventures, meets some women (and runs afoul of some of their significant others) and generally has himself a fine ol' time.  But it's not all fun and games.  Lead singer Jamon Scott and his partner-in-crime Dan Allen Crawley take it in the teeth a few times, too.  At the end it sounds like they've learned some hard-won lessons but, I hope, at least, that's only until it's time to live the life it takes to write a new album.  I like it when these boys are down in Mexico and on the run and I think you will, too.  Speaking of which, if you take a look at the song list you'll see that a whole lot of the cuts deal with the land south-of-the-border.  If you (like me) find yourself thinking, 'What the hell is up with all the Mexico songs?' then fear not.  That question is answered on cut six and it broke my heart in the best possible way.  These guys can go for the gut just as easily as the funny bone.With great hooks, clever lyrics (and I won't spoil any of them for you by quoting them here) that reward you for listening closely and repeatedly and melodies that get stuck in your head for days and days there's no fault to find in the song writing and the boys back it up with some mighty fine singing and playing.  I don't know if you call this country or country rock or alt country or americana but whatever it is, I want more.  Lots more.  I think I've found myself a new favorite band.By-the-way, it turns out that "toluene" is the second "T" in "TNT" (I had to look it up) which I think is the perfect name for the band.  They are, without a doubt, the explosive shot in the arm that Nashville needs.  Do yourself a favor and check out the Toluenes now.  That way you can brag to all your  buddies that you were a fan long before they became a household name.
These guys are GREAT! Saw Jamon and Brian in Puerto Penasco and they are fun to watch & listen to.  Good, fun, music.
To be fair, I must admit I bought this CD at a $1 CD sale held at a local concert series.  And to me, it simply begs the question - what is wrong with the music industry as it stands today?? This is a wonderful CD, with catchy songs, great arrangements. fantastic musicians, and the beautifully rich voice of Abi Tapia.  This young lady should be a well-known name in the music industry &#8230; but here is her CD at a $1 sale (there were some other well known artists there too, I must admit, no doubt collectors or radio stations dumping their CDs - but then I must ask, WHY??).  I'm going to immediately order her other CD for sale here on Amazon, and can only hope that she is still making a go if it in music!
This is a wonderful album.  I especially love the first song Another State Line.  Like her first album, The Beauty of the Rain is a wonderful blend of singable country/folk/Americana songs with smart lyrics.
Got a cold-call friend request form this guy on Myspace.  Was surprised when I heard the music thought - some great pop-country music!  Had to come here and pick up the whole CD.  Definitely give this a listen!  You'll definitely be hearing more about this guy in the future.
Reddhead is still clearly Redd Volkaert.The guitar playing is outstanding as usuall and I can hear what previous reviewers have commented on as some of it being "not-as" country. The songs and his playing don't sound like he is stretching beyond his natural ability as a country player, they sound like Redd has some rock/rockabilly in him.Some of the songs are leaning towards counrty rock, but I don't feel the songs on here are such a departure from previous releases. There is more of Redd singing which I don't mind. He's a creative song writer and his singing isn't hard on the ears (even "the Letter" cover).If you like Redd and or great Tele playing get this album. There's a reason he's a legend. Hear it for your self.
Listening is a pleasure and the artistry is subtle.  The music is masterful. The lyrics are very good and the whole package makes you sit back and want to hear more. I highly recommend this to all.
My daughter heard them in the NYC subway......and then they played at her 40th birthday party.  They are terrific - a blend of country, r&b, jazz - they have it all!
Very calming and relaxing. A perfect cd to sleep to (for adults or kids) or just to unwind.
I Love these ladies!!  I find I hum their sweet songs all day long and it makes me happy!  Brings a smile to my face just thinking of them!
After hearing this album at a friends' house, I downloaded some of my favorite songs. I love Rainfalls, it is so peacful with that sweet old time feeling, and Wonderful Merciful Savior has to be my new favorite song! Thanks West girls! Joanne[...].
Beautiful sound!  I first heard them sing in the documentary Inherit the Land, and hoped they would have a CD.  So glad they do!  Such a peaceful, lovely collection of songs, sung beautifully!
It is quirky and sweet...This is not something that you will hear every day.  For fans of PHC it is a must and for anyone who enjoys heartland nostalgia this is a lovely musical journey.
Jackie Heyen's 'Journey to Worthy' is a must have for anyone who has had self doubt.  Jackie sings from the heart and gives all to her music.  Each song on her CD touches a different part of you!
I have this album and its very creative and funny!  We listened to it on our way to the beach about six times and eventually were singing along!  ha ha
Stressed out?  This will calm you down.  Need to relax?  Can't sleep?  Insomnia?  Anxiety?  No problem.  Schizoaffective? Bipolar? Depressed?  Download this MP3.  Mary Blair Dodds  email blair@MoonValleyJewelry.com  "Schizoaffective: A Happier and Healthier Life" by Mary Blair Dodds.
If ever there was a group that homogenized the turmoil in the middle east, this is it. Sheva is so talented and so diverse and such a redeeming factor in life and war and peace. If only music could govern us, we would be a far better off world. And then again who am I to judge. Shalom.
This song is one of the few that makes me think of the years we have worked towards helping our son with autism. I know awareness is key, because most treatments aren't covered by insurance.It's always a struggle. Always a fight.Nice to just have some support sometimes even if it comes in the way of a song
This gal, Kacey Jones, is talented and funny! I bought the cd and sing it at karaoke parties, the audience just can't get enough.Toni
This album has been on constant rotation every day for about 3 weeks now. I can't wait to see the movie, but I am worried that, like an adaptation of a novel, it won't be as good as the one in my head.
Remarkably, the Legend Of God's Gun soundtrack (which precedes the film in its conception) triumphs as a singular achievement in its own right. Prolific songwriter and longtime frontman for L.A. based psychedelic rock band, Spindrift, Kirpatrick Thomas compiles a series of instrumental music that is beyond inspired. Serving as a spiritual catalyst for the film's vile happenings, Kirpatrick's ambient and romantic compositions venerate Morricone's canon while his haunting vocal tracks will linger long after listening.  Musically, the soundtrack offers a sublime debut of Thomas' potential as one of today's great film composers.
I can't believe there is only one review of this album! I might be prejudice because I saw the Mike Finders Band in person,and couldn't believe how good they were, but I loved everything about them! These songs are written well and the singingis terrific. I have listened to this cd many times and wish they would come out with another.
Quit reading this review and buy the music. Curtis Eller and his American Circus are amazing, and this album will make you happy when you listen to it. This is some funtime banjo music about circus heroes, sweatshop fires, boxers, singers, and assassins. I cannot emphasize how great this album is and how much this music will make your life better when you listen to it.
While visiting Canyon Lake, TX I was gazing out over a beautiful vista and contemplating my insignificant place in the universe. After several shots of Tequila, I was then doused in the melodies of RLN. You want good music, you should buy this album.
My friend introduced me to Doug Burr one day, rather casually. Now I know that there should have been a drumroll with a fanfare or something, considering how incredible a musician Doug Burr is. In minutes flat he became my very favorite musician. I had never considered having a single favorite musician before. Or a favorite album. On Promenade is perhaps the single most ingenious work of music by any modern singer/songwriter. You must buy this album and try it out. You will be very happy that you did.
Though he recorded and released this album in 2007, it was 2009 when I discovered a singer/songwriter named Doug Burr. My friend Tyler recommended On Promenade to me, and in glowing terms, explained how important it was to him personally. I trust his tastes, and decided to give the album a spin for myself. My memory of it is unusually clear. It was a slightly chilly night, and it was very late, perhaps 2:00 in the morning. Normally, when I listen to music, I listen in conjunction with some other activity; nothing requiring too much of my attention, but something to keep me busy while absorbing the sounds. This time was different. I turned off the light, so that the only illumination came from the glow of my computer screen, put on my headphones, clicked play, and leaned back in my chair. I closed my eyes and just let the music wash over me.Forty-three minutes later, I opened my eyes. It was a surreal transition back into reality, like gradually waking from a dream. I was completely blown away, and I immediately started the album over from the beginning again. It's very rare that I have this kind of reaction. There are a great many albums that have serious personal significance for me, and that I love deeply, but I don't think I can remember any other piece of music ever affecting me so viscerally on first listen.The roots of influence run deep. One can find elements of almost every style of traditional American music here, along with unmistakably modern ideas. Echoes of Bonnie 'Prince' Billy circa I See A Darkness can be clearly identified in Burr's melodies, lyrics, and performance style, but this album is undeniably its own entity. A blending of Southern gothic folk with alternative country and elements of shoegaze, the aesthetic of On Promenade is grounded in Burr's knock-you-flat-stunning songwriting and evocative voice. A sense of weariness and melancholy laced with unbreakable resolve echoes in the space between every note, and the sounds range from the ethereal to the apocalyptic, from the pensive to the majestic. These songs feel lived-in and worn and yet ageless, as if they've always existed, waiting in the mantle of the earth for some musician to dig deep enough to discover them. A certain faith and conviction fuels Burr's writing and performance, but his songs are separate from it despite drawing energy from it.This is an album meant to be heard as a piece, and every element is beautifully realized and considered. The ebb and flow and cohesion of these 11 songs is absolutely flawless. Burr is clearly a musician with a keen understanding of the album as a format. Most artists use records as boxes to put songs in; Burr uses single tracks as brushstrokes, and while each is individually beautiful, the complete image is something indescribably powerful. This is not to say that On Promenade is a concept album in any traditional sense; but it has a definite intent, and Burr's sense of tone, timing and structure are matched only by his emotional expression. I find it impossible to pick out highlights or favorite tracks, because it feels somehow wrong to isolate any part of the whole from any other. Every song is a standout.On Promenade has three distinct parts. There are four songs on either side of the album, separated by a suite of three songs that flow into one another and serve as the centerpiece of the album both literally and figuratively. How Can The Lark (My Dear Theo)'s hopeful-but-uncertain nervous energy leads directly into the dark, despairing longing of Should've Known. These two Van Gogh-themed tracks then explode into In The Garden's raw, driving, desperate cry that feels like the universe bursting and birthing itself anew. The whole album seems to play host to a recurring theme of loss, acceptance, and rebuilding amidst the ruins.When I came to On Promenade, I was in the midst of an immense personal crisis, and I had yet to crawl out of my own mound of phoenix feather ashes. I'd gone through a loss on a scale that cut my legs out from under me for a while, and I hadn't even managed to fully assess the damage, let alone started to rebuild. Perhaps that's one reason I connected to this album so strongly and so quickly, but I think that's only one part of the picture. I've long since healed from those wounds, and yet I continue to return to On Promenade. After hundreds of spins, it's just as beautiful and brilliant and affecting with every listen.Doug Burr is a songwriter destined to be remembered as one of the greatest, and yet he remains largely unknown. Help remedy that. Buy a copy of this album, and of its equally powerful and beautiful follow-up O Ye Devastator. Listen to the music. Tell all your friends. You won't regret it.
Beautiful melodies and moving, sometimes sad lyrics make this on of my favorite albums. There are no gimmicks here...just great song-writing, good production, and instrumentation that compliments every song. Some of my favorite songs: Graniteville, How Can the Lark, and Always Travel Light. If you like folk music and good songwriting, buy it.
as beautiful as the lilies of the sangre de cristo mountains and about as close of a stroll you can get without going there
This is simply brilliant music.  Superb songwriting with deep, stirring vocals and carefully crafted instrumentation.  If you enjoy this genre of music, this album cannot be missed.  It hasn't left the player this year and I doubt it will any time soon.
I wasn't sure this was the right Jason Eady when I purchased this album, but I have no doubts now.  Great album, great musicians!
Um if you don't have this yet then I think youre a booger face.  They absolutely shred this album. I can't help but get all sweaty in my alligator skin dance boots when the needle get dropped.  Thank You Greensky Bleugrass for making me smile everytime I hear your lovely melodies.
I just heard of this band a few days ago and I love them now.  Their lyrics are great and they really know how to play. In other words they don't screw around.
Mike's CD has come to me by accident, and what a great suprize. Like a breathe of fresh air among the "sound-the-same" CCM market artists out there, this Christian Country artist is going to be a favorite of mine as long as he makes music.I really wish Christian Country was more of genre than there is currently. I am not talking about Artists who sing about drinkin' and havin' a good time with the opposite sex on one Cd,  then next, come out with a Inspirational Hymn Release right after it. I mean I want, honest, sold out believers who are talented, and write music because they feel God moving them too. Too many mixed messages among Country Music as a whole today. It seems some are afraid to give up their secular standing as they might lose sales which is only comprising their faith.Sorry for the soap box moment in a review - Mike Rimmey is the real deal and it worth every penny. I look forward to more of his music and heart.
I met Wayra in Huntsville Alabama at Limestone Flee Market. His collection of item caught my attention. He and I talked about his collection of item he had for sell. I was impressed with the fact that he was very fimiliar with his products and was actually playing the instrutments along with the sougs. Well, that day I bought two CDs, could not wait to enjoy them.I actually gave away one to a good friend of mine and he loved it. Wayra, I have been playing your CDs everyday since the first day I purchased them. I had one put on a cassette, but I play it so much it got caught up in the player and ripped apart. I got to order another, because I have a family reunion coming up June 14 thru 17 and was practicing a dance from one of the songs on 'Voices of the Wind'. I also bought 'Spirit Flute' both are outstanding CDs. My dad's Mother family is full Cherokee. She died of child birth when he was five year old and I will present this dance to him at our family reunion taking place in Pompono Beach, FL. He is gonna be surprized. May God bless you to keep making wonderful music my brother and friend.
Well, let mine be the second...this is a terribly underrated CD.I am a massage therapist and have played this CD in my sessions for years.I love it and my clients do as well.It is soothing and peaceful inducing beautiful visions as the haunting notes float through the air.It helps to create a relaxing atmosphere for both me and my clients.
Had never heard of Ryan Beaver, but I love the song and love the music. Great sound, can't wait to see them live and download more of their stuff. Good country music that doesn't get overplayed on the radio.
I bought this Album in Brian Toss rigging shop on my very first week long trip on my Catalina 27 in Port Townsend. After overhauling my boat i realized that i did not hook up my radio antenna for AM/FM tunes and forgot my Aux input for my MP3 player so all i was capable of playing was CD;s and of coarse i forgot my CD binder as well. after getting the proper cotter pins for my rig and ringing up with Brian's Wife i noticed on the shelf that they had a CD for sale, so i went for it. for the next week all we listened to was the CD and now it is something i start every cruse with, despite fixing my radio.
And a great bio - check out their website for an interesting so-far life story.  Unusual voice lends itself to great lyrics and very interesting arrangements.  Highly recommended.
I love this singer/songwriter's reflection on life. This song is a favorite. Hajek's songs are written and composed from the heart and his life's experiences. It's rare that a new artist continues to follow his own path and doesn't succumb to the industry's push to create an 'image' that will 'sell'. Joe is real...true to himself! Find out for yourself and buy this song!
I am a big fan of singer-songwriters like Gordon Lightfoot, Stan Rogers, and James Keelaghan. I discovered Archie Fisher because Stan Rogers covered one of his songs. This CD is now one of my favorites. Mr. Fisher has a gentle voice, and his simple use of acoustic guitar really lets the lyrics and singing stand out and not be overwhelmed by other instrumentation. The lyrical content of the songs varies, but generally focuses on typical folk themes, such as love songs, songs about his homeland of Scotland, and farming/fishing. I found my two favorite tracks to be Shepherd on the Hill and Speak Your Name.
I have been looking for this album ever since I broke my parents heart by breaking the record years ago as a child.  I am soo glad Amazon had this available on their website as it has repaired my parents broken heart.  The the original artwork the downloadable version is crisp clear,,,clean and worth every penny spent for it. Thank you Amazon.
I had never heard of The Sidekicks until I discovered them on Jewel song search on MySpace....and what a wonderful discovery.  I don't typically listen to bluegrass music, but I'm a big fan of Jewel...and once I gave The Sidekicks a listen, it was pure pleasure to the ears....they have an entire series of Pickin' On albums...can't wait to listen to more.
A great collection of songs written by real sailors that tell a great deal about life in the Navy. So many albums I have listened to talk to theglory and honor of the navy. Too few of them actually talk about the day to day existence of people in the service.  People with a background withthe service could speak to the odd life that being in the military entails. These songs are sometimes funny and always inspiring and if you have ever served you are sure to identify with the sentiments in them. The Navy band is really talented, and "We're the Guys Who Shoots Supplies" is one I really like on this album. Overall, good album worth picking up!
A good combination of classic rock, with country influence.  Nice, imaginative original lyrics, and professional sounding studio recordings.  Eric is definitely worth a listen.  My favorite track on this album is "Say Something in Kentucky."
Brings back memories to starting young in the oil fields. Talks about my favorite booze in almost every song to
Good stuff, great tunes that'll get stuck in your head. Lyrics are nothing goofy, just the truth and easy to follow for anyone who's been in the patch.
This is not exactly a contemporary set of songs, but if you find a better-played, more enjoyable country/western swing/jazz/novelty guitar album, please let me know.
One of my most vivid childhood memories is of my mom cooking in the kitchen, patting her thigh and swaying to the songs on the Country radio station... songs like "Ode to Billy Joe", "Tall Dark Stranger", and "Coat of Many Colors". Pink Floyd, The Beatles, and The Who were more my style... but the hick-soul sounds that cried out of our little counter-top radio were undeniable. Both genres influenced the way I write songs today... howling dogs... love found and lost... and the things that go bump in your mind.I grew up next to the railroad tracks on a dead end street in a tiny North Carolina tobacco town. My mom and dad weren't happy together. At age eight I knew I wanted to be an actor. I started doing the little kid roles in the local high school plays. I needed to be out at night, out in the world, even then. Maybe it was the tension at home. Maybe I was just born with an acting jones. I don't know. But, I wanted more... more attention... more everything. I never felt like I choose acting. It chose me. I had a chatty little monkey on my back. I loved music and played in bands in high school... but by college I was sure that acting was my real ticket out. Skip forward four years...The day I graduated, I got into a car and drove six hundred miles north to New York City. In eleven years, I only had two different Manhattan addresses: Amsterdam between 95th and 96th, and 9th Avenue at 44th. Those neighborhoods were like exotic, tight knit small towns dropped onto an urban concrete grid. There was protocol among the locals. There was opportunity or danger at each corner. Ever see the film "After Hours"? It was just like that, I swear. The streets were populated with pizza shops, stockbrokers, painters, swank restaurants, rats aplenty, pimps in dive bars, doll-faced prostitutes... and the pregnant one with the cigarette clamped in her teeth and a halo brace screwed into her skull. There were con men, cops on horseback, cats in alleys, needles on my doorstep... and there were actors... actors everywhere. They came. They went. They worked... or, they never did... the barmaid from Montana who came seeking fame but only found another place to disappear. Without my friends from college, I may not have made it there two years. Who knows? But, I stayed and I worked on the stage, and I worked in restaurants. I flourished and I floundered. It was home for a while.In 1993, I landed a job in the film The Quick and the Dead. I can't completely tell the rest of this story without mentioning my buddy Russell Crowe. I already know that he would prefer that I simply talk about the music... but our friendship and our connection through music definitely influenced this project...We met on the movie set, the scene where Russ wakes up shackled to the fountain in the town square. My dirty hand reaches into frame. I strike a wooden match off his grizzled beard, light my cigar, and challenge him to a gunfight...We worked all day until just after dark, then rode back to Tucson in a film company transportation van. With the radio blaring, our conversation naturally veered towards music. He told me about his band, Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts. I told him I had played and written songs in high school, but nothing since... and I told him about my brother, J.K., a monster guitarist with his own recording studio in Wilmington, N.C. We ended up having a couple of pints and talking about work and music all evening.Over the next few years, I hung out at a couple of recording sessions with the Grunts as they tracked their albums. I sang backing vocals on The Photograph Kills and Swept Away Bayou. That time in the studio got me itching...In late 1997, a song popped into my head out of nowhere. That Christmas, I asked my brother to grab his guitar and help me work on the song in his studio. He did. The next Christmas, I had a few more songs. This time my brother gave me his old Alvarez acoustic and told me I should learn to play again... said my songs were pretty good.In 2002, Dave Wilkins (Grunts) and I sat down a couple of evenings and talked about my songs and about the instruments I imagined inhabiting the arrangements... "Acoustic guitars, sweeping pedal steel, and a lot of Hammond B3 organ... something between Willie Nelson and Pink Floyd." He agreed. I worked on the film "Daredevil" that June and July. In August, we went to record at my brother's studio for a month.I could yammer on and on about how everything came together, but maybe it's time to shut my pie hole and let you check out the tunes. I'd like to mention a couple of the main players first: Terry Nash learned to play keyboards on the Hammond organ. He's a wizard. Donny Wynn (Robert Palmer) and Jon Blondell laid down drums and bass respectively at Willie Nelson's Arlyn Studios... Amazing! Clyde Maddocks, a local N.C. pedal steel and Dobro player bent some tasteful, twisted notes... check out Tarantulas Dancing, Rat on a Wheel and The Deadest Man Alive. Rupert Oysler is WANTED in four states for slaying audiences with his harmonica. Unfrickinbelievable! Derwin Hinson, the singing Ebanjolist did it all. My brother J.K. squeezed every ounce of life out of his guitar on Freddy's Got a Shotgun and Naureen. Dave Wilkins, Billy-Dean Cochran, Dave Kelly, Stewart Kirwan, and a few other talented Aussie's fill out most of the rest of the musicians.Dave Wilkins produced the sessions. J.K. Loftin co-produced and was the recording engineer (mix on "Freddy's Got a Shotgun"). Paul Lani (U2, James Brown, Prince, Rod Stewart, TOFOG) mixed the album. Their work is clean and beautiful.Check out my MySpace Music page...You can download tracks here, NOW! If you like it... please tell your friends. Tell the world...Lennie
This cool and quirky love song from OC indie artist Anna Without The Blonde, could have easily sat on the Juno movie soundtrack. Let's hope we see an album from her in the near future.
Wonderful (local to me) talent. This man makes beautiful music! One can only feel like singing along and dancing to this!
I won't pretend to be a music critic and offer all kinds of sweeping declarations of Mark's musical origins, relationships and emotional tenor.  I will say that I've heard Mark play in various places over the years and I was so happy to see his first full-length release.  Its a fantastic success; just Mark and his guitar, singing with true passion and emotion about people and things that matter to him.  He's a gifted songwriter who knows precisely how to string together lyrics to strike just the right tone and effect.  If you put Mark's skills in a full-blown band, he's the lead singer of the Decemberists or Plain White Ts.  That's how highly I think of his art.  I heartily recommend it.
A man with a great country voice, his guitar, and a great song about forever love. Joe Sins takes us back to country basics in a most enjoyable way on "Don't Cha Know". His rich country vocals are genuinely country. Nobody can sing a love song like Joe Sins.More info on Joe Sins:What his Peers are saying:"I have been blessed to be around just about everyone in this business who has ever succeeded in making a big name for themselves, and Joe will be the next!""When I first met Joe Sins in the desert town of Pioneertown, Ca several years ago, I knew he had what it takes to make it in this business, T&T; (Talent and Tenacity). I am pleased and proud of him as I watch his abilities unfold. I GUARANTEE YOU, HE WILL BE A FORCE TO BE RECKONED WITH IN OUR INDUSTRY""Joe Sins is a breath of fresh air, in an otherwise stale market! His rich vocals keep it country!""Joe Sins is the real deal, and I am going to make a bold prediction.....Joe Sins is going to be the next big superstar in this town, and he has the full support of NSAI behind him, What a Talented Singer and Songwriter!""Finally someone with real talent, Joe Sins is a hard working singer, and has a believability about his voice that is rare.""I witnessed Joe Sins perform for the 1st time at the broken spoke, he mixes raw energy with an honest southern california influence. Finally, a REAL ARTIST! His writing not only relates to todays youth, but will appeal to all genres and all ages""Joe Sins is a cutting edge singer/songwriter, with a great sense of melody. he definately has a future in Nashville, and is someone to PAY ATTENTION TO!""I've known Joe Sins since he moved to town, and I have enjoyed watching him grow into a great singer and songwriter. He is living proof of what amazing talent and hard work can do"If anyone deserves a record deal in this town, it is Joe Sins. True talent always finds a way."Man, You can sing son!""Get me that Joe Sins C.D, I like his music!"He has performed with Johnny Lee (Looking for Love), Vern Gosdin (Chiseled in stone, Do you believe me now, Set em up Joe, I can tell by the way you dance), Cracker (Platinum selling  album, Kerosene Hat), Eric Burdon lead singer of "The animals", Dick Dale (King of Surf Guitar) Victoria Williams , Jim Lauderdale, even the late, great Gene Autry.He was invited to sing at the opening of Mad Dog Records, opening for Dwight Yoakum that night, and has won uncountable Nashville talent competitions, one with over 3000 contestants in it.What his fans are saying:"Joe Sins is the hottest artist to hit the streets of music row in ages.""I love all of Joe's song they are refreshing...""Great music!""Joe Sins rocks it when it comes to song delivery.""I just really enjoy listening to Joe's music""Joe is an awesome singer his voice is so freakin sexy and he's just sexy and his songs are great!""Wow! I am impressed!""you're better than anyone I hear on the radio these days!""Joe has such a sexy voice""Lyrics are important to me and Joe Sins seems to have some well developed skills in that department.  His voice is smooth and easy to listen to and his talent as a musician is outstanding."
It's like a glimpse inside Paul's mind which must be constantly aswirl with fragments of songs and lyrics and hooks. He is just consistently amazing, Once you get what he is doing, you realize how he simply towers over the rest of the music business. Best album I've heard this year.
Westerberg is really turned on here. On like a light bulb!  He reels through a smashing set of tracks. I didn't want to take my headphones off for the entire 44 minutes, I was entranced.  There's very little reason not to get this album at its cheap price (49 cents). Once you listen you'll want more Westerberg releases... A smart move! And don't spoil it by skipping ahead but the last few minutes are Westerberg doing radio rock hits in short doses and a final song that just drives it home.
I have adored Paul and his assorted vehicles since my freshman year in college in 1986. Tim awoke me from a bad dream called life. PW has always functioned as that lynchpin to bring me back to music whenever I lose my way--be it Tim, be it 14 Songs, be it Come Feel Me Tremble, and now, eventually, let it be 49:00.I had the pleasure of meeting Paul during the Folker Tour and he signed my Come Feel Me Tremble CD on my birthday in Vancouver, BC shortly before midnight. It was one of the happiest moments of my life.A masterful mixture of art and sentiment, 49.00 brings into focus all the great things we love about Paul--his body of song, his unpredictability, his uncompromising originality, his heartbreaks, and yes, his potential.Goodnight, Sweet Prince is so good is gives me chills each time I listen -- which is often. It appears that Paul lost both his parents in his arms and saw those last breaths. It is clear he loved them both dearly. This song moves me and chills me to the bone; that is, for me, as good as music gets--as good as life gets.I've listed to the entire track dozens of time and I don't like to be interrupted during these 43 minutes and 55 seconds.I love this collection of songs. I view the tracks bleeding into one another and layers of songs not as discord; but, rather as shifting  plates of nuanced Westerberg dancing beautifully suspended on the stage of life. Color me more than impressed!
I love the 15-second sample clip, which is about as much as people outside the United States like me can hear at the moment! Argh. I'm strung out here, Amazon. Please make available on your Canadian website like fast!
It's Paul and it's good. There's a Folker/Grandpaboy sound to most of the songs but at the same time they still have their own thing. Raw and chaotic. If I was you I'd buy it.
What a stunning surprise. Here I was buying this thing for the price and it turns out to be his best solo album yet... by a mile. Paul had some great songs on his previous albums but nothing as cohesive and solid as this. The way it flows like a somewhat broken record is brilliant even in 2008 when everything's been done already. Songs drop off in one channel and a new song takes over. Some songs play simultaneously in opposite channels. But the songs are so great that you just hear one beaytuiful, fglorious mess. I'm reminded of Guided By Voices at their sloppiest (and greatest).
Thank you Paul Westerberg, for bring back the "album" !! As a long-time fan of The Replacements and Paul Westerberg, I am pleasantly rewarded by this destined-to-be-classic album. Immediately listenable and thoughful, this album restores my faith in American music. If you miss the days when you would listen to an entire album in one sitting, this single-track-album is for you - and at $.49, how can you go wrong?!  Thanks again Paul!
I figure I'm a prime example of the kind of music listener Paul Westerberg was trying to reach with this irresistibly low price release.  I must admit having almost complete ignorance of Westerberg's work.  I'm old enough to remember The Replacements, but I don't recall ever hearing any of their music growing up.  Thus, 49:00 and I were perfect for each other.  If I happened to hate what I heard, all Paul would have lost was a potential listener and I would only have been out a little spare change.  Fortunately for us both, I didn't hate what I heard - far from it.  You certainly won't find any fresher music than this - we're talking six days from Westerberg's basement to our ears.49:00 is definitely an intriguing work.  The raw energy Westerberg evokes in the first few tracks is infectious and hearkens back to an era when human beings rather than computers made the music (not that I'm opposed to synth and the like, of course - I did grow up in the 80s).  Westerberg plays the heck out of an electric guitar on some of the shorter clips in the middle of the album, but he seems to be at his best with little more than a guitar and drums supporting his singing.  As for that voice, it's seasoned but far from polished - and I definitely count that as a plus.  It's refreshingly real and honest in an almost Dylan-esque sense.  You get the impression that the songs are more important than the singer, and that's a rarity these days.Admittedly, it was a little strange - and oftentimes frustrating - when I reached the point of the recording where short clips of different tracks begin overlaying one another.  I would be enjoying a song one minute, then another song clip would come along to take its place.  I wanted to hear much more of these songs - and that, of course, is probably the whole point behind this concept album's unusual release.
The math is simple: 49 cents + 43:55 minutes of great music-making = five stars.Even if you only like one song, it's still worth it. But you're going to like more than that because you have good taste.
Only took almost 20 years, but the greatest songwriter of my generation has finally nailed his best post-'Mats work. Wistful minus the sappiness that infected far too many songs on his solo albums certainly helps, and seems to have loosened him up to make the rockers more convincing as well. Then again, could all stem from jamming with Tommy on Open Season and the 'Mats greatest hits' new tunes, too. Either way, 49:00 takes me back to the 80s, but without feeling old.
Best .49 cents I've spent in a long, long time. The guitar riff in the third song is worth at least 99 cents by itself.Robert Pollard regularly gets $14.49 for this type of project. If you need the song titles ask someone at MAN WITHOUT TIES to offer up some suggestions, or even better make up your own.Regarding the one star review. A PICNIC error should not be the reasoning for a 1 star review. I'm a near neophyte with this ever evolving technology and I was listening to the songs in less than 2 minutes.PICNIC - problem in chair not in computer
Paul's put together another great batch of songs, fragments, pieces, and ideas into a wonderfully smooth stream of sound from beginning to end.  It's unmistakably Paul's work but packed up in a whole new way that works perfectly for it.Open up the windows, kick back on the couch with a cold beverage of your choice, and let this record flow over you like a warm summer breeze.
The best record I've heard in at least a few years.  Like a stream of consciousness, make that a river, the rapids of consciousness from the greatest song writer of all time.  It's rock, it's country, it's anything and everything, it's grabs you by the heart and throat, and takes you on this magical mystery tour of Westerberg's soul.  With never so much as a beat to breathe, PW layers track upon track, snippets upon full songs.  (Sort of like an old time Mats sshow!)  I was enthralled, I was in awe, I was exhausted (in a good way).  I cried when it was over the first time.This is what it's all about!  Right here.  And you can freakin' get it for 49 cents.  Damn you, Paul!  You gave me life again!P.S. Here's what the good folks at the PW fan site believe the track listing to be.  The titles are good (hearted) guesses.  Thanks to PaulWesterberg.com for this info.Who You Gonna Marry? - 00:00Kentucky Risin' - 03:57Something in My Life is Missing - 06:57Visitor's Day - 10:38Thoroughbred - 14:14Devil Raised a Good Boy - 14:28You're My Girl - 17:38Everyone's Stupid - 18:04You're My Girl (Reprise) - 20:42What Do You Want? - 20:48Never Coming Back - 21:07Goodnight, Sweet Prince - 21:52Guess I'll Be Going Then - 25.47Outta My System - 25:54C'mon, Be My Darling - 29:16Down on the Farm - 33:01100,00 Pieces - 33:12I'm Clean - 34:24Your Sister - 35:35It'll Never Die - 35:43Short Cover Medley* - 39:46I Think I Love You - 40:41Oh Yeah! - 41:46*The medley includes: "Hello Goodbye" - The Beatles; "Lost Highway" - Hank Williams; "Born To Be Wild" - Steppenwolf; "Stupid Girl" - Rolling Stones; "I'm Eighteen" - Alice Cooper; "I Am A Rock" - Simon and Garfunkel; "Rocket Man" - Elton John; "Dandy" - The Kinks
Wow, what a bold idea.  Smash together a bunch of home recordings - some complete songs, some just little snippets - bundle it all up as a single track so it plays like an old LP, and sell it on the internet for next to nothing.  Genius!The "album" starts off in a pretty typical Westerberg fashion, with 4 complete (& excellent) songs that could have easily been on his most recent solo effort, Folker.  Then at around the 14 minute mark, we start to hear some overlapping tracks, only to be thrust into the rocking "Devil Raised a Good Boy" (best song here, IMO).  From that point on, all bets are off and we're taken on a journey through the beautiful chaos that is Paul Westerberg's musical mind.At times, it sounds as if you're tuned to the coolest radio station on the planet.  Or, rather, like you're turning the dial amongst a bunch of cool radio stations.The album fittingly ends with a series of short covers that make you want a full-length album of nothing other than covers from Westerberg.  And then he rocks out with his kid on the final track, which I like to call "father of the year."This album isn't for everyone, as it is rough and chaotic at times.  But if you just go with it and let Westerberg take you on this musical journey, you'll be greatly rewarded.
The most pleasant musical surprise I've had this year.  If you're a fan of Westerberg's self-recorded cds like Mono/Stereo and Folker there's lots to enjoy here.  I expected a few great songs and lots of throwaways.  I got the opposite.
Once again Paul Westerberg graces us with music that takes us to places of that we all know all too well but that we lack verbal talents to describe. Too much has been writted about how his talent is overlooked. I disagree and enjoy his talents on a daily basis. It has been awhile since the last release but look forward listening this recording over and over again. Paul Westerberg challenges us and rewards with us smile or smirk when we  finally understand a lyric or hear an off key chord transition.How great is this gift. This is a great day to be alive.Jack Gallan/Downers Grove, Il
Great pop songs and some really big fun dumb rock songs (the one in around 14:30 sounds as good as "Bastards of Young" to me). Somewhat frustrating because some of the songs that start off great end just as we are getting started and a couple drag on past their welcome, but for the most part the more acoustic maudlin side of Westerberg is kept to a minimum, thank goodness. Now Paul, can you please put out an MP3 of all those covers you teased us with near the end of the file?!? (The Beatles "Hello, Goodbye," Alice Cooper's "18," hell, I'd even like to hear Elton John's Rocket Man.")Overall, 4 1/2 Stars and easily one of the most enjoyable CDs of 2008.
My first impressions are that Westerberg has completed the process of finding his post-Replacement self.  He is no longer trying to be Mr. Replacement, and is no longer trying to be some fake James Taylor troubled singer-songwriter.  He seems to have, in a phrase, found himself musically.  This record is a complete delight, and essential for any Replacements fan.  The melodies are great and natural, the guitars rock without pretension, the vocals natural and hearty.  This is Paul at his best.
Last May, famous violinist Philippe Quint put on an informal concert for Newark cabbies at an airport, in effort to thank cab driver Mohamed Khalil for returning the precious (and priceless) instrument he'd left in his cab by mistake.  Paul's 49:00 feels as rare an experience. These songs sound like tunes written under the belief that they'd never be heard by the public.  As such they give us the truest opportunity in years to hang out with Paul (the guy, the dad, the grocery shopper) in his basement.The album offers a unique ride.  My friend Jason said it nicely: "It's like 43 minutes of a kid spinning the tuning dial of his radio, trying to find something he likes."  Paul sings, "I gotta get it outta my system!"  You get the sense of a seasoned songwriter / recordist doing just that - working through the daily build up of psychological muck and forging it into all manner of songs: bouncy-groovers, straight-rockers, unadorned heartbreaker-ballads, etc.49:00 is like an Mp3 version of Atari's Asteroids.  Bits and piece of songs collide, invade each other's space impolitely, overlap and undercut one another.  In "Good Night Sweet Prince" (a song chronicling the sickness and death of a husband/father), the fusion of two different songs  strengthens the theme.  A second song rudely barges in and altogether hijacks the left speaker from the crooning story-teller (much in the same way an illness can muscle its unwelcome way into a person's life, challenging him or her to stretch and adapt).Lots of opportunity here for longtime listeners to celebrate their shared past with Paul.  Tunes like "Devilish Goodboy" prove Paul is still in touch with his inner "Black Diamond."  The guitar lead on "Be My Darlin'" haunts as thoroughly as does "Go" from Stink.  "Hey Hey" begins with the fast talking flim-flam-man vocal approach of Hootenanny's "Lovelines."The sweetest offering of all is perhaps the last tune.  Unless my ears are fooling me, it's Paul and his son goofing off in the basement together.  Trusting the fans to share the fun with his own precious kiddo - what a beautiful gesture.49:00 is Paul's best since Mono/Stereo.
The usual greatness from Westerberg, which is the highest compliment I can give.  Love it
How can I review this when I can't even purchase it, Amazon?  Still, based on past albums I've given it a 5 Star rating.  What gives with this Amazon?  Are you aware that this download has a rave review in the current issue of Rolling Stone?