I tried this product and liked it, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs to Manilla, Philippines!!! On their web site, Avery give the appearance that they are located in Brea, California, but in reality all of their consumer inquires, information on their products, software support, and general questions are all routed to the Philippines. I was not able to connect with anyone in the USA after more than 30 minutes on the phone with several different people in Manilla.In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products.**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. Once you down load the software there will be a new toolbar in Microsoft Word. You simply click the Avery button and it gives you a comprehensive list of all of the Avery products (listed by product number). After that is takes you through a few easy-to-understand wizard windows to enter the text and layouts your labels. Once completed, you have a MS-Word document that you can save on your computer and reprint if needed. I was able to make address labels with a small graphic quite quickly and easily.Even though these are listed for use on a Laser printer, I used them on my ink-jet printer and they turned out quite well. Even after roughing up the label by crunching it up, it stayed clear and legible. The "Easy Peel" backing allows you to reposition or remove the label although it does hold in place and will not easy fall off.
I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! If you call Avery's Consumer Service Center (1-800-462-8379 number listed on their web site as Brea, California) you will be given several choices of support all of which route you to their customer, product, and software staff in Manilla, Philippines.I wanted to get more information on where their products are manufactured. The operator I spoke with and her supervisor both assured me that all Avery products are made in the U.S.A. in Brea, California, but some of the raw materials may be from other countries. They were unable to route me to anyone in Brea to confirm this information. After examining the packaging I have I found a sticker that said "Made in Mexico." Other Avery products I have say either Mexico or China. None say U.S.A.I am very hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with their products.**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I have used sharpie pens on all my well-used file folders and decided to try these file folder labels by Avery. I was surprised how well they blocked out the old hand-written tabs with clean new labels. The TrueBlock Technology is simply a silver backing on the sticky side of the label.As for the templates, I downloaded the Avery 8366 template for MS-Word on Avery's website, but was disappointed that I could not get the text to center on the label when I increased the text to a legible size. So, I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easier to use than the template. It comes with a few colorful graphics to make your labels interesting. I was able to use a big text size and center the text vertically and horizontally.Once I had my labels printed out, it was easy to peel and place the labels right in the file drawers, and I had a whole file drawer of easy-to-read folder tabs.A couple side notes. 1) Avery required that you give them your name and email for downloading a simple template which I didn't like. In addition during the Avery Wizard 4.0 install there is a box automatically checked to also install the Avery "Ask" toolbar and make it your default search engine. You can easily uncheck it, but rather tricky of Avery to set as the default to install additional software on your computer. 2) If you try and remove the label on your file folders, they do not easily release and you'll peel off some of your file folder with the label.Again, this may be a useful product, but very disappointing that Avery continues to outsource all their customer support and manufacturing!
I was pleased to receive these as I had filing to do. I printed out a sheet of file labels, and then applied them to file folders I was re-using. I was extremely disappointed as I could see the writing right through the label, making for a very messy look. NOT recommended at all. I had to go buy new labels...
3M(TM) Copy Holder, In-line, 18 Inches Wide, 300 Sheet Capacity, Black and ClearI am getting old. I remember when $100 ($65 Amazon price) actually bought something. Oh, wait, it still can. AppleTV is $100. A Roku box is $100. A Kindle is just $40 more. But, now in 2010 an 18" sheet of molded plastic two weighted plastic legs some assorted screws and knobs and a rubber band cost $100. I have to assume the mystery weight beads in the legs are made of a high tech alloy and the plastic sheet must be bullet proof? On top of that when assembled it's kind of wobbly. I'd have designed in a cross base support of some kind for rigidity. But, that might have driven the price up to $150? I did a quick search for a "Copy Holder," what I found was a huge selection under $10. Granted many weren't as attractive as the 3M product but what price design for such an item. It just needs to hold paper or a book.If the constructed product didn't feel as wobbly as it does, maybe I'd forgive it. But, really, I can't get over the price to function ratio. I have many 3M products and many are well made and reasonably priced. I just can't review this product favorably. Your money is my concern. When you spend this much on a stationery product, it really should be beyond compare. This simply is not.  There are better choices considering the price. If this was about $15-$20 maybe I'd say it's pretty and does the job. Yet, it's still unsteady if you need to move it periodically.  There are many better cost effective choices.
I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! On Avery's web site they have their Consumer Service Center shown as Brea, California. I called the number listed (1-800-462-8379) and was given several choices of support. There is an option for templates and software, products, and all other issues. Any of the options you choose whether you're calling from the US or Canada will route you to their "call center" in Manilla, Philippines. In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China, not Brea, California, USA. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products. It would be really nice if Avery was up-front on their web site and list their "Consumer Service Center" as Manilla ;o)**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. I was able to use a big text size and printed the row of 5-tab labels quickly and easy.Once I had my labels printed out, I was able to lay down the row of tab sheets (you can not do this if the tabs are already in the notebook), align, rub-down into place, and then peel away the outside edging. If you have a lot of tabs to make at once this product would be very helpful. You get 10 sets of 5-tab rows per sheet.On the other hand, I still like using the Avery 612797 tabs which has 80 tabs per sheet and better for times when you just need to print a couple tabs.
To use this product, first of all you have to download a template from the Avery website. Not necessarily a bad thing, but a time drain if you're on a time crunch putting together the final steps of a presentation. Then when you do have the template you find that the spaces you have to type your title in are ridiculously small - you have to play with font and size until it fits. Again, another time drain. In my case, the ultimate failure was that the tabs did not extend past the edge of my paper in the binder, making it look as if there was any organization. This required a mad rush to the local office supply store to purchase the old fashioned type of tabs, which looked much better. I would not recommend this product at all.
The white board part of it may be nice, but no matter how hard I tried and tightened the locks, the back leg would slip out.I could not get it to stand up while writing on it.I don't think the plastic locks are strong enough.  Maybe mine is defective, but I'm guessing, it is just poor design.
Or maybe not for my computer???  However, if I'm having problems, there may be others out there who would experience the same frustration.My opinion may not be fair, because the trouble I had could be related to my PC.  I have never attempted to make my own business cards before, but I have been able (without any training) to make some basic projects with Publisher, such as gift certificates.  I routinely do flyers that require clip art.  So I didn't expect to have any problem with this Avery product.Avery DOES supply a contact number you can call to get help, but frankly I really dislike getting instructions over the phone, so I did not take advantage of this offer.  I would have preferred some trouble shooting tips listed online or on a sheet of paper in the packet.First, I had trouble downloading the template.  I gave up after eight tries in three different sessions. I finally settled for the totally blank card setup that I was able to get access to. I could not get the program to accept clip art most of the time.  I had trouble getting one of the seven lines to center.  When I finally was able to paste clip art onto the card, I could not control where it went AND all the copy I had set up disappeared...never to be seen again.  Some day...many months from now, I may come back and try this again.  Or I may give the product away and let someone else struggle with it.  For now, I have a lot of wasted time and no business cards to show for it.
While the idea of using something environmentally friendly appeals to me, this item is not manufactured well. I put them together as I have every other box like this, and the ones I had absolutely did not stand up to use. I put my files in (which honestly weren't very heavy) and the box couldn't take it. I ran out and bought the original ones and they held up fine. I definitely do not recommend these!
As one of those people who "thumb through" my folders, I like the reinforcement along the top 1" edge of these folders. It keeps the folders standing up straight, for better visibility.But these folders....I've never seen such a mess.  I thought I was imagining things when I noticed they weren't sitting uniformly in my folders.  Now that I take them all out and look at them from several angles, I see that these folders are not all the same height! In fact, only one third of them are all the same height. The rest are within a 1/4 inch of each other up or town.Two folders are very roughly cut, which might indicate the "cutter" was off on the assembly line.  Or they haven't gotten all the kinks worked out for this product.As it is, I've wasted a sheet of labels and must re-start a tedious job.  I will give away these folders, as they are unusable for my purposes.Even if they hadn't been defective, I was shocked by how flimsy the paper is.
I was really suprised that Swingline would make such a cheap product. First off I thought that the look of it was nice-it has a shiny look to it but then when I touched it I realized that it was made of some sort of cheap plastic. And even worse-when I loaded it with staples it kepts jamming. I tried using it for 2, 5, 10 and 15 pages(it claims that it can handle up to 15 per staple) and each time it jammed up even two pages!  I had to use a stapler removal to get the mangled staple out of my documents.Spend a little more and get one that won't jam as much as this piece of junk did!Skip!
It seems like these staplers are getting more flimsy each year. This one has very light weight plastic and very lightweight metal. When you pick it up, it feels like a very low quality product. I did not get good results with it and am not happy with it. I would suggest spending a little more and getting a more solidly built model.
My husband is self-employed here at our home and was in a better position to test this item than I was, as I have to have my legs propped up at all times while sitting. Well he tried it out and felt it to be a very dangerous item as it got in the way and was easy to trip over, etc. Adjusting it for your own particular needs, he also felt to be complex and too difficult for someone sitting in a regular office without all the tools that he has handy. I'm not sure what he did with it, but it sure isn't under his feet.
I've used many three ring binders in my life and this is by far the cheapest in quality of any I've ever used.  Being that I am not keen on leaving a single star review for products, always trying to find redeeming qualities, this is one of the rare products that really is not worthy of purchase unless it can be found at a dollar store and you are desperate for a matte white binder.  Mine arrived with some dirt inside the rear cover's clear sheet and I cannot for the life of me get it out.  Because the material is so thin and flimsy, I will not try any more for fear of tearing it.  The corners of the binder are each already bent and the cardboard structure is clearly less sturdy than any of the other binders I currently have in my home or office.  The 1 1/2 inches of this binder will hold more papers than I would trust to be protected by this binder.  With a basic round three ring hardware attached to the rear of the cover, I expect that a full binder would fall apart very quickly.  I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this binder.
This review is from: Smead Expanding File, Custom Printed Stock, Open Top, Jan-Dec Index, 12x10 Inch (70488) (Office Product)Vine Customer Review of Free Product (What's this?)I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason:Don't tell me something is &#34;leather-like&#34;, and then send me a product that is made 100% of paper products. The only thing &#34;leather-like&#34; about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio. I won't reward a misleading product description in any way.Further, they made a design mistake on how they apply the &#34;skin&#34; they think makes it look &#34;leather-like&#34;. There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file. However, the &#34;skin&#34; was glued on last, over the top of the corner reinforcement. It won't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner, either from humidity or general wear. When that happens it will spread, and eventually the file will look pretty bad.I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider. It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it. However, should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it, that is an issue. While you can get a file folder to slide into it, it is not at all convenient to do so, and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section, where the accordion side is at its widest. If you want to put a few file folders in it, you'll be out of luck. Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem. If you've ever put receipts into a file like this, and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them, you'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents.They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch. Maybe in their dreams. Yes, if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket, sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom, you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch. It wouldn't stay there, nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width.I've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior, IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into, and has a fold over top which closes with velcro ... to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk. I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison, and both are essentially the same price.
The Quartet ReWritables Mini Dry-Erase Marker set is a great concept but poorly executed.Pros:None that I can think of...  Oh.  How about this:  The black marker writes dark enough that it can be read from across the room.  Whooo Hooo!And, wow, I just thought of another one: The erasers work!  Stunning accolades, for sure.Cons:The yellow might as well be invisible, and the rest of the colors are too pale to be read from more than a few feet away. As I noted above, the only marker that can be read from a distance is the black.The magnets are so weak that they are close to being useless.  I have aQuartet ReWritables Daily Quick Liston my refrigerator door, along with the black marker.  When the door is closed the marker slides down the door and drops onto the floor.  I tested the magnets on the other markers and they were just as bad. The only solution that I can see is to super-glue a decent magnet to the black marker.Disappointing, to say the least.Update, June 2014: Even after I glued the magnet to the black marker, I was still not happy with it.  Within a very short time the color in the marker faded, as if it was already running out of ink.  I ditched the set and replaced it withLow-Odor Dry Erase Markers, Ultra-Fine Point, Assorted Colors, Set of 8.
I previously gave the markers four stars, but after using them for a longer amount of time, I'm giving them one star.  Like I said in my previous review, the colors are too light, and they are also pretty tiny.  If you keep your board on the refrigerator like I do, then the markers will fall off if you shut the door.  The blue one fell off one day, and the magnet broke off.  What REALLY made me mad and why I'm giving this a one-star rating is that it permanently stained my board.  I've tried using the erasers, I've tried using water and scrubbing at it with a paper towel, but the marker stains just won't come off!  I'm very upset.  Now, I have to buy a new dry erase board!
This cork board is very thin cork on a piece of cardboard, held together in a particle board frame.  If any portion of the frame gets damaged the bulletin board is useless.  If one corner gets damaged, the frame won't hold together.  I thought cork boards were pretty standard, so I was pretty floored by how cheaply this one is made.  Pass on this one.  Look for one with a real wood frame...
This thing is made out of cardboard.  The frame is some kind of composite something that broke in transit.  It's held together with metal pieces that don't go back together it they break.Complete and utter waste.
I would never, ever purchase this again, or recommend it to a friend. It's light as a feather, and flimsy as can be. It even arrived chipped. Quartet actually gives you real hardware to anchor this POC to the wall! Funny...To further prove it's low quality, my cat scratched it once and it easily ripped open. This thing is cheap.
This is the first time I've had a stapler for a large number of pages.  It was a pleasure to use.  Then it simply fell apart.  I have to reassemble this to get it to work each time.  I will throw it away when I get a new stapler.  Can't recommend it.
Made with cheap materials and comes in MANY, MANY pieces to put together. Nothing seems to fit square and when it is together I noticed that the shelf actually bows from just one ream of paper on it and the top, where I put my Konica magicolor 2500 printer, seems to also bow down the top from the weight of the printer. So pretty much worthless.Do not buy this stand.....I'm going to either trash it or let it be in a corner for little trinkets that don't weigh hardly anything. What a waste of time and effort putting it together.
I live in an old school full of dry erase boards, so I have a lot of old shadowy dry erase ghosting on the boards, so I was really excited to try a product capable of removing even permanent marker by just adding water, as these purport to do.They do not. You can scrub your butt off, but they won't even remove old dry erase, much less permanent marker.The only thing they will remove is fresh dry erase, which you can already remove with anything from a kleenex to the side of your hand. Total bust.
I put 4 sheets folded in half into the shredder and rather than cutting it up, this shredder only managed to mangle the pieces.  I actually pulled out a part of the document the size of the palm of my hand and could easily still read the information on it, though it was punctured and torn (but still intact).  Even the pieces that did managed to get "shredded" were far too large for a cross-cut shredder, in my opinion.  If you want security, try another brand.
Two shredding sessions on the first day... 10-15 minutes each.  Then it died. Amazon replaced it promptly - but that one didn't work at all out of the box.  Returning for a refund.  I will look for another brand of shredder.
Why improve the tape roll with something lame? That should have been the question someone asked when this product was designed. This thing ran out of tape in 2 seconds and it cumbersome and awkward. I would not recommend it at all. Zero stars.
I purchased this quite awhile back but never got around to using it.  I plugged it in for the first time today. It started to heat up but turned off after a couple of minutes. Tried letting it cool back down, moving outlets, etc. but nothing works.Unmitigated junk..
The two main draws of this envelope from it's description are the easy seal ("Reveal-N-Seal") patented technology, and the blue patterning on the inside of the envelope to obscure what's inside. Unfortunately neither works well. The reveal-n-seal is a strip in the middle to top third of the envelope that you fold up to reveal the adhesive. It's better than licking the glue on an envelope. But the standard type of adhesive where you peel away the waxy paper strip on the top flap is easiest, simplest, and works best. In short, the reveal-n-seal technology (patented) is un-necessary and tries too hard. It's an envelope! Worse, the blue patterning inside won't completely conceal what's inside. I tested it by placing a check inside and you could tell what was in there. Not recommended.
The first disappointment with this product came after opening the package. It's nothing more than a cheap and unattractive piece of plastic -- nothing you'd want to hang on your wall. The second major problem is the size. Although it might technically be 8.5 by 11 inches, the interior volume of the sleeve is smaller. Therefore whatever object you place inside it will have to be smaller than a standard-size piece of paper. Due to these flaws the product was useless to me.
I've used tissue that seemed more sturdy than this board. The magnets are very weak. The board fell right off the fridge and the plastic boarder cracked. Not very well made at all.
The basics: Textured plastic surface (probably to aid old-school ball mice to track) with a Post-It-type glue back to hold in place either on your desk or on the top of your laptop when you're on the go.My reaction: I do not like the feel of the textured surface. It irritated my hand as I used the mouse. My optical mouse did not like the pattern on the surface, and the cursor would jump occasionally. Not very useful. I get better results just using the mouse on the table top.
I have had this thing for about an hour now and am sooooooo ready to throw it away. When I first opened the box I "thought" I was impressed with the quality feel of it's build...but soon learned it is just a thicker plastic crappy body versus thinner plastic.  Most would think, "Hey, thicker plastic...sounds stronger"....uh no, just more cumbersome and heavy for no reason because the doors and hinges are still fragile.  The tray you see sticking out of the back is removable to make storing it a bit easier because you will want to store it.  There are no doors or covers to close off the back of the unit, which is where you feed the paper object in you want to laminate....this is a stupid design because it leaves the laminating roll open to dust and whatever things are floating around in the air settling on your desk or wherever you store this (think animal fur and dust balls....LOTS of them because this sucker is LOADED with static and will attract EVERYTHING that comes near it).  The rear opening is just 2 layers of tape essentially that come together over your paper...the sticky is all exposed in the rear and if it even catches the smallest hair or dust...helllllllo permanent bubbles on your so-called laminated paper.Now, using this thing...no heat, so no plug (the only YAY for this thing).  There is a handle on the LEFT side that you rotate slowly in a clockwise direction as you manually push your paper through the back.  The idea is that those 2 sheets of tape will adhere on top & bottom of your paper and pop out the front looking all laminated...and a simply swipe of a razor blade (which is safely contained) will trim the edge leaving your machine ready for the next job...nice theory Scotch.  1st thing, what percentage of the population is right handed versus left handed??  I'm not really sure and don't really care but can say that being right handed I would have preferred that handle to be on the right side since the rotation of that is the most important part of the process.  Getting the rotation timed just right with your other hand pushing the paper through is VERY important...and in my hour of trying this thing, darn near impossible!Your papers will 95% of the time come out with bubbles and 99.9% of the time have creases, sometimes severe creases.  You can sometimes work the bubbles out by taking a soft towel or something similar and rubbing like your life depends upon it...or sticking a needle in the middle of the hole and also rubbing til you sweat to smooth it out.  The creases...yeah, they aren't going anywhere so learn to like them if you get this machine.  If you are lucky (and it surely is luck cuz this thing is not predictable) and happen to get a paper to come out looking rather good...take a picture because it is probably the last.  As with all laminators, you need to trim the edges, but don't trim too close (needs 1/2" to remain adhered together) or the ends will unstick and then your paper looks even worse than when it first came out of the machine (who woulda thunk that could be possible?).  EVERYTHING that comes out of it needs to be pressed/rubbed to get it all stuck together because the built-in roller that is supposed to do that is a joke.I will give Scotch one thing...the roller is super easy to change and comes in a glossy or matte finish.  I haven't had the luxury to try the matte finish...but with the hair that I have pulled outta my head in the past hour, don't think I'm gonna be giving it a try.  For smaller objects (like ID cards), good ol' tape across each side and then trimmed works a heck of a lot better than this...is cheaper and takes less time.  For larger sheets of paper, buy something else or find a Kinkos because this is a total waste of money.  Out of 23 things I laminated in the past hour, 4 look OK and only 1 came out some-what nice.  Such a disappointment!!
This uses non standard packing tape rolls, forcing you to look for and buy special sized Scotch ones. This fact makes this tape dispenser practically useless and you are much better off getting theScotch HB-903 Scotch Tartan Pistol Grip Box Sealing Tape Dispenser, Uses 2"-Wide Tapeinstead. The Tartan one has provided me years of usage both at home and in my business. And it uses industry standard 2" wide tape rolls of any length.Maybe if you are a Grandma who only tapes a package once a year around the holidays or something like that, this would work for you but that is the only type of customer who could use this product over something more utilitarian and industry standard. Even Grandma would have to work very hard to locate the special proprietary refill tape rolls for this tape dispenser rather than just buy any standard tape roll! Would you want to put her through that? Not me.In summary, I would absolutely not recommend this product to anyone.
My bad. I did not read the fine print: requires OS 10.6 or greater. It won't work on my trusty workhorse, the MacBook, version 1.I will update this review when I buy a new laptop, but based on many, many reviews, it sounds like this is not all it's cracked up to be.
Amazon's little personalized box says these will fit my MP610 printer.  Not so.  The MP610 takes CLI-8 color cartridges.  The pictured CLI-221 cartridges are for use with the 610's successor, the MP560 (Canon's retrograde numbering system for its printers confuses matters even more).  Be sure not to pay postage for the return.
I'm sure there is nothing wrong with this ink, but it does not work with the Canon MP610 printer.  Amazon's webpage indicates it is compatible and there is even a picture of the MP610 on the enclosed brochure, so Canon is under the same misconception.As always, Amazon's return procedures make it easy to send items back for a full refund.
Panasonic has a smaller footprint than this dinosaur, and results in sharper pencils, faster.My old Panasonic's grindings container broke because I dropped it.  It was four years old but far superior to this uninspired clunker.
This printer was shipped to me with no outer brown box to conceal what I was getting; a label was stuck onto the box that it comes in and there were huge pictures of the product with "HP Printer" printed all over it. You could see it on my porch from the next county. Anyone who might have been put off about stealing an ambiguous plain brown box might not have had any problem at all with stealing a brand new high end color printer from my porch, and Fedex did not even bother to knock to let me know something had been left. This may be because I got this from the Vine program, but even having gotten this product gratis I am very perturbed with the lack of discretion of the shipping department.This is not lightweight, it takes up more space than our multi-function 11x17 printer, theBrother MFC-5890CN, and it's not going to replace it because we need the larger prints for client review plans. However, the print quality is vastly superior-- it has been on every HP printer I've ever worked with or owned. Even line drawings on regular 8  x 11 sheets are super-crisp, and color photos and rendered 3D models look superb on even regular paper. This thing spits out text pages before I can turn around to reach for them, and no setting your egg timer and waiting for those crisp color images, either. I honestly did not expect the speed to match the print quality, but it surpassed anything I ever hoped for and beyond.Setting up is easy, but there are six different cartridges you have to put in. Four are ink cartridges-- separate colors means less waste, and HP makes it impossible to put the cartridges in the wrong way, or to put cyan in the magenta slot, and so forth. The ink slot is on the front-- easy to get to, easy to replace. The other two are printer heads that slip directly downward through the top of the printer. I am guessing that at some point these printer heads will need to be replaced (never had to deal with these on a previous HP so I don't know) but what's nice about them is that they have retractable handles on them so that they lift in and out easily, from fitted slots that make it impossible to put the wrong printer head into the wrong slot.Letting it set itself up after turning it on is a bit confusing since it was difficult to tell when it was done. It has to do this internal test stuff before you plug it into/connect it with your PC during the driver installation. I know everyone loves wireless, but the PC we'll be using this with the most does not have wireless capability, and it would be nice if HP would include a 4 or 5 foot USB cable for this purpose instead of making us having to search for an extra or run out and buy one after getting set up to a certain point. It's a little thing that could reduce a lot of initial customer frustration, even for those who have wireless capability and simply choose to use cables, or for those experiencing difficulties with wireless setup.The LCD touch screen is easy to use without picking up a manual. The only way to improve this would have been to make it tilt forward for using the printer on a higher shelf. It takes just about any kind of media card you can think of if you're not printing from your computer, and gives all kinds of options to receive images, like email or sending directly to an image editing program on your PC. There is a junk fax blocker that comes with it, which is really nice, and an automatic email button. So I can scan and directly email it to someone if I had it directly connected to the network. Turning off the wireless is not complicated, but you do have to read the manual to know how... if you don't this will cause conflicts. Once it's off, it functions fine. Printing on two sides is effortless and automatic, and can I just mention the quality and speed again? No paper jams, so quiet... it even LOOKS good.Mine is a small business, and if I didn't need 11x17 prints this printer would be at the top of my list as an investment for my needs for so many different things. It would be the only printer I own, and if it's the only printer you ever own, you'll be very happy with it.09/29/2010 UPDATE: This printer broke after about 18 months of light use 3 to 4 days a week. A gear inside a box deep inside the unit gave out. We had a professional repairman examine it, and the part was cheap. However, it was doubtful that he could get the part, and even if he could, the labor to take it apart and put it back together would equal or even exceed the cost of a new printer. I think the scanner on it still works, but we need a printer to PRINT. We were not printing hundreds of pages a day 24/7 on this and it should have lasted MUCH longer than what it did. It pains me to have to reduce the rating on this item to one star, but the use we got out of it isn't worth it. Either pass on this one or proceed with caution. I am honestly stunned that a Hewlett Packard printer failed like this so quickly.
This printer has a lot of features (copying, scanning, faxing, duplex printing, duplex auto-feed) for the price, but you will end up paying an arm and a leg in ink costs if you use it very often.Like:- Image and scan quality (consistent w/ Canon's usual great performance)- Auto feed duplex scanning: you can easily scan or copy a stack of paper- Duplex printing: great paper saver- Dual tray loading (rear and cassette)Dislike:- Wireless setup is a major pain.  They need to rework this.  It is unnecessarily hard(!)- Ink usage, even with light use, is very high.I've owned canon products for years and thought this "business" class machine would be a little more reasonable on ink usage.  Our office uses a full set of ink every two months or so.  This is really a deal-killer in the long term, and brings a 5-star printer down to 2 or 3 stars.Update: The worst part is that if a color cartridge is out, you can't even use the thing.  No scanning.  No black and white printing.  I'm giving this thing away on craigslist for free I think.
Avery Products have been around for such a long time, their name is synonymous with labels, quality labels!  But something happened with these hand label pads;  they are not necessarily needed, and their usage is limited.  This is the kind of product that gets lost in the office or home!Yes, the labels can be carried in your purse, briefcase, or manbag, whatever you carry.  They can be used to jot down notes, addresses while in the car or work; the small plastic bag is handy for carrying the labels for multipurpose usage.  You can use them for mailing labels as I have done.  You must write fairly small for this task.The labels are conveniently stacked on a hard backing for writing.  Three colors are available.  This would make color coding good while using office files.  The labels are made with a small section for grabbing the label without touching and adhesive, however the labels do curl up if not careful.So....what's the problem??  THEY DON'T HAVE ENOUGH ADHESIVE !!!  So, carry your Scotch clear tape with you, otherwise, you are writing on paper.A better product, try theAvery To/From Shipping Label Pad, 40 Labels (45280).....Rizzo
Not much to comment on:Pros: 3 different colors, nice clean design, removable tab, reusable, writable, doesn't leave glue residue behind, 120 labels / $3.79 or 3.2 pennies per label, with free shipping if you have Amazon Prime or net purchase of > $25.Cons: NOT VERY STICKY, not printable.  These labels come off so easily from most surfaces that I find them not very helpful at all.  This defeats the purpose of having a label and negates all pro points; hence the 1/5 star.
I won't restate other reviewers but add that I also found nothing in my package to order a scale and only one postcard offering $10 credit.  I uploaded a photo to show package contents.I wanted this to work as I have to make weekly trips to the post office to have packages weighed for mailing.  Even if my mailing costs exceed the $10 credit, I'll still be paying an additional $8 a month for the privilege of printing my postage at home.I'll save $100 a year and a lot of hassle by just taking my packages to the post office.You can mail any package from home weighing less than 13 oz. using regular stamps.  You can get all the details at the USPS website (search for first class mail prices) but here are some of the costs:7oz  $2.248oz  $2.419oz  $2.5810oz  $2.7511oz  $2.9212oz  $3.09
When I first received this kit, I was impressed by all the different types of Avery labels included and really looked forward to trying everything out with the free $45 in postage it advertised.  I created my account, entered my promo code, and couldn't figure out why I only had a $5 credit.  Then I read the fine print on the packaging that isn't included in the Amazon information and found that I get the additional $40 after 30 days.  Unfortunately, at the 30 day mark, they are going to bill me the $17.99 monthly fee too.  So, I'll use my $5 and cancel the account.  There is no reason for me to pay $18 a month for the same service I can get for free through Paypal or USPS.The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because the included labels are very nice.  I hope Amazon revises this item to include the critical information about only getting a $5 credit upfront and having to pay a $17.99 fee to get the next $40.Edited: It got even worse.  I tried to print the 11 stamps I could print with the $5 in free postage and the software can't find my wireless printer (even though every other piece of software on my computer finds it just fine).  I attempted to print to what they chose as default and, of course, it didn't print.  So, I tried to get the money back and the link to request a refund, conveniently, doesn't work.  I went to call customer service to cancel, and they are only open Monday - Friday.  So, now I have to wait until Monday and deal with them while I'm at work.  Because of this, I had to take away a star.  I would take away two, but I'm already at the lowest rating.I also read through the fine print again (and after reading other reviews) and saw that the kit should come with four postcards for $10 in free postage.  You can only use one $10 credit per month, but that wouldn't matter for me anyway because my kit only came with one postcard.
I am a nice reviewer.  As I've grown accustomed to Amazon's reviews and descriptions, it's really rare for me to buy something (or select something) that I don't already know I will really enjoy.It's going to take a lot for me to say something deserves only one star.This deserves zero stars.There are several reasons.  One is that it immeadiately demanded a credit card number before I tried out the product.  Even if I just want to look at the software, see how it handles mail merges or label printing or whatever, I have to give it a credit card or it just plain doesn't work at all.  The CD came with a "promo code" that did not work when I entered it in.  Not that it mattered, because this offer appears to be the default, code or not.It's pretty hard to use this unless you know exactly how much your product weighs.  That's how it works with postage most of the time, of course.  The scale requires you to pay and wait, it's only 5 pounds, and I just don't think it makes sense to eat up some of my trial period waiting for a scale I need.  This 'starter kit' really should have included that.  I would have been willing to pay ten bucks for the kit with the scale.  Of course, they are claiming the scale is free instead of simply charging you upfront.The free postage rebate is far outweighed in fees.  You get ten dollars back, but you have to follow a very silly postcard per month process while paying $18.  I hate these sorts of slow rebates with needless hassle and paperwork.  by the time you get $40, you have spent $72 on fees.  WORSE, you have spent 5 months at least.  And you spent more if you got the scale you really must get to make good use of this.So really, you're paying $8 a month for the first few months, for a product that isn't much better than the USPS shipping label printer.  And that's if you manage the hassle of the 'free' postage postcards for four months.  All in all, the claim "includes $45 in postage" is simply a lie.  It comes with $5 postage.  That's all.  To get more, you have to pay them more than you get back.I don't mind paying for this product.  A system that manages my postage would be a big help.  I sell things online and could use it.  Just be straight with me.  Don't make me jump through hoops.  If they had discounted the fee for the first few months, instead of this stupid plan, included a scale in the kit, this would have saved Avery customers needless hassle.The software is up to the task, the labels are very good (I like the 3 in one labels which print your postage, return address, and 'to' address), but it's nothing amazing, and the value of the product is actually negative.  It's a great concept, but every single step is a surprise that feels like I just lost the gimmick lottery.It was much easier, even after I installed this sucker and dug through my wallet for my Visa card, to just drive on down to the post office and let Patty determine my shipping charges.
I don't see why anyone would buy this product.You only get $5 instead of $45 like the package states unless you sign-up for [...] and give them your credit card information.Upon googling about [...]. they have terrible customer service and bill peoples credit cards erroneously .Basically you are just getting highly overpriced labels, and software that took a tole on my computer. It took me almost a whole day to repair my computer and software back the way it was before I put this on it.Unless you are looking to spend money on absolutely nothing in gain and/or looking to destroy a computer... BEWARE - STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!!!
This "starter kit" is really just a bunch of labels and the fabulous opportunity to get ripped off with a monthly subscription to a service you don't need. The descriptor is very misleading and doesn't include $45 worth of postage (just $5) and you have to register for Stamps.com and give them your credit card to activate your benefits. Then you have to remember to cancel on time, or they'll charge you $18 per month to do exactly what you can do on [...], Paypal, or eBay. Maybe this was useful before the major sites got the capability to print postage, but now it's obsolete and feels like very "slick" marketing.
I really like the Avery line of products and I've been a loyal customer for years. This, however, is not a product that inspires confidence. The labels are great - the same Avery quality that I've come to expect - but the "free" postage isn't free and only comes after buying a few months' worth of membership at Stamps.com (currently $15.99/month).The kit also includes instructions to order a free postal scale. I've tried to order but the scale has never arrived (this is after several months).I actually don't mind going to the post office and find it very convenient and quick, but I don't mind trying out something new that might save me even more time. I sell a lot of books and thought that an online postage service would be handy, but this just hasn't worked out for me. I like that I can print out Media Mail postage (some online services don't provide that service), but I also make a lot of international shipments and I still have to go to the post office for those. All in all, this kit hasn't saved me any time, and that is the number one reason I wanted to try it.Perhaps if someone mails numerous packages each week this is a worthwhile membership, but it doesn't fit my needs. I don't like that the package promises one thing but the many lines of fine print actually point to something different. I'm not surprised that "free" doesn't mean free, but more transparency in the actual offer would be appreciated.
I do occasional selling on eBay and Amazon, so I jumped at the chance to review this for the Amazon Vines program. I'm so, so glad I didn't actually pay for it."$45 in postage*" the description promises. (*$5 immediately, and $40 after 30 days)."Four weeks of service included*" (*and $17.99/month afterward, which is almost half of that $40 in postage they promised [28&lt;30. Do the math])"Free postage scale* (*just pay shipping and handling)"Free delivery confirmation with Priority Mail services" (something that is available through the USPS website to anyone using Priority Mail).And so on.What's actually in the package is a bunch of mailing labels and a CD. You do get some mailing management software, but, unless you do mass shipping, it's not clear it's that much better than the interface eBay and Paypal already provide. If you jump through a bunch of hoops, and pay an exorbitant monthly fee, you'll get some value back in postage. Not worth it
Avery has joined forces with stamps.com to offer this "starter kit" for print-at-home postage, and while the box makes big, great-sounding promises: "Four Free Weeks of Service!" and "$45 Free Postage" ... the fine print reveals some major drawbacks.First, the "free" postage. Actually, it's only $5, not $45, unless you subscribe to stamps.com $15.99/month service. And even then it's not $40, it's $10 per month via four separate coupons (my kit had only one), redeemable only via a mail and requiring an ADDITIONAL "6-8 weeks" of waiting, FOR EACH. Oh and the postcard must be mailed using an Avery stamp and stamps.com postage, notch. Oh and, that "four weeks" of free service? It's actually 14 days. When you sign up, they state clearly they'll charge your credit card for a month's service if you don't call and cancel, "within 14 days."The (ridiculously high, in my opinion) monthly service fee is prohibitive unless you're mailing upwards of $200-$400/month on a regular basis, so that leaves most home users out. Since the postage MUST be printed on stamps.com approved labels, that's another continuing and significant expense, above and beyond the $15.99 monthly fee and postage costs. I also read complaints from people online that cancellation is very difficult (you have to call and get the hard sell from operators) and can not be done online, leaving some with endless auto debits (the only method stamps.com allows for payment), even when they're not using the service.All you're actually getting with this kit is 5 pages of self-stick, printable mailing labels (10 total), 4 pages of "3-part mailing labels pages" and 5 stamp pages (20 stamps per page).In short, this is NOT something useful to most people who use USPS simply to send cards, pay bills and mail the occasional package. Unless you're currently making daily runs to the post office and sending 10-20 packages per week, stamps.com service likely won't pay off for you. And if you DO need this service--high volume eBay or Amazon Marketplace sellers, for instance--stamps.com own trial offer (which comes with the same label/stamp printing kit), postage credits, PLUS a 10 lb. USB postage scale that automatically integrates with their system and makes the whole thing MUCH easier to use, is probably a better deal.Again, and only in the fine print, Avery acknowledges a postage scale is required to fully utilize the stamps.com service. The Avery kit claims you can get a 5 lb. postage scale (that does NOT hook up to your computer or integrate with the stamps.com software) by submitting a mail-in form and, "just pay[ing] shipping and handling." My kit lacked said form but I have a sneaking suspicion that "shipping and handling" would exceed the cost of the scale in the first place. (You can buy a basic 5 lb. postage scale for >$15 at most office supply stores.)Lastly, the Avery/stamps.com system will only work with Windows PCs. Max and Linux users are out of luck. In fact, the packaging says it only works with Vista, but Windows 7 machines seem to access everything OK too. (Stamps.com entire site only works with Windows running Internet Explorer, making it a web dinosaur. Some areas won't function under Firefox or other browsers. Who under the age of 65 uses IE?)If you do use lots of postage, stamps.com might be a good deal--for instance, you get electronic rate discounts on larger mail items and extra services--but I think there are better ways to use/access the service than via this Avery starter kit. And if you're only mailing things online, there are other places to print online postage, without a monthly fee, including the U.S. Postal Service's own website.EDIT: For some reason, even though the service name and free postage amount claim are listed in the TITLE OF THIS PRODUCT, Amazon.com redacted all references in my review to the service these Avery labels require you to use for postage and the amounts of free postage promised and/or given. I don't get that at all (especially when such things NOT redacted in a previous review) and I have no idea how you're supposed to review the labels when you can't reference the service you must subscribe to use them and the claims made on the packaging.
I would give this 5 stars for great adhesive and removability but the little tear off piece is terrible. The perforation is useless leaving a jagged ugly edge. I understand why they tried to market it this way since people are use to the pad form of Post-it products but these would have been much more user friendly had they left them as individual wax paper backed labels and sold them in the same zip lock storage pouch they already came in.I much prefer their product called Color-Coding Labels sold in an 8.5x11 sheet size format with waxed paper backing for easy removable labels. There are 4 colors rather then just two and they have clean rounded edges for a much nicer finished look. They can be printed on with your printer (the package I received was for laser, not sure they make them for inkjet?) but they are nice to hand write on as well and they are smaller labels 1''x2-5/8'' so they are great on file folders as well as other applications. They need to work on the above product some more I would not recommend them as they are now.
I tried these and the glue is too sticky.  When I tried to remove them, they torn the pages in my book.  :(
Pros:They are bright and come in assorted colors for easy color coding of filesThey run very well through the printer and come out cleanCons:They don't re-stick once they are peeled offThey come off in one piece, but leave a sticky residue on the file/folderThey are more pricey than regular stickies with no added benefitsYou can't cleanly write on them instead of putting them in the printerOverall, Don't waste your money on these.  They essentially do the same thing that regular, store brand labels do.  The only exception is that they come in neat colors.  I found that printing on them works well,  but where they fall short is the peeling and re=sticking.  They come off, but leave a mark and then are not truly sticky enough to reapply and leave for a long period of time, which is the feature that I thought would make these labels worth paying the extra money for.  Also, I liked the idea of being able to color code files, these work great for that, but the fun colors alone aren't worth paying the extra cost.  I have found that I can use regular labels and print the letters themselves in color-which allows me to use the cheaper labels, but still have a color coded system that works just as well at a fraction of the cost.  In an economy where every penny counts, save yourself some money and pass on these over-priced, under performing labels!!
I'd had high hopes to save time by printing up a batch of these return address labels. Unfortunately, due to two problems, they're unsuitable for such use:1. The label size is not among the predefined sizes used in MS Office Word 2007, so I went to 3M's website in search of a template. Even that didn't work correctly. Though it appeared formatted perfectly on my computer the print overlapped the left margin by 2 letters on every single column. Repeated efforts to fix this weren't successful.2. Also, the label height is such that you can only get 2 lines of default (11 pt) size type on them. That's enough for a street address on one line, with City, State and Zip on another. In other words, there's insufficient space for your name, much less an apartment or suite number.I probably could've remedied the second problem by reducing the font to a smaller size but then it would be so small some people might find it unreadable. The first problem couldn't be corrected at all, unfortunately.
At first glance the Avery PocketTabs (5.125 x 6 inches, CD Size) seemed like an interesting idea. A plastic tab that holds CDs, photos and more. On second glance I wondered exactly what would I do with this product.I can put CDs or photos in the plastic tabs. They fit inside nicely. Now what? Should I paste my CDs into an album? Should I paste them on a wall? What can I do with these plastic tabs that I couldn't do with other products? I am sure that given enough time I'll figure it out. Meanwhile I am still waiting for inspiration to strike. Until it does, I am afraid that these Avery PocketTabs will sit in my desk drawer doing little to nothing.The Avery PocketTabs may well be a product solution looking for a problem.
I obtainted this product via the Vine Program (sample product is supplied to Vine members at no cost for evaluation)as I thought it would provide a nice storage sleeve for either a CD/DVD or similar flat items.  Based upon the description of the package, one would expect that this product could be added to some type of binder (reference is made to being able to tab through them).  This simply is not the case, there are no provisions in the holder to be added to any type of binder.Reference is also made to being able to open and close the sleeve easily.  That is also not the case.  While there is a plastic cutout that can be inserted into th sleeve, it is difficult to use without being able to flex the sleeve (impossible to do if you have anything that take up very much of the sleeve).There are tabs on the top of sleeve (they are all located in the center of the sleeve so forget about easy indexing)so that you could place them loosely into a box.  There is also a place on each sleeve where an Avery cover is placed over a sticky surface on the sleeve.  The cover is NOT intended to be written upon.  Instead, it appears to be there to cover up the sticky surface until you peel it away and then place a special Avery label onto the sticky surface.I have tried finding a use for this product, but have not had any luck!  It appears that this product was originally designed for a special purpose that was either scrapped or failed and that the company is looking for some way of salvaging their investments in parts.If you are looking for a CD/DVD sleeve, buy one made specifically for that purpose.  If you are looking for a business card holder, there are several good ones out there specifically designed for that purpose.  If you want to store pictures, again, there are very good products specifically designed for this purpose.  Trying to force this product to do any of those jobs is just a waste of time and money.
This packet of Avery Pocket Tabs doesn't have any significant qualities that make it stand out in a crowded market that already has various CD/DVD cases for safe storage. These soft plastic cases don't have soft pads inside to protect your CD or DVD and just a tab sticking on the top doesn't make it unique. I much rather use hard plastic cases that provide protection from breakage and scratching on the surface. This is a soft case which makes it unsuitable for CD and DVD.
Updated Review:We've been using these in our home with light use by two of our children over the past few months.  At least half of them have broken apart at the joint in such a way that they can't be fixed.  I would never recommend these, especially in a classroom where they would get heavier use.Original Review:I really like these scissors.  They're sharp to cut with (I can't stand the paper only scissors), but blunt so it's safer.  I love that  they're right or left handed and I love the color assortment.  The size is nice too - easy for both kids and adults to use.As others have pointed out the "stand" is just plastic packaging and is basically false advertising.  If it didn't say that it included a stand I would have given it five stars.  The packaging bows in the middle so half the scissors don't stay upright, and it's so lightweight that it easily falls over.  If it didn't say it came with a stand you would literally throw the packaging out and not think anything of it.I agree with another reviewer that the colors looked dirty somehow where they meet the secondary color, but that's cosmetic and relatively minor.Overall they're a solid product.
Although I love the pastel colors, this item is wasteful.Unfortunately, I'll never use the note tabs.
I'm a longtime user of all sizes of post-it notes and flags to mark pages in books. If I want to write on my note, I'll use a yellow note page, and if I just want to mark the page, I'll usually use a flag. I thought I'd give these heavy duty note tabs a try to see what they would be like. I'm not impressed, especially given the cost. They are certainly sturdy, and I was able to write on them easily. I found them more heavy duty than any application I'd consider, and the cheaper post-it note solution is much more cost effective for any use I have for this product. If for some reason you want your sticky notes to last, use these note tabs. Otherwise, there are cheaper and simpler ways to make notes and mark sections of books.
I've tried my best to revive this printer from the dead.  I've wasted so much ink and had so many issues that it's simply impossible to begin on what is wrong with this system.  I've used Kodak ink, compatible ink and swapped them back and forth to no avail.  The system simply will not print or copy as it did when brand new.True, the ink is very inexpensive but with the quality of the system so cheaply made the inexpensive ink is hardly worth the cost of having to buy a new system in less than 2 years. I've run the maintenance, aligned the print heads, changed the ink and still I have no usable printer.  What I have is a very large WiFi paperweight that needs to be tossed in the trash if not picked up by Kodak.It's a shame the system went south.  For the first year it printed great, had great quality but it slowly started to print erratically, and the crispness faded out as time went on.  If someone offers you this printer, even if it's free it's best to avoid the headaches since your print quality will be hit or miss.  Kodak used to stand for quality, today - not so much.I'm very disappointed in this system and do not recommend it to anyone.
After reading hundreds of reviews and waiting for a l-o-n-g time, I finally decided to take the plunge and buy an Ooma system (the Telo).  Setup went very smoothly, and the first calls on the first day were great.  It's been about two weeks now, and it's been downhill steadily.On day 1, I found out that despite their claims of portability, Ooma could not port my phone number.  Moreover, despite their claims of being able to provide a number within my calling area, they couldn't do that either.  I settled for a completely "alien" number.  I also learned that it is not free service.  State taxes on phone service must be paid each month regardless of having the Ooma system, and a great many of the Ooma features are available only with their $10/month Premier service.On day 2, Ooma began sending all my calls to voice mail without giving me a chance to answer.  It also cut off the caller, so they were unable to leave a message.  I contacted Ooma support; they adjusted the software and had me reboot.  Worked okay.On day 3, I began getting complaints from callers about lag time.  The voice lags about 3-4 seconds, causing conversations to "step all over each other."  Ooma's response:  It's a known problem and we hope users will continue to provide feedback so we can solve it.On day 4, callers began to complain that I always sounded as if I were on a very bad cell phone connection -- interference, dropouts, crackling, static, etc.  Ooma's response:  Your internet service probably isn't fast enough.  Since I have the fastest Internet service available from any ISP, clearly this is not the problem.  Ooma then acknowledged that yes, it's possible the problem is theirs; they just like to have everyone check their ISP first.On day 5, extreme echoing was added to the list of call quality complaints.After debating for several days whether the very poor call quality was worth the very low price of using Ooma, today it again started to send all my calls straight to voice mail.  Checking the Ooma support forum, I see it's happening to many users all over the country.  Obviously, another Ooma software problem.My choice comes down to great phone service with horrific customer support at high cost with the traditional phone company, or horrific phone service with helpful customer support at low cost with Ooma.  Since the primary purpose of having the phone at all is to make and receive phone calls reliably, I guess I'll have to opt for the former.  I could not be more disappointed about that.
Firstly I need to say that I'm a bit of a binder guru.  I love them for everything.  I'm in college, so naturally I use them for my classes, but I also have to do many power point presentations for both my job and many of my classes.  I always take in a binder that is specifically designed for that presentation, which I would guess is what this binder could be best used for.  It has slots for discs, letters, and a clip board - but so what?  Any binder could provide those things, and the "snap in" locking system is just annoying, not particularly helpful at all.  Additionally, it is CHEAP.  They must have used the absolute cheapest materials to produce this, because it felt like the plastic was going to snap off just as I was sliding all the folders in.I wouldn't spend $5 on this, much less $30.  It provides no form of convenience and looks cheap and unprofessional.  Stay away!
Really nothing positive to say about these pens.  The ink does not flow smoothly off the pens, but rather sticks and scratches across the paper.  It's difficult to get the things writing - you have to do those scratching circles on paper to get them "charged up" - and even after they start, they often stop.  Totally frustrating, like trying to drive a car that is falling apart piece by piece and just wants you to let it rest in peace.  I gave these to my daughter and she got all excited about making some fun drawings with all the different colors - ten minutes after beginning her project, she said, "Dad, these pens are no good," and got interested in something else.
While it was easy for me to figure out how to put this together, I can't use it. Regarding putting it together, you just have to bang the sides in place or put your weight on it hard.The reason I don't like this foot rocker is the two sides prevent me from using it unless my feet are together parallel AT ALL TIMES. I have two other foot rockers that are purely flat on top, so you can manuever your feet around a lot.The edges make me have to keep my feet inside.  I can't stand to be so confined.  You don't want this one even if it's a lot cheaper than alternatives.  Get one without those terrible ridges on the sides and one that is wider.  It's not natural to sit with one's feet tightly together for a prolonged period.
First of all what should have been a simple build was a pain.  There is litterally 5 pieces to this thing and I still have not figured out how to put the leg covers on.  Due to this fact, the legs frequently come off.Secondly, I just honestly see nothing special about this thing.  It doesn't really offer anymore comfort and the thing is poorly made.  I hate it.Lastly, just dont buy it. There are plenty of better foot rests out there I'm sure.
Ay Carumba!  I have -never- had any difficulty putting things together.  I've assembled many rooms of IKEA furniture, built a playroom with the husband, and installed the bathroom fixtures alone. I never, ever thought I'd be unable to assemble a little rocking thing with five pieces!  Geez, my kid's playhouse was easier to assemble, and everyone knows how fun it is to put together kids' toys!It's too bad, because I was very excited about this gizmo, because there is no one who has more excess energy than I do, and I'd have liked to burn it off in a way that would give me a little exercise.  Keep me off the treadmill for a few minutes a day or something.  But since the item is sitting here in pieces, and the only instructions are rough pictograph on the back of the box, I doubt I'm going to get any further. The pieces appear warped, and don't line up at all.So, unless you are amazing about putting things together without instructions that don't fit together, I'm going to have to advise you skip this one.
I've always used hand sharpeners so wanted to try an electric one. You put the pencil in the hole in the top of the sharpener and then push down lightly while keeping the pencil from moving. I used this to sharpen 3 new pencils and a pencil that the tip was broken off of. This sharpener is supposed to automatically turn off when the tip is sharpened. I'm not sure how it decided that. All 3 of the new pencils stopped sharpening when the graphite wasn't even showing yet. I had to apply more pressure to get it to start again and had to do this about 3 more times to finally get the graphite exposed. None of them were sharpened evenly. There was more graphite showing on one side and little on another but I couldn't get it to sharpen anymore so had to use the hand sharpener. The pencil with the tip broken off sharpened with less attempts than the new ones but stopped short of having a pointed tip. I had to finish that one with the manual sharpener as well. Doesn't make any sense to have if you have to use the manual one to finish the job. There is a ring at the top of the device that you turn to open and shake out the shavings. There were a lot of shavings stuck to the blades that have to be removed with a cloth. It is hard to get all the shavings off due to the positioning of the blades in the device. All in all, the manual sharpener I have works much better and is much easier to clean.
Absolute disappointment.  The unit itself is nice & sleek looking, but I inserted an unsharpened pencil, it took a fewrotations, then died, just mere minutes out of the box.  I keep trying it to use it every once in a while, and still, dead, almost 1 month later.
As a teacher, I am constantly in need of sharpened pencils so being able to review the Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener was a dream come true.The sharpener is designed ergonomically and takes up very little room.  It is designed for the pencil to be sharpened from the top instead of the side and HAD the pencil sharpener had enough power to sharpen a pencil, things would have been different with this review.That said, it took FOREVER to sharpen a pencil.  Sharpening colored pencils was non existent almost and after ten pencils, both colored and regular, the sharpener overheated.  It then took more than an hour to work again.  So, to me, this sharpener is a waste of money.Natalie S. for Amazon Vine
I was excited to try this sharpener out because I know the teachers at my children's school need good pencil sharpeners all the time.I decided to compare it to the old school, classic 1980s era sharpener that I found at a thrift store. The classic one I have never breaks, never jams, and always gives me good performance.The selling points according to the package are "Titanium bonded blades", "auto sensor shut-off", "striking vertical design", and "ez-view reservoir". I don't actually care for the auto sensor shut off and really don't care about a striking vertical design.I sharpened 8 pencils with each sharpener. The iPoint Evolution sharpener took an average of 5 seconds to sharpen each pencil. The old school classic sharpener took an average of 3 seconds.The one thing that really concerned me about the iPoint Evolution sharpener was that it sharpens pencils at a steeper angle than the old one, so sometimes the wood around the lead interferes with lead access. The old school classic has a more shallow angle, so the sharpened edge is almost a centimeter longer from beginning of sharpened area to the pencil point. This means that rarely do you have issues with wood interfering with the lead. I assume the shorter point is cheaper to manufacture.Bottom line:Don't buy this sharpener- look at a thrift store for a really good old one, with the fake wood sticker look on the outside. If you must buy a new sharpener, this one will be ok but not great. Frustrations will be involved.EDIT: After three weeks in a first grade classroom, this pencil sharpener no longer works.
Threw away on first use. The eraser doesn't work as well as others we have, after multiple passes the ink was still present. We finished up with our own eraser and sprayed the cleaner on the board. Immediately my younger child, who has asthma, began wheezing badly. We had to take her outside of the house because she could not remain inside without convulsive coughing. The smell of the cleaner also bothered my spouse. We bagged up the cleaner and soft cloth we'd been using and aired out the house. While the markers have a good color and the odor is tolerable, the cleaner was completely useless for us. If you have anyone with breathing issues in the home I would avoid this product.
POST-it Pop-up Note with dispenser is poorly engineered. Every time I went to pull one out, I'd get two or three and sometimes more. Not worth the aggravation.
I got this thinking the post-its would somehow be easy to get out of the dispenser, or that I could write on them while attached to the dispenser, then pull it free.  Nope.  They are connected and they come out the side, which is inconvenient enough, but they are really hard to separate.  I've put this aside and am no longer using it - too much hassle.
The Post-it Pop-up Notes Dispenser, 3 x 3 Inch, sticky notes dispenser is a great idea.  Grand idea actually.  But there is one flaw.  Unless you stick it to a wall, drawer, desk, file cabinet, chalkboard, etc, the dispenser falls over and then it becomes not an easy to use office tool, but one that you have to keep fixing.  Also, the spot for ink pens is too short and they fall over and out of the spot very easily.  I was completely disapointed in this notes dispenser and I really wanted to like it.I also wasn't fond of the colors.  Ink written on royal blue and hot pink is hard to read t the best of times and so I would love for the notes that come with this dispenser to come in either yellow or white.Natalie S. for Amazon Vine
Too lightweight. Not useful in an office.If you get one, you need to get a second, so you have a pair.As soon as my four-year-old saw the shoe, she said it was a ruby slipper.
Pros:1. Sticks to the desk (sort of). Maybe family members and colleagues would be less likely to walk off with it.2. Only a small piece comes out at a time. Maybe this would stop kids from using up half a roll.Cons:1. It slides around the desk. People could still take it if they want.2. The package actually says the rubber grip might "leave a temporary mark on some high gloss wood finishes." Who needs that??3. It's flat. The chance of me covering this with paper on my cluttered, thus "losing" it, is about 100 percent.4. It's about the size of an english muffin. I don't have tons of clear desk space (see above!), so it's just not helpful to me.5. I had a hard time refilling it. Someone with arthritis or other dexterity issues will struggle. Depending on how much you use, 75 pieces probably won't last very long.Bottom line: I am going to stick with the "old fashioned" tape dispensers. The standard black office dispenser is easier to find on my desk, and the smaller ones are easier to stick in a drawer (and hide from family members and coworkers). What can it do for me? Nothing:  There's really no gap that this product can fill.
I've followed all the directions and you've got a 50-50 chance your stuff will stay put. And I'm not talking about heavy things either. I'm talking about light-weight paper and even using up to 4 stickers per 6x6 inch piece. Ridiculous waste of a product. And it says you can use them over and over - welllllllllll, I guess so but where are you going to store them after you take them off if you don't use them again immediately, assuming they are even worth saving because they actually kept an item stuck in place more than 5 minutes? All you're given is one plastic sheet that will of course allow you to stick the one side for storage, but how are you going to cover the other sticky side - unless you save every single itsy bitsy tiny flimsy cover square you peel off when you first use it.Poooooooor design.
As an Amazon Vine reviewer, I received a sample package of these reusable mounting tabs.  I'm not sure that all of the other Vine reviewers actually tested these tabs on multiple surfaces from reading the glowing reviews.The concept behind these tabs is great - a non-residue, reusable replacement for taping things to walls and other surfaces.  Being completely transparent, usage on glass works well. Removal from any other very stable surfaces is fine.Removal from painted drywall is a disaster.  One tab came clean.  Another peeled a perfect square of paint from the drywall, right down to the original drywall paper backing.  I'd rather use citrasolve to remove tape residue than to have to repaint a wall that I have no matching touchup paint for.  Not happy.The material I had put on the wall was a heavily coated paper and the tab peeled off of that fine.  Any less stable paper surface will leave residue as well.These will find a lot of uses - but use with painted walls and  wood, two of the advertised surfaces on the package, are not advised: success there will depend on the paint and substrate  to avoid removing paint and the type of wood to avoid removing wood fibers.
I needed to hang a poster on an existing framed picture.  I thought this would be the perfect solution, I could hang the new poster on the existing glass and then in a few days when the event was over, I'd be able to remove it no problem.  Well, there was a big problem.  It ripped the poster and left goop on the glass.  oh well, didn't work as advertised.
Scotch came up with a great idea when they invented these Reuseable tabs, but the idea that looked great on the drawing board has failed in it's actual application and use by the customer. I used these clear square sticky tabs that look like a square of very thick scotch tape on a variety of wall surfaces with a variety of paper types from heavy cardboard to thin drawing paper. I left each paper stick to many different surfaces for a full week and the results were all the same in the end-they simply don't work.The tabs stick well to plastic and metal refrigerators- very smooth surfaces, for a couple days. For painted walls, basement cement block and wood, they do not stick at all. After a week of using different papers on a variety of very smooth surfaces, thin drawing paper could not be removed from the tabs without tearing it off. Heavy photo paper did remove, but took off the top thin paper layer on the back. The same for light to heavy weight cardboard- the top layer won't come off, and just stays stuck and tears! Posters could be removed very, very carefully if they were heavy enough- thinner posters or old ones simply tore. I'm glad I didn't test these on anything valuable!Basically, the longer the papers had the tabs on the back, the harder it was to remove without total destruction of the paper! I followed the directions to a tee when removing the paper from the tabs- slowly, by the tab corners, being as careful as I could. After 1 week, the few things that were still hanging, simply tore because the paper would not peel off the tab, kind of like removing scotch tape from thin paper after years! This great idea needs to go back to the drawing board as it's basically good for the smoothest surfaces and the thickest paper for maybe a day or two before the adhesive becomes a permanent part of the paper! Until Scotch gets the MANY bugs out of these new tabs, I'll stick to my magnets and keep my treasured paper items and posters free from adhesive damage!
These are thin flexible but not spungy plastic squares sticky on both sides. The instructions on the back of the package state that they are intended to hold art or other lightweight items, 0.25 lb/square, total not more than 1 lb.I, being a naive and trusted user, affixed 2 squares on a high quality photo with thin foam backing. The entire item weighed about 3 ounces. When I affixed it on a wall, it looked quite pleasant. The next morning I found the picture on the floor with the corners of the foam damaged from the fall to the tile floor. Hence, I am not sure how one can entrust this method of hanging more than a small thin sheet of USELESS paper on a FLAT CLEAN TILE wall.
The refillable Scotch Adhesive Dot Roller promised to take the place of at least a half a dozen dried out and ineffective glue sticks I had in my drawer.  I wanted to use it to put stamps on envelopes and reattach photos onto old family album pages.I have a graduate degree (not engineering) and still haven't figured out how to get the darn thing to work.  The directions didn't help.
I can't believe that a company like Scotch would sell something of this poor a quality.  My trial for this item was this: I cut a piece of the scotch mounting strip and put it on the side of my printer and mounted a small post-it page keeper on top of the strip.  Once during the day the post it fell off and I decided that I hadn't pushed hard enough when I put it on the mounting strip. I put it back on with more force.  The next morning when I got up the post it was laying on my desk again.  Reading on the back of the reusable strip package I found out I could wash the strip and it would be completely renewed.  Wrong.  Now it's completely useless and its just a piece of pliable plastic.  I threw these things away.
These are just terrible.  I used them on my daughter's not-very-textured walls (eggshell finish paint) and then won't even hold up a simple poster even when used at well more than double the recommended strip to weight ratio.  I am pretty disappointed because this seemed like such an it's-about-time project.  Too good to be true, I guess.
This stuff peels the paint right off the wall and took some drywall with it.My walls are pretty new 2004, painted with good quality paint about 6 months ago.Stuck this on (it's very sticky) and when I tested it by pulling it off, it pulled off a huge piece of paint with it!Now I need to go get some old paint and repaint that section of wall.I'd say this stuff is okay on  metal or plastic or at work where you don't care about the walls. But do NOT use this on painted walls at home.I'm also uploading a picture of the damaged wall so take a look at it.
There were two labels attached to the rear portion of the organizer. After removing the labels there was a sticky residue left behind. I am unable to remove the stickiness and its resultant discoloration regardless of what type of Goo Gone or other removers I use. Not really a problem because it is on the back of the organizer. However, there apparently was a sticker at one time on the front as well because there is a same sized sticky square on the lower right hand corner. This is a distraction to the appearance of the organizer because of the stickiness and because the square is a different color than the rest of the front. In addition to the unsightly sticky square there are bubbles on the front of the organizer. This is the result of poor workmanship in attaching the outer layer to the frame. Without the stated flaws this would be a fairly nice organizer considering its relatively low price. I received this from the Vine program so I don't consider it returnable. Although it is too unsightly to use on my desktop I believe I can find a use for it in my workshop.
I've used and enjoyed Post-Its for years, but this new product seems completely worthless.  The package contains three "dispensers" which are merely folded-up paper sleeves into which you insert an accordion-fold stack of Post-Its.  You then affix the dispenser to your laptop or any other surface and voil&agrave;!  Note paper at your fingertips!Pros:It has Post-Its.Cons:The dispensers are thin and flimsy.There are only 20 Post-Its in a stack.The adhesive may leave marks.When you pull a Post-It, it can wrinkle easily.The dispensers are gray and yucky chartreuse and hot pink. You don't need the dispenser to use the notes.You have to unstick the dispenser from laptop to refill it.I don't see the value of this product and I am amazed that it was created.  Do you really have to stick note papers to your laptop? If so, it would be easier to stick a regular stack of Post-Its or just carry a stack of them in your case or pocket.  Twenty sheets to a pack is too few; you're always refilling the dispenser.  This seems like a needless and overpriced product.
i like sticky notes, but this is just a ploy to try to get you to buy "something new." these are just regular ol' sticky notes packaged in very (and i mean VERY) thin stacks inside of a piece of paper with a tape strip to stick onto your laptop. seriously? why should i buy this instead of the much thicker stack that i can use instead? i see no good reason to buy this.
This has to be the most ill-conceived product from Post-It yet. These are flimsy post-it note dispensers that you're supposed to stick to the back of your laptop screen. Great! Just what I always wanted - to put something ugly and sticky on my laptop. I didn't actually stick it to my laptop, but when I tried it on other surfaces, it definitely doesn't come off cleanly enough to gum up your computer, unless you're one of those people who puts stickers on their laptops anyway. In that case, I suppose it doesn't matter.Furthermore, when was the last time you were sitting at your laptop thinking, "wow - I really wish there was some way I could make myself a note . . . I guess there's nothing to be done!" Of course not. You'd write yourself a note on your laptop itself! I have no idea why anyone would want a sticky note dispenser glued to their laptop.Finally, the dispensers are very small and it appears that they require small stacks of sticky notes. Perhaps you can use regular post-its from a big stack, but it's difficult to determine. This whole thing just seems silly and useless, except for one instance: if you affix one of these to the inside of a textbook, it might be handy in school. Maybe you could use it in a binder or notebook, but then again, you could just take notes in your notebook!If anyone has found a good use for these, please comment on my review and I'll consider toning down my negative impression of the Post-It Laptop dispenser. In the meantime, I'll be scratching my head over this one.
For years I have used the Expo brand of white board markers and love them.I decided to try these because it was listed as Bold. Well bold it was not.The colors paled in comparison to the expo colors although it did write well.The product was also listed as low oder. I found a funky smell emitted as I wrote.Which I didn't experience with the Expo brand.The best part of the kit was the spray and eraser, but even that was lack luster.The spray erase kit smudges the erased writing and you spend so much time getting theboard white again. I would have liked the eraser to have been magnetized so that itwould stick to the white board.The product works, it just doesn't work well enough to deliver on it's packagingpromises. And that funky smell, makes the pens a toss out!
These are too small to even bee noticed. They might be nice for kids to play with but not for important messages you want your family to see.
If you don't do enough shipping to buy a tape gun, and use bulk rolls of tape, you've probably bought some shipping tape in a dispenser similar to this. And you've also certainly have found out how easily the tape falls off the cutter, and back onto itself, and the pain involved in trying to re-start it. Very frustrating, to say the least.Well, this tape solves the problem in two ways. First, it's a lot thicker than budget brands of shipping tape, and even thicker than regular Scotch-brand shipping tape, so the end doesn't disappear. Second, and this is the important one, the adhesive doesn't stick as well as typical shipping tape.This might not be a problem if we were talking about a 3" or 4" wide shipping tape, but this tape isn't even 2" wide. I'm sorry, but 1.88" is not wide enough to seal a cardboard box seam that's longer than about 6", and that's the problem. With other tape, you can use two or three passes of 1.88" tape. Do that with this tape, and you run the risk of it pealing off itself in transit.And while the adhesive seems to stick well enough to cardbord during my usage, I have my doubts that it will hold up as well in a high-humidity situation.Isn't the whole purpose of tape to stick? So it ought to be obvious that a less sticky tape isn't an advantage. It may make this tape less frustrating to use when it accidentally re-rolls itself during taping, but is that really the most important feature of a tape?I'm sorry, but I just can't recommend this tape to anyone using a box with seams longer than about 6 to 8-inches.
The only thing that worked properly on this manual unit was the vacuum bar, which held it securely on the table top.  The various holes will allow you to sharpen a variety of pencils, but I use the word "sharpen" loosely as the blades must be made of ragged ends ~ we got anything but a smooth, sharp point.  There were no clean edges, no fine points, in fact, the pencils came out looking like they were put through a cheese grater.  The handle does not smoothly turn and therefore you are forced to hold the barrel steady with the same hand that is holding your pencil.  The entire operation is clumsy and the end result is frustration, especially for school children.  This one is not getting more than one star, sorry.  Go with a battery operated STAPLES brand for the same price and get a clean, sharp point every time.
OK, so sometimes the old fashioned way really isn't best. I got this because I was dissatisfied with the various electric pencil sharpeners we have, and longed for the silken-smooth action of the old-style Bostich sharpeners, complete with revolving openings for different sized pencils and handy vacuum seal that keeps it sturdily attached to your desk as you sharpen. Well after putting a dozen pencils of varying size and width through the blades of this Bostich, all I can say is Ugh. First of all, don't try to attach the vacuum base on wood. It will not stay put. Every time I fed a pencil into the sharpener opening and started to crank, the seal broke. It only worked on a formica-like surface, which did hold the seal pretty well. Second problem, noise: the thing is so loud my granddaughter came in from another room to ask what was making so much noise. I was sharpening a pencil, Honey. Wow, that's a noisy pencil sharpener! Third, clumsy cut: the sharpening blades are incredibly rough, chewing up everything from a simple basic #2 pencil to a thick charcoal drawing pencil and everything in between. The points on each pencil were anything but fine -- the charcoal fell apart, the drawing pencils never reached a point, and the paper on one type of pencil I've used for years was torn to bits. No other sharpener has ever done that. This is going in the round file.
I ordered this desk chair from the Vine program and was looking forward to getting it. From the description, it sounded like the perfect computer desk chair.Unfortunately:*It looks nothing like the picture. The base assembly is plastic, not metal. The arm supports are plastic. Not only does it not match the picture, but the overall effect is cheesy.*The arms are NOT ADJUSTABLE. They're fixed. THEY DO NOT MOVE. If you look at the picture, you can see that the arm rests are on posts which presumably allow you to raise and lower them.  With this chair, the armrests are each one piece of plastic which attaches to the side AND the back of the chair, which doesn't allow them to move.*Comfort level? Okay, not great. I'm not impressed by the so-called "lumbar support." I haven't owned it long enough to tell if it will be comfortable in the long run. Actually, I may never know. I will probably be using our "old" chair and this will be relegated to the basement, as an extra seat.*The chair is supposed to allow a bit of recline. It doesn't. You can rock back about an inch--the same as another chair we recently purchased but which lists way lower than the price of this model.*It's possible that the wrong item was sent to me, EXCEPT the packing slip clearly identifies this as the product I requested. So: was there a mistake at the warehouse? Or, was there a flimsier, cheaper prototype that the company is trying to unload so they can market the "better" chair? Or more disturbingly: are higher-quality chairs being swapped out so that someone can profit from selling them while presenting this as the "real" chair to unsuspecting customers? I did alert Vine about this. In any case, the chair I now have is the chair you will possibly receive when you order the product described on this page.This is one of those cases where what you see is NOT what you get.***** Two other customers (comments below) experienced the same thing I did: they recieved the wrong item, not the chair advertised, but one of a much lower quality. I don't think the "cheaper" chair is a bad chair, only that it does not measure up to the model described on this page. IMPORTANT POINT: This is a pattern, not just a one-in-a-thousand (or however many chairs they have for sale) problem. ANYONE who orders this chair has a pretty good chance of receiving the WRONG chair. If I had to furnish a home office and wanted the HMH01 model, I would be taking a chance ordering it. If you get the wrong model, it's a hassle to repackage it and mail it back (even if amazon reimburses you for the shipping). I think they have a problem at the warehouse.**************
The chair in the picture, and the one described here sounds like a really good chair -- but that's not what I got. I got a cheap chair that wouldn't sell for more than $100 at an office supply store.What I got, despite the packaging, appears to be more like the HON HVL521, but even if I were to assume it was really that chair, I still couldn't give it a good review. For the price of the HVL521 I would expect better quality than what I got.The cheap chair that I got has a fabric covered foam seat with a cover that doesn't fit the seat. It's puckered-up near the rear. The pneumatic lift is anemic. It might be fine if you're 100lb, but as a 240lb (okay, 260lb) man, I don't see it lasting for more than a couple months of use.The cheap casters pop into a soft plastic base. You'd better have a hardwood floor because if they sink into even a short-piled carpet, the sideways stress put on them is going to cause them to come loose, and drop out quite easily.So if the chair I got is the correct chair that you'll get, there is no way it's worth anything close to the price I paid. If it's the other model that it appears to be, it's still poorly made.
Would review this product, but, it arrived with the pen shattered and dried out completely.  So now I have to buy my own pen.
The set-up and print quality was as expected for its price range.  I was not able to set-up the WiFi as it could not be detected despite multiple attempts and configurations. The LAN connection worked well at first and then was mysteriously lost and could not be reconnected.  Finally had to switch to the USB connection which worked as expected. Overall a disappointed for a tech savvy person.
When this arrived, I thought it would be the perfect thing to keep in my craft area for when I'm wrapping gifts AND to keep it so my kids don't tear off more than they need.  Each piece of tape is the same size and pre-cut.  They sort of pop-up like facial tissue.However, nothing I tried (short of glue) kept the dispenser stuck to the surface.  I tried glass, laminate, marble, plastic and porcelain to see if I could get it to get enough suction to stay.  It might stick for a second, but then when you go to pull off another piece, it pops right off.If you wanted, you could glue this down, but why bother?  Just "stick" with the regular tape dispensers for now, this one needs a design overhaul.
I'm using this stapler to replace a traditional Swingline 747 Stapler that vanished from my office desk a few months ago. I really believed that a metal stapler was the best kind of stapler to to survive use and abuse, but was willing to give a smaller, lighter stapler a chance for my precious desk real estate. The PaperPro Evo Compact works well and with minimal effort that is indeed much like a Staple Gun in how rapidly it staples paper. Its size too makes it portable, so it would be an option for someone who needs a portable stapler, but doesn't want to use one of those cute, but useless-because-mini-staples-are-so-hard-to-find-mini-staplers.Update: I tried taking this stapler with me in my messenger bag and found that just a short trip from apartment to car, car to office, rendered it unusable. Nothing happens now when I try to staple. I have plenty of staples in it and other than the bottom that slides out to add staples, there is no way to take it apart to see what is wrong. I don't recommend this stapler.
Update: I had previously given this a five star review, but after two months the stapler jammed shut and would not open, no matter what I did. It had jammed a number of times previously but could always be opened. I loved using this stapler, but breaking so quickly makes me drop my rating a ton.Staplers aren't supposed to be noticed. They are just supposed to be available when you want them, not break, and put staples through papers. I must say that every time I've used this stapler since I got it to review over a month ago, I take notice.The Swingline SmartTouch is a joy to use. With light two-finger pressure, it punches a staple consistently through small stacks of paper. I haven't had to have a single re-staple. I haven't had to put any thought to stapling; I just put the paper in, push the top, and the stapler seems to staple itself. Refilling the stapler is easy, and I haven't had any problems with that either.It's probably because I have only had super cheap, old-fashioned staplers my whole life, but I love this. And at the price that it is currently selling for (just under ten bucks), no brainer if you need to replace or purchase a stapler.
There are no instructions included which makes getting started more difficult. The first problem is loading the staples. A little flag shows to push on the back end to load staples. I succeeded in pushing the knob too hard and it came off. After I made a few more attempts, I took it to a professional, an administrative assistant. She knew what to do but also found it hard to get this opener button to work. She pushed the flagged button and somehow the front staple area opened up. We were both surprised!In an attempt to load staples, she found a entire row (as staples come packaged) would not fit. She broke the strip in half and was able to slide the staples in. She picked up a small stack of papers and gave it a go. She said it was easy to work.Relieved, I returned to my office. When I tried to test it on a stack of about 10 papers, it did not staple and the staple area came open again. I threw it in my desk drawer. Trying it again will wait for another day. So far, not so good.
I'm updating this review months later and downgrading the star rating. It's been my auxiliary stapler but soon will be sidelined completely. The last few times I've refilled staples, the mechanism has not worked properly. It sticks going in -- and out. Moreover, the thing pops open at the least provocation.  The more I look at this thing, the more I see how badly it is designed.----My current desk stapler is at least 35 years old. It's just a standard metal stapler. But, with one exception, I find much to commend it over this Swingline SmartTouch.My current stapler:1. is smaller and more compact; the Swingline is 2 inches longer and 2 inches higher.2. sits solidly on my desk; the Swingline is less stable (but more comfortable if you're squeezing with your hand) and therefore a bit cumbersome. It doesn't sit upright reliably, toppling over with the least provocation, so I rest it on its side. That means I must examine it each time I use it, to make sure I'm inserting the papers at the right end.3. is metal-colored; the Swingline is a dulle3d Pepto-Bismol pink, easy to find on a cluttered desk but not my favorite color.4. doesn't spit out the staple-loading portion at the least provocation.The Swingline's one advantage for me: It easily staples 25 sheets. My old stapler poops out about halfway through 15 sheets, even if I use the heel of my hand to press down with a good degree of force.Because I rarely staple together more than a few sheets, though, I don't anticipate the Swingline replacing Old Faithful.
I'll agree the ink itself is exceptionally smooth, but there seems to be a problem with the ball bearing tip.Perhaps it's due to the extreme angle at which I tend to hold my pen and the rhythm of my stroke, but these pens simply made a mess when I tried to write with them.  The ink is "slippery" and actually globbed in puddles as I wrote; the output was equally bad, whether writing in cursive or printing in block letters.Judging from the many other positive reviews here, I suspect it could be the shallowness of my writing angle.  Perhaps, if you hold your pen upright, this would not be an issue.  But for my writing style, these are a no-go--the finished notes are sloppy and unusable.  No point in writing what you can't read later!
There is nothing special about these pens. They are regular, cheap Bic pens that come in pastel colors that supposedly appeal to women. The pen also seems skinnier than regular Bic pens, and I am not sure why that is supposed to appeal to women or to men for that matter, because I think the pens are kind of uncomfortable to hold. I prefer the slightly thicker pens personally. Don't waste the extra money on these.
These are a good idea and tried using them on the wall but as soon as you put a few things in them they fall off the wall, the sticky tape just doesn't hold well enough. I wanted to use them for gift cards and for mail sorting but it is a big fail when they can't stay on the wall, the only way to keep them on the wall is to use something else like maybe a large tack. The sticking ability really needs improved on these.
These dividers are pretty and will add pizazz to a binder- if you can get them in. Three of the five in the pack I got didn't have the holes punched out of the side. For binder dividers they are also quite thin- almost too thin to support the tabs on each one if they have any paper against them.
My daughter was very excited when she saw these. She loved the various designs the purple being her favorite. She got them all set in her new binder and she already tore two of them. The paper is pretty cheap and they have a strange odor too.Would skip and spend a little more money on a better product than this.
These would be great for a project  that gets light and gentle use.  They look good but they will not stand up to any sort of hard use.  They are also not erasable not even with a pencil.  One of those things that looks great on your monitor, but is not practical for everyday use.
UPDATE:  The second time I reached for this stapler, it did not work.  I can't figure out why it doesn't work, so now it is just a paperweight.  Change from 4 stars to 1.ORIGINAL COMMENTS: I admit that it took me a good five minutes to figure out how to open this stapler to insert staples.  There is a small photo showing the opened position, but no instructions on how to get there.  Aside from my pathological need for instructions for relatively simple mechanical tasks, I like this stapler.  It may not be as powerful as the 24" model that looks like it's made from battleship steel, but it is a major step up from the average Swingline desk model, and it is very comfortable to use.  The "reduced effort" becomes obvious after you collate & staple 100 booklets of 27 pages each!
When this binder arrived, we instantly noticed a ripple in the front cover. The "cheap" appearance made us value it at around $4.99 (like something you might find in Big Lots or another such outlet store). We already decided that the item itself was one-star -- the distorted cover, the cheap plastic, and the alarming price tag (again, it's NOT leather and over $20.00) all added up to a "bad product."THEN, we saw the warning label attached to the tag. It literally states that this product contains chemicals known to cause BIRTH DEFECTS and REPRODUCTIVE HARM. How does this product exist?Like some other reviewers and comment-givers, I would not dream of allowing my child to use this ... I would not use this ... I would not give this to my worst enemy. And, as a vegetarian, yep, I would much prefer REAL leather to this vegan, cheap, cancer-causing material.We deposited this directly into the refuse bin.
I rarely receive an item that I can't find at least one positive thing to say about it.  This binder has exactly one positive attribute.Pro:The one positive thing about it is that it is a recycled item.Cons:*  My first thought right out of the package was that it would have been better to not have any artwork.  Truly, the picture on the website looks nicer than it does in person.*  The board is stiff and once opened doesn't like to close again.*  It came with a sticker on the front that when removed left big chunks of it behind and it won't come off the surface without messing up the front of the binder.*  The inside clips are are cheap*  The back of the binder has oily type marks on it that won't wash off.  I'm assuming it is from over-spray of glue that got on it from the factory.My advice --  skip this one.
Pens are the writing utensil of choice, but I still like to use pencils from time to time, due to their erasability and other factors. The reason many hesitate to use pencils is, of course, the inconvenience of having to sharpen, but this problem is easily remedied with the right pencil sharpener. A good electric sharpener does the work for you, eliminating much of the inconvenience that makes people avoid using pencils in the first place.The Stanley Bostitch Minisharp Battery Powered pencil sharpener is, unfortunately, not the good, convenience- enhancing pencil sharpener I was hoping for. This pencil sharpener is about as simple and basic as an electric powered sharpener could be, with nothing more than a small blade on the inside that looks much like a tiny, manually operated pencil sharpener. It turns when a pencil is inserted, but the problem is that it doesn't work very well at all. At first, I was convinced that I was doing something wrong but I found that no matter how I held the pencil, whether I held it steady or turned it back and forth, the blade just didn't do the job. It sharpened so slowly I gave up and resorted to manual sharpening.Another issue I have with this pencil sharpener is the lack of instructions. You will eventually figure out how to perform tasks like opening the battery compartment, inserting the batteries, and releasing the door for waste removal, but the manufacturer should have provided a simple set of instructions explaining this. Your frustration level is piqued from the beginning, and it doesn't get any better when you discover that the device doesn't work.If there is anything good to say about this pencil sharpener, it would come down to two main things: The compact size and the portability. It is small enough to fit in the tiniest desk space or school bag and because it doesn't have an electrical cord, it can be taken anywhere. I also like the see- through compartment that holds the shavings because you can quickly see when it is full and know when to empty. Compartments on some pencil sharpeners are tinted and you can't really see the shavings very well, which can lead to overfilling. There is no problem like that with this pencil sharpener, but considering its performance, it is highly doubtful the shavings compartment will ever reach its capacity.Everyone who uses pencils needs a good, convenient sharpener but this Stanley Bostitch model isn't one of them. I finally gave up, took out the batteries, stuck my pencil inside and turned it manually. The sharpening was faster and better than using it powered. And this says quite a bit about the quality and usefulness of this device.Avoid it, spend the extra money, and get a better product.
I picked this from the Vine offerings because I have an 8 year old in second grade, and we have to sharpen pencils a lot.  I've got a really nice manual one that works just perfectly, but thought he would enjoy a powered one.Like most of the other reviewers here, I've found this thing to be pretty useless.It's construction is poor, very shoddy.  And it's pretty much incapable of sharpening much at all, and is a joke when you insert a new pencil that has never been sharpened before.I can't even say it's at least half way decent for the price, since it doesn't even serve as a useful paperweight.  The purpose it serves is a good reminder that usually you get what you pay for.
This product is big and heavy and takes up valuable space on the desk, and there's nothing to rest the individual sheets on so you can write on them.  I much prefer writing a note directly on the pad and then pulling the sheet off and sticking it on the paper or object.  If you put the dispenser in a drawer, it doesn't clutter the desk top but takes up needed drawer space.  It still doesn't allow for jotting down a note quickly.  There's too much of a procedure involved.  This is a device that makes a task more difficult, not easier.
Revising my review to say that I would never use these again. After putting up a few light things around the house, I decided to take one down off the wall. I peeled it super-gently and the paint came right off with one of the tabs. Then another one fell off my door and also took the paint with it. Needless to say, I'm really annoyed and now need to paint again. Back to Fun-Tac!
Ouch! I was just about to sit down to write a rave review. The product had been performing as advertised (dropper applicator worked fine and cap wasn't getting stuck). However, when I just now picked it up to give the bottle another glance, glue spilled all over a small portion of my fancy new dining room table and on my laptop. I wiped up most of it with a paper towel, which is now stuck to my thumb and several fingers. Unfortunately, we did't have any acetone in the house. (might want to have some on standby if you're going to use this product!)The glue leaked out the side of the bottle... around one of the seams of the magic "button" on both sides that gives you that precision one drop at a time. I'm sure it was a fluke... a bad bottle, but given the fact that my table now has a big smudge mark of super glue on it, the return key on my MacBook has a low rise crater and my thumb and fingers are hurting from the pain... I can't recommend it, although I'm not selling my 3M stock... at least not yet.One recommendation, keep the bottle upright when not in use and don't squeeze the sides until you're ready to use the dropper.
As a vine reviewer I received this product free from Amazon to rate.  I opened the product and put the cap on intending to use it soon.I left the room and when I got back I noticed the bottle had tipped over, I went to pick it up and it was stuck to my counter, I grabbed my knife to try to scrape it off the counter top and my fingers got stuck to the knife, it was very hard to get off. I moved the bottle and my fingers stuck to it. There was a puddle of this glue on my counter I do not know how that happened since I screwed the cap on tightly.I now have glue on three fingers including some brown wood from the knife. Some of the bottle is still stuck to my counter, I am very upset over this, the bottle is not stable it may need a larger base so it will not topple over so easily. Leaking glue can become a problem, the glue itself is just like any other super glue but to have a cap that is this faulty is dangerous.I am sorry, but the selling feature for this item is supposed to be the revolutionary Precision Applicator that does not leak or stick.  Sorry it failed on all counts.  I will be tossing this in the trash.
These markers seem cool b/c they're designed to write on fabric and not wash off-however, most sharpies do this already anyway! The thing that isn't great about these is that they are fabric tipped, so they will not write on any smooth or glossy service, which forces you to get out the regular sharpies to do that job anyway, thus negating the need for these all together.  They are fun for art projects like T-shirts or canvas shoes, but like I said, any sharpie can already do that, so after using these I was asking myself-what's the point?! Don't waste your money buying these, just buy a pack of regular permanent markers, which you can get in all the same neat colors that come in this kit!
I just can't figure out why these notes would be transparent.  You can see through aobut 5 of them but why would you use them?they don't tear either so when you throw them out and if you have personal info on them, you would have to shred them.the writing surface is smooth for writing and it doesn't smear.i just can't figure out why someone would need them.
These really do not work at all. First, I wrote on one and stuck it to my computer monitor. Within an hour it fell off. The key thing you want from a sticky note is for it to stay stuck when you put it somewhere. These are failing on the "stickiness" test.Second, the colors are too dark, and when you write on them with a blue or black pen, the contrast comes out low, and what you wrote does not show up well.Overall, this product is pretty useless for me. I like the original Avery much better . . . they stick better, and have better colors.
This item is total garbage.  It failed to open the first thing I tried it on.  I had to attempt to follow the first cut line over several times to get it to even cut through in a few spots.  Unfortunately, this left a lot of razor sharp plastic edges/shards.  In the end, I gave up and threw it in the garbage and got out my old trusty kitchen shears.  See my customer image of the blade which also appears to have chipped on the very first usage.  This garbage was useless in less than 15 seconds of use and is very poorly made.
I really wanted to like this product, as I have cut myself, sometimes fairly seriously, on a number of occasions using a utility knife to open both boxes and blister packs.  This product seemed to be the ideal solution to the problem, however, I was sorely disappointed with the end results.The concept is fairly simple and seems to be a good idea. Make a lightweight plastic handle with a blade that is sharp enough to open blister packs, while not so sharp as to cut yourself seriously if it slips. In addition, the blade is recessed so that only a small portion extends beyond the plastic so any cut is likely to be shallow.In reality, I discovered that it worked well on the first blister pack, was slightly less effective on the second, and by the third the blade was so dull that I needed all my strength to pull it through the plastic. It did continue to work well for opening the tape on boxes, but it needed a new blade after three blister packs to continue to use it for that purpose. That would get expensive in a big hurry!I will continue to stick to the tried and true methods I have developed for opening plastic blister packs, and will not bother to use this product in the future.
I was truly surprised at how bad this was.  The tiny blade is ineffective against most anything.  I could not open a plastic wrap with it.  I found it useless against tape on a box.  Not even sure I would be able to use it as a letter opener.  Save your money and use a box cutter or a knife or scissors for those pesky plastic wrapped packages and whatnot.
I spend a LOT of money at Amazon, so I'm getting boxes all the time.  I've been using a normal flip open knife I just carry in my pocket to open boxes, but thought this would be an interesting possibility.  It came in easy to open packaging, even the tie holding it to the cardboard wasn't plastic, just a twist tie.  I thought that was a nice touch, until I tried to cut even the very thin cardboard this was packaged in.  And it couldn't.  I could scratch it, but I couldn't cut it except for one tiny little spot where it actually penetrated all the way through in three or four attempts of cutting a 2 inch long slash in the packaging.I got a few other Amazon items today as well, so thought I'd use this then just for the tape.  Standard packing tape with the string in it that's often used by companies who ship things.  Even there it failed.  Barely cut the tape, and only one of the strings was actually severed.So next I pulled out the inflated packaging bladders that Amazon uses to fill space inside to keep boxes from sliding.  I generally squeeze one end to get them nice and pressurized, then use my knife to slice the other end open to let the air out.  This couldn't even manage THAT.  I got, in six different bladders, just one actually penetrated with this, and that was just barely...All in all, a complete fail for me.  The ergonomics of the handle itself are alright, but the button on top to slide the cutter out is just poor and cheap, and I can see how easily that could break on someone.  Add that to the lack of performance on all the things I tried that I would expect it to do make this a poorly executed product in my eyes.
I'm sorry to say I was disappointed in this product.  It is very flimsy; the button that you slide to extend the blade out in order to use it feels like it could snap off at any time.  It was frustrating to use, because in order to get it to cut through even tape on a package, I had to run it back and forth several times.  Even then, I would get a few holes in the tape at best, and have to rip it open the rest of the way.  I tried it on packaging tape when opening boxes, as well as the paper tape that comes on packages, and it struggled consistently with each.  I do like the safety feature of being able to retract the blade, but that was the only redeeming factor in a product that isn't able to achieve its purpose.
I really don't see the need for this tool at all. Yu push a button to have a tiny blade sticking out to cut through packaging. But the button is loose. The tool itself is too small and difficult to hold, and I have small hands I tried it on several packages. The blade is not sharp. I really don't see the point of having this extra tool in my drawer. I may as well use my box cutter.
I haven't much to share here...I used this to open 2 blister packs (ironically items from Amazon :) ) - it worked on one.  The blade flew off on the second item and it was destroyed.Probably not sturdy enough for blister packs... 1/5 for the effort..would be rated lower if I could.
Here is my original review of this product: (see below for my important updates): This printer is fast and efficient. I was impressed with the nice, vivid colors that it prints. It is super easy to set up/install. I love that you don't even need to plug it into your computer - you can just use your wi-fi. You can print from mobile devices such as iPhones and iPads. The ink that comes with the printer can print about 1000 pages (900 with color). (And of course, you can purchase higher-capacity ink cartridges to print even more.) The paper cassette holds about 300 sheets or more. I love the 2-sided printing feature - and it is fast! The scanning/copying features work great. I feel like this printer has the capabilities of a large office copier/printer, but on a slightly smaller scale for home use.I have been wanting to get a laser printer for some time, knowing that they are more efficient if you print a lot of pages. I feel like I change out my ink SO often that my inkjet printer was a waste of money. Now I don't need a laser printer - my Epson is super efficient and cost-effective. I love that I can have the ability to print a lot of things in color, and still save money on my printing.Highly recommended printer!***UPDATES***Ok, so as you can see I really did love this printer. I printed TONS and tons of things with this, lots and lots of full-color printouts and lots of black and white pages with text. I have had it just over a year. All of a sudden, something goes wrong and there is yellow ink spilled ALL over the inside of the printer. Everything I print out has this big leaky yellow stripe all down the middle of the page. After googling the problem and looking online, it turns out that MANY others have had this exact same issue (always with the yellow ink). I called Epson customer service and they were very nice, but because my printer was past the warranty they could not do anything except recommend I get it serviced. They said that my printer is basically characterized as having HARDWARE FAILURE. They did give me a discount on their website for purchasing a new one, if that is cheaper than getting this one serviced. I would be really wary of purchasing this same printer again, which is really a shame because I got such great use out of it and did love it for a year. Be aware that soon after your warranty is up, your printer will fail.
These labels would be AWESOME if the template worked properly. They did not smudge and they stick well. HOWEVER, the template prints off-center so that the text is not centered and the background color doesn't fill the whole circle. It looks so unprofessional that I threw away the ones I printed. I'll keep them in case I have time one day to fiddle with the template to make it correct, or have a use for them that doesn't have to look professional, but otherwise it's pretty disappointing. I printed them with the label paper facing both ways (top in and bottom in) and both times it printed incorrectly. I don't know what others are doing differently, because it gets good reviews.
I just wasted a half hour of my life with these crappy labels.  I have a good laser printer that  use for professional work on many different paper weights, and I have never had feeding problems.  These labels NEVER fed correctly.  They slipped every time, probably because of the slick surface texture, so I ended up using the entire envelope up without a single correctly printed page.  Most of the time the labels didn't even get up to the printing mechanism, because they slipped too much.And, with the few that I did get printed - although not positioned correctly on the label, because it had slipped in the printer - the ink smeared when I applied them to the jars, leaving them mostly unreadable.  And yes, I even waited after the labels came out to be sure the ink was set.  Still, the slick surface texture wouldn't take the ink, so they smeared if touched.They say they are water resistant, but they aren't even dry finger resistant.Unacceptable.
Smead usually makes quality paper supplies. In their defense, 2" wallets as opposed to expanding paper folders are limited in use. Putting 2 inches of paper in them makes them flimsy. I think that the paper thickness of the product has decreased over the years so the stock that Smead uses is not as strong and rigid. Also I did not receive the velcro closure but the rubberband closure. I would have liked the velcro closure though. My recommendation would be to purchase generic wallets as  they would be less expensive and serve just as well.
Dymo 500TS reviewFirst impression:  This thing is BIG, in fact the biggest label maker I have ever seen (it's about the size of my desk phone).  However the quality of construction is very substantial, it looks like it was designed to last a long time.  This is not a cheap plastic handheld label maker by any means.  Keyboard spacing and feel is almost touch-type quality.Setting it up:  Although a full instruction booklet is enclosed, it doesn't seem to have been written by anyone who has actually used the 500TS.  The first instruction is to insert the battery being careful to observe the polarity markings.  Yes the battery itself has + and - markings, they are nowhere to be found on the printer itself and the terminals are deeply recessed in the unit.  The only way of doing it right is to try to figure out the little drawing in the book.  Inserting the label cassette was just as challenging, it only fits one way but Dymo does a terrible job illustrating how it goes.  Final note on setup is that the manufacturer states the battery comes partially charged.  When I first turned mine on I had a red warning signal indicating I had to charge the battery before I could do anything.  None of the setup issues are major enough to lose a star, just minor inconveniences.  Kudos, though, that they included a USB cable.In use:  This is purported to be the only label maker with a touch-sensitive screen, thereby making it one of its key focus features, so let's start there.  The screen in indeed large and bright.  If you're used to the touchscreen on a smartphone or tablet computer, you will be disappointed, it takes a healthy push most of the time to get it to recognize a command (and at other times a light touch is all that's needed).  The screen is very bright if you look straight at it.  In another example of the disconnect between concept and execution, however, if you place the unit on a desk in normal operating position the angle of view makes the screen fade off substantially.  I found myself always hunching over the unit to get a better view, or tilting it toward me.  The controls are fairly intuitive, which is a good thing because the user manual won't help you out much.  Plan on using most of the 10' starter roll to get used to what all the menu features are for.When used with a computer:  Connecting to a computer allows you to use the 500TS along with any other Dymo labelers you may own (I happen to have a LabelWriter that prints standard shipping labels, so the one piece of software will run both printers).  There are a few added features but some added frustrations (I'm getting used to this now with the 500TS).  For example, since the printer can only work on battery power, when it auto-shuts down while you create a label on your computer you have to go through the entire start-up process again.  You can't restart the label printer from your computer.Other observations:  For a $200 label maker I was surprised the computer software disk was not enclosed, it has to be downloaded online.  It's another item that's not a deal breaker but makes the whole experience of using the product less than ideal.Finally, I started this review by stating how large this printer is.  It is clearly designed to be a desktop printer, not a portable printer.  Yet the manufacturer, for some unfathomable reason, decided to power it from a rechargeable battery, ONLY.  It cannot be plugged in and operated from house current.  That just doesn't make sense.  That means carefully unplugging it after the battery is charged (a point in the instruction manual is not to continue charging if the battery is not charged within the specified time).  I'm not sure why it is battery powered at all, but it seems AC would be the default and battery would be an option.  Even more bizarrely, if you turn the unit off while it is still plugged in, it becomes a cool retro flip-flop clock (but there is no reference to this in the owner's manual).  The clock does NOT come on when used without the battery charger attached (but apparently the battery charger should not stay attached).There is no doubt the 500TS is very capable.  The final results are fine, but no better than a $15 labeler you can buy at any office supply store.  I can't imagine what its market is, though.  At $200 it is far beyond something the average home would need, but its reliance on rechargeable batteries and high cost of consumable don't make it a practical choice for business use either.  I think this item appears to be a "pet project" of someone within Dymo that wasn't fully thought through.Lacking any significant issues or problems I believe a fair ranking is 3 stars for "It's OK".UPDATE: (exactly one month later) - When I first got the printer I printed 2-3 quick test labels. Today, after a month of not being used, when I went to print a label the battery was completely dead (and of course, there is no way to use the printer on AC) so I had to wait several hours just to print one label. Apparently the battery drains whether the unit is on or not. This is a senseless design problem for the unit that renders it almost useless. I just dropped it down a star for this.UPDATE 2: After another 2 weeks I went to print another label and despite it not being used, the battery was dead again. Remember, it won't work off of AC, so I had to wait a few hours to print just one label. I just took away another star and am now rating this product "Not recommended - unacceptable design and performance"
This is an updated review. I was finally able to get the printer installed and working both with Windows and with my Mac (thanks to those who answered my questions and offered suggestions here!)Now that it is working, I do have to say that it is a decent bare-bones printer but it is quirky.The good:-- It prints clearly and quickly and it handles my 65-pound paper fine so far.-- Compact footprint so it makes a good addition to my cubicle where counter space is very limitedThe not-so-good:-- The installation -- trying to find the drivers, trying to get my computer to actually see the printer (when hooked up directly via USB),-- SHORT power cord (better find an extension cord or place it RIGHT next to your power strip)-- DRAWS a lot of power when it is firing up and printing -- the lights actually flicker and it tripped the circuit breaker on my industrial-strength surge protector/UPS. I have had to put it on its own outlet.-- It has an "eco mode" (which is ironic given how much power it draws when printing) and sometimes it will not wake up. At those times, I have to fiddle with it, unplug it for awhile, and swear at it several times before it will come back up for me.-- Pages smell when freshly printed due to the laser toner.-- The ink "peels" off the page and sticks to the back of other pages. What a MESS!-- Working with the toner cartridge is a messy endeavor -- don't be wearing white when you do it!For my needs, I don't see this as a big step up from an ink jet which would be less money and have more functionality. But if all you need is occasional "quick and b/w printing" and you REALLY REALLY want laser, this will work.Good luck.[NCJVR]
I go through a lot of printers. For what I do, I generally don't need a fancy printer, and you can always pick up a bargain printer for less than the cost of ink (or toner) for an existing printer. Some are good, some not so good, but none has been any problem until this thing.My biggest complaint is that after sending a job to the Samsung printer, my computer will not go into "sleep" mode. It just hangs at the "Preparing to stand by..." screen. I uninstalled the original Samsung software, did a system restore, got the latest driver, and still the problem persists. The problem ONLY occurs after using this Samsung printer. This is completely unacceptable. This printer has just achieved "boat anchor" status.Other annoyances:The Samsung printer software (installed from the boxed CD) hijacked my Print Screen key for some "easy capture manager" nonsense. I do not appreciate so-called "easy" software that changes the way my computer works without so much as a "by your leave".Prints of grayscale images (photos, shaded objects, etc.) have horizontal lines that shouldn't be there, showing that the toner is not distributed evenly.The manual feed slot is a bad joke. There is nothing to support the paper, so presumably you're supposed to stand there and hold it until the printer starts taking it in. No matter how I try to adjust the side guides, the paper does not feed straight, giving me trapezoidal shipping labels.I agree with another reviewer in regard to removing the output slot cover. It serves no purpose other than to create paper jams if you forget to open it before printing. Too bad you can't move it down to the manual feed slot; it would make an ideal support for the paper there.No printed manual; browser-based user manual complains that my default browser is not Internet Explorer. Also, pages are too wide for a standard 1024-pixel-wide display. Dumb glitches from a "name" brand.Stay far away from this one!
Positives:I love this printer.  I got it to replace another Samsung Printer, a ML-2525 which chugged along happily for years with no problems.  My experience with my old Samsung is that the print cartridge lasts forever (not the case with my HP or Epson printers)(as good as my old Lexmark E210 though) and costs less than other printers to replace (specifically, less than my HP).  So that is my basis for comparison.I have a Windows PC running Windows 7, and a Mac running Leopard.  I haven't tried to print from my Mac yet, and will update my review when I do so.I would try the Samsung Mobile Print app, but it only works on Android phones.  I moved my Samsung Galaxy Captivate from AT&T; to T-Mobile, and it became slow.  Therefore, I replaced it with a Windows Phone.  Horrible decision, I regret it to this day.  The pain I feel every time I look at my Nokia Windows Phone is intolerable.  And since the Nokia Windows Phone uses a micro SD card, I can't change back to my beloved Samsung Galaxy Captivate easily.  Don't make the same mistake I did.  Buy a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (not yet available for T-Mobile, because I transferred to the Cursed Carrier with old phones and dubious connectivity) and make your life better.  But I digress.Back to this printer review.Setup is easy.  The printer comes with a setup CD, which is great, buy my laptop has no CD drive.  Windows update detected the printer when I powered it on, though, and found and set up the drivers no problem.  It started working instantly.In my profession, I have voluminous printed records that need to be read, filed, and disseminated. This printer prints *very* quickly.  No, I did not time how quickly.  I love that it prints double sided so that I can save on paper.Negatives:The power cord is really short.  If you need to reach around your desk to plug it in, you will need an extension cord of a few feet.UPDATE: May 6, 2013: I need a new printer cartridge.Samsung MLT-D103L/XAA Toner 2.5K High Yield (ML-2955ND/DW, SCX-4729FD/FW)I use my printer in my home office, so it gets a lot of use.  I am upset that the printer cartridge costs almost as much as the new printer, but at least with Samsung, the ink lasts for a while.UPDATE: MARCH 11, 2014:  All of a sudden, my printer stopped working.  First I had trouble with the driver, so I uninstalled it tried to reinstall it.  The reinstall process did not work, because the computer could not detect the printer.  I had it connected via USB.  I unplugged and replugged the USB, unplugged and replugged the power cord, installed and uninstalled the driver.  No dice.  I called Samsung customer service (800-726-7864).  They had me do basically the same thing again.  While doing it, the printer simply stopped turning on.  I plugged it into a different wall outlet, through a power strip, all the variables.  No dice. The Samsung customer service people told me the warranty expired on February 28, 2014, so they can't help me.  All in all, this printer lasted a year and a half.  Frankly, I expected more.  Big loss of money, especially since I had just bought another toner cartridge for the printer.  What a waste.  I'm changing my rating of this printer from five stars to one star.  Even a first class printer should last more than just a year and a half.  My Lexmark E210 lasted almost a decade.  I would still be using that if they had kept updating the drivers for it.  Seriously, what a waste.ONE STAR.  FABULOUS PRODUCT, BUT SHORT-LIVED.
The picture implies that a card is included with this gift card mailer, but it is simply a lightweight envelope (included) in which you place a gift card (not included) and card (not included) or letter (not included) and an outer white envelope (included).  The quality is poor and as I already said, very lightweight.  The Christmas design on both cards is benign and not impressive.  I'd recommend putting the money for these cards into the gift card you're purchasing, and enclosing it in another vehicle for delivery to the recipient.  I'm carrying around two gift cards, one from a restaurant and the other from Trader Joe's, and both card holders are of a better quality paper than theQuality Park 2-in-1 Giftcard-e-lope, Giftcard Mailer with Greeting Card Built-In, Assorted Holiday Decorated Designs, 4.5 x 6.3125 Inches, White Outer Mailing Envelope, Pack of 2 (65020).  I cannot recommend this product at all.
I'm going to admit right off that I was a little biased coming into this product.  Months ago I reviewed another label maker and decided to try this one as well and do a little comparison.  The other label maker, an Epson LabelWorks LW-400, was very impressive, but was $10 more at the time I received the Dymo.First, the Dymo uses six AAA batteries.  I didn't have any on hand since they aren't commonly used and I had to wait a long time before I could buy any.  Why they couldn't use AA is beyond me, but that was my first disappointment.After I finally was able to get the batteries I sat down to play with the label maker.  While it does in fact make labels, it is rather plain and unimpressive.  Maybe I was spoiled by the other label maker, but the Dymo is somewhat unpleasant to use.  The buttons are a little stiff and I had to press the power and print buttons more than once for them to respond.  There is no "shift" button, so typing a single capital letter requires a press before and after - I will not type in all caps unless necessary, so that was a pain.  There is no user manual supplied and the features are very basic.  The display doesn't even have a backlight, so it is difficult to see it in a darker room.  I would not be as harsh on this product if it was not currently only $4 less than my Epson label maker (currently priced around $35), and the Epson has a lot of features.Unless prices drastically change, I'd highly recommend theEpson LabelWorks LW-400 Label Maker (C51CB70010).  It has many more features, has a variety of colors for label tapes, includes a manual as well as a list of symbols/clip art capabilities, and has a much better feel to it.  The Dymo just feels cheap in comparison, even if the price does not reflect that.
The label maker does not print.  The label feed does work but nothing is printed.  It drains (New) batteries right away.  There are no directions or troubleshooting features so the consumer can solve problems.  You must go online for their guide.  Even this was of no help.  The online guide does have a troubleshooting section but it does not address the problem of the unit not producing and printing on the tape.  The touch of the keypad is a bit resistant.  I have a Brother unit that is user-friendly and I have never had any issues with that one.  This has been nothing but a study in frustration.  Another review mentioned that the blade does not cut well but that is not a problem in my unit.  So, since I can easily cut the unprinted label that is ejected, I guess this earns one star.
This useless bit of plastic arrived with a 1/2" X 10' Label Cassette, a warranty booklet in four languages and a slick  small sheet showing how to load the cassette. No user guide or batteries were included. I did not have the required 6 AAA batteries on hand so I went to the Dymo web site to order the AC Adapter that was supposedly an option. I found the picture of the adapter but Dymo would not permit me to place an order. Went out and bought the 6 AAA batteries. Could not get a label printed. Congratulated Dymo for denying me the ability to waste money on an adapter for what they obviously knew was a worthless piece of junk masquerading as a labeler. Debated whether to send this back to China where it originated or to put it in my recycle bin for plastic. Chose the latter.Do yourself a favor and bypass this piece of waste.
i hope it's an exception, but my unit arrived DOA.It suffered almost every problem a label printer can experience.1. It drains battery power like crazy.  it takes 6 AAA batteries (can't believe this) and I put 6 brand new AAA batteries in there and it displays battery low.  I put another 6 freshly recharged AAA batteries in there and still display low battery.2. The little to nothing demo label included just keep jamming.  After toggling with it a few times, finally sits snug inside the 2 rectangle arms holding the label feed. However, the cutting blade is so dull if you don't hold the cutter press down hard, you risk ripping the entire label out when pulling.  And this will cause it to jam and fall out of the feed holder.3. It just won't print.  I am virtually out of the initial blank label that came in the box and it has not printed a readable label yet.I have used Epson, Brother label printers and this by far is the worst label printer I have used.If I could, it wouldn't even get 1 star.In the trash it will go.
To quote from Gilbert and Sullivan: "An insult, but a light one." So why make a fuss about BIC's "gender-specific" attempt to sell a good pen?  To begin with, many modern women are offended at being "characterized" (more often, stereotyped) on the basis of gender.  As we've learned from much feminist thought (excluding some more recent psychoanalytic French women theorists who became influential after Simone de Beauvoire's seminal "The Second Sex"), there is no "essential" difference between female and male consciousness. Hence, male authors such as James Joyce (Molly Bloom's monologue, occupying the last third of "Ulysses" and, perhaps above all, William Faulkner (Addie Bundren, "As I Lay Dying," and Rosa Coldfield, "Absalom, Absalom!) have represented the consciousness of female characters in comprehensive, penetrating, surgically precise prose/poetry that, at the least, matches the same authors' male characterizations. Consequently, Bic's pitch of what should be a gender-neutral product to a female audience is unlikely to meet with a warm reception in academe, especially since the 1970s. "Essentialism" is a nemesis if not a dirty word many Western feminists would expunge from all discourse about gender differences.  Just look at the patronizingly patriarchal discourse of the Republican Party during the present Presidential campaign: male candidates for high office are talking about "legislating women's right to choose"--in the 2nd decade of the new millennium!Still, even a feminist (and I don't exclude myself from that number) need not take serious offense at Bic's attempt to win women's favor.  Despite the flowery, Victorian, dainty colors (they're anything but garish), this is after all not a "fine" but a "medium point" pen.  Moreover, the barrel is surprisingly solid and large.  It's grip-friendly for the largest hands (and perhaps for some smaller ones).  The diameter is noticeably thicker and more rugged than the popular Bic Atlantis pen.  In fact, the barrel of this pen is bigger than any other ballpoint--Papermate, Pilot, Bic--in my large collection (I'm addicted to ballpoint pens and am especially fastidious about things like grip, flow, smoothness).One feature I did not realize until using this pen is that the colorful "flowery" barrel is not merely decorative: it indicates the color of the ink.  I had no idea that I would not merely be seeing red and violet on the pen but inscribing notes in those same colors.  So the BIC Her Fashion gets a "high five" for any ball pen users seeking alternatives to the universal, predictable, potentially bland and boring blue and black ink of most ball points.There's some initial resistance in getting the pen to loosen up and move freely, but after several minutes it was literally sailing through my stationery, leaving in its wake refreshing colors that I have no doubt some correspondents will relish as much as I.  If you're a male, open up to the wisdom of all cultures concerning gender. The yin and the yang, the anima and the animus are not mutually exclusive.  We all have--in our chromosomes and genetic make-up--psychological, emotional, and physical traits normally associated with the "other" sex.  And admitting to those traits can be a healthy exercise in self-examination as well as promotion of better understanding of what we as human beings have in common.So, go on--pick up two packs of these pens and share them with your male friends.  By employing the pen, men can at once congratulate BIC on a good product DESPITE--not because of--its  steretypically feminine adornments.
Women of the World unite! Show Bic that we won't be tempted by mere "jeweled accents" and "fashion ink"! She who holds this pen will not crash through the glass ceiling. We demand fur, feathers, jewels, and jobs.We. Want. It. All! And. We. Want. It. NOW!!!!
The product description of these storage bins doesn't state that they're made of cardboard.  I received these free in return for reviewing the product, but had I paid nearly 15 dollars for two cardboard boxes, the boxes would be going back.  And I'd be ticked off.  I removed three stars from my rating for the misleading/unclear product description.The product lost an additional star for the single handle as opposed to more useful double handles.  I get it; the box handle is designed to help you pull it off a shelf.  But, this product would have much greater versatility if it had handles on both sides.The measurements are clearly stated in this item's description, so I knew how big it would be, but it may be worth noting that it is smaller than the lidded Bankers Box file box that I am used to seeing.Lastly, the packaging on these was ridiculous.  My 2-pack of boxes arrived inside a cardboard shipping box that was inside a HUGE shipping box filled with paper.  Way overdone. I didn't remove any stars from my product review for the excessive packaging as I'm reviewing the product and not the packaging.  However, the packaging is another negative in my list of dislikes regarding this product.Bottom line: I don't recommend the Bankers Box Cubby Storage Bins.  Nope, not at all.
This printer calls for very expensive ink, and the cartridges interact in such a way with the printer that when they register low, they will continue to register low and not work even if you try to re-fill them.  I have tried buying a cheap refillable black cartridge for the printer and filling it with standard black ink and am having trouble getting it to print consistently.  Perhaps it would have been better to use pigment ink which I hear is more compatible with this printer.  Still, the printer recognizes the cartridge as a genuine Epson cartridge and says the ink level is at full and it printed fine for a little while.  When I had initially run out of black ink, the printer would stop every time I tried to print and ask me if I wanted to go ahead and print with all colors.  I would click yes and all would be fine, however there was no way to say "Do this all the time", so finally, I clicked the button, "I have already purchased ink", to try to make the delay go away, but then I was completely stopped by the printer until I got another cartridge for it.  Maddening!  Also, when I put the cheap replacement cartridge in, I did not fill it up completely as I was not sure it was going to work and I did not want to waste ink, so when I decided it was working okay, and I wanted to take the cartridge out and fill it completely, I almost could not get the cartridge back out.  When I opened the printer, the cartridges would not move into a position where I could open the lid and remove them.  Luckily, I finally noticed settings on the machine that could force this to happen.  After filling up the cheap cartridge completely, it printed fine for a while, but now I can only get it to print when I put special settings on the print job, such as "photo-paper semi-gloss", (and the cartridge is quite full of ink - even the printer reads it that way, AND I have tried all the maintenance settings - cleaning the head, etc...).  I have made the "photo-paper semi-gloss" settings the default settings and am having mild success printing fairly low quality print-outs (VERY slow print-out, of course). At all turns, this printer is programmed to force the consumer to buy their expensive ink cartridges.  I know most printers seem to be going the same route, but I refuse to give a decent rating to a printer that costs $100.00 and tries to control your every move with re-filling ink or re-placing ink cartridges.  I will probably replace this printer very soon, as I am not sure I can make it print reliably at an affordable price.Update:  It is now April 1, 2012.  I ran out of colored ink and since this printer has no "use black ink only" setting, ("print in grayscale" setting still uses colored ink.), I am again at a complete stop when it comes to printing.  I have ordered $20.00 worth of compatible ink to refill my refillable cartridges.  (I purchased the refillable cartridges and the ink from Inksupply.com.)  When the ink gets here at the end of the week, I will see if I can make this printer work again.  If not, I will throw it in the trash and go back to HP.  So far, all the HPs we have had, had at least a 'print in black ink only' setting so you could print without colored ink in black and white.  (Although HP seems to be making attempts to get you to ruin your cartridges when you refill the ink by putting many fake holes in the cartridges so you can't figure out where to fill and your ink goes everywhere.  Still, with some savvy, we seem to still be able to make our fairly recent model HP work fine in black ink only.)  All the printer companies are working hard these days trying to sell you $15.00 cartridges when you only need to purchase 20 cents of worth of ink, but I really hate the Epson company and would never try them again.Update: April 6, 2012.  Got the compatible ink - emptied the black cartridge of incompatible ink and filled all cartridges with compatible ink.  I can now get a splotchy black print on 'plain paper', 'normal' settings only - nothing but light blur on any other settings.  Printer going in the trash.  I will use my partner's HP until I find which printer I want to replace with, likely another HP product.  One other thing I did not like about the Epson printer is it was very hard to recycle paper by using the backs of bad prints, because it loaded from the bottom, whereas all the HPs we had, load simply at the back straight up so you can put a recycled piece of paper in one piece at a time, when you are not printing something important.
Why in the world do they call this thing a "docking station"?  A docking station should have some method ingrained in its design to neatly and safely charge small electronic devices.  Since most modern people have at least two or three such devices which need charging every night, and most of us also have spouses or children who also have two or three, a docking station should have at least five or six spaces to charge, and plugs and switches to accommodate the cords.  This box not only does not accommodate enough devices, but its only feature which in any way makes it a receptacle for charging is that it has holes drilled in it where you can thread the cords.  There are no outlets or switches on the box.The box is heavy and cumbersome.  It also has very sharp edges.  The thing looks like it should be in someone's garage or shop to hold -- I don't know, maybe small tools or something.  You do not want this ugly thing in your kitchen or office.  I really don't get the locked drawer at the bottom, either.  If you care enough to lock up something valuable, then why lock it in a portable box which a potential thief could just pick up and walk off with it?This thing is stupid.  A waste of materials.
UPDATE:  Days are now colder and I am demanding more of my foot heater.  The Fellowes Heat & Slide Footrest doesn't do an adequate job of keeping my feet warm (I have to slide my foot around the footrest to find the heat).  On the flip side, my favorite foot heater (Vornado, see below), does an excellent job of keeping my feet warm (& I love the fan).  I've down-rated the Fellowes from 3 stars to 1 star.  Spend your money on the Vornado & you won't be disappointed.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I LOVE a good Foot Heater & have been using theVornado EH1-0039-06 225-Watt SoleAire Foot Rest and Personal Space Heaterfor the past 3 years in my office.  The Vornado has a fan & does a great job of distributing heat. The only drawback of the Vornado is that it has a fixed foot position & if you try to move the footrest, sometimes the rubber feet with come off & you have to bend down to put them back in.This Fellowes Foot Heater does not have a built in fan & warms your feet with a gentle warmth that takes a little time to get warm once you turn it on.  The heat seems to come from the middle (around your foot arch) & mine seems to be warmer on my left foot side.  The foot heater does an OK job but you have to be shoe-free to enjoy the gentle warmth that this machine provides.The Fellowes heater gives the user the ability to adjust their foot position, which is a nice feature.  However, the heater moves fairly easily, so it seems that I am constantly adjusting my foot position & sometimes have to bend down under my desk to adjust it by hand.I have let the "time" expire on the foot heater a couple of times.  When that happens, the red button flashes.  The first time this happened, I simply pushed the flashing button & it stopped.  The second time, I had to unplug the unit a couple of times before I could get the button to stop flashing.I will use this Fellowes heater in my home office because it is here.  If I had to choose the Vornado over the Fellowes (price not a factor), I would choose the Vornado without hesitation.
I use regular black Sharpie Markers all the time, and I probably own dozens of them. They're all over the house and my office, in every drawer and cubby-hole, and there's even one in my commuter bag. So I usually love Sharpie products, and I looked forward to reviewing these markers. Accepting the Sharpie Company's claims that these Sharpie Brush Tip Permanent Markers would allow me to "write on almost any surface- from glass, wood and stone to plastic or metal and, of course, paper," I decided to conduct my own extremely unscientific tests to prove or disprove the manufacturer claims.The markers passed the basic paper test, but were a complete and radical failure on every other kind of surface I tested. I tried something I've done on the cover of other books I own, writing my name on the outside front cover. Five minutes later, I touched the ink, and it smeared. FAIL #1. This would not happen with a regular Sharpie Marker. Test #2: I wrote my name on a plastic water bottle, left it alone for about 15 minutes, came back, and was able to easily smear the ink with my finger. FAIL #2. Test #3: A glass bottle, I swiped the outside of the bottle with one of these markers, left it alone for 20 minutes, came back, and was able to easily smear the ink with one finger. Fail #3. Unlike regular Sharpie markers, these are neither indelible or permanent. If I'd paid for them, I would have taken them back to the store for a refund, and if there was an option to leave -star or no stars at all, that's what I would do. 1 out of 5 is too kind for these markers.
I installed the software which too a long time, I think close to 15 minutes or more. Then I hooked up the scanner and I don't know if I got a lemon or what but half the time it does not recognize that there is anything in the scanner but I keep getting a message that the scan is complete and do I want to scan more. I am sincerely hate this little scanner even if it did work right there is very little that it can do. It can scan to a jpeg, pdf and something else (I can't get the software to load right now) there is no sorting like some scanners will and the resolution isn't that great either.It instals several things on your computer and there is no easy way to uninstall all of this garbage, they don't include anything to uninstall the whole package so I am doing a system restore so that I can remove everything.In conclusion I do not recommend this scanner, it has proven to be more of a frustration than anything.
The box that this was shipped in was sturdier than this file box!  Definitely not worth $9.99!  I suppose there s some value as a letter storage container, but I would be ashamed to set it out where anyone can see it.  Don't waste your money.  I got this from Vine for free, but feel guilty that money was spent to ship it to me.
In addition to the box being flimsy, it's quite poorly designed. The carrying holes are at awkward places, and the way the front bends open does not properly line up with the back opening for comfortable carrying. What a torrential waste of money.
Ok this is at best a silly product and at worst a bit of flim-flam. It is a thin, light weight cardboard box that has a cut out at the top to be used as a "handle". It fits inside a drawer or on a counter top easily enough and it's made out of some recycled content and that is the extent of the good things I can say. If you fill this box up with papers and carry it around with the "handle" then you risk tearing it and losing all your papers when it falls to the ground.And the price? HOLY COW! For 10 dollars I could buy a bunch of manila folders and labels to organize with and still have some cash left over. I think I'll stick with my Smead container that has a fold over flap and is made of a light plastic with dividers inside.
I carry a lot of files around: inevitably, some of these end up loose in my car because I grab them off my desk on my way out the door.  I keep saying I am going to stop creating paperwork and completing paperwork, but there you go.  Anyway I thought this would be an easy way to catch some of those loose files, and it was, for a one time use, which makes it a very expensive, or cheap, file holder, depending on how you look at it.The color is nice
After trying out this Smead "File Box", I had to read the other reviews, just in case I was missing out on something.  But I wasn't.  It really is every bit as pathetic as my first impression.Here's my stream of thoughts as I started with this:- plastic shrink wrap, need a key or knife or something to get this open...- cardboard?  Seriously?- Dude, the shrink wrap was tougher than the "finish" on this box, I already scratched the blue paint!- it says fold-lock bottom, let's see... okay, I see what they're *trying* to do, but one push from the side and this will collapse- okay, what about these side flaps? Are they supposed to fold in, or ... huh?  I don't understand them.- fold-handle front thingy... umm  Sorry - my hand is bigger than that. This handle must be sized for, I dunno, maybe ten-year-olds?- and with folders inside it, the handles are blocked anyway!  This is worse than useless!And again - cardboard.Seriously - the Amazon shipping box that this came in has far more value than this pathetic Smead File Box product.  Even getting it free, this thing is not worth the time I put into testing it or writing this review.
I hate hanging files for many reasons I won't bother to enumerate. I was hoping to use this file case as an alternative.  I had planned to put a bunch of them in my file cabinet and drop file folders into them.Problem #1: Even if you do figure out (without instructions) how to assemble the case so that the bottom actually serves as a bottom, it won't stay that way. The bottom keeps popping open.  I solved that problem by taping it shut.  Shouldn't have to do that, though, so we're off to a rocky start.  Furthermore, even after I taped the bottom, the case does not remain rectangular. Because of how it is packaged for shipping, it keeps trying to morph back into a non-rectangular parallelogram.Problem #2: File folders do not fit easily into the case.  They do fit, but just barely, and only if your papers are fully contained within the folder before you try to put the folder in the case.Problem #3: If you try to use the case as a container for loose paper, the papers will sag to the bottom unless you really cram it full of paper, or unless you put the paper in other containers before you put it in the case.I suppose some people will find a good use for this thing, but unfortunately it didn't satisfy any of my needs.
Smead's MO File Box is made from cardboard.  It looks and feels cheap, but is not priced that way.  Setting up the file box is easy enough, it comes packaged flat and expanding it to lock into a box is simple and quick.  Once expanded, you have a small cardboard box capable of holding things.  Wow!  The interior bottom is not flat because this is where the box locks into place, another negative.  I cannot recommend this file box to anyone.
This is a file case made of thin corrugated paper material with an attractive, contemporary tone-on-tone, shiny-on-flat design that unfortunately accentuates the corrugations.  The surface with the design seems to be a sheet of shiny stock because the ink scratched off exposing the white surface when I was unwrapping it using a pair of scissors and then again when trying to fit it in a file cabinet.  (I thought it might be plastic but it burns rather than melts when a flame is held to it.)It has two cut-out handholds but they are at different heights, only the front flap folds inwards, and they are blocked by papers or file folders so they are only good for a two-handed lift and for that they're not needed, anyway.There is a matching accessory slipcover sold separately that should be included instead--or better yet, a lid that fastens with Velcro instead of the useless handholds, which should be on the ends, not the sides. It should also come with a piece of cardboard to cover the inside of the bottom which has flaps that self-assemble when the box is unfolded but which then won't lay flat and don't seem very secure.  The box is also more of a parallelogram than a rectangle because it won't quite stay unfolded.The description on Amazon is wrong at this time: it doesn't expand except from flat to unfolded.  It is 3 in. deep and holds roughly 1 1/2 reams of standard copy paper.Overall, this file case is rather flimsy, doesn't carry very easily or even function well as a simple box, isn't durable, and looks like something from the $0.99 store once it's scratched up.  I got this as a review sample and am still very disappointed because I was going to use it for tax papers but didn't want to leave it out on my desk.  I ended up cutting off the useless front flap and using part of it to line the bottom.  Since the box is all scratched up (and singed), I'm just going to use it in the front of the file cabinet drawer to hold supplies.
Like other reviews I've read, this is a piece of junk.  Made out of cardboard it doesn't stand up to large amounts of paper very well.  It is flimsy for the amount of paper you are supposed to be able to put in it.  It rips easily.  Don't just walk away from it...RUN!  Look for something more sturdy or plastic.  It just isn't worth it!
Okay folks, I will save you a ton of reading, don't buy it. Even if you have money to burn....the heat you get from throwing the bills into the fireplace will give you better value than buying this "file box."Okay, so here goes..... "Holds up to 750 sheets," it says. And that is true. In fact, I'm sure it will hold "up to," a million sheets (depending on the size of each sheet). In the real world, one would expect a "letter size" file box to hold 750 letter sized sheets of paper, normal paper. Probably if you really squeezed them in, but then good luck getting them out.....and I'm still not sure, as the pack I put in was 500 sheets and it doesn't look like I can get another 250 in there. I also don't understand what the 3 inch expansion means. Folks, once you open it that's it, it does not "expand." I also cannot understand why the front of it folds down. When you fold it down the handles do not line up, so what's the point? Lastly, this is thin cardboard. That's it. Nothing fancy. Aka, no reason to be this expensive.There are some positives: it does hold paper, you can put it together easily, it has cut out handles, and it has a nice finish. That's it. Sorry folks. I really thought this would come in handy, but I use it to store construction paper for the kids.
This file box is an insult to consumers. It is terribly overpriced! I do not recommend it at all.I originally thought it would be that sort of sturdy plastic coated cardboard, but no, it's not. It's just cardboard and not sturdy.It pops up into shape in literally 5 seconds, but that is the ONLY positive remark can make about it.The bottom is tucked pieces of the cardboard, so it never really is flat and it WILL pop open from the weight of the papers inside, if you would try to lift it from the handle cutouts at the top.Which brings me to the "handles."  You would think those little cutouts on the top flaps were to be used as handles, but good luck with actually accomplishing that. One of the top flaps is made with a crease to fold in, but the other side is not. So, when you try to grab the box by the cutouts/handles, one side closes in and the other side stays upright and your fingers barely even reach to both sides. Even if you have really long fingers, it would be very uncomfortable/awkward. The openings are very small, as well.I am absolutely certain you can find something more sturdy, more functional for much less money.
This thing is a great concept, but totally worthless piece of cr*&%! Don't waste your money and especially don't give it as a gift. It's beyond me how someone would manufacture a product that doesn't work at all. It seldom cuts and mostly just tears the paper. The only thing good I can say is it's pretty well made and sturdy and it's a nice color. Designers, please go back to the drawing board on functionality!
Hard to use and very difficult to get to fit under the guide the paper must be fitted to.  I found this to be a pain in the rear and gave up after a short time trying to use it.  The few times I could get the paper positioned right the cut was good but it wasn't worth the time or effort.* PIECE OF JUNK
The scissor mouse sounded like a good idea; in actual use, it's way more trouble than it's worth. The bottom of the mouse features a flimsy little red plastic piece that fits under the paper you cut and guides it onto the cutter. Unfortunately, that piece is soft, flimsy and fragile and can be damaged way too easily. The mouse comes in one of those irritating blister packages and I ended up damaging it while unpacking, rendering the mouse unusable.The design could be tremendously improved by making the guide removable and bundling replacements, as well as adding a storage compartment for these replacements inside the mouse. Short of that, I can't recommend this product. A four year old will fare better and be less frustrated with plastic-lined rounded safety scissors than with this flawed gadget.
I had some quality (heavy) wrapping paper, and this tore it, rather than cut it.  I did find that I had better luck pushing it down as I "cut" the paper, but it still started tearing it before I got through the width of paper.  I'll stick with scissors.
This looks like it would cut through paper very easily, but don't be fooled.  It eats up paper instead.  There's a guide on the bottom that you need to hook the paper under, but the paper gets stuck.  After a lot of prodding, I managed to get it going, but when it came to the end of the paper, it wouldn't continue and ended up chewing up the last 3 ".There is a rotary blade in the bottom of this mouse-like instrument, which will cut through any surface you have it on, so don't cut your paper on a counter, table or any other surface you don't want to mark up.  Make sure you only use a cutting board when you use this.I'll stick to scissors.
This looks like a good idea, but its really just a different way of packaging one of those paper cutters where you put the paper into the guide.  For safety reasons this is designed with a guide on the bottom and the paper must be inserted into the guide.  The cutting (or more accurately tearing because the blade is not sharp enough to cut paper) occurs as the paper is pushed through the guide.  There is no visibility of where one is cutting.  I found this "mouse" much harder to use than a plain old scissors and the cutting job from this mouse was pretty messy.
This tape is a pretty spring green color and you can write on it but it doesn't do the one thing tape is supposed to do, which is to stick. I wanted this to label my wires coming out of my various computer conponents. I wrote the type of each wire on a piece of this and wrapped it around each wire. I stuck the two ends of the tape to each other, sticky sides together, to make a little tag that would identify which wire went to which device. I was delighted with it.Until, much to my chagrin, after all the work, (I have over fifty wires) all the pretty little green tags were lying all over the floor. I had also put two pieces of tape on my electric stationary bike to identify a couple of mystery buttons, and they too were on the floor.If you need tape that sticks to something and remains that way don't buy this tape. The sticky side doesn't stick for more than two weeks.
I can't believe Swingline put their name on this product.  When I received this stapler (which didn't even come packaged in any way) my first thought were, &#34;Where are the staples?&#34;  Nope, it doesn't come with a single staple.  I put staples I had at home in and it immediately jammed.  Usually, I'd think maybe I needed to buy better Swingline staples for the Swingline stapler, but in this case, I don't see that it's going to matter.  When I could staple without jamming, the whole thing is so cheap that I could only get the staple through a 2-3 sheets of paper.  Overall, this feels like a cheap, plastic stapler you'd get from the everything's a dollar store and certainly not something you'd expect to get from Swingline.
This is what I would call a &#34;throw away&#34; stapler. Cheaply made out of plastic, the stapler would not hold up to heavy use. I tested the stapler on a variety of textures of paper, and was able to staple up to the 30 pages in the description, but the results were variable. About every three or four uses, the staples got stuck in the opening, or would not work at all. The pluses? The stapler is attractive and extremely light, which means it would easily fit in a school bag or briefcase for occasional use. As a desk stapler, however, you'd be better off investing in a higher quality item that works consistently, and will last longer.
Tickets a heavy paper, only about half as thick as paperboard (65#)Kind of a disappointment coming from Avery. I've used & love a LOT of their products. This one missed the mark.Tickets tear easier from stubs than they do each otherGreat idea, but needs to be thickerNice size for events, etc. Might be OK for same day use.Takes inkjet OK, better with laser printer.Avery has online software, but you're better off if you have either the old software of just using MS Word OK, or better, Open Office Writer.Online software had some pictures, the program is extremely clunky, although can be used on pads & cell phones.It took me roughly 15 minutes to find out that you need to make an account, THEN you can find the software for the tickets, otherwise the web site will take you in circlesThe old Avery software wasn't great, but the new software leaves a LOT to be desired.I's suggest http://www.amazon.com/Blanks-USA-Pre-Cut-Numbered-TKS02X9WH/dp/B001T0HG7U/ref=pd_sbs_op_5 instead, as it is already pre-numbered and they are made with heavier paperYou can then use "Writer" or "Word" software."Open Office" is a free office suite Avery had yet to recognize, yet is a FAR superior program or MS Word, AND is open source! You can keep the basic features if you like, or add as many as you want & you can save to multiple formatsNot a lot of artwork to choose from, tabs are not in the order they need to be used. This wasn't a problem for me, as I'd used their old software before.Someone needs to start from scratch & make some software that is easier to use with Avery products!This is the first product of Avery's that I've truly been disappointed with.If you're going to have an event worth creating custom tickets, you'll want to do it on thicker paperboard (a 110# or above) , otherwise, you might as well , save the money, time & ink and buy a roll of 2000 standard tickets & be done with it!Here's a roll of 2000 standard tear ticketshttp://www.amazon.com/PM-Company-Deposit-Tickets-59005/dp/B003B1ZHFS/ref=pd_sbs_op_3ad, as I'm generally a fan of Avery products. It seems like on-line software was thrown together. The older software you downloaded was better, but srill needed some work to refine it.
I've now had these pens for awhile and they are terrible. They now write very inconsistently as compared to how they wrote when I first received them. The review below is what I wrote when I first tried the pens. I thought they were really great. Now however, they do not write as smoothly, the ink flow is inconsistent and it appears ink gathers at the tip so the first time you write (after say a day of letting the pen sit), you get a slight glob of ink. I thought it might have been just the particular one I was using but had put the others in different locations and started seeing the same problem with each one. Of the 5, only one still writes as I wrote about it initially. The other 4 are useless. I am really disappointed as these were the best rollerball pens but now are worse then cheap ballpoints. They are not really even usable so I'm just going to throw them away. Highly NOT recommended now.I don't usually use rollerball type pens as they are not smooth enough or take too much pressure to write or are inconsistent with the ink depositing on the paper. These Uni-Ball Elite are some of the best rollerball pens that I have used. They write smoothly with very even ink application even with light pressure and nice ink colors. What I like the most is that they are very easy to use and the ink flows easily allowing very fast writing yet with good style. I write very fast and most pens don't keep up well or are scratchy in one way or another but these Uni-Ball Elite kept up nicely even well I was writing as fast as I could and the results were excellent, better than any other inexpensive pens. However, some of the other reviewers commented that the pens were not smooth or consistent so I'm wondering about Uni-ball's quality control. Before I'd buy more of these, I would want to make sure I can return them if they are not 100% as good as the ones I have now.
The Ampad Versa [25-635] at first glance seems to be the perfect little secretary to carry around with you!As a busy professional, I am always looking for great notebooks for note taking, appointments, and reminders. I could hardly wait for this one to arrive.Unfortunately, I felt that the materials were flimsy and weak.The "re-positional" pages and book markrs sound good when you talk about them. Unfortunately, the tabs that hold them in place are weak and easily bent and then don't allow them to be re-inserted for a new location.The file pockets seemed a big plus! But in fact are so thin that nothing more than one or two layers of paper can be inserted without pulling them apart.Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of Ampad products and have used them for years with success! However, this new notebook just doesn't make the grade.It does come complete with flexible page bookmarks, as well as sticky pads and arrows for pointing out highlights and important notes.The 6" x 9" size is perfect for purse or briefcase.I just can't endorse the flimsy construction or lack of proper pocket space.I give this product one [1] star and a thumbs down.[So Sad!]****DISCLOSURE: This product was provided by Amazon Vine in exchange for an independent and non-biased review.
*UPDATE 3*And now Epson has given me yet ANOTHER reason to NEVER again purchase any of their products: They've charged my credit card, WITHOUT MY AUTHORIZATION, for merchandise that I returned to them FOUR MONTHS AGO!Upon the installation of original Epson cartridges to get my printer to work, the gold-plated metal chip readers in the cartridge carrier started pulling out after I tried to re-seat the cartridges properly in the carrier. Contacting Epson Customer Service was an exercise in frustration that took over an hour, and required that I explain simple information repeatedly. Once the agent - a Corporate Customer Service agent, no less - finally understood, she explained to me that I could either ship it back and wait four to six weeks for a replacement, or I could offer up my personal credit card for what she told me would ONLY be a hold on my account, in order to expedite the shipment of the refurbished replacement printer, once they'd received the unit that I'd be shipping back to them. VERY reluctantly I offered up my credit card, as I didn't want to wait forever and a day for my replacement printer. The hold was put on my card in mid-April, and had been removed by a month later.TODAY, July 31, 2013, I check my credit card information to find that the EXACT same amount of that hold FROM BACK IN APRIL was RECHARGED to my card yesterday, and is PENDING! At NO point in time did ANYONE from Epson contact me for ANY reason or with ANY information stating that my card would be charged for a unit that they received FOUR MONTHS ago!!! So, WITHOUT ANY AUTHORIZATION from me, Epson has CHARGED my card for merchandise that broke down within less than THREE months of ownership (and that's me being VERY generous with the time frame!), that I SHIPPED BACK to them MONTHS ago!!! And now, simply because they had my credit card information on file, Epson decides to just charge my card for a defective printer that they've already received, without a single word to me?!? I don't think so!!! I've contacted my credit card company and explained that Epson had NO authority to charge my card, and did it without my authorization. Epson never contacted me about ANY of this, and they've already received my returned printer, so they have no legal right to apply ANY charge, hold, or ANYTHING to my card!!! This is just ONE more reason why I will NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM EPSON AGAIN.*UPDATE 2*So, it wasn't just my imagination. After having spoken to two different Tech Support agents at Epson: Sam, who was as rude and condescending as any Customer Service rep I've ever dealt with, and Lee, who was much more polite, but still unable to help in any way, it's been confirmed to me that this WorkForce (hah! Funny name, not-so-funny joke there, Epson!) 2530 will NOT do ANYTHING without ALL four ink cartridges containing enough ink to be recognized as anything but empty.I've owned a lot of printers in my time. NEVER before have I owned a printer that simply WOULD NOT FUNCTION because ONE toner cartridge was empty. Every single other printer I've ever had has been able to be set, and function fully, on strictly grayscale printing, using strictly black ink. Unless I'm going to be printing large quantities of photos or something similar, I simply don't keep color toner/cartridges on-hand. Black has always been enough for me. But to encounter a printer with a name that, prior to now, had seemed as reputable as Epson's once was for me, with all these fancy-schmancy bells and whistles, and find that I can't even update the firmware, complete a reinstall, or do anything else aside from scan, simply because ONE color of toner is OUT?!? That's just unconscionably stupid to me. I'm supposed to be able to print to it from my handset wherever I am using the remote printing app, even if I'm as far away from my Virginia home as L.A., but, wait, I can't do it because ONE color is expended?!? Stupidest... thing... EVER!!!I will never again buy an Epson printer.*UPDATE 1*Now that I've owned this Epson printer for a while now, I can sincerely say that it's just as poor a value overall as the worst printer you might've encountered. I recently plopped down fifteen bucks to replace the black toner cartridge - which gave me the bare minimum in printed documents when compared to other printers I've owned - and, now that I'm really low on color toner, it won't print ANYTHING. I've even spent the past hour now trying anything I can to default past its insistence that I refill it with Epson inks, to simply get it to print a single trifling document. It won't do it.If you've considered this printer, you've probably looked up the toner that goes with it. If you've done that, you've seen that the four cartridges of toner - black, yellow, magenta, and cyan - total almost as much as the printer ITSELF will cost you, if you get the higher capacity cartridges, which are the only ones that'll actually get you more than a piddly 50 or so printed documents. I don't know about you, but I don't consider $75 in toner for a $90 or so printer to be money well-invested, especially when that toner doesn't last anywhere near as long as it should! My printer has been insistently telling me for the last hour or so that it's out of magenta toner, and has turned itself offline, and WILL NOT PRINT, regardless of the fact that I've set my printer to print in GRAYSCALE ONLY. NOTHING that I do will prompt this thing to print, and I am simply OVER this printer now! I SO will not be recommending Epson printers to even my worst enemy at this point (well, maybe my worst enemy; watching her get confounded by this printer WOULD be pretty entertaining)!In short, when it comes to Epson, if they ALL behave like this, just say no. There has GOT to be something better, and more cost-effective, than THIS out there!!!* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *This is my first Epson printer, and it does a great job of creating high quality copies, scans, printouts, and faxes. I've owned a few printers over the course of time, and this is my second one that offers wireless printing, and an app to allow for remote printing from an equipped device. While I have yet to have a need to use either said remote printing feature, or the fax option, it's nice to have such a professional-looking printer at home that offers the options.Setup was a snap (once I realized that my Avast antivirus was disabling my WiFi setup), and customer service was very quick to respond, and quite helpful on my calls to them.I alternately own aBrother MFC-J435W Network-Ready Wireless Color All-In-One Printerthat has been great. I didn't have the difficulty setting up that Brother wirelessly that I experienced with this Epson, so I'm not quite sure why Avast would block the Epson, since it didn't block the Brother...This Epson has a smaller footprint than any other printer that I've owned, which is great for me in my home office space. The quality of print images that it puts out are better than other printers that I own and, as long as the refill cartridges are cost-effective, I'll consider this a great addition to my home office space (they're not, so it's not).It does what it's supposed to do, well, and quickly (but not inexpensively): scanning, copying, and printing is fast, easy, and, with the remote printing app, can be done from anywhere that you may need to... For the on-the-go business person that has the need to conduct business away from home, but still print there from a distance, who doesn't mind burning through money to keep the toner stocked and, consequently, the printer functioning, this Epson covers the bases, and at a price for the machine itself that's more than fair. The toner costs, and longevity, however, leave MUCH to be desired.Look elsewhere. If all Epson printers function like this one does, they're just not worth the cost, and the headaches. Brother does better, for starters... Check them out instead.
The only reason I gave this print one star is that there is no setting on the print window for "draft" or "economy" printing. It uses a lot of ink and there's nothing I can do about it. When I can afford it, I'm getting rid of this one and getting one that's highly-rated by consumer reports for ink usage.Update 3.20.13: Now the printer is mysteriously printing poorly, skipping lines, and I'm about done with it. I will probably use up the ink cartridges I have and then buy another printer.
Ok its a descent printer. I wanted it for its air print feature so my ipad can print to it. None of the ipad apps work well so I wanted this, and it works flawlessly. I have four epson printers from this one to an artisan 710 and the Workforce series. It seems like all of them do one thing well leaving something lacking. The pain in the butt on this one is the paper feed trays are not only confusing, but are small. The printer wont print pictures to regular paper tray without some hokus pocus that I cant figure out. You must use the photo paper tray that has all these settings and guides you must align. The other epsons work easier but dont print quite as good a quality photos except the artisan is as good.The touch screen is awesome. A must have feature. No more clicking through ten menues to get to where you need to be to change a setting.One of the strangest features is extending print guide. Watch the video and you will see it. I like the printer, but it does have its flaws. I would not buy it again. It is such a departure in design and function from previous epsons. Its just odd.Update:Ink cartridges are very small. Smallest I have seen on any printer. Ran out after twenty pages. Printer shuts down and will not print after it gets a signal of low ink.I have contacted Epson about this problem they replied cartridges only intended to prime ink heads not to print. Need another set of cartridges to print , &#34;would you like to order some from me now?&#34; Uhhh NO
Just an update to the review I wrote a very short time ago (at least... for a printer's lifetime).A few weeks after writing this review, black text started looking a little "off". The ink monitor showed that black was low, so I dutifully bought a new Genuine Epson cartridge. I put it in, did the magic new cartridge dance, cleaned out the print head, and... no black."Hm. Must be Photo Black! I don't know why it's blending them, but I'll give that a shot." So, another cartridge, another new cartridge incantation, and... no black. Thinking "Wow, what a waste of ink it would be if I kept doing these head cleanings on all five cartridges!", I decided to take out all but Black - which caused the printer to freak out and cry about not having its whole collection.Well, on a printer that's fairly new, I'll just RMA it. Sorry, not so much with Epson. They won't just take your word for it, so there's a solid hour of time I get to spend troubleshooting with someone who thinks this is my first printer. Wonderful.And while "Epson won't print black" is an incredibly common search term that produces tons of hits, none of them go anywhere useful. Basically: everyone's Epson seems to do this, and the solution is getting Epson to replace it. Why this never happened on my Workforce 840 is probably luck, if I had to guess.But wait... my story gets better. Epson sent me a replacement. I got to trade my shiny new (albeit broken) printer for a refurbished model that was scratched everywhere, and had mysterious "splashes" all over one side. I was kind of sad that I had a printer that looked so trashed until... YAY! Epson replaced my broken printer with... ANOTHER BROKEN PRINTER! This one wouldn't even power on properly.So what did I do? Why, I called Epson! (Did I mention that it's not toll-free? I get that most people, myself included, have wireless phones or unlimited long distance these days, but still, it seemed pretty chintzy.)This time, it only took twenty minutes. I described the problem, which the first person immediately confirmed as being a hardware problem. He transferred me to someone else, who took somewhat longer to confirm that, yes, there was a hardware problem. Great! Try again, right? Mmmmm... no. For reasons that the support guy couldn't articulate, he couldn't send a replacement. Someone *might* call me in 24 - 48 hours, but if they don't, I should call back, unless I want to wait 3 - 5 business days to see if a replacement just happens to show up. (I'm not even kind of making this up.)P.S., hope you live near a FedEx depot or Kinko's, because they're the only places you can drop off the broken printer. Lucky me, the nearest Kinko's is almost across the street from the nearest FedEx depot -- 20 miles away. And since I now have to return the first printer within 7 days to prevent a charge on my credit card, and the replacement replacement printer may or may not come, I get to go twice! Maybe I'll visit both places!***Original Review Follows***Between my Canon Pixma MX850, MX860, andEpson WorkForce 845(not to mention several others), I've settled in to some requirements for any decent multifunction printer, and I have to say, the XP-800 has hit just about every mark:1) Hybrid supportOne of the things I've traditionally disliked about Epson multifunction printers is their penchant for leaving Mac users in the cold. Even the 845 had features that worked in Windows (e.g. "Scan to PC") but not OS X. Fortunately, Epson has come up with great Windows *and* Mac drivers -- AND they're apparently paying penance by including Google Cloud Print (so Chromebooks can print, too), e-mail-to-print, AirPrint... Seriously, hats off on this one. Everything that works in Windows 8 works in OS X, and just about every mobile device under the sun can print.2) SizeThe XP-800 is smaller in every dimension from any other multifunction printer I've owned, yet it still manages to pack two front-loading paper trays! There's a catch, though, in that it protrudes nearly 10" when the tray comes out for printing -- and the tray never automatically retracts. It's probably the most confusing design I've ever seen on a printer. Yet, it still takes up less space than either of my Pixmas.3) Print qualityEver since the Epson Stylus 740, there's been a certain sharpness of text / softness of color that even a casual observer could notice. "Did you print this on an Epson?" has been asked more than a few times, and I'd wager, rarely in a negative way. While the text quality on the XP-800 is more than decent, I did notice that the characteristic Epson "look" was missing for the first time since the late 90's.4) Ink managementEpson ink seems a bit on the expensive side to me, and yet, the XP-800 cartridges are very competitively priced. Once thing I did notice though: the XP-800 is chewing through ink like crazy. Having the C/M/Y/K/PK tanks is certainly welcome, but not if very casual printing means buying a new black cartridge almost monthly. I'm not 100% certain that the ink isn't at a 50% factory fill and that the ink meters are just relative contents-to-full. So far, though, it's looking like the XP-800 might be expensive to run.All things being equal, I can't fall all over myself with praise for the XP-800, but it's definitely a competent multifunction. If you have non-Windows devices (and especially if a Chromebook is on your horizon) you owe it to yourself to have this printer on your short list.
I am loving this printer.  It's modern and compact.  Setup was easy.  I love that the wi-fi works well and it has a nice little screen so I can preview items. I haven't had problems with paper jams.  I also haven't had any trouble printing on card stock. There are lots of great features and settings on this printer, making it very versatile, but also slightly complicated if you aren't used to options.  I love having such a customizable printer, personally.  This thing is a great printer for the price.  I feel like I have a big professional machine tucked away in a little printer. It's great!5-16-2013 UPDATE: I have been using this printer for about five months and it's non-functioning already.  It won't print or make copies because the paper jams every. single. time.  I can't tell you how frustrated I am with this thing.  Epson emailed me and said that since there is a one year warranty, they can walk me through a diagnostic on the phone to ensure that I qualify for a replacement.  Then they would ship me a new one while I ship the old one to them.  I would have to give them my credit card number in case they didn't receive my old one in the mail.  If that happened, they would charge me in full for the new one.  Fun.7-22-2013 UPDATE: I have reduced my rating to one star on this product.  The fact that it was non-functional after five months is enough to warrant this low of a rating, in my opinion.  I called customer service and due to my bad of not keeping a record of the exact date of purchase, my warranty is void.  So my story ends with a printer that I really liked which is now a piece of trash.
Update 11/5/2013: I have been using this shredder for about 6 months. No heavy use, just shredding about once a week and only about 10 pages total. I usually feed it 2-3 pages at a time. It worked fine until it didn't. One day the shredder stopped working and it has not turned on again. There is no jam, I looked. It doesn't even turn on, doesn't attempt to do anything. It is completely dead. I am very disappointed with this machine. I had high hopes for it. But, it no longer works. My Aurora Shredder has now lasted over 3 years and it was less than 20 bucks. So, save your money on Fellowes and get something else.ORIGINAL REVIEW:For about 3 years now I have had theAurora Shredder, and it has worked just fine. But, I need something a bit better now for my small business. I am keeping the Aurora for the home.I had accumulated quote a bit of things to be shredded so as soon as I got this shredder I started shredding, a lot.Safe Sense TechnologyAlthough it I would be hard pressed to fit any finger through the opening of the shredder, even baby fingers, this sensor is a nice security feature. Basically, as soon as your fingers get to the area of the feeder, the shredder stops working. I guess this might be good for men and their ties...?10 sheetsWell... It does shred the 10 sheets, slowly and grudgingly. I'd keep it at 6-7 to keep it working in top functioning order.FastI was happy to see that the shredder works fast and efficiently. It does cut down on shredding time.Overrall, this is a reliable shredder. It works great for the home or for a small business without a lot of paper.
There needs to be a place to give ZERO stars....... This is the dumbest thing I've ever seen and comes all in pieces. Took 5 minutes to pump up that stupid ball inside the cheap fabric cover. Everything about it is CHEAP.....No way can I sit on this thing no matter how many times you try or how many ways. It's just a stupid rubber ball inside some fabric with a base to put 4 legs on. The legs are the only good thing about it because they attach with 3 screws so they stay on solid and there are 4. I'm just going to let it sit in a room and see if the cats will play with it, if they even will. Nothing they can do except use it for a scratching post but they are declawed. I can't imagine suggesting using this thing to try to sit on for any kind of task and there is NOTHING comfortable or relaxing about it. I don't see even a child thinking this is fun. I'll let it sit for awhile just to see how long it takes for the air to escape from the ball, then I'm putting it in the burn barrel and sending it up in flames......P.S. I did sit on this thing for over 45 minutes to try to give it a shot and my lower back and my neck hurt from it as well as my buttocks.
I love HON products. I have their lateral file cabinet that is now 21 years old and as good as new. When I saw this chair in the Vine newsletter, I rejoiced and couldn't wait for it to arrive. Once it arrived, my joy rapidly turned to despair.All the parts were in the carton. They were wrapped well enough (though the carton itself was beginning to open at the bottom and the delivery man caught it in the nick of time). Some of the shiny metal had scratches on the paint and a dent, but all in inconspicuous places and I didn't mind.The leather smelled good. You can't see it in the picture, but there's white topstitching.There are no written instructions, just pictures on a crib sheet. The very first items to be attached are the wheels to the 5-legged spoke. I've had chairs with wheels like that before, and normally they click into place if you press hard. These wheels required active hammering with a small hammer, because you can only knock on the narrow space between the wheel shells, otherwise you might damage them. I thought of skipping the wheels, only to find that the pole which supports the seat comes through that 5-legged spoke and won't fit if the spoke is on the ground. I hammered away and eventually got all the wheels in.Attaching the up/down and tilt mechanism to the bottom of the seat went smoothly, though I found it curious that the screws were all different depths, i.e. I had to turn the Allen wrench 6 times on one, 9 times on another, etc. There are four screws and each one seemed to require differing turns. Peculiar, but not a big deal.The first surprise was that, unlike my current desk chair, the seat and back are not bolted, welded or framed together. In fact, the only way the back stays on is by a couple of screws on each armrest. A scary prospect, not made less so by the caution affixed to the bottom of the seat, warning users to check all screws and bolts every six months because injury can result if they loosen. No kidding! But realistically, who is going to inspect and tighten every screw on a chair twice a year...or ever?The second surprise, which I could not overcome, had to do with the K screws. Each armrest fastens, first to the seat, then to the back, with a J and a K (that's the company's identifier). I tried everything. The J screw worked fine on both arms. The K screw simply could not be attached on either arm. I took the arms down and saw that the K screw would attach on its own, but not through the hole in the armrest. I tried attaching the J first and K second. I tried attaching the K first and J second. I tried attaching the left arm first. Then I tried attaching the right arm first. I tried it horizontally, as shown in the pictured instructions, and vertically, by removing the seat from the pole and leaning it on its side.Without those screws, you cannot attach the backrest to the seat.Because the backrest is capable of tilting, you cannot risk attaching it using only the J screws.Result? I have a very nice, rolling ottoman in soft leather. No desk chair, with or without arms. If I had paid for the chair, I'd return it. Since I received it from the Vine program, I will cherish the rolling ottoman and regret the fact that this chair could not be assembled.
Note:I've just moved this printer down from five stars to one star. It was a great printer while it worked. Less than 100 pages into its print life it suddenly lost the ability to recognize that paper is loaded to print. A printer that won't load paper is about the most useless thing you can have around.The original review follows:****************************************There is a lot to like about this printer. First and most important, it is top notch at its basic job ... printing in color. Using good quality glossy paper, you'll be extremely pleased with the quality and color accuracy produced by this printer.I also like the Wi-Fi network connection. That makes it simple and convenient to get everything that will talk to your router to have access to this printer.The color touch screen makes it convenient to view and print photos directly from memory cards with your photos.You get duplex printing (both sides of the paper) which is unusual for a printer at this price point.The Epson Connect service allows you to easily print from phones or tablets, which is confusing or inconvenient for many people.If you print a lot of color, you're going to spend some money on cartridges, to be sure. You'll need to keep extras on hand, as the various color cartridges will run out at different times.
=====UPDATE======12/19/13We don't use this often at all, this is for home use for one person, and we have a host of mechanical pencils, so we HARDLY EVER USE THIS THING. It's now broken.So, after sharpening probably 50 pencils, it works no more. Just a large piece of worthless plastic. Total JUNK! We're back to our old scholastic pencil sharpener that probably cost 50 cents.=====OLD REVIEW=======Pros: Sharpens a pencil BEAUTIFULLY! It's picture perfect with a true point and no straggly pieces of wood dangling.Cons: You need to use both hands to operate this thing. One hand to hold it firmly down, the other to push the pencil in. If you don't hold it down hard, it will spin over onto it's side.Also, I'm not entirely sure when it's done sharpening. Other sharpeners can make a different noise or slow the grind but I can't tell with this X-ACTO model.So, it works well, but I'm not sure I'd buy it again.
Had been using this Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener - which worked, but didn't get my pencils "Samurai Sword Sharp", as I like them.Westcott iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener, BlackI also have a manual Bostitch "old school " style sharpener. Which though old fashioned actually works better for me then these crazy, pencil hungry machines.Stanley Bostitch All Metal Antimicrobial 8-hole Manual Pencil Sharpener With Dual Cutters, Black (MPS1-BLK)So, the review ... got my box in the mail tried out one pencil - IT GOT STUCK IN THE MACHINE! Yes the pencil was a shorty but I thought I could just give the sharpener a "love tap". Uh-uh, there is a spring tensioning device in the X-Acto sharpener which locks away your pencil (part of the automatic stoppage feature I gather?). It was getting to be 10 PM and I didn't feel like trying to take apart a brand new machine. Of course I ended up doing just that ... completely inaccessible screws - after 40 minutes I did get my pencil out. Roughly tried another pencil and I believe the machine is already broken. I think this will be going out in tomorrow's trash ... which makes me feel as if I did something wrong.My advice:1. Only get this X-Acto sharpener if you are prepared to throw your pencil away at say the 4" mark (which IMO is a total waste).2. Don't be ashamed with the manual, handle cranked pencil sharpeners many of us out there used in school. Due to it having a simple mechanism , a jam or the need to clean or oil the blade is MUCH easier than any electric I have used this far.You the consumer must ask yourself "This guy seems like an idiot!", or heed my warning about NOT trying to sharpen 4" pencils - which I'm sorry ... but I feel they have plenty of life left in them.
We were hoping that this printer could replace our aging HP Laserjet 2100 and help us move to a paperless home office for all our Macs. Bottom line: no go. (For comparison, the LaserJet 2100 is decade+ old technology, but extremely reliable, and needs new toner only every couple of years or so.)Installation:- I have the latest version of Mac OS X, 10.8.3 and the latest driver download from Epson crashes when running it: can't install. I was able to instal the software over the network from another computer which has a DVD drive.Controls and Display:- The controls are easy to use and well labeled, but the display is incredibly low contrast. Direct light from in front of the printer is needed to read the LCD. It's not usable in the place we'd prepared for it in our home office. The most mysterious light on the front display is labeled "ADF", but it's not described on p. 1, "Using the Control Panel".Scanning:- Scanning over the network (tested with wired ethernet) works, but the software crashes frequently.- Scanning by initiating from the printer, doesn't work for us: the printer gets hung up in some kind of "processing" state; "Busy, try again later". Rebooting the printer doesn't help. "Test Settings" button causes the app to crash.OCR (Optical Character Recognition):This is a very cool feature to have in a scanner. In theory, what you get isn't just an image of your document, but instead an actual word doc with text you can search.- It isn't part of the printer: rather, it's separately included software and an extra step must be performed if wanted. Unfortunately, the software doesn't hook directly into the scanning software: it will only "Get Images From:" a file. And worse, the Mac version does not convert into "searchable PDF", just a PDF with a big image in it instead of text. So it's pretty much useless.Printing:- Printing in draft mode is fast, and pPrinting in the highest quality mode is half the speed of our old HP LJ 2100.- The printed output is low quality: characters aren't as smooth as the Laserjet.- Also, fonts aren't correct, to my eyes: Helvetica 10/12 is much too heavy.- The printer makes a high pitched squeal after every print job.Economy:A big selling point is that the printer is cheaper to run than a Laser. It would take months to compare, but we can look at the performance claimed by the manufacturers:- Epson WF-M1560* 223XL Black* $47.99 at epson.com.* 2400 pages* Cost per 1 ream (500 pages): $10.00.- HP Laserjet 2100* Our decade+ old, but very reliable laser printer which needs new toner every couple of years.* HP 96A toner cartridge* $128.99 at hp.com.* 5000 pages* Cost per 1 ream (500 pages): $12.90.Bottom Line:- It's no good for replacing an old HP Laserjet nor to make a Mac-based home office paperless, because OCR doesn't work properly.- Scanning is a pain: only works reliably by initiating the scan from the computer.- Printing quality is too low quality and too incorrect to use for professional documents.
I was excited to try out this printer, as I have owned other Epson printers and LOVED them. I currently own an Epson Artisan 837 that I use for my color printing needs, but was needing something that just printed in black and white since I print so much, and the black ink in my Artisan runs out fairly quickly.Unfortunately, despite our best efforts and hours of time, my husband and I have been unable to even get this printer set up with our computer! Now we are not computer programmers by any means, but I consider us both fairly computer-savvy. I have set up our other Epson printers on my own very easily - this one is being very, very difficult.One super annoying thing is that the printer comes with no cable to hook it up to the computer for set-up. So basically if for any reason your wireless connection is unreliable or the wireless set-up doesn't work, you need to either 1) go purchase a USB printer cable, or (in our case) 2) search through your storage for an appropriate cable.We have tried over and over to set-up the printer, both wirelessly and using the cable, and have had no success. The computer recognizes the printer initially when we plug it in, but will not install it, and apparently the driver will not install either. Also, when we tried to set this printer up it completely messed up my Epson Artisan, and my computer now has difficulty printing on that printer as well! I am super bugged.I still would love to get this printer to work, and will definitely update my review when/if we have success, but for now know that set-up of this printer is not as simple as it looks.
I have had several electric pencil sharpeners before this one.  I used this sharpener for my kids' pencils for back-to-school for my torture test.I do not recommend this sharpener for the following reasons:1. The sensing technology does not alert me when the pencil is sharpened so if I don't pull it out to check, the sharpener will keep on sharpening until I pull it out. Maybe I got a lemon but there is no sensing technology like the one in my well-used Panasonic sharpener.2. The gray cage surrounding the blades trap the shavings and they are very difficult to remove without inserting a paper clip to loosen the shavings. I never needed to do that with my other sharpeners.3. The product description is incorrect.  The sharpener can only sharpen regular size pencils not wide diameter ones. It is also built for moderate use not for heavy use.These factors are deal breakers for me so I do not recommend this product.
When I set this sharpener on the desk and put a pencil in it , as soon as the sharpener touches the blade holder it starts to rotate. You need to hold the sharpener with one hand while inserting the pencil with the other.Most of the time the sharpening blades shave away the pencil wood to a point without any pencil lead showing. Maybe one in 5 tries will leave less than 1/64" of lead showing. It's not enough for more than one or two uses.Putting pressure on the pencil doesn't work. This only gets the pencil stuck in the sharpener. There is no on off switch. Opening the battery compartment is the only way to remove the pencil.Westcott should have spent a little effort designing an efficient sharpener mechanism and less time designing a paperweight..
Strange - the pencil sharpener arrived with the sharpening part missing!  I hadn't opened the shavings reservoir, only the battery door, so I'm sure it could not have fallen out accidentally, also since this came in a bubble clam pack, it was clear that it wasn't something that came separately for installation.Very disappointed
Based on the description, I thought this tape was for security -- the type that when lifted up off its sealed surface, left behind part of the printing and in doing so, provided clear evidence of tampering. Rather, the tape is simply communicating a public service message to check the seal before accepting the package.The tape has a double whammy. It is too thin to safely use for shipping, so it is not the best choice for packing tape, and further, it does not do the job suggested by its stated message. Since it is easy to lift the tape up and put it back down without it being evident, a package recipient may glance at the tape see nothing obvious, assume no tampering and accept the shipment. The product, at best, accomplishes little, and at worst is counter-productive. Misleading and pointless.
After receiving this, I downloaded the app to both my cell phone and iPad.When I tried it with my cell phone, the app did not save the picture. I was able to save it on my iPad, but it was very sketchy. When I simply took a picture with my camera, it came out much clearer.I really can't figure out why this is better than simply taking a picture on any piece of paper and saving it, especially since a straight photo is much clearer.No real advantage to this.
A couple of Christmases ago my daughters all got together and bought me one big present - a 64 Gig IPad and I must say, it is probably the single best present I've ever received.  They were nervous, weren't too sure I would like it.  I figure I wouldn't mind having it grafted to my arm.  Where I go, the iPad goes - and it has my life on there - my bank accounts, the pictures of my grandchildren, close to 10,000 books, all of my knitting patterns, my recipe database, all of my contacts and phone numbers, a half-dozen favorite movies, games, netflix, all of my magazine subscriptions and much, much more.  So, if there is a new gizmo for my iPad, then I want to take a look.I can only shake my head at thisAmpad Shot Note Writing Pad, 5 x 8 Inches, Wide Ruled , 40 Sheets (20-110)though.  Why bother?  Notepad & Sticky Note are fantastic for taking notes, if I want to doodle I have a drawing app and there are a gazillion more apps if I don't happen to have exactly the right one.  The entire point of an iPad is to go PAPERLESS, not to take pictures of the paper that you doodled on.Further, I can see very little difference between this and an ordinary 5 x 8 Junior Legal Pad, which come 50 sheets to a pad at far less cost.  The sole difference are the little marks in the corner.Grandma's $0.02 - Why bother?  Expensive and totally unnecessary!  Two thumbs down.
I already use Scan to PDF and Evernote, both free apps that do what this does, but much better. The pad is just a pad of paper with guides for picture-taking. Anyone who uses their phone as a camera should know how to take photos without these guides. The pad is also expensive. You could buy a note-sized pad of paper for a fraction of the cost.First you have to download the free app Shot Note. Then you take photos of your notes in the app, BUT I wrote about a 10 line note, and it had a hard time processing that much writing. Once you take the photo it goes into shot note. You can import automatically into Evernote or Dropbox by going to the app's settings and giving it your passwords for the other apps. When I opened up the note in Evernote, it was not clear even though I wrote with a ballpoint (something I rarely use). From that point since it is an image, all you have is the record of the note. It did not open on my iPhone. I guess the note had too much information on it for the small screen.Seems like a lot of work and very useless. A better way for me is to scan my notes into Scan to PDF. With Scan to PDF I can also take multiple photos and make into one PDF.  This takes a photo but saves as a PDF. This way I can make comments and use it in more beneficial ways. I can also bring these PDFs into Evernote if I want. I can copy and paste into Evernote too so I can alter the PDF in its Evernote form. This is good when I have To Do lists.Evernote is a very good notes app-the best out there. Shot Note is redundant and not as effective.Don't waste your money.
This little pad of paper, which features lines and registration marks, is supposed to help you digitize your notes and doodles when you download the free Ampad Shot Note app to your phone or tablet. You take your notes, then you take a picture of your notes and the app saves the picture. You can import it into Evernote or just share it as is with other via email or twitter.The thing is, with the free app Scan to PDF, you can do all that without the $5 pad of paper. Plus, if it's doodles you want to save, the lines on this paper screw up the drawing.The pad has 40 sheets of paper that are very thin and bleed through to the next page with almost every pen I tried.Sorry, I just don't see much use for this.
Good size printer but it was hard to install more than one hour my previous printer was easier to install, this printer is noisy, and the paper output tray doesn't hold the sheets so you will have to pick them up from the floor. The ink cartridge has a poor life I only print 100 sheets and the ink will be over soon, and if you finish one cartridge the color or the black you can print, you need to have the two, in my old printer you can only print with black or color you don't need two and the life of the ink cartridges is better so I will go back to my old printerEpson WorkForce WF-3540 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner, 2-Sided Duplex, ADF, Fax. Prints from Tablet/Smartphone. AirPrint Compatible (C11CC31201)still the best printer I'll ever have.
If this board were being sold at a rock-bottom price I might recommend it for someone who wants something extremely cheap but functional. However, at the time I requested this item, it was selling for about 35 dollars here on Amazon. At that price, you'd expect something of much better quality.When the board was delivered to my home, one of the plastic corners had already broken off, and there was a big dent in the board. You can't just pop the corners back on. They are attached with tiny, flimsy plastic pegs that break off when you're not looking. I had set the board in a spot where I could test it out for purposes of review. No one else went in that room. A few hours later, I discovered that another one of the plastic corners had fallen off, without anyone even having touched the board! The back of the board is just cheap cardboard, which is nice if you want a lightweight board, but doesn't provide much longevity.The pen that comes with it is a nice concept. It has a magnet to attach it to the board, and a little eraser on the end, which I love. However, the magnet is not strong enough to keep the pen stuck to the board, and most of the ink in the pen had already dried out before I got a chance to use it even once.I do not want to drill holes in my wall to hang something so poorly made, and it looks tacky with the two corner pieces missing. It will probably end up in the dumpster before too long.
This product jammed up on us within 3 pencils.  We allowed it to cool down and it started working again.It seems to break the tip off continuously, because you have to keep trying over and over as it eats your pencil away.When you empty the bin, pencil shavings fall out on your desk no matter how carefully you do it.And now, a few weeks in, it has completely stopped working.
I suppose having a pre-K teacher and two sons (ages 11 and 9) makes our household a perfect laboratory for reviewing pencil sharpeners. I once joked that our family uses so many pencils that we plant seedlings to ease our guilt.This is our third or, maybe fourth, pencil sharpener review for Amazon.What makes theAcme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpenerunique is that it can be powered either by batteries (4 AA) or USB cable.What makes the Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener frustrating is that it lacks the motor and blades -- the heft -- for anything but casual use. I opened a package of pencils and sharpened each one. The sharpener handled the first four with a steady but slow grind. Sharpening the rest was a catchy, chuck-and-pluck effort.I tried to think of a situation where I needed a portable sharpener, powered by either batteries or a USB cable. Maybe, it is designed for business travelers. Sure, but I'd carry a pack of pre-sharpened pencils in my briefcase. Maybe, it is designed for an office worker who doesn't have a nearby outlet. Sure, but that's all the more reason to occasionally get up from the desk and stretch your legs.Honestly, I don't want pencil shavings and dust anywhere near my keyboard and computer.I recommend two other pencil sharpeners, both of which can handle six different pencil sizes and provide shaving receptacles. 5 stars:X-ACTO SharpX Principal Electric Pencil Sharpener-- a 550cc blade motor in a 1.5-pound sharpener (8.8 x 6.1 x 8.8 inches; and 4 stars:Stanley Bostitch QuietSharp6-- one pound (10.6 x 6.1 x 9 inches). For classroom use, I rated the SharpX Principal one star higher than the QuietSharp6.There's a rush to design USB connections to a lot of products. Some work (I've got a nifty USB powered fan) and some don't (the coffee warmer never got hot enough). The Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener falls into the latter category. I would much rather plug a pencil sharpener into an electric outlet than use AA batteries and a USB cable.Rating: One star
I tried my pencil sharpener with the included USB cord and also with 4 x AA batteries.  It did nothing.  It seems pretty cheaply constructed and the cord is supposed to be retractable, but that doesn't work either.  It is also too big to be conveniently portable.
I admit I like the design of the Acme Westcott iPoint USB Pencil Sharpener, and the fact that it runs on a USB port as well as batteries made it seem like a good idea. Unfortunately, I must not have received the same product as many of the other reviewers on this page, since I sharpened three pencils before I heard a rather devastating &#34;click&#34;&#8230;and now it won't sharpen a thing. I cleaned out the blade because while the unit still turns, it's obvious something is keeping it from accomplishing the job, and while I cannot visibly see anything, it still will not sharpen a pencil. The pencil's end remains dull and rounded as the unit spins, even with slight pressure. I admit that I could not remove the blade from the unit because the plastic cup which it resides in makes it almost impossible to do so without unscrewing the whole unit (if it's even possible). So while it looks nice, it certainly does not do the job, and I am highly disappointed with this product.
The issue with a gimmick is that it had better work, or else you're going to end up with a very frustrated user. I have this in the 1 inch and 2 inch size, so that I know it's not user error. Even it if IS user error, that's bad design. But it's not.The &#34;one touch&#34; opening dealie doesn't work. When the gimmick that's supposed to make the product makes the product outright unusable, the whole thing is an utter waste. For the price, I'm even more furious. The material feels really cheap and flimsy. Seeing as how I can't even get the thing to work, I can't give it any points at all.
This binder has a little integrity in its construction.  It does not have nearly the number of bubbles and dents in it that the 1 inch binder does.  It does have a clear pocket on the outside so you can drop a sheet of paper in.  However, the folders inside are positively useless.  While they may hold a couple of pages to start out with, they are not strong enough to have any lasting effect.This binder has the easy to open hinge on the bottom.  I also like how rings are shaped to let pages stay flat.I'm not sure what they mean by 5 year guarantee.  I don't think it is very likely that someone would go to the trouble to return one to the manufacturer.  I personally, would just throw it out when it became compromised.  It's super easy to go to staples and get a six-pack of better binders for the price of this one.
I can't seem to find any real use for this product.  First of all, the "pockets" are tiny and serve no other purpose than holding the dry erase cards.  It would have been nice if each "pocket" would have been capable of holding supplies applicable to the task.  Even the mesh pocket is anything but generous for storage.  The product photo highlights the grommets and shows the scheduler hanging from two Command hooks.  But ... beware ... no hooks are included.  You need need to buy them separately.  For the $10 price tag, I definitely expected the scheduler to include the hooks.  I am also uncertain why Mead chose teal for the color scheme of their classroom organizers.  The color doesn't really coordinate with anything.  The Mead Classroom Wall Scheduler is not at all what I expected.  I haven't found any incredibly useful purpose for the product, and I believe it to be grossly overpriced.
I was all ready to like this. It seemed useful and well built. The neoprene is well attached and the seams seem well done. I put it on my fridge to give it a try and I stuck a few things in there. The magnets held well and it didn't slid down with the weight. The magnets are strong, well too strong. I pulled it out to put it somewhere else and the magnets popped off and stayed attached to the fridge. So, yeah, this is broken. Broke during its first use. They need to build this better or use stronger glue.
I buy lots of view binders each year. The brand I usually get is Avery and they are much better. The plastic covering the cardboard is shockinly thin. You hold it in your hands and you seem to just be looking at it waiting for it do fall apart at any second. The seams new are already failing, and it would take nothing to tear off the front and back from the spine.
These binders are billed as the manufacturer's "strongest ever." If that's the case, I'll have to remind myself to look elsewhere for notebooks. The one that I got arrived with a completely torn rear outer cover (the rip is about 8" across) and the cover itself was warped and curved. Even the most generic of binders that I find at Staples (or even the Dollar Tree) is better quality.Because of the torn rear cover, no insert can be placed in this notebook and since I index the contents of my binders using inserts placed in the outer covering, this one is essentially useless (unless I want to patch it up with shipping tape--lovely).I'm a writer, I live in an ocean of office supplies and organizing tools like binders. I think the company that shipped this needs to order some of their own supplies and see the junk that they are shipping to customers. Zero stars.
I was so disappointed with this laminator. I read the simple instructions and tried to laminate a business card, then two 8x10 papers and every time the items got stuck. The business card finally worked on the cold setting-although a little bit bent. The heated setting was even worse. Both papers got stuck and when trying to release the jam by hitting the reverse button, the papers crinkled in the machine. So frustrating when the instructions say that the papers will filter through automatically. I'll try calling customer service and update review soon.
I really want to love this heavy duty laminator! We opened the box and were surprised to feel just how heavy it was! We were pleasantly surprised to find the item came with 5 laminating pouches so that we could get started right away.  Easy to operate! 1-2-3 the first project slide threw like a charm and I have to tell you, we were pleased!  It was not flimsy at all!  Now for the second project - ummm total paper jam and it would not reverse itself. We put the "cleaning" paper in to see if that would help and that too was eaten. It is apparent that it got stuck on the roller. A quick call to customer service and they will "swing by to pick it up", but they don't know when or how. They just know they are creating a ticket for it.  So, I guess I will update my review when I have more information. I think the one important thing to share is that this particular model does not have a "release" button in the event of a jam. If it gets jammed, there is a reverse button, but if it gets wrapped around the roller bar, there isn't much you can do about it.UPDATE:  It looks like my negative review will have to remain. I have heard nothing back from Black & Decker.  Customer Service has not followed through and issued a call tag for return on this item.  It seems to me that customer service should be a priority on a $150 item.  I have since gone and purchased the Swingline GBC Inspire Laminator (retail is $49.99, but paid less here at Amazon) and am very pleased with it!
This is a nice compact scanner and it scans both sides of pages.  Plenty of app type options for scanning control methods.  But, it's not making true images for me.  I've experimented with trying to feed the pages slightly differently, but keep getting crooked images with blacked out segments.  Seems like the mechanism that pulls the page through doesn't present the paper to the image capture area smoothly.  I contacted the company's tech support - they told me to try recalibrating, which I did and that did not help.  Passed that on to tech support and never heard back.  Maybe they know it's expected?  Anyway, I can't recommend this scanner based on my experience with it and with the company.
Yes..this one.  I usually LOVE Epsons but this one should be returned...if I could.  It prints fine but there is so much wrong with the printer.First it's picky at software compatibility.  It prints fine with Word but heaven forbid you want to print with Print Shop.  You won't get anything to print.Next, you....can....only....print...one...11x17....sheet....at.....a....time.  That kills it for me.  When I print 11x17, I print more than one at a time.  I would &#34;think&#34; most people would!  It even STOPS you if you have more than one sheet at a time.  (Pay attention to this one unless you don't care about 11x17 printing but then why are you even considering this printer?)Finally, and this one baffles me, the scan area is only 8.5x11.  Now why would you create a printer that prints 11x17 paper and limit the scan area to such a small dimension?Yes, set up was easy and footprint is small but the three reasons above made me wonder why Epson put this machine out.  If you're looking for an 11x17 printer I'd look elsewhere.  This isn't a very good one.
Obviously there are all sorts of printers out there, a huge choice. But this is the one I wanted. Why?Easy. It is smaller and lighter than most but lacks nothing. It is fitting into what little space I could free up and is easy to pack up and take with me when I need a flat screen scanner to copy family photographs. Which I do. The other kinds of scanners that are more portable simply will not work as the wand ones don't provide adequate reproduction for photos and I can't send precious old photos that are in the possession of a worried relative through the sheet-fed ones. So this is about the least weighty, bulky and most portable - and able - scanner combo I can find.It is true that this machine is willing to do every print chore I need, including photos, and do it well. It is willing to operate wirelessly if need be. It is willing to do copying chores that otherwise cost me a trip to one of the copy shops. And as I said, it scans in the optimum manner.Several not-so-little negative notes here: The software disabled my computer's firewall despite being denied permission to do so. When I restarted my computer, a program identified as "LTCM Client" had been installed in addition to the Epson items. I immediately uninstalled it and want to put this information out for all.And THEN. I had to call Epson's Customer Support. Twice. That is because the directions were not at all clear and I have not recently set up a printer. The two males I spoke with, whose English was heavily accented and not easy to understand, were very polite but the second one asked for the serial number and then informed me that the machine that I had just received was "over a year old and out of warranty". I see that another reviewer reports the same. I think if this is a corporate policy, to dissuade customers from making good when they receive defective machines, we should "out" them. Anyone else?4/14/2014 update: Found out the hard way why I will never buy nor recommend Epson. I had just started a time-sensitive print job (I don't print much) when suddenly the levels of ink remaining flashed on the computer screen - like a warning. This was accompanied by a blatant reference to the Epson website to purchase more. Now let me make it clear that the graph showed that I did have ink left in the lowest cartridge - black, of course - yet the software shut off the print job right there in the middle, refused to complete. This appears to be designed to make you panic and buy their overpriced cartridges, which will obviously take several days to arrive. Twenty-three dollars for the regular black cartridge and nineteen each for the other four. If I went down to the local office supply store, the black would be the same and a multi-pack sixty-seven dollars and forty-nine cents. You can see that the cost of the ink approaches the cost of the printer. Ridiculous. And I had printed so very little since installing the printer!! Apparently there's very little ink in each cartridge. Something really wrong here, folks.I had to spend my precious time and money going to the local library to print after making a phone call to determine how to deal with the lack of printed material I needed for this time-sensitive project. Now I won't know until I have the printer back up, whether I have successfully cancelled the no-longer-needed print order. Plus I won't be able to copy the needed papers because the blasted thing won't work until the ink gets here. Blatant manipulative, disgusting policy plus a real PITA. If you like this kind of treatment, go ahead and buy an Epson.
The XP-610 is a decent printer but the reason I gave it one star is because of the Epson software. I told the Printer installation that I did not want a Toolbar. It installed it anyway and set a bypass to the computer's firewall. This toolbar software would then surreptitiously communicate with Epson or the Toolbar company on things you do unrelated to the Printer that you installed.The Printer installation also installed Epson Customer Participation software that will gather additional information. There was no request as to whether I wanted this also.I take exception to any software that attempts to communicate with a company behind my back and without my knowledge or permission.How did I find this? My firewall notifies me of any unrecognized attempt to communicate with my network or the internet. I can then allow or block the request.  In addition it saves which software program it was. This allowed me to see what specific program made the attempt and then delete that program.In the end, I deleted the Epson printer from my wireless network and uninstalled all the associated programs. But to remove it required uninstalling 7 separate programs. I tried using this printer with the direct USB connection and the Epson software still tried to go out to internet surreptitiously. At the time when this attempt was made, I had already disconnected the printer from this computer's USB port.Wireless printing is convenient but it appears that some companies are taking advantage of the fact that to get a wireless printer to work, you have to allow it to communicate through your firewall. That means the printer (software) has access to your computer and the internet.Printer features and quality are good but it appears to have some glitches. I tried cancelling a print and the printer just sat there forever "cancelling" until I shut off the printer. The supplied documentation is sparse.I have had HP, Brother, Canon and Epson printers before, right now I have a Brother MFC-J870DW Printer and I prefer it over the Epson XP-610. It is easier to use, never glitches and print quality is excellent.The other problem with the Epson is that if you choose Epson ink, the regular cartridges will cost you $75 while the XL cartridges will cost $99.
Though I've owned a number of all-in-one printers in the past, my experience with this Ricoh Aficio SP 204SN Wireless Monochrome Multifunction Laser Printer has been the most frustrating.It arrived at my door in pieces that I could not configure. Though the directions give detailed drawings of the front, the back assembly of these pieces is lacking. I eventually learned through through another source that they are actually covers for two different sizes of paper. After that, I could only properly install one of them. Even after several attempts, I never was able to install the other.After a lot of wasted time trying to set this copier up, imagine my disappointment to find the software to print is not even compatible with my computer's operating system (Mac OSX)...*Update: Since my initial review, the product description has changed to include: (windows only). Thank you!
This is positively the worst excuse of a printer I've ever come across. I would love to tell you all about the print speed and quality, the paper handling capabilities, the sounds it makes when it operates and all that other fine stuff buyers of printers are interested in. Unfortunately, I can&#8217;t, because after spending one and a half hours messing with this thing, I never succeeded in successfully getting the printer to operate.I suppose when I opened the literature packet and pulled out eleven sheets of paper written in fifteen different languages, I should have realized I was in trouble. (Thank God I&#8217;m an English speaker though, as the English instructions were always first. God help the Estonians or Finnish or any other country with their language buried seventh or eighth in the list.) I tried to follow the &#8220;quick&#8221; instructions and in doing so, I succeeded in getting everything plugged in and ready to go. From there, it&#8217;s pick your poison of what kind of physical setup you want to do, then try to follow the sheet for that particular kind of setup. I decided to choose whatever was first on the CD, and that was the relatively simple and straightforward USB. Click. Nothing. Click. Nothing. Connect the printer with the USB cable, click. Nothing. Okay. Run an Ethernet cable and choose &#8220;network&#8221;. Click. Dialog box. (Hallelujah!) Computer starts doing something, then an error message: &#8220;Print job already in progress.&#8221; I wish.I messed with a couple of other things, restarted the computer, anything I could think of. Nothing worked. I got the &#8220;Print Job&#8221; error message a few more times before I packed it all up and put it away. At work, we have about thirty printers of at least four different makes, including complicated bar code printers, dedicated label printers, and of course typical office and home network printers (mostly Brother, a few Epsons). I can&#8217;t recall ever having spent more than twenty or thirty minutes setting up a printer, and of course, at the end of setup, they would all print. This is the first time I've ever spent so long for absolutely no results. This thing is going to sit in my attic until Vine rules allow me to dispose of it. That&#8217;s it. Stay away from this printer.
I've setup and installed many players over the years.  Canon, Epson, Minolta, Brother and HP.  Photo printers, networked, wireless, wide format copiers/plotters, and large office printers/copiers.  With the exception of my old Minolta color network printer (over 10 years old), most were relatively painless and were up and running within 5-10 minutes of plugging it in.  This Ricoh printer is far from user friendly -- my Win7 system was unable to successfully install via USB, ethernet, or wifi.  I tried getting the latest drivers from Ricoh's site, but those didn't work either.  As of this review, the last update of the driver (PCL6) was version 1.0, released on 7/4/2013.  If the driver gets updated, and I'm ever in the mood for a headache, I'll try installing this paperweight again.Advice -- Try a Canon, HP, or Epson printer.  I rarely ever have issues with those brands, and setup tends to be a breeze.
This printer simply will not work with any of my Macs.  Based on the cost of a refill cartridge (and the aggressive 75% reduction in this printer's cost), I'm guessing that this product was intended to be a very low-cost way to hook a few gullible souls into an absurdly priced toner ecosystem (which, in fairness, is what most printers are designed to do, but at least with other printers, there's an attempt to provide quality and reliability as incentives to stick with the ecosystem).  Awful.
I bought this because I wasn't about to spend $150 for a black and white laser printer that I use only occasionally. However after an hour of trying to get my Toshiba laptop (running Windows 8.1) to recognize this printer I gave up.  Maybe it's a Toshiba issue, maybe it's a Windows 8.1 issue, maybe it's a Ricoh issue.  I don't know but it doesn't really matter.  Back to Amazon it went!
Perhaps it's just my computer, but this printer is a disaster. I have both XP and Windows 8 on two separate computers and it was a royal pain to get it to set up.  First, the wireless wasn't working (granted, we have a somewhat complicated wireless system).  Not only that, but anything else wireless in our house was totally messed up when this printer was trying to access the wireless network.  I know, you are now saying, &#34;well, it's not the printers fault.&#34; Well, maybe so, but I've installed many, many wireless items in my house and not one of them had an issue like this!So since the wireless was being a pain, we used the USB to get it set up, but it WOULD NOT INSTALL or work!!  Looking closer at the notes on the disc, the software and driver was for a different printer than this one!  So they sent the wrong software with it.So unfortunately I can't review how the printer actually works because I spent over 3 hours trying to get the stupid thing to install with the wrong software.  What a mess!
I was genuinely surprised to learn that a printer being manufactured in 2014 does not support Mac or Airplay.  It didn't help that this failing wasn't clearly disclosed in the product description.  Perhaps Ricoh is still living in the 90's, believing that businesses only use Windows.  Whatever the reason, it is inexcusable in the very competitive market at this price point and capability.  It doesn't help that it is -also- hard to set up with difficult and frustrating menus and junk instructions.  Sure, you could jack around with it to get it running in a Mac environment or somesuch, but what's the point?  Even if you only have Windows/Microsoft computers and devices  today, why limit what you can run or a guest can run in the future.
First off the instructions were useless. I am not a computer expert in all things tech so I had a friend who was with me to make sure I got it up and running. It took him a while to get it hooked up which he said is not a good thing. So we finally get this piece of junk hooked up to my Dell desktop and tried to print various documents etc..and the paper kept getting jammed in there for some reason. The few things we got printed were very poor quality. Considering it only does one function which is print(not scan, fax etc...)the price is way to high.Skip and buy and All In one printer!
I'd love to review this printer, but I can't get it connected via wireless or by USB. We've had problems with our wireless connecting to our wireless at home, so we tried it at our office too, but it was a no-go. So then we tried it via a USB connection and that was a disaster. We've reviewed several printers for Amazon Vine so I don't think we did anything wrong in the set-up. Looking at other reviews, I don't want to risk downloading software from the website since they said they got a virus out of it. My advice would be to stay away from this model. There has to be an easier and safer way to get black and white prints.
It is only 7 1/2" long, not 8 1/2" and not 9"!  What?  Twenty-seven people reviewed this before me and no one else noticed?  Really?!?Magnet is powerful enough to stay put, and I like the width of the pad.  It also has a stretch band at the bottom to keep the pages from flying.  But that is not saying much, is it?  It's an average product that claim that it is longer than it really is. (I notified Amazon of the mistake in length, and they updated the product page to say 9".  Yikes!  You can't win for losing it seems!)There is a LOT of wasted space:  Once I write something down on a "To Do" list, my brain really does not need a header to tell me that it is something "To Do", "To Remember", or "To Buy".  The wide ruled lines also waste space.  The pink binding is extra-long, too.So, out of 7 1/2" in length, only 5 1/4" is usable:  Only 14 lines per page (not counting the last, half-line); 75 pages, plus a cardboard backing.  Hopefully, this will come down in price and give us more value.  You can do the math with the numbers I've given you here.  But at the moment I'm posting this review, this product costs 8.7 cents per page and that is ridiculous.Do yourself a favor and keep looking:  There are plenty other To Do lists out there from which to choose!
I have a magnetic pencil holder that I picked up at an office supply store. That magnet is STRONG and keeps the pen holder in place even though the holder is made of metal mesh which is much heavier than plastic.The magnet on the ACCO brand pen cup is weak and slides easily even when empty. This is definitely not something I would go out and purchase.
This erases well and my daughter is happy with it in her playroom, but it's cheaply made. We have had it for only a few weeks and the cheap plastic frame has broken and the part that holds the marker busted. The cork is extremely thin. The magnets are very cute, though.
I had an awesome mail pouch that we collected receipts in. I tore it and was looking for a new one. I needed a pouch because we get receipts of all sizes.I am not even sure why this is being called a pouch. The sides are completely open. It is more like a rigid file folder. The magnet was fine until I put a couple things in it. Now it is slidey. And it is unusable for collecting random bits of paper because they fall out.
If you are just looking for a cheap quality binder than this is the binder for you. This binder was a disappointment from the moment I opened the box. When I took it out it was a little dirty- which surprised me since it was new. After further inspection I can definitely say that this binder is definitely NOT something I would recommend for a student who has to carry it in a backpack as it's cheap quality and construction will cause it to deteriorate rapidly. The pockets on the inside wall of each side of the binder will tear within a couple of uses. The open/close mechanism for the rings don't seem very sturdy and nor do the rings seems well attached to the binder itself.
My teenager was headed off to an Instructor training workshop and he had lots of loose cards, small books, and papers on the table.  It seemed like the perfect opportunity to test this binder.  He is 19 and was out of town for a week, carrying this in his backpack, nothing unusual.The binder's cover fell apart first.  He said it did not get that much use because he only put the title page in the front and some loose things he needed to be able to refer to in the back. The rest of it just seemed to go downhill from there.  All of his pages and booklets were pretty much loose in his backpack when he came to my office to get a new binder.He was very clear that his Mead 5 Star products would have held up to the week.
Unless I recieved a factory second product to review, this binder is substandard.From the outside, it looks fine, although the spine is somewhat 'sloppy'.On opening, there is a basic 3 ring setting that works well, and double pockets on the front and back inside covers.The plastic is bubbled on both inside covers. Perhaps that is a manufacturing error, some factory in China messed up, right? Wrong. 'Assembled in the USA' embossed on one of the pockets.Hey, mistakes happen.I put a piece of paper in a pocket. Big mistake. I have fingernails but well manicured, not claws. Even so, the plastic covering, not even the pocket itself, dented from my nail.I've used other Wilson Jones products, most are quite good.One issue alone wouldn't make me hate this. All of them together mean you should skip this particular product..
I am a binder addict. I have them everywhere and use them to organize everything. Usually Wilson Jones is a good brand.When the hinge was formed on this binder either the heat was too hot or it was left too long. So instead of just melting the hinge in, it melted through. So this binder has perforations all down the hinge. Given all the holes, this is not going to last very long.The cover also has a number of bubbles in the vinyl.
When I removed this from the box, I instantly noticed that the front looked strange. It took me a second to realize the clear plastic on the front was ripped at the seam by about three inches (which is why it was flopping over). I do not know if this happened in transport or when packing, but it does not bode well for the folder overall. If it tears this easily, what will happen when put in a backpack?For us, since we had to dispose of this product (and send another item to the landfill), we have to vote no.
This does stick well to my fridge but that's all I like about it. All of their writing is in a very light color instead of using bold so you can see it easily. Each category just has room to check the little circle next to the item in general that you need but very little space to write anything else below it and each space is very narrow and the next line below to write another item is very close to the one above so you have to write anything extra very, very small. Also very little space to write what you plan on serving each day that week. I guess it is at least good for a reminder but that's about it. I wouldn't buy this item.
This lamp is very modern in look and initially I was impressed by it.  On the base are 5 buttons in a circle to control the amount of light being put out.  The problem is that the light is harsh and unless you dim it to the nth degree, you're going to be blind or have the mother of all headaches.  It is not soft light but hard almost florescent type lighting.Another problem is that the black frame for the lamp attracts all manner of dust particles.  It looks dusty and dirty even though it was just opened.Bottom line, the lamp has good output but the light hurts my eyes.
Boy, did I need a new stapler at my home office. And boy, did I make a wrong selection trying this. Swingline has really lost its touch making staplers. They and Bostitch used to have the market cornered.This is a plain white stapler which has a long pin number enclosed. If you go to the website they tell you, you can enter the pin and obtain a free &#34;skin&#34;--a sticker to apply to the whole stapler.Trouble is, the thing is a piece of junk! Why, oh why? Swingline's other staplers are fairly reliable, yet too often they make real bombs. Avoid this and get a sturdy, reliable model that does not require any playing around like this one does.