Compared with the same size Avery labels of different spec, you pay more than twice for this easy-peel feature per label.Avery Easy Peel White Mailing Labels for Laser Printers, 1 x 2-5/8 Inches, Box of 3000 Labels (5160). The easy-peel feature is simply a strip-away of remaining pieces on the paper. It then offers you " Pop-up Edge for fast peeling". I don't think it is worth the extra charge at all. Go get the basic one. You will be very happy with it.
There are two hundred sheets in the package which is the average size. This package of wide ruled filler paper looks like the standard elementary school paper that kids have always used. That is before you take it out of the package. Paper used to be two or three times as thick as this when I was in school. This paper if so thin that it's totally transparent when you hold it up to the light. When writing on it with an ink pen the ink goes totally through it. In addition it rips very easily and if it gets at all wet then you are done.Other that the thinness problem the paper is normal. The lines are the correct spacing and are dark enough for the most part but there are some pages that are lighter than others.The price of this package of paper stunned me at 3 dollars a pack. I can purchase the same amount of paper from my local grocery store for about 1 dollar a package. When they have back to school sales it's often only about 50 cents a pack so why on earth would I pay that much for paper?Overall when I consider the quality of the paper and the price I simply am not impressed and would not recommend this paper.
I am so disappointed in Mead. I know that this is a standard product, not a luxury version. It is just plain old lined paper. But it is such bad paper. It is thin. It has not tooth. The printing of the lines is not consistent. They are darker in some places than others.  It is thin enough that my lefty went through it easily.This all just makes for an awful writing experience. Basic doesn't have to mean worthless.
The paper is thin and rips easily. I thought it would be fun to give my 7-year-old a notebook full of paper to use as she wished this summer, but even though she's a pretty careful kid, pages have already ripped at the holes and need reinforcements. I expected more from Mead. This is more along the lines of what I'd expect from a dollar-store brand.
I got this paper for my first grader to practice writing with.  I never thought I would complain about binder paper, but this paper is pretty awful.  The paper, while it serves its purpose, is really quite thin.  I wouldn't recommend using pen on this paper, and heaven forbid you try to use marker or anything liquid on it.  With pencil, it works just fine.  My biggest issue is when you need to erase.  If you have a light hand, erasing shouldn't be a problem.  However, with wide ruled paper, most people who use it are little kids...and if your kid is like mine, erasing is practically a full arm production.  The paper is not durable enough to withstand the erasing of a six year old or from people who are vigorous when erasing.That aside, the paper does serve its purpose.  My kid, when he didn't make mistakes, was able to write very easily on the paper, and it didn't smudge much.  If you're pressed for time and want to order paper online, this will definitely serve its purpose.  Otherwise, I would wait for upcoming back to school sales.  You can get much higher quality paper at a comparable price.
There is nothing to write home about this paper. The paper is very thin and the writing shows on the other side of the sheet quite a bit.
When I got this product I realized it was extremely heavy and complex to put together. Not exactly what I thought I would be getting.  Then unpacking I realized it took up a huge footprint on my limited desk space. This thing is just too big for a regular person's desk and more fitting to be in some kind of industrial fabrication plant. Seriously, the design is old and not very useful. It's also severely overpriced.
This looked wonderful when I first saw it, I happen to like the sleek looking modern design (much more in tune with our decorating then theClear Solutions Jumbo Cookbook Holdercookbook holder I've been using. Yes I said cookbook holder, granted I realize this product is far from being advertised as a cookbook holder but I was hoping for something multipurpose. Cookbook holder, sheet music holder for practice times for my daughter and husband, document holder for my husband or myself, and reference book/sheet holder for our homeschooled daughter as we don't need to use it for all those things at once I hoped this would function well for each as needed.Upon opening the box I was dumbfounded, I'm a college educated adult who has fixed her own dryer and dishwasher along with assembling lots of furniture in our home and yet I stared at this lost, the directions... well they just aren't. I had to go off of the images here online to get it together and I must still be doing something wrong since I've almost put out my eye, my childs eye, and the dogs eye with the darn elastic strap part... it keeps flying off the device and across the room.Also I realized this would be big, but you just don't realize how big until it's set up, and heavy. Great for holding down big books but not making it very moving friendly and between the band and weight not something I'd consider using for my original idea of letting our little girl use it for reference books unless we set it up for her. I also find the band annoying, how it could be a line marker is beyond me as it's not quick nor easy to move and it just ends up being in the way of text, leading to trying to pull it out of the way and ZOOOMMM off it goes across the room again ::sighs::I think I'm going to retire this to our desk for adult use only, making the retail and even amazon price crazy for what it will actually do for us. On a side note the before mentioned cookbook holder that I have is wonderful, lightweight but holds the biggest books with ease, nothing to fling off or put an eye out, and it folds up in seconds to store flat... I highly recommend checking it out if you're looking for something to hold books open (being that it has no real back it wouldn't work well for documents only). I love 3M (could you imagine life w/o sticky notes?) but I think they missed the bar on this one.
A document holder that's this wide (wider than a keyboard, but not so wide I can slide mine under it when not in use) might be expect to hold, say, a dictionary or a heavy cookbook.  I wouldn't trust this one with a paperback.  The vise grips on either leg do not hold the stand firmly no matter how much I tighten them.  And the legs wobble.  Adjusting the position is difficult and not in synch with both sides.  The stretchy band stretches too much to hold some types of books' pages flat.  All in all, the design is just crappy.It looks nice and the individual pieces are solidly crafted.  (The heavy, wobbly legs have so far failed to snap the plastic rails off the sides, as physics might predict.)  There are apparently mounts for this that you can buy separately that screw into a surface.  This might alleviate the wobble factor, although I hope those mounts use grips that actually keep the plastic from sliding down.Bottom line: A quick search on Amazon reveals a number of other document holders.  Unless you like frustration, this is probably not the one you want.
This 3M Copy Holder is almost good; half-baked design and cheesy construction make it a bad deal,even at amazon's deep discount. (The MSLP is absurdly high!) There are several different ways tobreak the copy area, as it is made of very thin transparent plastic. The legs are weighted, butwould be far more stable with some sort of crossbar installed between them...this could certainlybe done by someone who is reasonably handy. The holding device is nothing but a thin elastic heldby two sliding plastic pieces which will also break easily. Replacing the elastic shouldn't be tough,which is good, because it's definitely not going to stand up to heavy use- maybe not even light use.Replacing the two holders, though, is probably next to impossible. Why weren't some extras included?It must be said that the few books and catalogs I used for testing were held open pretty well.This product is not designed for very thick books, however. It's also not designed for long-termuse. Why pay this price for such an inadequate unit? There must surely be better ones available.Those who need a sturdy copy holder for heavy duty everyday use are hereby urged to avoid this one.Shame on 3M for peddling this junk- one would expect far better from such a company...right?
I do like the fact that this stand has adjustable angles but am taken aback by the price/design ratio.  The way that the legs attach to the sides of the support makes the stand wobbly if you are putting heavy books on it.  The 3M engineers did not do their usual excellent job with design on this product.The elastic band is basically like a rubberband my daughter uses in her hair, with two plastic attachments to it. For this price a few extras should have been included. I had envisioned my kids using it to hold up textbooks when working on homework and this stand simply cannot handle the weight.Overall, it works ok, but for this price it should be much sturdier and be nearly perfect.
I am not impressed.  Sure, if you manage to get it just right, your tabs will look gorgeous.  But it is SO difficult to get right!  I wouldn't recommend these tabs...old school dividers with tabs that you can either write on or print out label for are MUCH easier and more practical for most uses.
I like the clean edge cards.  The only thing I don't like doing, and I've had to do this on other busincess card paper, was to trim the edges with a cutter.  Every time.  The calibration didn't work for me and I followed the instructions as written.If you don't mind having to trim them further, than what you need, either that, or don't use any color near the edges.  Because you may get a white strip that has to be cut.
This is a very basic set of dividers, the sort you would use in a school binder to separate your notes for each subject. I needed something like this for a binder of printed sewing technique articles---I wanted to divide them according to type: zippers, pockets, embroidery, etc.PROS* It will keep your papers or notes separated within a binder.* There are eight colored tabs, so you can assign a different color to each subject, like red for Math, green for Geography, yellow for Literature, and so forth. (Hooray for color coordination!) In theory, the tabs stick out beyond your papers, so you can easily flip to the section you want.CONS* Remember that theory I just mentioned about the tabs sticking out? Yeah. In reality, they don't. Maybe if you're only dividing notepaper, but I have a bunch of binder pockets that hold my articles. The tabs do NOT stick out past the edges of the binder pockets, so they're virtually worthless.* These dividers are incredibly flimsy. They're made from a slightly-thicker-than-usual paper. You don't even get cardstock, just thick paper, with a narrow section that's barely reinforced at the holes. I can't imagine they would hold up under gentle home use, never mind what a busy student would put them though. I certainly wouldn't use them without reinforcing each hole with some of those round stickers you can buy for repairing torn holes. Of course, those are ugly. . . .* Also, the tabs are very small. It comes with a sheet of perforated labels that you can hand write your subject title on, but they're tiny. Personally, I would have a hard time writing the labels.I'm giving this product two stars, because it's barely functional. If you need something ultra cheap and flimsy, it will work just fine. But if you need something more substantial, I'd suggestAvery Style Edge Insertable Plastic Dividers, 8-Tab Set. They're only slightly more money, yet a lot sturdier and they look nicer, too.
These dividers are pretty basic. They have plastic tabs which you can insert custom labels into (though you have to write on them by hand or create your own custom template without any help from the manufacturer). The dividers are not particularly thick nor thin and they do have a somewhat reinforced edge. They are essentially quite basic. This is not necessarily a problem, but you can get a slightly better set of 8 dividers made by Avery with color tabs from OfficeMax for $1.39. This set is $2.56 at present. The Avery ones have a better system for holding the color plastic tabs, better reinforcement along the edge, and a system for making sure the tabs don't fall out. If you're making a big order on Amazon for office supplies and don't want to buy separate dividers, then it probably wouldn't hurt to pile this into an order, but, if you shop around, you can do better.
I use a LOT of file folders on the job, so I have become somewhat of an file folder aficionado.  :-)Pros:- Wire Fastener are well made/sturdy- Tabs at top of folder are reinforced (paper is doubled over and glued down well)- Bright colors- 3 tab positions in every colorCons:- VERY thin folders!  I was expecting MUCH thicker material for the price.  These are on the thinner side of EVERY file folder I've used at different prices.- Thinness of folder makes the fasteners more prone to ripping the folder, especially if you flip the papers that are fastened up (i.e., if you're reading the BOTTOM page, the folder becomes very unstable, bends, or can rip)- Must use on a desk or table -- folder is so thin that you'll likely need to put it on a desk or table to flip through the fastened-on papers, because the folder isn't strong enough to be stable if you're standing up while reading the bottom few pages.  The whole folder can bend over or even rip the fastening clip off of the folder if you flip the paper up to read something.Overall, I was disappointed.  I have never, ever seen fastening-clip style folders like this made out of such a THIN material!  They would be perfectly fine for folders that are rarely used...though in my experience, people generally want fastening folders like this for HEAVILY used folders, or folders that are moved around a lot, read through while standing at the filing cabinet, etc...and these won't hold up to much use at all.  Why take the extra time to clip everything in place so carefully, if the folder is just going to rip on you?` These are fine for 'file and forget about it' files, but I think people generally aren't bothering to punch holes and clip documents in unless they intend to use that file quite a bit/carry it around with them.  These won't stand up to much of ANY use, let alone heavy abuse!They would be great if they'd only bothered to use a halfway decent, heavier weight paper/cardboard to make the folder out of.  Or at least they could have reinforced the cardboard around the area of the fastener (as they did on the tab).  Only order these if they're very inexpensive AND you only intend to put rarely used files in them.
While this tape is a tiny bit thicker than the standard Scotch packaging tape, I can't see that it is really worth the higher price.  As with all new products, I like to try them out exactly how the directions say before doing things my way, and the directions for repairing a paperback book are pretty much useless.  The tape rips easily, so trying to make precision cuts with a normal pair of scissors was basically impossible for me to do without the tape simply ripping the whole way across.  What "tabs" did manage to not tear off were of no use repairing the book in question, so I quickly abandoned the suggested way and did my own thing.  I am thoroughly not impressed with the product and am very disappointed in its quality, especially considering the price.
We recently remodeled a room which included painting and since I had this tape to try I gave it a go even though we normally use Frog Tape.  Application was easy enough, but when it came time to remove it after painting it was a disaster.  Not only did some of it stick which made it very difficult to remove small pieces, it also bled underneath.  I would have tried using it again, but the once was frustrating enough.  So while there are other good uses for this tape, I'm sure; painting is not one of them and I would discourage it.
By far one of the strongest fulfillment tapes I've ever used. My only issue -- I had to change the blade in my tape gun in order to cut it, and even with a new blade, if I didn't cut it cleanly on the first attempt, I had to grab a scissors.Edit: Not long after I originally reviewed this tape, I put together a box that I ended up not using. Not wanting to cut the tape to refold the box for storage, I just left it sit taped-up. Well, today I needed to use that box.Unfortunately what I found is that the tape was curling-up, and not fully adhering to the box any longer. It's a bad thing when a shipping tape doesn't permanently stick to cardboard, so I need to downgrade my rating.My advice is to make sure any place you use this tape on the box, you encircle the box so the tape can adhere to itself. Do not expect it to adhere very well to the cardboard.
I am generally a huge fan of swingline products, but this stapler is not the best out there. It is budget friendly which is a plus, lightweight and ergonomic made with 50% recycled plastics so its a bit greener than others on the market. We use it at the office daily, it works pretty well with two sheet stapling, which is what we use it for primarily. But, when you go to 8-10 pages it jams although it is supposed to do 15. Overall a bummer as the price is very economical.
This tape does deliver on its "tear by hand" promise and it works as well as the Scotch traditional packaging tape.Scotch Packaging Tape, 2 Inches x 800 Inches, 6 Rolls (142-6). It is more convenient to use and store not requiring a dispenser with its sharp edge or grabbing for a pair of scissors. However it does cost substantially more, 2 1/2 times more than the regular packaging tape. If you only use tape infrequently or if the cost is not a consideration you would be quite happy with the performance of this tape.Update 3/21/2014 I still had some of this roll and when I wet to use it for shipping a package I found this tape has lost most of its ability to stick and easily peels off so it is useless now.
Update, June 2011:  Would lower the stars if I could.  I have discovered that this tape simply will not adhere well to a surface that is not firm and flat (such as cardboard).  It popped right off padded envelopes.  Not good.  I'm sticking to the packaging tape that I buy at Costco.---I received a sample 16-yard roll of this product for evaluation via the Amazon Vine program. I was very interested in checking out this tape as I send packages overseas quite frequently.Yes, this does seem to be good tape, albeit a bit on the thin side.  Yes, you can tear it by hand. (It splits easily from side to side.)  Yes, it is convenient.BUT... and this is a big but, does the convenience of being able to tear the tape by hand justify the outrageous price - double that of other tear-by-hand tapes?On 12/23/2010, the price for theScotch Tear-by-Hand Tape, 1.88 Inches x 50 Yards, 2-Pack (3842-2)(50-yard rolls) of this tape was $14.73 ($7.36 per roll, 14 cents per yard).  TheScotch Tear-by-Hand Tape, 1.88 Inches x 50 Yards, 4-Pack (3842-4)was $20.23 ($5.05 per roll, 10 cents per yard).Compare that toLePage's USPS Tear By Hand Tape, 2 x 800 Inches (83726)for $3.19 ($1.59 per roll, 7 cents per yard) (available from Amazon).Double the price for the two-pack seems a bit much....
I thought it was me until I read the other complaints about the Scotch Super Strength Tape not sticking to packages. While this may be a very strong (labeled 20x stronger) packaging tape, it's not much good if it won't stick to the package.I had previously used an off-brand very inexpensive packaging tape and never had any problems with it not sticking. In fact the cheap tape was very sticky, so much so that if you pulled it off the package, it pulled the top layer of the cardboard with it. On the other hand, the expensive Scotch Super Strength tape pulls off any package with no problem. I am using 2-3 times as much tape (criss-crossing it) as I did with the cheap tape. So the Scotch ends up costing me 4-5 times as much. Overall a real reputation killer for Scotch brand products.
It's a rubber band ball, full of rubber bands... What could possibly go wrong? Off the cuff, I'd say somewhere between 10-20% of them snapped (broke) the first time being stretched (which hurts, but most importantly is tremendously irritating, especially when you're in the middle of a rubber band war, thus giving your enemy the upper hand). It's a fun looking piece of sculpture on your desk, fun to toss around. Just don't try to use the rubber bands.
I received this binder with a torn corner.  I'm not sure when or how this happened, but it did let me see that the plastic cover is not thick or strong at all.  It isn't the sturdiest binder I've ever had, but if it is going to be used for something that won't cause too much wear and tear, it would probably be okay.  I wouldn't buy another one like this because of the reasons posted above.
To say this binder is basic is an understatement it is stark white with a matte plastic cover that can allow custom inserts (project titles, etc.). The outer plastic is very, very thin and cheap and only one piece covers the entire binder, with no reinforcements at the seams. Honestly, I can't say it lasting very long and inserting an 8x10 title page on the front cover it moves around a lot, with a very loose fit, making that feature fairly useless. Even less helpful are the cheap interior plastic pockets, one of which was ripped off even before I got it.This is a dirt cheap binder, and it looks and feels it. For a few cents more there are better, longer-lasting options out there.
Look, this is NOT a &#34;cork&#34; board, because as far as I can determine, there is no real cork anywhere on the product. And the &#34;graphite&#34; frame also implies a quality that is nonexistent. The frame appears to be simple plastic, colored dark grey/black.The four brackets you are supposed to use to attach it to your wall, are extreme overkill and also are very difficult to attach and align.  This product is very light weight, and does not need such a complicated hanging system...Other reviewers have also had various issues with this bulletin board, including how soon the &#34;cork&#34; surface peels, etc.Basically the price is way too high and the quality too low, and the assembly brackets are far too complicated and unnecessary.Furthermore, the  artificial  &#34;cork&#34; surface and color are very unattractive and cheap looking.
When the description for the product said "leather-like" and "desk-top organizer," I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux- leather finish. This organizer is sturdy, but made from the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from. The "leather" design printed on the front and back isn't even slightly convincing or attractive. Very deceptive advertising.I found the organizer to be much too narrow, to hold much of anything, let alone it's advertised 900+ sheets of paper.  The pockets are not large enough to hold a file folder so I'm always fishing around the bottom for loose papers. The open top is convenient, but the size and construction make it a fairly disposable item. Doesn't really work for me.
I'm very disappointed with Avery. My son has had this binder for almost exactly a month. He uses it for school every day. It turns out Avery Durable is not so durable. It's already falling apart. The cover is separating from the spine. I went back to buy another binder. This time, I made sure not to buy Avery Durable.
We have a white board that the kids play with and I thought these markers might be good because they each have their own eraser... no more fighting over the eraser.  But these markers seems harder to erase than other we've used and the erasers don't cut it.  Two fell off the first day we used them and one is flaking into bits.
I was excited to get these because I like bright colors, and because I keep a family whiteboard calendar that I like to color code (don't judge, I'm fussy).  Unfortunately, they are a disappointment on a number of levels.They SMUDGE:  The tips are not fine, and seem cheaply made, almost frayed.  I can't write cleanly or clearly with them.They SMEAR:  When you try to erase with the attached erasers, they smear.  You need a real white-board eraser, and sometimes you need white-board spritz cleaner too.  The attached erasers are useless.They are SHODDY:  The magnets are weak, which makes the markers slide off and/or get knocked off easily.  The erasers are not only useless, but they fall off after a few days use.  The whole kit is cheap, like something from the dollar store.  Or a cereal box.Bottom Line:  2 stars for bright colors and the fact that they are functioning markers.  They will not work for you if you do a lot of erasing, or need to write detailed notes with them, or use your white-board frequently.  Another reviewer wrote that they would work for a dorm room style, cheap memo board, and that's probably true- though you would trash the whole thing in a month when the marker residue could no longer be erased.
I was pretty disappointed with these dry erase markers. First, when taking them out of the plastic bag they were housed in - I grabbed two by the eraser at the top and the erases came off! They weren't attached to the cap at all - simply placed inside the came, meaning the erasers will soon be lost.Secondly - the magnets didn't stick very well on some of the markers. Meaning - they wouldn't stay attached to my dry erase board.  So basically - the two best selling points of the markers didn't work well at all.The markers themselves worked well enough - they draw in a thin line which is great for us as my kids do a lot of school work on our dry erase board. The marker makes a line more similar to a pen you might use, so this would be great for a personal lap dry erase board or again - practicing school work on a dry erase board.The markers are small - probably 3/4 the length of the more common dry erase markers.But, the cheapness of the magnets and the erasers not being properly attached would keep me from purchasing or recommending these markers.
I was very hopeful for this marker set, and impressed with its presentation and packaging.  It has great fold out packaging, making all colors easily accessible and organized.That's where my good impression ended.Perhaps it's because I have, for 20 years, worked with professional artists' mediums, but I am accustomed to consistency and accuracy in color swatching for my inks and paints.  The color swatching for these pens is "off", to say the least.  Do not trust the lid to equal the shade of the ink in the pen.  For some colors, it was quite accurate; for others, not at all (and I was tempted to switch some of the lids to better match the colors inside).  If you get these pens, create a test-sheet on pure white paper, so you can have a better color map for the pens.As I tested each color, I found the consistency of the tips of the pens to be lacking.  Some gave me a heavy, thick line, and others a very thin one.  Some ebbed and flowed with the ink distribution.  (With same angles and pressures applied.)  This can be problematic while working on a project.The ink levels/dryness also varied a LOT.  Some pens gave a heavy consistent ink line, while others seemed dry right from the start.  Others gave something in between, as the ink levels came and went.  The lighter colors seemed to be lacking in ink distribution more than the darker, richer colors, but even that wasn't consistent.  Again, if you end up with these, a test-sheet of paper will remind you which colors are heavier in distribution than others.I ran these pens through the wringer, using them heavily to see how they lasted, and again, the life of each pen seemed to differ greatly from the others (but the dryer beginners did die faster, which I expected).  None lasted as long as competitors' brands that I have used.If you need some pens for a quick, disposable or of lesser-importance project, then these might be a good choice (if they are cheap enough).  But if you're looking for quality pens for a project that holds any weight, then there are better choices.I'm disappointed that I have to write this review as is.  I was very hopeful that these would be a quality product.  I would not purchase these, except maybe for a child who was doing a quick science fair poster or something along that line.
I must say I was a little disappointed in this Stanley Bostitch pencil sharpener. I expected more than one blade just from the weight of the sharpener. It seems like a very heavy duty one and has a nice sized shavings dispenser. However, the pencils come out sharp all up one side but the other side doesn't have the wood pulled back from the lead at all. We have found we have to manually rotate the pencil while it is in the sharpener to get an even sharpening. It's a little inconvenient since that doesn't always work either.
This mouse pad is not for me.  The wrist rest pad is very large and very hard, and I found it uncomfortable.  The mouse pad itself has some nice non-slip strips on the back to make it stable on the desk--the problem is that once you put on the risers to give it a little bit of a lift on one end or the other, the non-slip strips are no longer in contact with the desktop and the mouse pad slips and slides all over the place.  Because I was given this through Amazon Vine and did not have to pay for it, I will toss the wrist pad, and the little feet for lift and just use the mouse pad.  Frankly, as it is, it isn't comfortable, or useful for me.
The 3M Tilt-Adjustable Gel Wrist Rest Platform claims that it encourages a comfortable, neutral wrist position. Like many people, I spend a lot of time on my computer so I'm always eager to try out any product that helps with comfort and ergonomics. Does the 3M WR420LE's performance justify the high cost? Let's find out.PLATFORMThe platform is the only feature that separates this product from plain wrist rests. It's a strong plastic platform to place your keyboard onto. There's space in front for the included padded wrist rest and two sets of rubber feet are also included. I assume the rubber feet are why 3M describes the platform as being adjustable, but I wouldn't call it truly adjustable since you can't adjust them on-the-fly.The rubber feet come in two sizes and attach to the bottom of the platform, using 3M adhesive. Attaching them to the rear of the platform for a positive tilt is easy, since there are templates, indicating where to put them. Every single keyboard I've ever used, except for Kinesis Contour keyboards, had positive tilt feet/legs. The true benefit of the 3M platform is its ability to produce a negative tilt. Unfortunately, if you want the platform on a negative tilt, you'll have to eyeball the rubber feet on your own; 3M forgot to include templates for negative tilt feet.WRIST RESTThe included wrist rest is very, very nice. It has antimicrobial protection and is filled with a not-too-soft, but not-too-hard gel. The wrist rest is wrapped in a soft, leather-like material and is by far, the most comfortable and durable I've ever used. I ended up just tossing the platform to the side and using the wrist rest by itself.CONCLUSIONMy experience with the 3M Tilt-Adjustable Gel Wrist Rest Platform was rather disappointing. It's not truly adjustable and 3M failed to provide templates for accurately attaching the rubber feet for negative tilt. If not for the wonderful wrist rest that was included, I would have rated it even less. The thing is, you can buy the wrist rest by itself, for less than half the cost of this platform/wrist rest combo. I suggest you do just that and forget about the platform.
The concept is solid; an 'adjustable' platform for your keyboard with a gel wristrest. Unfortunately the execution of the Gel Wrist Platform by 3M is somewhat flawed.Pros:Adjustable (see cons) incline of the platform. 5 - 10 degrees positive or negative incline.Plenty of room for most keyboards and preferred wristrest/keyboard positioning.Somewhat attractive.Doesn't slide around on the desk.Easy set-up.Cons:Not really adjustable as most people think of adjustable items.Wristrest is far too firm.Leatherette cover feels odd, slippery when you sweat.Platform I received was not true/flat.Expensive.While the platform is adjustable it isn't something you can adjust over and over at will. It comes with two sets of rubber 'feet' one small and one larger. Each adds 5 of incline either positive or negative (though I cannot imagine typing with negative incline). The feet glue onto the platform or each other. You stack both sets together to get 10 of incline. I don't see the feet for sale separately anywhere so you're pretty much stuck with your choice of height unless you want to go lower by removing them.I found the faux leather wristrest to be far too firm to the point of uncomfortable and almost causing discomfort/pain during use. I may continue to use the platform but I believe I will go back to using my old, soft, nylon covered wristrest. The wristrest is advertized as 'buttery soft' don't believe it.I do like the typing angle. I used the larger set of feet for a 5 positive incline of the platform and used the 2nd set of smaller feet to keep my Dell keyboard from sliding around. I like my keyboard offset a bit (see posted image) to the right and there was plenty of room to set things up the way I like. The platform I received seems somewhat darker than the one pictured (that could just be lighting). What I received is a dark battleship grey with a light texture on it. There are rubber slip guards on the bottom to keep things in place on your desk.The platform I received was not true/flat and I had to prop up both lower corners. Every time I moved my hands it made an annoying tick-tack noise on the desk.All in all it is a good idea that just wasn't completely thought out. Being rather expensive for what you get and compared to other similar products I wouldn't recommend this. You could probably make your own for half the price.
This just didn't do it for me.  I found it really bulky.  If you're using it in pullout keyboard drawer, it may not fit right.  I didn't find it all that comfortable either.  The gel pad wasn't cushy enough for me.  I like one with more give to it.  They might as well have used hard plastic.And for the money, I definitely don't endorse this product.Usually I'm really happy with 3M products, this one just seems like a waste of materials.
The cork board arrived in a damaged state. That wasn't the problem. In fact, that allowed me to see how it was constructed. There is an extremely thin layer of cork on top of corrugated cardboard. That is surrounded by a plastic composite frame. Drop it and see how easily it damages. I put a push pin into the cork and can see it coming out the back.I'm giving it two stars because it is inexpensive and light. In most cases it is good that &#34;they don't make them like they used to.&#34; Not in this case.
If you were the only one sharpening pencils, you would eventually figure out the correct way to hold and push in the pencil so you almost always get a perfect point.  But since this is a commercial sharpener, a lot of different people will use it and they are going to see inconsistent results.We placed it in a high school office for a week. It seems silly to say that sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn't.  But that is true.  Sometimes there was no problem.  Sometimes people pushed too hard and never felt the change in the motor when done, thus eating the pencil down to nothing.Sometimes, the pencils didn't get uniform sharpening all the way around and left wood on one side of the pencil.The feeder (the dial you can turn to adjust the width of the pencil) is not very stable.  It moves easily and it causes the pencil to just miss.One good thing is that the suction feet worked well and the sharpener doesn't move when being used.I tried 5 pencils when I first got it, before I placed it at the school.  The first two ended up as shorties.  The next three were fine.  My wife then tried two more.  One was fine, one was not even.So like I said once you get use to it, you probably won't have many problems.  But that is not good enough for an expensive commercial product.Find a different sharpener.
In the past I had done some pencil sketching and have been considering taking it back up. I'm a bit anal retentive about my pencil point; I like it good and sharp. So when I saw this pencil sharpener I was interested. I could set it on a corner of my drawing table and refresh my pencil whenever it got too blunt, rather than having to get up every so often to sharpen again on my wall-mounted Boston.Unfortunately, I find it is good pretty much only for your garden-variety number 2 pencil which, indeed, it does put a nice sharp tip on. I was less successful with softer drawing pencils and also with colored pencils. Even with the nice sharpening job it did on the number 2, sometimes it would sharpen to the nice precise tip, and other times it would only sharpen one side so that the opposite side had a sheath of wood on it.I must confess that once it didn't work on several of the different kinds of pencils that I already use, I did not try it out on other brands of pencils, or on larger pencils I was considering buying for shading purposes. Perhaps I'm pushing the pencil or holding it at a tilt, although after the first non-centered pencil, I did deliberately try to insert the pencil as straight as possible.I haven't given up on it yet, but so far my old manual Boston does a more consistent job of sharpening straight.
These are basically stackable cardboard (reinforced) storage boxes  They are strong and well made, work pretty well, and get the job done.  However, I think the price is *very* expensive for what you get.  I use them in a walk-in closet and they work ok for that purpose.
Who hasn't opened a looseleaf binder by the rings and not by the lever?  The mechanism should accommodate that, but because I tried to open this binder by the center ring, it is ruined, with a gap of more than an eighth of an inch which won't bend back despite all my efforts.  It may still be useable if used to hold stiff cardboard reference materials, but thin sheet protectors need to be able to slide over all three rings.I am therefore disappointed with this binder.
The design of these highlighters leaves something to be desired. Long and bulky, the barrel of the marker resembles (and feels in the hand) like one of those plastic tubes that cigars come in. There is no grip and that makes using these pens uncomfortable when trying to highlight with the small nib.Though filled with "Smear Guard" ink, I still found that they still can smear (but not terribly) over a variety of different kinds of pens I tried. (Gel, ballpoint, fountain pen ink...) It was worse if you went back and forth over the same area of writing - which you may have to do because the marker nibs are so thin.On thin paper, these highlighters bleed through. Some of the darker colors included in the set like the red, dark blue & magenta are too dark for use as a highlighter, but could be used for annotations.I did not find any difficulty or smearing when highlighting a sheet of paper printed with ink-jet inks, though i did not try on a freshly printed page.As I am a writer that frequently uses a fountain pen, I'd love to find something that I can regularly use with water based fountain pen inks. I had hopes for these, but I guess I will have to revert to using dry crayon type highlighters.
After using laminating pouches for years, I wouldn't consider myself an expert on the item, but I am expert on what suits my needs and what is acceptable to me. These pouches did not work as well as expected, in fact they were a huge disappointment. Plagued with air bubbles and "foggy" patches, the finished projects were not usable (and definitely not sellable, for those who use their laminaters for craft projects). I generally use Scotch and Universal pouches and these Fellowes pouches were far inferior, actually ruining some of the laminated photos and pages. I would never purchase this item after seeing such poor results.
I got sick and tired of trying to find the end piece of our large rolls of Scotch Packing Tape, and thought that these would solve the problem. Not only does the tape adhere to itself, but the cutter doesn't cut, and the "dispenser" does a lousy job of dispensing. Once I pull out the tape, it does seem to stick to the boxes I'm sealing, but it's truly a pain.
I use at least a roll of packing tape a week, so I am pretty good at using tape dispensers, this product has one major flaw, the very sharp cutting edge is not recessed, so there is nothing to protect your hands or fingers from being cut.I still have a pretty sore finger from my first attempt at using this product, so the experience is quite fresh in my mind. I actually cut my finger trying to remove the piece of cardboard so I could actually use the tape for the first time.There is no caution statement on either the dispenser or the package about very sharp edges, so buyer be warned, and do not let children near this dispenser.The tape itself is great, and the size is good for taking with you to the Post Office if you need to finish packing a box there, but I strongly suggest finding a container to put this tape dispenser in so you do not cut yourself trying to fish it out of your purse or bag.If you frequently use tape, I would recommend a different dispenser:While still sharp, the cutting edge is slightly recessed which will protect your hands and fingers. It is also easy to reload with replacement rolls of tape and out of the many different tape dispensers I have tried, it performs the best.Scotch Packaging Tape Hand Dispenser DP300-RD
I use Scotch products a lot, especially the tape.  I have been buying the larger rolls without the 'holder' that comes with each one of these rolls.  I really dislike that little holder!  When I ordered this package I was thinking of convenience - I wouldn't have to be holding a box cutter all the time to cut the tape.  Well, after applying 2 band-aids to my fingers upon completion of two rolls, I won't mind a bit!I was constantly getting my fingers cut by the serrated edge on the holder as I cut the tape.  Not only that, but the tape would twist as I was taping the sides of a carton.And, as another reviewer said, there is not much tape on each roll so the holder is just a waste of product/plastic.As far as the sticking capability, I did notice I would have to make sure to run my hand over the tape once it was on the box.  I normally do that with any tape I use, but this tape actually 'stood up' from the box in areas.  Odd. It seemed fine once I pressed it all down.  But to make sure, I used extra tape around the top and bottom of the box which is not cost effective and I actually used 1 complete roll for 1 large box.No, this product is not for me.  I will continue to buy Scotch tape in the larger size without the holder.
Upon first starting the unit I decided to laminate a couple of Obituaries. The first one came out a little wavy; however, after reading the manual it was suggested that if the article was smaller than the pouch that I use the carrier. There was NO carrier provided in the box. The second obituary almost jammed in the laminator. Fortunately I was able to guide it throughj. The instructions were very vague. I have owned other Fellows office appliances in the past and was not impressed with performance. I will contact the compant to see if they have a carrier to use with it or perhaps once is provided when you buyt a full pack of the laminates.
This would be an okay printer stand if it used different screws because tightening Phillips head screws going into wood in tight corners with a screwdriver is as close to 'mission impossible' as they come. I've assembled dozens if not hundreds of things in my 'consumer' career because the price we pay for affordability is often inconvenience but this one should top the list of frustration.In the end, we got a printer stand that appears to be holding itself together, barely, because some of the screws could not be tighten all the way no matter how hard we tried. I believe that there's some special tool that takes care of screws in tight corners but we don't have it and I wasn't about to buy or borrow one for this project.So, what you get is very much what you see. It should hold a printer and some supplies but you can't really place too much weight on the paper-thin sheet-metal shelf or it buckles as it did when I touched it with my hand. It's 2 stars because, knowing what I know now, I would not buy this stand.
The instructions are horrible. If I could give stars for that, it would be negative 10. I've put a bakers rack together with many more parts and found it so much easier because all the parts were labeled and every step was laid out. This is ONE PAGE and I had to make a copy of the front page so I didn't have to flip back and forth trying to figure out what went where.The casters did not snap in, and one caster had blue gunk in it that I ended up getting all over the place. I simply ended up putting them in and since I won't be rolling it around often (and I received this in exchange for review)it's not too much of a big deal. However, had I paid for this I think I would have sent it back.As for the unit itself - the top is thick and sturdy and the sides are also quite sturdy. I appreciate the folder holder that slips on the side easily. Even with horrible directions and realizing I had to unscrew a few parts to screw them back again (which I noticed another reviewer had the same problem!) - it took me about an hour. I don't put things together too often, so someone who has a knack for assembly or more experience might have a better experience. There was a point where I was so confused and frustrated I thought I was missing a part and almost trashed the whole thing - if you get to that point, just step back, take a few breaths, or a shot of bourbon (or both) and realize it's NOT YOU, it's the them, and then tackle it again!Looking back on my experience, I would NOT pay the 119.00 it's currently going for.
Let's get this said first--we all hate those illustrated directions that come with Chinese put-it-together furniture. You know, the ones with little to no text, cryptic graphics that only a child could love, no photos and the infamous parts list of A to Z. That's exactly what you get with Safco's Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand.Well, almost. There is one significant difference with this product--and it's a big deal. Other to-be-assembled furniture (including some of Safco's own products) have lettered stickers on the various parts so that you can match them up with the part letters on the drawings. You get no such help from Safco on their Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand. You are left to figure out what each item is by studying the less than clear instruction sheet drawings.Okay, some things are obvious. There is only one Leg Frame (part B) and it looks different from anything else. However, try to tell the Adjustable Shelf (part G) from the Bottom Panel (part F) and you have your work cut out for you. (Here's a hint. There is a subtle difference and the instructions do attempt to illustrate this. G has a double flange on the front, F does not. So look carefully.)This furniture is black on black on black. (The panels are black, the shelves are black and--wait for it--the screws are black.) If you haven't yet had the fun of looking inside a totally black stand to try and determine if the black screws are tight or not, you are in for a frustrating adventure. You may need to borrow a 5,000 watt movie flood lamp to have enough light to see if you tightened everything down.Speaking of the screws, they are all the same. It doesn't matter if you are screwing into the pressboard top or the aluminum legs, you use exactly the same type screw. And those screws don't seem to want to penetrate the press board. They bind long before they are fully meshed. Now, this is a total mystery. There is nothing as easy to punch a hole through then pressboard, yet these screws don't seem up to the task. They do better into the aluminum legs, although on my stand one of the legs had a screw hole that wasn't tapped properly and the screw resisted being tightened down into that hole.While we are speaking of the screws, they come in a plastic bag inside of the parts box. My unit had a punctured plastic bag, so instead of being nicely contained they were scattered all about inside of the parts box. That should not have been the case.The last surprise was the casters. Keep in mind that you are assembling the unit upside down at first and then on its side when installing the casters. The casters do not lock into the caster sockets. They just slide into the hole. In fact, the so-called caster socket is nothing more than a hole drilled into a piece of plastic that is shoved into the legs. Once you install the casters and begin to tilt the unit right side up, the casters fall out. There is nothing to hold them in place other than good old gravity. That made for several frustrating moments at the end of the installation. If Safeco had thought to have the casters lock into the caster sockets (like it does on other manufacturer's furniture,) tilting the unit up would have been a non-issue. Instead I wound up installing the casters by laying on the floor with the unit right side up and lifting one leg at a time.I really debated whether to give the Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand two stars or three stars. In terms of usability as a printer or scanner stand once it's completed, it's probably a three star rating. However, the poor instructions and the thoughtless way that some of the parts go together (especially those caster wheels) really deserves a one star rating. So, in the end, I decided that two stars is probably the fairest rating I can offer Safeco on this Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand.
I am a teacher and tried these out last Friday. I use my whiteboard all the time, so I figured these would be a great solution for easily cleaning my board without having to use any sprays. The white spongy side worked fine- not great, but fine- it took off the marker and left some ghost writing, just like my standard erasers do. I read the instructions about getting the sponge wet to remove the ghost writing, so I tried it...all it did was smear any writing that was there (I tried it both with writing on and off the board) and leave huge water marks behind.Before writing this review, I came to see what others were writing and I was really confused with all the 4-5 star ratings on these erasers. I figured I did something wrong, so I gave the erasers a second chance. I tried again- following the instructions, as I thought I did before- and had the same problems. I was comforted to see another low review from someone who experienced similar problems.Since these are just sponges, they don't seem like they're going to last very long. I'd rather stick with my standard whiteboard erasers that are less expensive but do the job just fine.
Out of the bag, I tried the dry sponge on my white board which had residual ghost marks from previous usage. The dry sponge removed some of the marks, but not all. I dipped the sponge in water, squeezed most of it out and once applied found it did a great job of smearing dirty marker water around on the board. I checked the package to see if I was using it correctly - if maybe I was supposed to flip it over to use the blue side in any way - but the package only states the blue side to be used for easy gripping...There were a few stubborn marks on the board that no amount of cleaning with the dry or wet white side would remove. I tried the blue side which seems to be more abrasive and it did clean them off without much effort- it did a good job of cleaning up the wet mess that the white side left behind.I find it odd that a pair of sponges would be so pricey and require somewhat a better explanation on how to use them. I would not likely purchase these in the future.
Nothing to overwhelm anyone here.THE GOOD: (use)I gave two stars (rather than one) because they do the job (which is really what you want). They erase the whiteboard, about the same as our other erasers. If they erase better, it's only slight (not enough for me to notice - I still had Expo black ink dry-erase marker marks on my board before and after using them).THE BAD:  (design)1. They look & feel a lot like a kitchen sponge, and have no visible indication that they're not. In a multi-user setting, only word-of-mouth can tell someone that this unusual looking eraser is just that (and it's a matter of time before someone either uses these as a sponge or replaces one of them with a sponge).2. Traditional whiteboard erasers are heavy enough on one side to stay on a narrow maker tray even if bigger than the tray itself. These are very light, and not weighted on one side, so they won't stay on our marker tray. The result makes problem #1 bigger, since this "sponge" sits somewhere else in the room, without an explanation as to what it is.MY ADVICE:If for a single user, and about the same price as other markers, great. If it's for a group setting, consider something else.
I was hoping that this product would erase the marks on my dry erase boards that won't come off with my usual paper-towel-and-rubbing-alcohol method. It didn't. It might have lightened them a little when I wet it and scrubbed hard, but I'm not sure of it. The marks are still visible, in any case. So this product doesn't do much more than my much cheaper paper towel and alcohol method. I'll keep looking for something that does.
The 3M whiteboard eraser appears to be just a blue sponge glued to the top of a white sponge.  There is no odor, which is good, so I can't tell if there is any special cleanser embedded in the sponges or not.  I first tried the eraser on an old white board that I have had hanging on my fridge for years.  Over time it has become a "gray board" and there were many remnants of old dry erase markers left on it.  I was really hoping that this eraser would clean the board and make it less of an eyesore.  It did remove some of the residual, but not nearly what I had expected it to take off.  I scrubbed a little harder and more did come off.  I wet the sponge to see if that helped and it did improve it quite a bit.  I have a couple of the Mr Clean Magic Erasers and I decided to try one of those on an area of the whiteboard that I had not yet tried to clean with the 3M eraser.  The Mr. Clean eraser worked just as well on the dry erase marker as the 3M eraser did.  It also costs less than the 3M.  However, the 3M eraser completely removed permanent ink whereas there was still a shadow of the ink left after using the Mr Clean sponge.Since the Mr Clean Magic Eraser works well on other surfaces besides a whiteboard, I would not recommend purchasing the 3M Whiteboard Eraser if you will have only dry erase/wet erase markers to clean up.  On the other hand, if you have a whiteboard that has been written on with a Sharpie or other permanent marker, the 3M eraser is definitely the thing to use.
While these handing folders are a really good idea, they are a bit too stiff and don't seem to hang well in any file cabinet or holder in which I tried them. They were always too bulky and didn't fit on the rods well. If someone were going to use these with a really deep cabinet that had a lot of bottom clearance, they would probably work out fine. However, for the average letter size file cabinet or travel file carrier, these are a bit more pain then they are worth. I would probably stick with traditionally sized file folders. Again, the 2 inch expansion would be great, but the expansion seemed to elongate the file folder to be too tall to fit comfortable and securely in place. Will definitely pass on these in the future.
One thing to love, the bright primary colors of yellow, red and blue of the folders.So many things to hate about these hanging folders!  Everything about these folders seems to be do it yourself.First of all, to make them square on the bottom you have to put this long strip of cardboard into the bottom of each folder which you also have to pull apart each piece of cardboard, which is hard enough in itself as far as getting the cardboard ends to stay in the bottom of each folder.  I used a little piece of tape to secure the cardboard on each end of the folder.The folder itself, it doesn't seem to be any thicker, maybe even thinner than Pendaflex file folders.Instead of the cardboard they included which isn't very thick, it would have made the bottom of the folders more rigid/durable, stand easier, if they had used some kind of durable plastic instead of cardboard, which would have made much more sense to make them more square on the bottom of each folder.Since most people don't put the same amounts of paper in each folder, it wasn't fun to get the folders to fit in correctly,to lay flat on the bottom of each folder in either my file box in my desk, or this big file box that I have in my bedroom.Then the white ends of each folder that makes them hang, it kept finding it's way into the sleeve of my blouse.Then they include this sheet of paper and plastic covers for you to put onto each folder so that it would show what is in each folder.  I didn't use these either. Iam not sure if the paper would even stay in the plastic covers.While I was doing all of this I decided to change out each manila folder to a new one.  To do two chores at once, so that I won't have to bother with any of this for a long time.I just don't see any added benefit to having this kind of hanging folder, or any improvement what so ever to having this kind of hanging folder!!I only used about half of the box of 25 folders that they included, before I decided to call it a day with these folders.If you want hanging folders, I would just use these hanging folders without the included cardboard for the bottom of each folder, which doesn't seem to have any added benefit.I would also forgo the paper/plastic part you are supposed to put onto the top of each  folder to show what is in each hanging folder.You can just use manila folders, or whatever kind of folders you like that have a place to write on the tab part, to show what is in each folder.I also used some label tape to show what is in each folder.For a company to make what should be such an easy thing to use, how did they end up deciding that doing it this way was a good way to do it?If you like feeling frustrated/aggravated, this might be the perfect product for you to use!
Following product guidelines I NEVER inserted more than 4/5 pieces of paper at a time or even used it beyond twenty minutes and even used the proper shredder oil/paper and having now become somewhat of an expert on throw away shredders - This is no better than the rest and an absolute horror at the dreaded paper jam.  Confetti shredders have a tendency to bulk and plug making it tedious work to un-jam.  This was the worst of the bunch I've own lately.Its only saving grace was when it did work (which was for about six weeks give or take) it worked well.  That being said, six weeks isn't worth it.Granted I have been doing quite a bit of shredding - still with proper use and not overuse as initally described it should have been able to handle the work load.
I needed to get my keyboard off my desk and this seemed to be a good solution. It was very easy to install if you have a drill. The instructions were easy enough to follow and I was able to install it in about a 1/2 hour.Using it proved a little harder. The quality is decent but it was difficult to pull out and push back in. I suppose a little grease will help but the mouse pad doesn't fold up as neatly as pictured. Another aspect I disliked was that in order to use it (as a corner tray) you have to pull it out quite far. This put me very far away from my computer monitor and hindered more than helped.The wrist rest is comfortable and it is quite steady when you type on it. Even the mouse tray is steady and has a rim so the mouse won't slide off the side.Overall, I don't recommend it simply for the price. You can get $100 trays that are just as good.
I'm disappointed to give a low rating to these Smead folders, but, bottom line: out of the box, more than half of the folders appeared "used."They're the product I expected:. hanging (with the little metal shoulders);. letter-sized (even slightly roomier);. card-stock (even slightly heavier);. expandable (accordion-style, from approx. 1-inch when empty to 3.5-inches when stuffed);. *pocket* file folders (open only along the top; the sides and bottom are fully enclosed so contents don't slip out).Advantages include a built-in, 1/3-cut, stand-up tab that you can write on (eliminating the need for those frustrating plastic tabs and tiny labels), and a neutral color that's just shy of mint green.But although the product's box arrived taped shut, and all of the folders appeared functionally new, five of the nine had slight bits of dried material or frank areas of wear/scuff. This product is far too expensive for that apparent lack of quality control; it's a dealbreaker for me.
I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, too many years (30+) of typing and pushing a mouse around, I guess.  As such, I can really tell when a product designed to help CTS really helps, and this does not.  It is plain too hard.  It does position my hands a bit better than resting them on the desk, but with an Apple Aluminum Keyboard (which is really thin) this just forces me to hold my hands up putting more strain on my wrists.  I compared it to an old 3M Gel mouse pad that I have, it it is much firmer, might as well just have a piece of wood as a matter of fact.  Believe it or not, this is also not wide enough for me as it leaves little available room (about 6" wide) as a mousing surface.
I switched from my previous wrist rest (3M Office Gel Wrist Rest for Keyboards) to this one for a few weeks and my wrists and fingers had never been in so much pain.I am on the computer for 8-9 hours a day during the week.  At first, I thought this would be comfortable since it was a bit firmer than my previous one.  I said to myself, "hey, more support, right?"  Boy was I wrong.  I had to switch back to my old wrist rest.If you prefer a firmer rest wrist, then give this one a try.  It definitely wasn't for me.  It was made well, but was not soft enough in my opinion.
I am not a big fan of this staple remover.It did not come with any instructions and you really wouldn&#8217;t expect to need any I guess but when I and several members of my family tried to use it all that happened was that the staples were literally torn out of the pages.  It was difficult to use and not very successful.Perhaps we were using it wrong but without instructions we were left to our own devices and the outcome wasn&#8217;t very pretty.
I find this staple remover difficult to use.  Perhaps my is defective since so many other people say how well it works.  I have trouble getting the tip under the staple. Once it is under the staple when I squeeze the handle the paper  around the staple is torn and crumpled as the staple is removed. It works better on thick packets of stapled paper.
The product box boasts a 90% larger tab area.  I've attached a picture so you can see the difference in tabs compared to a standard file folder.Now here's the fatal flaw...when you put standard 8 1/2 x 11 paper inside the folder, the tab gets covered up and you are left with the same visual area as a traditional file folder.  See attached picture.The colors are nice but what appears to be orange in the photo is really a dark manilla color.The folders are nice overall but I wouldn't recommend them based on the larger tab size alone because for my use they aren't that helpful because I have to move the paper inside to see the bottom half of the tab.
This is a very expensive way to dispense tape.  I'm sorry.  I just cant get on board with this product.  You look like a moron wearing this and refills are increadibly difficult to find.Scotch Pop-Up Tape Strips 90M-12PK(Price for 1,800 inches.)  Once you do find them, you will need to secure an FHA loan to morgage your litter of kittens to purchase it.  (I assume you own a lot of cats if you own this.)In all seriousness, just buy a heavily weighted tape dispenser such asScotch Deluxe Desktop Tape Dispenser, C-40, Black, for 1 Inch Core Tapes.  Refills are easily obtained and are very cheap.Scotch Magic Tape 3/4 in x 1000 in, 10-Count Package(Price for 10,000 inches.) This dispenser is heavily weighted so you can easily pull tape with one hand and you can even select the proper length of tape.Sorry folks.  I just didn't like this product.  It is not a better mousetrap.
This item is advertised as the "ultimate" in tape delivery, and the blurb suggests that you don't have to go looking for tape because it "stays with you", but unless the user is going to wear this handband 24/7, this doesn't make a lot of sense.If, when you gift wrap, you always use two-inch lengths of tape (and I don't), you still must consider if having these two-inch lengths pre-cut for your convenience is really worth a price which is double that of an ordinary roll of Scotch tape which has a cutter on its dispenser.  In addition, if this is your Scotch tape of choice, you will need to have a backup package or three, because 75 small pieces of tape are not going to go far in wrapping a pile of gifts.We have all purchsed off-brand tape, and as a result wasted time trying to find the end which is taped to the roll.  But the regular roll of Scotch tape, packaged in a dispenser, is all you need for convenient gift wrapping, and is half the price.
The Scotch PopUp tape dispense is a great idea - instead of an endless roll of tape that you have to measure and use two hands to control, you strap this device to one hand and use the other to pull out pre-measured lengths of tape.  This seems perfectly-designed for wrapping Christmas gifts that are a complex shape, where the paper needs one hand to hold it down.  It worked reasonably well for me in that respect, especially for very large gifts where the ability to stabilize the package on the table was critical.  However, while the strap that holds the tape in place is adjustable, it is not really made for large hands.  I am a big guy, with large hands, and the strap became painful after only about 10 minutes of use.  I had to take it off after only about 4 packages were done, and went back to a standard tape dispenser for the other 20+ packages.If you are a woman or a man with smaller hands, do not hesitate to buy it.  But if you have larger meathooks like me, probably best to stick with a more traditional solution.
This dispenser works as intended, but gets in the way during use, requires product-specific refills, and is only a little more effective than a desktop tape dispenser.I used this dispenser wrapping some of my this season's gifts, and found it got in the way while worn on my hand or knuckles (as recommended)-- I wasn't able to manipulate the partially-wrapped gifts very well one-handed.  I have average-sized male hands, and the strap is tight across my hand.  I was able to wear it on my wrist a little more comfortably, but found the convenience not much different than having a more versatile desktop tape dispenser nearby.When I put the unit down, it often ended up with the "wrong" side down,  causing the tape poking out to stick to the dispenser itself.While I'm usually a gadget-freak, this unit is a little too specific without adding much function.  Unless you work at a gift-wrapping station, not recommended.
I never got the hang of this product. with the loading and fitting around my hand comfortably, I could've been done with the wrapping by then.
Just like this product's matching keyboard wrist rest (3M(TM) Wrist Rest for Keyboard, Antimicrobial, Gel, Large Size, Black), I found the wrist rest on this mouse mad way too hard.While both products appear to be well made, the padding on them are just not soft enough for me.  I am on the computer for 8-9 hours a day and my wrists and fingers were in a lot of pain since switching over to these products.I do like the gliding surface on this pad though.  My mouse glides smoothly and response is great.  But both sides of the pad have been curled up slightly since I received the product several weeks ago and has yet to flatten out completely.I went back to using myBelkin F8E262-BLK WaveRest Gel Mouse Pad (Black)instead.  It is much softer, even though I don't like the actual mouse pad surface as much as the one on this product.
I hate licking envelopes and prefer using security ones to protect confidential information from prying eyes, so I thought I would really like these.  However, the security markings are poorly done and information is easily read when holding the envelopes up to a light.  The tamper portion works as expected for the most part, but what good does it really do if the contents can be read without doing anything to the envelope itself?  For the price and quantity you receive in combination with these issues, the envelopes are not worth it.  A minor complaint but frustrating nonetheless - the seal on the box itself was so overdone that I had to tear the box open, so I could not use it to store the envelopes any longer.
Or maybe I received a defective batch of enveloopes to test?The envelopes are nice, white, sturdy #10 Security envelopes. They are self stick, with a flap that covers the self-sticky part until you are ready to use it -- however, in most cases the flap was slightly stuck to the sticky part that it was trying to protect. However, once I got past that hurdle, the envelope sealed VERY securely.Now, to test this Reveal-N-Seal feature, I left the sealed envelopes for a few days -- then I opened them by trying to gently undo the sealed flap -- they don't open very easily-- which is nice. The strong glue ensures that it is NOT easy to unseal the whole envelope -- but NOWHERE did I see those red letters!!  All I got for my efforts were security envelopes that had their flaps torn open....THAT of course is an indicator of a "security breach" but... red letters? Not a one.
As a standard envelope, this works well.  The self adhesive is sticky enough and is nice to not have a strip of paper to throw away when sealing the envelope.  It's a pretty thin strip of adhesive, so I still put a piece of tape on the flap, not to prevent tampering per se, but just to make sure that it doesn't accidentally get ripped open while in transit.So, I put a standard bank check in the envelope and held it up to my little halogen desk lamp.  VIOLA!  I can still read my account number quite well.  Well, that was disappointing!  So I then took an old lick-style security envelope and the check account number was much harder to make out.Oh well, I had high hopes for this, but I would not mail just a check in this envelope by itself.  Wrap the check in something else, like extra paper or discarded coupons to obscure the account number.  Since security is supposed to be such a big feature of this envelope, I cannot recommend it on that premise.  As a regular envelope it's fine.
These envelopes were supposed to show a red warning if they had been opened.  I tried several methods of opening including steam and never saw a red message.  Other than that, the real value of these envelopes is the strength of the glue placed on the flap.  It makes it impossible to open the envelope without significantly damaging it.  So, the red warning is really an unecessary gimmick.  They are also printed in blue on the inside which makes it virtually impossible to read any of the information inside through the envelope.  Lasltly, they are very expensive at over $5.00 for forty envelopes.  You can get cardboard mailers with even stronger glue for not much more than that price, though the postage might cost you more.  If you rarely have something that requires special security I would keep a few cardboard mailers around the house or send it by UPS or FedEx and get tracking number and a receipt.  Use of the above envelopes will not ever guarantee that it gets there or somebody saying I opened it by mistake.  If you send a lot of mail where it is important that nobody reads it but the addressee, then you are probably in a business that can get a better volume price on the above envelopes or something similar.  In any case, I would bet that the price of these envelopes will come down because of limited demand.
While these are nice quality envelopes, they actually fail for their advertised purpose: Security.CLAIM #1: Security tinted for privacy of contentsWhile there is a blue-tinted square pattern printed on the inside, it's not very effective in obscuring the content of the envelope. As a test, I placed a check inside the envelope, then held it up against a normal 60W light bulb. I could read everything on the check with little effort, including the account number, payee, amount and signature. FAIL!CLAIM #2: Micro-perfs along flap to indicate possible tamperingThere are 4 slits along the edge of the flap, each about 1/2-inch long. When I attempted to open the sealed flap, it did manage to tear along one of the slits. However, once I realized where the perforations were, I was able to open another sealed envelope carefully without tearing the flap.The flap also only seals along the bottom edge. I was able to thread a dental floss through the side openings of the flap and cut cleanly through the seal in only a few seconds, without even paying regard to the perforations. I was able to reseal the flap without any evidence of tampering whatsoever. FAIL!When I initially tested the envelope, the adhesive seemed quite strong. However, additional tests during some hot and humid days revealed it to be not up to par.
At first I thought "How am I going to write a review for an envelope?"  I mean really, it's an envelope.  So long as it didn't fall apart, it pretty much does its job, eh?Well, then I used one.  First off, you don't need to lick them to seal them.  It's got a self adhesive on there, which is nice if you don't feel like licking your envelope.However, the envelopes themselves felt kind of flimsy, like the paper in use is not as high a grade or something.  They bend.  The envelopes I was using before I got this box from Amazon for review you could put your bill or whatever you're mailing in there, and the envelope would stay rigid if you held it just on one end.  These envelopes do not, they sag when you do the same thing, which feels to me like it's a lesser quality paper.The no licking part is OK, but I don't really like the fact that the envelope feels more "cheap" when I hold it.  I gave this two stars because of the self adhesive, but that was about it.
There aren't many times I shake my head and wonder "why" a product exists.  Take the common envelope.  It's almost impossible to try to improve on it.  But somebody did ... um, try.  This one is otherwise a totally normal security envelope, but it will display a red warning if the envelope has been tampered with.  Okay, granted, there may be some family-issue instances where a spouse or parent or child opens an envelope then tried to reseal it.  But for most of us who mail an envelope somewhere (honestly I use about 5 envelopes in an entire year anymore with the internet available to do anything I could ever want to do) and let's just say some devious person opens it to steal a check or read some personal information ... do you REALLY think they will look at the bright red warning then reseal it and send it on its merry way so the recipient sees that it was opened?  Am I dense?  Is there a need for a product like this.  My two stars are generous because I don't think I've ever rated a product with one star.  Let's just say they quality of the envelopes is average.
I thought these envelopes were going to be very similar to the AMPAD Pull & Seal Security Envelopes I already use--they aren't.  The AMPAD envelope has a wide strip of adhesive that is covered up by a paper strip and therefore, you have nothing sticky to deal with--you put your item in the envelope, pull the paper strip off, fold down the envelope flap and you're done.  This product has a very narrow strip of adhesive (about a third the size of the AMPAD's adhesive strip) that is covered by part of the envelope itself.  You put your item in the envelope, pull UP the lower flap of the envelope covering the adhesive and then fold DOWN the top envelope flap to meet the adhesive strip you just unfolded.The worst part of using this envelope was that with all the hot, humid weather we are having right now, the lower flap gave me some resistance in coming away from the adhesive.  Then I had to make sure the lower flap was laying flat before I closed the upper flap over it (while avoiding getting my fingers in the adhesive).  I actually ripped the envelope flap the first time I used one.Security-wise, the imprint inside the envelope seemed fine to me.  I put in a piece of paper with heavy ink writing on it and could not see it up against a light.  Then again, that piece of paper was probably a little heavier stock than a check would be.  The imprint of the AMPAD envelope was much darker and more dense, so I'd say that it has superior security as well.  Even once this product was closed and sealed, it was ridiculously easy to open!!  Some security.For me, the bottom line is whether I'd buy the product again, and I would not buy this product again.  I will probably keep these as an emergency supply of envelopes for when I run out of the AMPADs, but don't plan to use these on a regular basis.
These envelopes offer a novel way to seal your security envelopes.  Just lift the flap and seal it shut.  These would be great for both small and large mailing projects.  Although the glue was very sticky and did not allow me to open it without obvious tampering, I would like to have seen a thicker line of glue.The security imprint was not very secure in my opinion.  I placed a standard CC bill in it and was able to hold a flashlight to it and read the contents.  Perhaps the light blue imprint would defeat a casual nosy person holding it up to the sun or interior light, but if you actually hold the envelope against the light source, it is clearly visible.More glue and darker ink would get more stars.
Mead is supposed to be a premium office supplies brand so I was rather surprised when I put these index cards to the test. They are not as thick as they used to be, but the problems do not end there. I picked up a handful of different pens, these Mead cards along with the ones from Wexford and Schoolio and wrote the same words with the same pens on all three of them. For most pens (ink, felt tip, gel, inkjoy) it was similar, however, with Sharpies (standard size and bigger), the Mead was a disappointment. The ink is bleeding through on the other side, so if you are going to use Sharpies, these have to be one sided index cards or when you write, make sure the two sides don't overlap. The Wexford was worse at this than the Mead, however, the Schoolio bested Mead. Even though the Schoolio index card doesn't have as much paper and it is even more flexible than the Mead.The Schoolio and Wexford have an extra line. The line spacing is the same size (when you align them from the bottom row), but the Mead uses a longer title line, which eats up an extra line. The Mead is physically slightly larger than the Schoolio, by about 0.1cm in width and length.If you are writing with pens (but not Sharpies or similar), you can fill up both sides and they are readable, as long as you don't put the index cards between yourself and a light source.Tip: if you are a year long index card user, the best time to buy and stock up is the back to school sales season (Independence Day to Labor Day). A lot of stores have index card sales and doorbusters during this period. Unless you are getting premium index cards, paying more than $1 per 100pk after the back to school sales end is overkill.
Normally I don't factor pricing or shipping into a review, because the price can change any time and the shipping isn't really the under the vendor's control.In this case, the shipping was fine, but the price seems really high for such a commodity.  You can pick these up at your local OfficeStapleDepotMax for less money and get a larger quantity.The index cards themselves are fine.  An index card is pretty much an index card.  These come with both a back and a front and four nifty square corners.  We use them for all sorts of purposes around the house.  I won't be buying any of these Mead cards for $3.25 per hundred though.
I use index cards at all to write talking points for meetings and such. Back in the day, Mead index cards were a lot thicker than they are today. Now, I usually just buy them at the dollar store. They are thin but they serve their purpose. But, if one is going to pay around 3-plus dollars for index cards, they better be the thick ones. These, the Mead 3x5-inch index cards are comparable in quality and thickness to the dollar store ones. I had an old pack of Mead index cards and compared them. Wow, what a difference in quality and thickness. I was very surprised that they price went up but that the quality and material used went down.The other issue is that these are so thin that when you write, depending on the pen, the ink can bleed through the other side. You can see impressions of what you wrote on the other side of the index car.
What happened to the index cards of old? These are so much thinner than the card stock index cards that I'm used to. I imagine that trying to shuffle these while giving a presentation or speech will be quite difficult. I miss the thickness of the older cards. While these will work for what I need them to they aren't the quality that I was expecting.
Cards? These are pretty flimsy to be called cards.I was hoping to use these to add to a recipe file box, but they are just not sturdy enough.I also write recipes down when someone asks for a special dish, but even the lines are substandard. As opposed to being crisply printed, they are a bit fuzzy.Unless you are actually LOOKING for 3 x 5 lined paper, take a pass on these.
This paper cutter has some design advantages over the "rotary" style cutters that are prevalent in most school and office venues today. In fact, it is the "old school" design with updated materials. Instead of the traditional iron handle and wooden base, this unit is made of heavy duty plastic with metal cutting edges. The overall construction feels fairly sturdy - moreso than run of the mill rotary cutters and less so than the original "old school" guillotine cutters.My unit had an initial defect that marred its performance. There was a nick in the blade near the juncture of the blade and the board (near the swivel point). This nick was small, about 1/32" in size. It is large enough to prevent the cutter from progressing easily until the blade is either forced or maneuvered past it. This makes it difficult to do precise cuts. After grinding off the nick, it works fine. I happen to have the right equipment to do this kind of sharpening, but suspect that many of you do not. So, it is important you inspect your particular unit either in the store (if you buy locally) or as soon as you receive your Amazon shipment. This is easy to do. Just pull the cutter out of the box, don't bother assembling it (you are required to attache the handle to the end of the blade), fully raise the cutter and then lower the cutter back to its starting position. If you feel any jerkiness or hangup in the operation, then you should inspect the blade for nicks or other damage.Once the cutter was put into operational shape, which required fixing the nick and using a screwdriver to attach the handle, it was very good at cutting individual paper. 22# bond was easily cut in single or multiple sheets up to about six. The box says that the device will cut 10 sheets at one time, but does not specify the weight of the paper. I think 22# office paper is pretty medium (most of us see 20-25# as the range in most offices or homes). I think 10 can be done, as I did for my test, but it is not a comfortable amount of paper to cut. My experience was that 10 sheets was taxing on the cutter and that it would not allow as accurate a cut as reducing the load to five sheets. In practice, this should be fine, but it is something to keep in mind. This is not a machine designed for brutal elementary school classroom use, for instance. It's really for small offices or other such use where portability (it has a nice built in handle), accuracy (the gauge and scale work fine), and clean cuts are the top priorities vs. capacity and ruggedness.If the initial quality had been better, I would have rated this unit a three or possibly four star device.
First, I love the tropical photo on the mouse pad!! but that's all the good stuff...The wrist gel while it was comfortable and soft, it isn't high enough. It needs to be about 25% higher in my opinion. the other drawback is that the mouse pad narrows down near the wrist gel area. In my opinion it shouldn't do this it needs to be wide from top to bottom. This mouse pad is very narrow compared to 3 of my other pads. There just isn't enough working space on it being its narrow.Almost a great all in one mouse pad but too narrow and needs a little more height in the gel.Update 11-1-11Although its mot my favorite mousepad, i've still ben using it but now it had developed a bubble in the center and is no longer flat. I've had to use double sided tape to keep it down otherwise my mouse doesn't glide. It gets stuck on the bubble.
Normally I LOVE 3M products. They usually work exactly as advertised and are of the highest quality. THese laminating sheets, not so much. They're OK, but the finished result is amateurish and not suitable for presentation. If you wan to protect a recipe ort some such thing from spills then they're fine, but if you need something ot appear laminated, this won;t really do it. The sheets are ever so slightly hazy, and trap air bubbles, no matter how much squeeze ou. I even tried a heavy rubber roller I have from my art school days, but it didn't help much. I almost feel guilty top give a 3M product a less-than-stellar review, but this is a (fortunately rare) example of a miss on their part. Make sure it's suitable for your needs before you buy these sheets.
Honestly, I ordered these from Vine by mistake. I saw "laminating sheets" and just blindly clicked because I was excited to be able to order something to use in my newScotch Thermal Laminator. Unfortunately, I completely missed the "SELF SEAL" graphic on the front. I really think "self seal" should be in the listing title.Anyway.After testing these on small insignificant things like magazine pages (for cut out recipes) and Lego Minifigure checklists (which are folded and tend to get ripped a lot) before trying something I didn't want to ruin...I came to the conclusion that I'd just rather use my thermal laminator. Trying to get a good-looking application is kind of like attempting to put on an iPhone screen protector...you need to do it with no wind, no fuzzies floating around, and perfectly stable finger work and then it still isn't quite right. Of course, you don't need medical precision to laminate a recipe, but for the anal retentive person (like me) it just didn't look and feel how I wanted it to. Plus it feels somewhat flimsy.If you do a lot of laminating, I'd seriously consider a thermal one. Otherwise, if you really want something laminated, I'd just go to your local office supply store and pay the $1.29 a page.
They didn't work that great and it drove me to make the decision to buy a home laminator. The machines are small and aren't that expensive these days.  I don't think you can do a good job without heat and without it being a pouch.
I got this mouse pad to replace one that slipped around on my desk too much. Well, this one doesn't move around, that's true, but the wrist rest is way too hard to be comfortable. I pictured something a little cushy, but this is truly as hard as a rock. I like the idea of the antimicrobial protection, but it's not worth the discomfort.
I'm a writer and photographer, so I'm on my computer a large percentage of the day. When I'm writing I don't need my mouse as much, but when I'm editing photos it's all about the clicking. I've even had sore fingers from clicking before, which is definitely something that's annoying. I had the opportunity to try out this wrist rest and was excited for it. I hoped that it would help me to use my mouse with less pain.While the wrist rest part works well, I do not like the mouse pad itself. The pad is very scratchy, so when you move your mouse around it just is a scratchy, grating feeling. It's definitely something that is really annoying for me. I prefer a smooth surface to use my mouse on.I'm definitely not going to be using this mouse pad any time soon. I also reviewed the3M Gel Wrist Rest , Black Leatherette, 7 Inch Length , Antimicrobial  Product Protection  (WR305LE), and that is much more comfortable with no scratchy feeling because I can use whatever mouse pad I want to with it.
I got this 3M foam mouse pad 2 days ago and I'm sorry to report that I have nothing good to say about it. Okay, maybe the fact that it doesn't slip would be considered a positive, but it ends there. The mouse pad is sooo uncomfortable to me. The pad part which is supposed to support your wrist is rock hard, I'm not kidding. I cannot use this mouse pad for longer than 10 minutes as my hand goes numb. Time to reorder a different one...Stay away!
I have been using a gel-type wrist rest from another brand that starts with an F. Seeing this 3M foam wrist rest on Amazon Vine, I thought why not give it a try. Well, I can agree that this is a comfortable wrist rest, and I don't even detect any strong smell unless I stick my nose to the wrist rest's surface. However, I find this foam wrist rest to be inferior to my gel wrist rest on one important count: cleanliness. With the gel wrist rest, all I need is to wipe it with a damp cloth, and the non-permeable surface is clean as new. But this form wrist rest has a cloth surface, which is permeable. Yes, it has been treated with an antimicrobial agent and perhaps nothing can grow on it. But it does not follow that we don't have to clean the surface. This wrist rest attracts lint and other small dirt like magnet, and thanks to its black color, the dirt is very visible. Needless to say, I am switching back to my gel wrist rest.
I got this binder through the Amazon Vine program, so I didn't have to pay for it. However, to people who are thinking of purchasing it with their hard-earned money, I can only say that it is not worth it. I see absolutely nothing in this binder to justify the $11.75 price. It looks quite cheap, so you won't impress your clients or business partners with it. They will think you picked it up for a buck at a dollar store somewhere. The cover is a bit puckered right from the start, from the very moment when you unwrap it. With use (and I'm talking about really moderate use here), the puckering gets worse.On the positive side, the binder has a very good mechanism that opens and snaps closed the rings. This is a useful feature that other binders lack. However, this great and useful characteristic is not enough to justify the price and make up for the poor look of the binder. I hope that the makers of this product start inserting the great locking mechanism into better-looking and cheaper binders. Until then, I will not be purchasing this product.
The first thing I did upon receiving this Wilson Jones Premium Binder is insert a few of my favorite and necessary sheet protectors.  I was disappointed that the WJ binder does NOT accommodate them.  The longer aspect of the metal D-ring causes the protectors to stick out of the side of the binder by 1/8 to 1/4 of an inch - not at all good for important documents.Plus, if there are only a few protectors in the binder, they tilt out the bottom if you hold the binder upright (as you would need to when placing the binder on a bookshelf or other flat surface).  NOT GOOD.In its favor, however, are the facts that this is PVC free, claims not to transfer inks and print from your documents onto the inside surface of the binder, and the corners are rounded off (which may improve shelf wear).But this WJ Binder will never replace my favorite, which isAvery Protect and Store View Binders with 1 Inch EZ-Turn Ring, White (23000).
Yes, the window for writing or sticking labels is larger, because the cut-away portion of the front of the folder is larger. However, when a normal-sized piece of paper is placed inside the folder, any extra writing space is covered by the paper. When I put my regular folders next to one of these, both with paper in them, I have exactly the same amount of space to write a heading on the tab.Otherwise, these are perfectly great folders for normal use. They just don't have more space to write in, as they claim. Two stars because I can still use them, but their claims are false.
What I like about this mouse pad:- it has a non-slip back- it's pretty; especially for a young girl- the mouse moves easily over the surfaceThe mouse pad area is about 25% too small but I suspect that is because this seems to be a child's mousepad.What I really don't like and the reason I rated this 2 stars is because the gel pad is too hard and actually hurts my wrist.  I tried moving my right wrist and arm along the pad in several positions but that didn't help.  In fact I was in pain after using this for 30 minutes.  If it weren't for this issue for me, I would have rated this 5 stars.
I thought I would use this for my laptop and liked the way that it could just be placed on top of it while not in use. I found the surface to be just too sensitive for me, I could not hold the mouse steady. This could be because I am used to the standard type of mouse pad, so I did use it for a week to see if it got any easier, but it didn't. I ended up giving it to my husband to use at his desk, and he seems to like it just fine. Now I have some residue on the top of my laptop cover that I have not been able to remove so far. Not real thrilled about that especially since the box that the mouse pad comes in shows a picture of that being how to store it.
This envelope is so stiff, that it is hard to access the folders.  You have to use both hands to keep it open so you can get inside.  It doesn't stand up on it's own, so you have to hold it while you try to hold the lid open to use it.  It is easier to pull the folders out, in order to work with them.  It isn't very practical to have to pull the folders out every time you want to access them.  It does fit well in backpacks, like it advertises but I don't think it is very easy access.If the above things bother you, I would suggest looking elsewhere for a better folder unit.
i wanted to like this file folder. i use these types of folders a lot to sort school paperwork for my kids. i didn't like the shape or bulkiness of this one. it's oddly shaped from any other file folder i've used with the huge flap and the opening at the short side instead of the longer side. i may not use this as often because of this.
I like the design idea here, I have a few different customer files that I'd like to have quick access to, without having small things like business cards and CD's falling out the sides of a regular folder, but the front flap on this portfolio is just annoyingly designed. First off, the plastic button that the elastic attaches too is big enough to get caught on things inside my top-load briefcase as I'm trying to remove it or put it back. Secondly, the flap itself is made of a not-very-flexible plastic so I'm fighting the thing every time I try to open it to get to the files. It wants to fold back down, or stick straight up, and won't fold over the back without a fight.It's a good idea, but poorly realized in my opinion.
This is my first disappointing experience with the Quartet brand. My combination board arrived with a large buckle in the magnetic whiteboard. I posted pictures on this product page. The glue separated. We tried to re-fit the white surface but couldn't smooth it out.The buckle wasn't just an aesthetic blemish. Quartet needs to adjust the amount or type of glue used on the magnetic whiteboard.I like the board's size (30" x 18") and the combination utility with the cork board surface. The aluminum frame came with two mounting options (clips and mounting pads) for cubicles or walls.Overall, the board is of less-than-average quality, especially weighing the $74.99 list price and $46.99 Amazon price. I can't recommend this board at either of those prices.I do recommendQuartet ReWritables Mini Dry-Erase Markers, which I received at the same time as this board. I'm using the markers with a different dry erase board.Rating: Two stars
**UPDATE- Originally I gave this little guy 4 stars. But then, I got a wrinkle in between the two sheets of laminating film and now I can't get it to run smoothly. I am contacting customer support because I have wasted a ton of film trying to get it wrinkle-free again. I think the wrinkle happened when I removed a picture that was very slightly stuck to the film already and I wanted to readjust it. Anyway, once the wrinkle began, it wouldn't stop. The replacement cartridges are too expensive to waste the way this one is being wasted trying to fix this issue. So if you buy this laminator, be VERY careful if you try to pull something back out of it that you already started to put in. Literally, I had barely put it in, I didn't pull very hard either.***Further Update : have stopped using this machine altogether. It repeatedly ruined documents and photos and I decided just not worth all of the effort for the lousy output.
I actually happen to have a regular "hot" aka thermal laminator at home, so I was able to do a side by side comparison.  My thermal laminator uses pouches up to legal size, which might limit its use as compared to a roll lamintor, but it's never been an issue for me.Anyway...The cost of purchasing a small to medium use thermal pouch laminator versus this heat free system is nearly the same.  No substantial cost difference there. However, the cost of the laminate material they use is radically different.  You could buy Three Hundred 9" x 11.5" pouches and One Hundred index card pouches, both in 5 mil (the thick laminate material) for the cost of One 90-foot roll of 5 mil laminate material for this heat-free system.  (A difference of about 200 feet of material.)So, for cost effectiveness, this Scotch Heat-Free system isn't the way to go.Since you could potentially laminate something that was 17 feet long, this heat-free system does have a leg-up there.BUT, as nearly every other reviewer has noted, once you get a wrinkle in this heat-free system, it's there for the rest of the roll.  With pouches, if you get a wrinkle or an air bubble, run it again with a new pouch.And thermal systems have motors to pull the material through.  With this system, you have to crank it.  So unless you need to laminate things during a power outage, the convenience factor goes to thermal systems.I found this thing rather unfriendly to deal with.  There are too many thing that you need to worry about: lining up the paper perfectly, watching for wrinkles, the laminate material sticking to the machine...My personal experience with both systems makes a traditional hot laminator the clear winner.
I wanted to like this packaging tape dispenser, but in the end I would have to say there are a lot better choices. It does what it says it will do (dispense the small core 3M packaging tape), but it doesn't really have the features that allow me to easily ship the kind of packages that I create for my eBay sales.Positives:* The grip is ergonomic and non-slip.* The tape end does not easily roll back on to the roll and get lost. Instead, it is "kept" out near the cutter ready for use.Negatives:* Per foot, the tape is about twice as expensive as the 3M packaging tape with large core that you get at Costo and other warehouse stores.* The dispenser does not allow you to add tension to the roll as you apply the tape. I do this to stretch the tape tight on the package to pull flaps together. The packages must essentially be already squared up for this tape to roll on to the seam. That's just not real world for me. I like the cheap wide core dispenser that comes with the bulk tape packages. Of course, for even more money, I like the "industrial dispenser with the adjustable tension and "press down" flap that I sometimes use at work, but that's out of this league. I would suggest that the kind of cheap dispenser that comes with some large core tape, such as http://www.amazon.com/Scotch-Packaging-Premium-3750RD-Inches/dp/B000FDLFX8/ref=sr_1_14?ie=UTF8&s;=office-products&qid;=1279218570&sr;=8-14 is a much better deal. You can tension the tape and you can use the less expensive per foot large core refills.* Since I cannot control the tension, I found this unit frustrating to use and will not refill it once the uneconomical tape cartridge is done.
First the good things:1. The handle is very comfortable.2. The wrist action to cut the tape is intuitive, and easy.3. The design effectively prevents you from loosing the end of the tape.Those things put this dispenser way ahead of the inexpensive offerings available from other companies. And leads us to the problems.1. It's a very expensive way to solve the issues that less expensive offerings from other companies have.2. It uses a proprietary sized roll of tape, so you can't refill it with value-priced tape refills.3. It's made of cheap plastic. Drop it more than once or twice, and it's done for.4. I don't recommend 1.88" wide tape for box sealing, especially for such thin tape. (They don't state how many mils thick it is, but it feels to be less than 1.5 mil.) Sealing a box effectively requires one strip over the seam, and another strip over both edges of the tape. Even then it's still thin enough to pierce with a fingernail, and narrow enough for the seam to seperate.This might be a good option for someone who has trouble using a normal packaging tape gun, doesn't have to tape things very often, and takes their packages to a pack and ship store that can retape them with wider, thicker tape. It may also be good for sealing boxes that will be only handled by hand, and not in an automated conveyor belt system. (Example: You're moving, and carrying all the boxes by hand.)But for anyone who's planning on doing a lot of taping of boxes for shipping, this is not a good choice.
I own 4 staplers which are in use throughout the house. They are all made by Swingline.  This one sports a smaller size than most and average build quality. It is easy to use and works as well with 1 page or 20 pages.  A nice boost in leverage provided by this design and honestly it truly IS easier to use..........That&#8217;s until it JAMS........ Yep, for some reason this unit seems prone to jamming. It works great and all the sudden, &#8220;WHAMMO&#8221; and you are dead in the water. I am thinking perhaps the quality of the staples I am using are not up to snuff. On the other hand, staplers should work, no matter the brand of staples, as long as they are the right size.  That's another point, you MUST get 1/4 inch S.F.4 #35450 staples for this thing to work properly at least according to the instructions printed on the box.After bit of work and a few poked fingers I got the thing un-jammed and THEN I had trouble closing it up.  Too much trouble for me to keep messing with. On the other hand, all 3 of my other Swingline Staplers work perfectly. Go figure.  Sounds like some folks here have had better luck than I have,. With that in mind, your mileage may vary but I can't personally recommend this one.
... and unnecessarily complicated.Although I'm not a rocket scientist or a brain surgeon, I do consider myself intelligent, and as someone who rides the ADD/OCD train regularly, I tend to pay attention to details a bit more than the average Joe.  If you're more the "this looks like I just put the paper in and slide" type (or even the "I'll read the directions and follow them to the letter type), you should probably skip this paper cutter.In short, I read the directions and tried to cut a piece of cover-sheet weight paper; after 10 minutes with no cutting action going on, I was about to throw this thing against a wall. I forced myself to keep trying, however, and thanks to my curiosity, tenacity and trial-and-error, I finally managed to make a few cuts!Either I got a bum machine or they need to add a step to the setup/instructions; although they mention a strip of cutting surface that should be flipped every now and then, they fail to mention that said piece is covered in plastic, or that this plastic must be removed in order to cut properly - or even cut at all. I spent 10 minutes just trying to get the paper through, which didn't happen because it was catching on the plastic - something I eventually found out by trying to pry apart the cover arm- and something not explained on the instructions.Even after figuring this out I wouldn't recommend this cutter; the extra step of locking and unlocking the "hold down arm" are unnecessary and take just enough time to be obnoxious- especially since they don't always actually hold the paper in place. I also found that small adjustments to the pressure on the rotary blade piece resulted in an edge that wasn't perfectly straight.If you've got small kids at home and tend to keep your cutter out in the open, well, you may want to rethink that, but this might be just what you need. If, however, you don't, I'd definitely go with a classic "arm" model, or perhaps a different/better rotary model instead.UPDATE: Apparently I wasn't the only one with "challenges" re. the lack of direction re. the "cutting mat" and its placement... someone seems to have added an image of the problematic piece - complete with a note on the fact that it may have shifted in transport - to the product photos.
I was really looking forward to getting this scanner since the paperwork pile I amass each month running my business seems to be growing exponentially. I've been using an Epson GT-S50 for scanning and, while it is wonderful for processing large amounts of paper, it does not offer a database to catalog the scans. Also, it can be fussy with regard to receipt-size paper (sometimes need to use a carrier sheet to hold the original). Both of those problems are issues the Neatdesk is supposed to address.Installation on a Win 7 (32 bit) machine proceeded slowly, but without any drama. The only concern I had was that at various times the install seems as if it had stalled. I just gave it time and it eventually sorted itself out.The first problem came up while trying to scan odd-sized receipts. The scanner jammed repeatedly, or pulled the paper askew, which ruined the scan. It is very fussy with regard to the condition of the original. Paper that would go through my Epson without a hitch caused the Neatdesk to choke. This is a serious drawback since receipts and invoices are rarely in pristine condition -- they get crumpled and folded. But, even with a perfect original, the feeder on the Neatdesk often malfunctioned. Major source of frustration.The second source of frustration was with the software. It's supposed to automatically know the difference between a receipt and a document, and automatically pull in key attributes from the receipt into its database. Works great in theory. In actual practice, not so much. Mis-reads are more common than good reads. You end up spending more time than if you just did things manually.The only plus is that it is more compact that other scanners, and looks nice.While the concept is good, the execution is poor. For this price I expected a lot more functionality. I'm sticking with my Epson, and can't recommend this unless you will be scanning originals in perfect condition and are willing to spend time cataloging items scanned.
These are great ideas, and quite pricey.  Too bad they don't work as I would like.  I have always saved receipts in a file cabinet, each month has its own folder and I just move them each month.  After a year passes I save the bank statements and a receipt or two that needs saving in a box, reusing the folder for new.  I tried this but found it so complex, time consuming, and trouble prone, that I went back to my old and yes, better way.  I also started questioning the legality of a reproduced receipt.  The thin grocery store receipts are really a no go, they are thin - they jam, they cut off the scan before it completes, you get the idea?  It works great on cards, it is a great card scanner; an expensive card scanner.  I found it a very flawed idea.  It looks like a wonderful idea, but takes longer than it should and the jams make it unnecessary.  I am sorry to report this, I had high hopes.  It is quite useless.  Others have reported the paper skids with only one paper drive wheel and I confirm that to be the case.  Save your money and use my old file system.  Much quicker than this.
I also own a Fujitsu ScanSnap S1300i. Simply put, the NeatDesk scanner isn't even in the same class as a business tool. The Fujitsu outclasses it in every regard: speed of scan, scan quality, usability, and even price. Making things worse is the clunky NeatDesk software which adds little value. You can't even use this thing without their junky software. After a month of screwing around with the NeatDesk its collecting dust in my office. I'd skip this one and get a Fujitsu instead.
I spent an entire morning trying to use this scanner on 3 computers, and ended up 1 for 3.  My first choice was my older Mac; turns out the Neat driver software won't install on it (doesn't say why, just an error message that it won't install) and Image Capture and VueScan won't recognize the scanner, either.Next I tried my laptop with Windows 7.  The wifi doesn't work, but that shouldn't be a problem when installing a scanner driver, should it?  Well, partway through the installation, I get a message that it won't go any further without an Internet connection.  What the?  And there's no option to cancel or abort the installation - I had to reboot to get out of it. Ugh!Next up was my laptop with Windows XP, and this time it installed, although it stopped at one point and said it needed IE7 or higher in order to install (?) But at least it's running, after I registered at the site with the product key.This might be a decent scanner if only the software wasn't so slow, clunky and 1999-ish.  I scanned several business cards, and while there were errors on each one that needed editing, it did accurately capture the phone numbers on all, and names on all but one which had the name as a company-like headline.  With recipes on letter-sized paper, it just takes a picture and you have to categorize and write in notes yourself.  Receipts are the best thing for NeatDesk, it seems; it easily picks out store name, date, total amount, sales tax and payment type, and lets you categorize it and generate a report.I'm not really up on document scanners, but looking around Amazon, it appears that there are much better choices available.  Or why not get a printer/scanner/fax all-in-one, that just plugs in and works, and can be networked?  This looks sleek and pretty next to the iMac (which I can't even use it with) but functionality leaves a lot to be desired.
update-- Customer service is prompt polite and helpful, they had me delete 2 neat folders in the twain area of the windows system and it works fine now. This only happens occasionally with some computers.I did a couple receipts and busiess cards, the receipts are recognized properly but some of the business cards were treated as receipts so I had to redo them and not have it auto select, I selected business cards myself then it worked fine. It took me a while to figure out that the recipts have to be face down... LOL I couldn't find a picture that showed how to place the paper.It is working fine now and I would recomend this especially since customer service is so responsive. I would give it 4 stars now, wish I could change it.I installed it as per the directions and I keep getting a twain error that all the components can not load, please reinstall the software, I reinstalled and got the same thing? I have winxp sp2. I will try support later, right now it is the weekend and I really don't want to mess with this for hours.
I was eager to try this because I love technology, especially products that are for practical, productive purposes.We're an average middle-age household. Middle income, middle America, no kids. I didn't find this product helpful. It just took up more of my time. The scanning and sorting makes for interesting play, but this is overkill. We already have an efficient, manual system for handling receipts. We keep them till the credit card bill arrives, reconcile, then shred the ones we don't need to keep. We have files for medical and big ticket items. The whole "pay the bills, balance the checkbook, purge and file" bit takes us about an hour and a half total per month. It takes longer just to scan receipts, and it really doesn't help us keep track of where our money went. We have that information in the checkbook and our bill files, which get purged every year.This thing could help someone in an average household get organized, but you still need discipline to do that. Don't buy this unless you've made a real commitment to be organized. If you've made that commitment, consider setting up your own database or spreadsheet to track your expenses. Paperless, and you probably already have the software. I'm just saying, because this is touted as helping you declutter. But if you don't really need it, this scanner is just clutter.
This riser is okay, if you only paid about half of the current price. It doesn't feel that sturdy to me. I don't have great confidence that it won't topple or sag. It also raises the monitor up a little too high for me. I can raise my chair up high enough that the monitor is just above eye level -- it actually should be just below for ergonomic purposes. I thought it would be nice to have a little extra desk space -- being able to store a few items under the riser. Unfortunately, the negatives outweigh that small benefit. I have already removed the riser.That said, if your current desk setup is such that you really need to raise your monitor significantly, and if your monitor is pretty lightweight, this would work for you. But I do think it's overpriced.
So here is the deal...I recently decided to start an experiment using one of those big balls to sit on rather than slouching in an office chair all day. It's supposed to be a good way to exercise one's "core" muscles but more on that another time. In any case, I then needed a monitor riser and was just about to pick one out when this became available.Terrific timing I thought plus the idea of a nice corner unit was appealing. It arrived quickly and I eagerly unpacked it only to encounter a big, mostly plastic, highly unappealing riser. Of course, it's the function that matters most not the looks but this feels "flimsy". Not the type of flimsy that will leave your monitor sagging but the type that doesn't move smoothly when adjusting.Perhaps more annoying is the actual space - this thing takes up more area than expected yet still barely manages to provide a firm foundation for the base of the monitor. Forget storing anything other than piddly stuff (and who wants to chase that around?) - it won't fit files or other useful items.Now, having voiced my list of complaints, this does actually raise the monitor so if you are searching for a no-frills riser it will work. For that reason alone I gave it partial points but frankly, I'd skip this one and go with a better designed one.
Maybe I should give myself some more time to get used to it, but at first glance (no pun intended) the Fellowes Smart Suites Corner Monitor Riser looks like it's destined for a place in our basement storage area--not on my computer desk. Why?* First of all, how many people actually locate their monitors in a corner?Okay, red faced, I will admit that my future home office will use a corner location for the monitor. However, my current home office has the monitor located squarely in the middle of the wall. The monitor riser does work there, but I fear that a good push to the rear will send the rear leg over the edge. The result will be the riser and my Dell 21" monitor flying against the wall.* Second of all, how high is too high?I have a custom made computer desk specially designed to have the top of the desk at the proper ergonomic height for the monitor. Now here comes the Followes and raises it higher than needed. I want to glance down at the monitor, but there is sits with my eyes squarely directed to the bottom of the screen. And that's without the additional height with using those rubber risers. Now, maybe that's me and maybe your desk is lower. If so, you can consider this product provided, of course, that you plan to work in a corner. But please do measure things first.* Third of all, what's up with those instructions and those unknown extra parts?Granted, documentation isn't always what it should be. But the double-sided instructions are confusing and hard to follow--and I am an engineer. (I know. Shame on me!) I managed to figure things out with one notable exception just by looking at the riser and it's associated parts. Honestly, it's not that hard.Oh yes, the one exception. For the life of me I can't figure out what the extra parts (screws?) are intended to be. They don't show on the instructions (I don't think that they do), so what is their intent. And what about that part on the instructions that looks like a USB bridge. Where is it in the box and what does it do?Really, Fellowes. Monitor risers aren't intended to be so hard or so complex that they need two pages of instructions to install. Someone clearly was rushing or not paying close attention when this product was put together. Not very smart.Now, if you'll pardon me. I have to remove my Dell monitor from the Fellowes Smart Suites Corner Monitor Riser and carry the riser downstairs to store for possible use at some future date.
The stand works as it should, in that it raises my monitor just under 4 inches.  However, for $30 ($40 as their MSRP), I am hard-pressed to give this a rating of anything higher than 2 stars.The stand comes with two sets of rubber raisers, which raise the stand half-an-inch each.  It's made of plastic, and even though it seems sturdy enough, I doubt this will last in the long run.  It slightly bent before going back into shape when I put my 17" Dell monitor atop.  I use it at the office, so it actually adds more desk space.  The box it comes in makes it seem as though there's more to it.  Now that I peruse Amazon.com's listing, a couple of the photos show an attachment that holds a laptop.  IT IS NOT INCLUDED.  You only get the stand and two sets of rubber raisers.  That's it.For $30, I'd suggest you look elsewhere.  This is a universal stand that took me a while getting used to because of its un-adjustable height (besides the two raisers), but I'd strongly recommend you get something that accommodates your specific monitor.  It would be around the same price, if not cheaper, and most likely made of better material.  If this were $10, maybe even $15, I would give it 4 stars as a stand that cannot adjust shorter than 4 inches.Most monitors can raise themselves, but those that can't (mine), it's probably too low for the office environment, and can lead to bad posture.  That's the only reason I ordered a monitor riser, but I'm considering another option.
I had selected both this product and Fellowes Hot Laminating Pouches, Letter, 5 mil, 100 Pack (52040) to see what the difference would be, which would be better overall at least for me. The 5 mil pouches are extremely durable and I didn't experience any bubbles in the 5 mil. laminated pouches A++. Funnily, the 3 mil. pouches from the same company had bubbles after lamination. Though I do like the idea of a little more bendability for some of the laminating items, but with the bubble problem, it's just not worth it.
I am so relieved to read that other reviewers had the same reaction to this notebook that I did: the colors of the pages are gaudy. The second I opened this product, I knew I could not use it in a professional setting. The ruled area is &#34;ruled&#34; in a royal blue, the &#34;QuickNotes&#34; section is an alarming yellow, and there are pinkish-red lines in the notes section. As mentioned, it looks like a primer that one might use in high-school when taking a business course. Not to mention, on each page, the words &#34;QuickNotes&#34; appear at the top in a large, silly font.For me, this is unusable.
With a product named &#34;Business Notebook&#34;, I was expecting something with professional quality and professional features. What you get is only slightly different from a typical school notebook. You get the same thin plastic cover and spiral binding. The paper is perhaps a little thicker than the cheapest school notebooks, but nothing special. The paper is oddly printed into separate white and yellow sections which are both labeled &#34;Quick Notes&#34;. The product photo makes it appear to have a pocket in the front, but that is an illusion. The product description says &#34;perfect for use with smartphones&#34;. What does that mean? This is just a paper notebook. There is no pocket to carry a smartphone or any other smartphone features that I can see. The price of this notebook is double what a school notebook would cost and for that price I would expect some real business features like a hard cover, pockets for pens and business cards, etc. Maybe this meets other peoples' business needs, but not mine.
I initially thought this notebook would include not only the Quicknotes, but also the itemized chart pages and regular lined pages as shown in one of the item photos, unfortunately, it's just the Quicknotes.I've used Mead's Quicknotes in the past and they worked well for client and office meetings, however, the this new version is not as well-designed. The covers are made of thin and floppy vinyl, so it's impossible to use this without laying it on a writing surface, which doesn't work well when you're visiting a client and want to jot down notes without asking to use their desk.The next issue is the paper itself. This appears to have a high recycle content, and is thinner than regular 24lb copy paper. Gel pens bleed through easily, so the back of the page is useless. I've added a photo to illustrate this, which you should be able to see in the "Customer Images" to the right.Finally, the bright yellow QuickNotes section is way too dark. The old one that I had was closer to buttercup yellow, making it easy to see what's written on it even if you use a pencil. This darker yellow makes it hard to decipher pencil or thin pen marks.
Love this notebook for taking notes for our monthly business meetings at work. Keeps them all in order for review from month to month without having to search for them. Highly recommend! I give this five stars and a big thumbs up!
Let me start this review by noting that I received a defective unit right out of the box.  I opened the box, powered the device up and found it would shut itself off in just a second or so.  I checked the batteries which appeared OK.  The problem kept recurring, so I changed the batteries.  When the problem persisted, I started testing and realized that my Entourage7 would not stay powered on with the battery compartment cover in place!  If I removed the cover, the unit stayed on, but each time I would replace the cover, it would shut off.  I examined the compartment and cover and cannot find anything causing this situation, but it does happen.So....I left the cover off and tried using the device.  For the price, it includes a lot of features.  It translates in 7 languages, of which is English.  So keep in mind if you speak English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, (Mandarin) Chinese, or Spanish, you really have 6 "other languages" to which you can translate.The most important note about this product....while it is versatile and has a library of over 700 phrases (each translatable to/from all 7 languages), it does not allow for entering of your own sentences, so bear in mind you can look up and translate phrases, but can't type something freehand like "Hi can you get me to a PC.  I want to log in to amazon.com".  Nor does it allow you to speak a phrase into the device for translation.  At this price point, you should not expect that sort of feature, but I just wanted to note it so no one misunderstands what the Entourage7 does.The device is compact.  A downside to this is that the text for most of the buttons on the front panel is extremely small, equivalent to perhaps a 4 or 5 point font.  I have 20/20 vision and don't need reading glasses but some of the button text was difficult to make out.Also, the top 12 buttons have text over the button, another button has its text label under the button, two other buttons are labeled to the right and left of those particular buttons and the `joystick' button is labeled on the button.The screen size is easy to read and can be backlit, and once you can figure out what the button text says, most of the controls and menus are intuitive.The translations I did from English to Italian were accurate enough so someone speaking an Italian dialect would understand.PROs:* Lightweight and compact - about the size of a Blackberry device.* Displays the translated phrase.* Speaks the translated sentences for you.* Headphone jack so you can listen to translation in private and repeat the phrase to someone rather than reading the display or playing the recording for them.* Translates about 700 phrases in 8 categories useful to travelers.* Good battery life can be anticipated due to battery type (PC CMOS type battery as opposed to AA or AAA cells).CONs:* Button label text is very small.* If my defective device is any indicator, predicted reliability may not be good.All in all a decent product for the price.  I rated it just 2 stars, however, given the defective one I received.  I have contacted the manufacturer about the defect and will update this review when I hear back from them.
Because this little hand-held gizmo works on phrases rather than individual translation of words, its use is quite limited, IMHO.  I have a smaller unit made by another manufacturer which has more languages and can translate word by word, but doesn't have the spoken translation.  That's fine too, but can be hard to understand without listening to it a couple times on this unit.  I also found that the display was difficult to read unless I fumbled in my purse first for my reading glasses.I think it also marks you as a tourist immediately!  Which probably negates any good it might have otherwise done if you're dealing with making a purchase or even in a restaurant.All that being said, for a few key phrases it will work in a pinch - just hope that the native speaker with whom you are trying to converse doesn't answer back verbally because you'll never get it with this little gadget!
I was excited to try out this item since it has Mandarin Chinese. I've been teaching myself Chinese for a year and try to practice by going to the Chinatown in Flushing NY, where Mandarin is the predominant tongue (as opposed to Cantonese in most other Chinatowns).The heart of this translation unit is a set of pre-programmed phrases geared toward the casual short-term visitor. There are dedicated buttons for categories such as restaurants, transportation, etc. Within each category is about a dozen or two phrases that may or may not prove helpful to you. A bonus is that it will pronounce the phrases via the built in speaker (3 volume levels) or headphone jack.The main disadvantage of this unit is that you're limited to whatever phrases the programmers decided to include. Some phrases are certainly helpful, such as asking for the bill, making reservations and asking directions. However, many phrases are completely useless from a culture-specific view. Sure, asking what type of cheeses are available is appropriate in Italy or France, but very out of place in China (where they abhor cheese). They could have easily changed the cheeses to tofus and it would have been more relevant. This was a major disappointment for me because I felt like they did not do any research into what phrases might actually be useful to translate into Chinese. They basically picked a set of "universal" phrases and used them for all the languages. The same comments apply to the Japanese phrase pack as well - though they do tend to eat a little bit of cheese.Frankly, even when using the phrases in one of the Romance languages, they are rather boring. No, I'd rather not ask what type of typical American dishes are served when traveling to a foreign nation. Those types of travelers can go to a McDonald's just about anywhere in the world and do fine without a translator.The thing I liked the most about this unit was the Chinese pronunciations. I thought they were spot-on and incredibly helpful for a complex tonal language. As a beginner, I find myself hitting the "talk" button frequently so that I can pay close attention to the tones. It's the next best thing to having a native speaker friend who is willing to repeatedly pronounce the same stupid word for you. Most of the restaurants I visit in Flushing don't have English-speaking staff. With this unit, I can pick a phrase (from the limited choices) and play it to them instead of butchering it myself. That's the coolest thing ever, especially when they smile back because they've completely understood you. It breaks the ice.Unfortunately, I can't give similar praise to the Japanese pronunciations. Most of the phrases sound like they're spoken by a native Chinese speaker struggling to pronounce Japanese. It makes the Japanese sound very harsh and syncopated. What was a shocker to me was that many of the English words have not been translated to Japanese. Rather, they pretend to have translated it to Japanese, but it is still the same English word. Someone got super lazy. For instance, the Japanese pronunciation of "sparkling wine" is "spaaaa-ARC-kay-ling viiiNE." Are you seriously kidding me? It sounds like a native Chinese-speaking robot.I did not bother to test out the German or Romance languages extensively. The pronunciations in them sound a bit better and the list of phrases are definitely designed for visitors to the Euro countries.By the way, the interface is pretty lame. I don't mind the low res text, but the phrases scroll painfully slowly. The buttons are not intuitive. I still haven't figured out how to set the time on this unit. It's rather aggravating to use.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:I am a freak when it comes to using pencils- the tip ALWAYS needs to be sharp. For the few "regular" pencils I own (I usually use mechanical), this sharpener will get the job done. However, it only gets three stars because 1) the motor chugs along- it sounds like it's struggles to sharpen pencils- and I see other reviews state the same thing, so it's not like I received a bum sharpener. 2) For the price (or only a little more), I think you can definitely buy a better sharpener that you know will last awhile. I am skeptical on how long this thing will last.Overall, if the price drops (currently $30 + shipping because it's from a different seller) and you're looking for a decent, not-fancy sharpener, go with it. If it's still around 30, look elsewhere and see if you can find a better product.UPDATE 2/10/14:I've had this pencil sharpener in my classroom for awhile now, and my students use it all the time. It is less than impressive. First of all, it is loud. Second, it does NOT do good job of sharpening pencils. My students are at the sharpener for so long, and 8 out of 10 times, they give up and go to to the other pencil sharpener in my room (which is not much better). At this point, I've owned 3 different electric sharpeners. The best one I own, I keep at home :P. It isWestcott Axis iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener for Home or Office (15510)and gets my pencil to a super sharp point, every single time. I would definitely recommend the Westcott over the X-acto any day.
I was surprised at the cost of electric pencil sharpeners these days.  My old electric Boston sharpener is almost 30 years old and still performs well. This one was acquired through Amazon's Vine program for my unbiased opinion and review. The X-Acto blades are probably fine. The noisy part doesn't last that long, they all make noise, but the sound of the motor makes one wonder how it will hold up. Be sure to read the warranty on that part.It's a nice-looking product, sturdy and heavy. I, however, was not real impressed with its performance.  I put in new pencils and it seemed to take forever each time.  Blunt, but sharpened pencils did better. Starting from scratch just takes too long. I found myself helping it along by applying a little pressure to the end of the pencil. I still found that one side is sharpened down more than the other side, but maybe that is because of the pressure I was applying to the pencil (?)  The motor sounds like it is straining, and it does not shut down when finished, just keeps rolling the pencil around, so the "pencil saver" feature is apparently up to the users best guess. I just don't think I could recommend spending $30+ dollars on this.  It is an ok product for home use, but in a heavy business environment that uses old-fashioned pencils a lot (as I do) I would have some doubts.
Although I find this chair very comfortable to sit, it has a few problems.Let me first tell you what I really like about this chair.Comfortable seat:It has really soft cushion that feels very comfortable and cozy to sit on. I can sit on this chair for hours without feeling any discomfort.Easy assembly:The assembly was easy and intuitive. I was able to get this chair assembled in 15 minutes. It also feels very solid and durable.Now, here are some of the things that I don't like about this chair.Adjustability:It doesn't have a lot of options to adjust. Though it does lean back, it does not go far back to a comfortable lean. It stops at an awkward uncomfortable angle. Also, I don't see any options to lock the lean midway or far back. It does have a locking mechanism to lock it from leaning but I would liked it better if it had the option to lock at different angles that I find comfortable.Quality of the fabric on the seat:Though the mesh fabric on the back is fine, the fabric on the seat is not durable. It has this mesh fabric that looks like it's made from cotton and doesn't look very sturdy and can easily tear if you're not careful.If I was considering a chair in this price range, I'd rather shop around because I can easily find other quality chairs at this price. The two stars are for the cozy seat cushion and the easy assembly.
Everything about this chair is high quality, form the included screws and instructions to the fabric and feel of the rubber armrests. The seat cushion is very very comfortable.I have 1 problem with this chair:I'm 5-6 and I have it at the lowest setting and my (bare feet) barely reach the floor. Wikipedia says average US male is 5-9.5 and average female is 5-4. So why do chair manufacturers make chairs that exclude so much of the population?So for me the adjustability means nothing (relative to my desk and monitor) since I'm stuck at the lowest position for my legs to be comfortable. I know I'm a short guy but most women are shorter than me, does that mean this chair is not for them either?The other thing to note is that while you can adjust the tension for the back rest, the main cushion does not lean with the back (in a good way).EDIT (June 2012)changed star rating form 4 to 2 because the main cushion lost it's cushionyness. I'm on my computer all day so I used it all day for over and week and now it's shaped like me and not nearly as comfortable as the first day or 2. (I weigh 185 lbs, if that makes a difference). I can see an impression of my ass on the cushion first thing in the morning before using the chair for the day.Can't recommend.
These labels do exactly what they say: you can reposition them even after you have applied them to paper or envelopes.Great idea if you mess up a lot centering them on envelopes.For most people this is not really necessary as the first time they put it on is okay. Maybe for kids or for professionals who want to get the labels just right for clients it would be a good idea.The labels also don't stick well initially and can curl up off the paper if you apply them to paper like cardstock or anything with a smooth shiny surface. You then must hold it down or really rub the label to make it stick. It gets old if you need to stick a lot of these labels to something.
When I first tried the stapler, I used about 50 magazine pages as a test. The stapler jammed. It continued to jam each time I tried it with anything, even when I was down to two pages. I called ACCO customer support, and after describing the issue they told me to return it or exchange it. I opted to return it. Although it's possible that mine was an exception, the part that the staples come out of was not properly aligned with the recess on the bottom plate, leaving nothing to get the staple to bend on the bottom.A positive point is that it comes with a lifetime guarantee against jamming when used with the correct (included) staples. I can't say how likely it is to jam, but if yours stops working after a while, you always have the option of calling customer service. They answered on the first ring, which is a plus.You might also consider thePaperPro 60-Sheet High-Capacity Stapler (1200), which has a capacity of fewer sheets (60) but works reliably and with very little force. Hopefully, the distribution of reviews will give you an idea of how well it works, under what circumstances it fails, and what remedy people had when it failed after owning it for a long period of time.
The sharpener is very large and takes up a lot of real estate space on your desk. The performance leaves a lot to be desired, it wants to jam, points break off and have to be remove or dislodged. I would not buy this simply for the fact it can't sharpen well without problems but the size of it is a real turn off too.
These labels are truly repositionable, even after a week of being stuck to paper.  After two weeks they became harder to remove.My main concern however, is that they do not stick well to non flat surfaces.  I tried to use these on Tyvek (the plastic like envelopes) that were stuffed full of clothing.  The surface was not flat and the labels peeled up from the corners after application.They also peeled from the plain cardboard box I used, but not the boxes supplied by the Post Office that have a white paper coating.The adhesive seems to have a problem with some surfaces so use with caution.  Not up to Averys usual standards.
I see that these have great reviews and I wish that my review could also be a positive one.  When I saw that Avery was offering up Repositionable Labels I was excited and decided to order for labeling my kiddies school notebooks and folders.  After much chagrin, I have come to the conclusion that these truly do work as advertised but because of that do not seem to adhere to all surfaces the way other labels do.We have never encountered any issues with labels peeling off of anything until this batch.  No matter how much I press and rub my fingers across - they still seem to peel at corners or the bottoms!  It has become a daily chore of checking my girl's school folders/Mead composition books and re-pressing.  The packaging states that they are repositionable and over time they will become permanent.  Is that the problem??  Then why would I ever want to ship anything with a possible peeling label that has not "cured" itself into being permanent.Since I had such adhesion issues I was able to test the "repositionability" factor and they do indeed peel cleanly off; the issue arose when they weren't as sticky the second time around as the first.Do I recommend them?  At this point and for my use... no.  I am beginning to wonder if there was an issue with the adhesive in my bunch after the glowing reviews from others.
They are durable like stated on package but they were hard to write on them and a smearing problem also.  I was excited seeing these I thought I could redo my files but more work than it was worth.Skip!
These durable filing tabs are a fanstastic idea that needs more work.What I like about them is:- These tabs are tough.  It was as if I put a binder separator to mark the pages of my book.- The lower portion is clear so it did not cover any writing on the page I stuck it to unlike their other productPost-it Note Tab, 3.37 x 2.75 Inch, Green and Blue (2200-GB).- I was able to remove the tab easily and without any damage to the page.- I was able to write both on the colored and clear part of the tab.What I really dislike is:- I used a ballpoint pen to write on both the top and bottom of the tab and the top part smeared even after 20 minutes of drying.  Yet the clear part never smeared.- The cost is almost .17 cents per sheet and there are only 24 per pack at the current price of $3.99.If Post-it solved the smearing problem, I would have rated this product 4 stars (taking off 1 star for the high cost).  If they solved both the smearing problem and lowered the cost to about $2.00 per pack, I would have rated this product 5 stars because these easily turn a book, binder, file folder, etc. into a nicely separated "document" without the expense of having to purchase binder separators.  However, because the ink smears for about 30 minutes after writing on the top part of the tab, I wouldn't even consider purchasing these until they have been reengineered.  Personally I don't like the messy look of smeared ink not to mention the difficulty in reading smudgy writing.
While the print quality and speed is decent on this machine, there is a huge problem when scanning or copying.If you try to COPY any photo, business card, or any other document that does not have a margin (where text or images stretch to the very ends of the document), the top and left sides are cut off between 1/8" and 1/4"!  If you copy an 8.5"x11" document that doesn't have any margins, the bottom and right sides are cut off by even more than 1/4"!If you try to SCAN that same document (without moving it from the scanner glass), the top and left sides are cut off by 1/8", and the bottom and right sides are ok.This means that if you wish to scan something smaller than letter-sized (like a photo), you have to remember to NOT place the document in the upper-left corner of the glass as instructed... instead you have to remember to move it off the corner and then manually crop it.  This also means that if you have to copy or scan an entire 8.5"x11" document that has no margins, you're out of luck.I've had a number of scanners, copiers, and multi-function machines in the past by manufacturers like Samsung and HP and I have never had this issue.  No adjustments can be made to fix the problem.  And unfortunately, this is not a problem that can be fixed by a driver or software update... it is a huge flaw in the design of the hardware itself.Some people may not find this to be a problem for them, but for me, it's a deal-breaker.  I'll be using a different all-in-one... one that can scan and copy an entire 8.5"x11" without getting cut off!
There are several nice things about this multi-function unit and I really do like its scanning capability and PC interface (much MUCH better than a similarly priced HP).  I had no problems with set up or functioning. My concerns and complaints are that it is very slow to print and - as other reviewers have noted - it gulps ink like crazy.  I've printed fewer than 500 pages (less than 25% coverage) and the "big" black ink cartridge needed replacement. This was purchased for my office and I'm returning it.  I was contemplating one for my home but I'm so glad I didn't order another.
There is no doubt that for a small, plastic device there is a lot of information at your fingertips but accessing it can be difficult.  The keyboard is tiny and not easy to navigate.  The screen is hard to see and, although it has the ability to increase your font size, you cannot increase font sizes before you reach the word you are looking for.  All of your search screens remain small and hard to read.The cover on my dictionary would catch each time I opened it.  The speaker sounds very tinny (what you would expect for a small plastic device) so whether you can get an accurate pronounciation from it is questionnable.If you want a spanish-english dictionary that can fit in your pocket, have good eyesight, and like to have a lot of information available at your fingertips, this just might be the device for you.  Otherwise, I would look for something that is better quality and larger.
I speak construction Spanish and wanted this to help me with more common phrases like eating lunch or talking about the weather. The first thing I noticed about this Dictionary was how extensive it was. The words and phrases that come with it are vast. I've almost always been able to find the word or phrase I was looking for. I like the speaking function of it also. It really comes in handy if you are not able to pronounce everything you read. It has a lot of Pros going for it.The Cons:It is slow to navigate and the user interface is not intuitive. One example are the soft menu buttons at the top of the keyboard. They are suppose to be corresponding to the graphic buttons on the bottom of the screen that change functions as your navigate different functions of the device. The problem is that they do not physically line up under one another. The hard buttons are smaller and shifted to the right. You have to pause a moment to make sure you push the correct soft button. After awhile you get used to it and are faster with it, but try letting someone else use it and they will be confused.The buttons are too small. There are too many buttons and too many functions that this translator has. It should be much more simpler. If it were a study aid only then it should be laid out that way and being a little slow wouldn't be an issue. If it were mainly for use while actively talking to someone then it should be laid out much more simpler and be much more faster to navigate. It is simply to slow to navigate around to get to the words or phrases you are trying to speak to be of practical use. I find myself not using it more times that using it simply because I find it cumbersome.This translator is best used to study beforehand or after a conversation but not during. The games on it are only mediocre and I rarely find myself wanting to pull it out and study or speak Spanish with its help.
Maybe I'm a complete dope, but I managed to mangle two of these boxes trying to assemble them - despite attempting to closely follow the directions printed on the box.  Once I finally got them assembled, I didn't feel like the sections lined up neatly and am wondering if over time that if that will affect the integrity of the construction.And for the life of me, I could not figure out how to secure the box with the little flaps. It wasn't until I looked at the Amazon product page and watched the little video to see that they are to be tucked inside the carrying handles that I got it.I don't know... free boxes from the liquor store seem so much easier...
I much prefer the boxes with fitted lids or the boxes with built in ties. These do not stay closed when full during movement.
I've been using Mead products for over 30 years. My husband works and volunteers in many local schools, and sees students and teachers both still using Mead products. So, I asked him to put it through the paces and let me know what he thought... we weren't impressed.If this 3-Pack is representative of the rest of Meads products, I have to ask: Why?First, here is what I like about this product:The plastic cover is durable and the back cover also seems built to last.Now, what I don't like:The lines on the paper are almost invisible. Is this some attempt to save money on ink? No wonder legible handwriting is going the way of the dinosaur.The perforations are non-existent. Seriously, I tried on several different pages to tear out the paper along the "dotted lines". Not happening. Either the entire page tore out of the spiral, or the paper itself tore. I tried removing the frayed edges after the fact, nope. Once again I ended up with a torn page.This new feature is odd. It is supposed to make it so you can use both sides of your notebook at the same time. Couple of problems: 1.) The ring binding in the middle of the notebook is still in the way. 2.) These little tabs aren't going to last. Maybe if they were made out of the plastic on the front cover and not the box board on the back.I think instead of re-inventing the wheel, Mead should go back and look at what is really important: lines you can see and pages that tear out cleanly.
Rather large for what it is. But it does work. Felt cheap and plastic like it might break easily. Squeeks in your hand as the plastic bends. Would not purchase again for sure.
I don't like being stuck behind a lectern while making a presentation.  It's just not natural to stand in a corner blockaded from students or from the people you are talking to.  So I love a good clicker and sincerely wish this one would have worked.  This had a couple of problems.I've had really good luck with Kensington products being compatible with Macs; however, this one just wouldn't stay connected. The directions included with this were woefully inadequate.  It's possible that I just never needed directions from Kensington before.The second problem is that I am not able to use the clicker reliably.  After experimenting about why this wouldn't work with my Mac, I finally got it to work by unplugging my fan and changing USB ports.  The problem is that I am not always in a position to do this.  PLUS, there's the question of whether I am willing to do this every time I need to use it.The laser pointer worked perfectly and I found that was helpful.  My husband is fond of pointing out that the human eye is much more sensitive and receptive to the color green than red.  From 550 to 600 nanometers is the peak sensitivity of the human eye in terms of the spectrum.  We identify that as slightly yellow green. The green laser may or may not be brighter than the red one.  In human vision, we see the green color more efficiently than the longest wave-lengths which are red.  I just like the green better than the standard red.Oh, and watch where you point it.  It annoys the eye as much as the red.  It takes a while to see all of the colors again.  It was not my intention to find that out.
Executive Summary - It's hard to find a use for these that other things don't do better.  And the product's flaws make it a questionable solution for things that you do use it for.These labels are fighting for space in the weakly adhesive note niche dominated by Post-It notes.  Avery's idea is to make a weakly adhesive note specialized for labels.Problem.  When you want to put a label on something, you want the label to stay there.  You can't rely on these labels to do that under normal conditions.  The part of the label on the opposite edge of the tear away tab curls up when you pull it off the pad.  Then, when you apply the label - that curled part will pull away by itself after a few minutes.  If you push it down, it pops right up again.  The adhesive is too weak to hold it down against the curl of the paper.  This happens on every surface (paper, cardboard, smooth plastic, rough plastic, painted wood) I tested except for clean glass.  This can be a problem if you have the label on a moveable item - like a file folder.  Put these labels on 10 file folders.  Lay those folders out on a desktop - move them around - let one slide over another.  Stuff you would actually do in the real world.  There's a good chance that curled up part will catch on another folder and peel right off.  Worse than useless!So you can only use these labels on things that don't move or come into contact with moving things - like sticking them on a wall or a chart.  But a Post-It note would work just as well in that situation.On the positive side, the labels are easy to write on.  When you pull them off there is no adhesive residue.  They look good.  Since they're not actually harmful, I can't give them a one star.
These labels are basically a peel off and stick product on a small note type pad.  This makes them very easy to store or kepe on desk but you have to handwrite them. Also, I found that they tend to stick together and you have to be careful peeling so you only get one.  There is also a tab at the end to tear off but often tears the label when you do so and is stubborn to remove.  I used them for some home office work and they were fine for that or if you were a student they would be easy tocarry around and label folders with but they would leave something to be desired in a professional office.
Nothing special about these labels. I find they do not adhere as well as 3M products (post-its). In addition, it is easy -- too easy -- to remove more than one label when all you wanted was one. Overall, I was not impressed and won't order this product again.
To send boxed items, I go to my word processor, type in the address, center it and make the font large, print it, fold the paper small enough to put it on the package, and then tape the heck out of it.  So I thought these self-adhesive labels would be a great alternative.  The great part is that they are self-adhesive, but it kind of ends there.  They are all the same color -- blue, in the case of the package I used.  The "from" address is in a top box and the "to" in a larger box below, but there was little to separate them and I found myself reluctant to use the "from" box for fear that the post office would get confused and send the box back to me, which would have been bad!I just think that the product could be a lot "sexier" -- bright colors that make the "to" and "from" stand out more, for example.Also, and this is picky and just silly, but I had a hard time peeling off the backing.  Turns out the label is centered on a larger piece, so you peel it off from the front not the back, if you follow me.  But I was working on the back for quite some time before I figured that out!
Ok, so I admit it. I often use postal service shipping labels that are 'technically' used for priority mailing, cut them down (to take off the reference to 'priority') and use them for standard mailing of items. So, I guess feeling guilty that I was 'stealing', when I saw these shipping labels on Amazon, I scapped them up in a heartbeat. Unfortunately, I find these labels too small for my taste. In order for me to handwrite my return address and shipping address (and with a son in the military overseas there are 5 lines of address I need to enter), I found the labels inadequate. Perhaps if I had a really tiny handwriting, or if I was able to some how type labels (where are the oldfashioned typewriters when you really need them?), they would work fine. But for my use, I don't like them and would not purchase them in the future.Glue seems adequate, so I am sure they hold fine, it's the size that is no good for my shipping.
These are your basic, file folder, self-stick labels, designed for 1/3 tab file folders. (Where the tab is a third the size of the folder itself--these labels are a full three inches long.) I find most of my folders have smaller tabs, so these are often overly large and need to be cut down to work, thereby eliminating any benefit from the notepad form factor of the labels, designed for ease-of-use and hassle-free storage.While, it's true you might not loose this "pad" of labels in your desk drawer as easily as standard, loose sheet labels, if they're not the size you need, they're pretty useless.
I wanted to love this item, it looks so nice, clean and easy to care for. I followed the instructions and placed the magnets on the back but they don't hold well at all, the things wants to slide down the fridge. It needs stronger magnets or at the very least larger ones. I don't know yet what to do with this since it wants to fall off all the time. I like it and want to use it. Guess I have to find some more magnets but then they have to stick out as far as the other ones to make contact which might be hard to do since the sticky pads are just that little pads that make it stand out from the fridge a little.
I'm going along with the many other reviewers out there who feel a little confused & misled by this product name. You don't get $45 in postage without signing up for paid subscription services, and the benefits don't really ever kick in for the casual postal customer.In order to enjoy real savings (in both time & money) from this kit, you'll need to be the type of person who sends out letters and parcels frequently -- small business owner, online storefront, secretary (?), etc.As for me, I think I'll stick with using the post office. A paper slip asking me to sign up for some online services isn't really what I'd consider a worthy buy.
Despite the fact that the description says it "Includes $45 in Postage" you really only get $5 in free postage that you must use during the 30 day introductory period.  After that, you must subscribe to an $18/month service, after which you will receive the other $40 in free postage.$18/month requires you to use a lot of postage to make this even remotely worthwhile.  Most of this stuff can easily be done over the internet and using Word and labels.The included labels are fine and the software has a nice interface.  It didn't seem to do any damage to my computer.I cannot recommend this because it is misleading, requires subscription to an overpriced service, and I think that if you go to the offer through the Stamp website, you get a much better offer.
This is one of those products that adds to my general distrust of marketers. On the surface, it's a pretty nice package--software and labels that allow you to buy postage online and print it at home or at the office. I would consider the value of those items negligible, however, since the real "benefit" of buying this kit (as opposed to downloading the software for free from [...]) is that you get $45 in "free" postage when you sign up for an account. Hidden in the fine print, however, is the caveat that the "free" postage is doled out over a period of months and you have to have a paid account with stamps.com in order to receive it. Although the sellers meet the technical requirement of disclosure, their packaging leaves a lot to be desired from a clarity standpoint. Save yourself the trouble--if you just want to print postage at home, go to USPS and cut out he middleman (and the hassle).
Even though it is a good product, the title is misleading since you actually get only USD 5 worth of postage - 45 on the package is only on subscription.It would probably be more easier to print labels off from post office website.
My rating was lowered from four stars to two stars after I had to add update number 2.  Definitely pass on this one.This is a large unit.  I use it in an elementary classroom.  The sharpener dials to fit six different pencil sizes which is very convenient for the classroom.  It has an adequate shaving recepticle and is easily emptied.  (I also use the  Stanley Bostitch QuietSharp Executive in the classroom. That unit is more quiet than this one is and it is smaller. It does not handle varied sizes and that recepticle is quite small.)  The Swingline unit is very easy for the children to use and we do not have problems with jamming--I stopped using electric sharpeners in the classroom for several years because of jamming.  The swingline sharpens pencils smoothly as well.UPDATE #1:After using this a bit longer in the classroom I feel the need to update the review. The sharpener jams up and stops working. Sometimes leaving it idle for a short time is enough and we can then sharpen a few pencils but other times we go for days with it not working. Although this is in a classroom it does not get heavy use as we have more than shaprener in the room. It seems that the sensor for activating the sharpener is really faulty.UPDATE #2: this sharpener tends to implement the safety that prevents it from "overheating" a bit too readily.  After two pencils being sharpened, it often shuts down.  Although it has various openings, it also is a bit "touchy" about how the pencil is inserted.  My original rating is 4 stars but I think I would have to reduce that to 3 stars.  I find my cheaper units to be more reliable.A custodian knocked the unit onto the floor and the black plastic around the opening cracked. If the plastic is held just right it will partially sharpen still.  I think it is disappointing that the motor is OK but a crack in the housing prevents us from still using this unit.
With Christmas in full swing at my house, I looked to these new post-it labels to help me label all of my storage totes.  I have a dozen or so rubbermaid containers that have previously resisted labeling.  Other than clear packing tape (with printed notes underneath), no label solution that I've tried has worked.  Generally, the label will peel off after a month or two.Since it isn't yet time to pack up for Christmas, I made four "test" labels using my new post-it "super sticky" labels and attached them to four different rubbermaid containers.  Unfortunately, within 24 hours, three out of four of these labels had curled and fallen off of the rubbermaid and were sitting on my garage floor.  They clearly do not work at all with rubbermaid totes which is all that I own.  That alone would probably earn a 3-star review but I find the slender non-sticky area that is meant to help you peel off a new sticker to be very hard to manipulate.  My big hands had to fight to isolate a single sticky note to peel off.While I LOVE post-it notes and consider them to be the best office product of all time, I cannot recommend this product.
I couldn't get the labels apart, the entire back is sticky and there's suppose to be a line that isn't so you can easily separate the labels.  Mine apparently either didn't have this non-sticky area or the black line didn't line up because I had to get a razor blade to separate the labels.  In addition, I used on my totes in the barn to label a few Christmas items and within days they had fallen off.  Also, I used in the refrigerator, they stuck to the glass jars but did not stick to my tupperware plastic.  Again, within days they curled and fell off.  Not a very reliable product yet, needs some more fine tuning.
These label pads are like post it notes but with the whole back being sticky.So, the trick is, how do you get one label off the pad?  The designers added a black ink dotted line, and the paper is not sticky to one side of that line, so you can pull it off there.Then if you want to get rid of the dotted black line, there is a perforated line that you can tear along.  The problem is that they are not aligned, and the edge comes out looking messy.The design of these labels could be much better, as in leaving one corner without stick, and a dot on the back side so you could tell which corner it was.With the design as it is, your fingers smudge the sticky back as you try to get the perforated section off.
I primarily wanted these to label yearly collections of income tax files in a filing drawer.  I wanted the bold year to stand out on the bright label and these bright colors worked great for that purpose.  They printed out very crisp and clean, no smudging, which was a good start.  I thought the fact they were removable would be a useful thing, but it proved to be annoying trying to get the label to stay where I wanted it on the folders once they were positioned where they were to stay.  Before a month's time in the storage file drawer, and without even much handling, the labels had begun to curl at the topmost edge, eventually looking ragged and sloppy.  I will have to return to my non-removable labels and let the kids play with this set.  Sorry, Post-It, I can't recommend this product.
I was unimpressed with this product.  The labels are certainly removable but they are not sticky enough.  They do not adhere all that well with the first placement, let alone repositioning them elsewhere.  If you only want labels for a very temporary job and don't plan on reusing them, these would be a satisfactory choice.  I used them on file folders and regular paper.  Their impact on file folders was poor and on regular paper they were only OK.
I decided to be creative and try our the neon colored laser labels, but looking at them it still smacked me in the face, screaming "unprofessional", and too chaotic to help me organize items.  The labels themselves are great, the colors are just not for me.  The standard white labels are fantastic and these are easy to use, and if your preference is for bold colors then this product is for you,  it's just not something I prefer.
I run 2 at home businesses and create person media often.  In the last 4 years, I've tried many brands and have come to depend on Avery brand labels.  Avery uses high quality paper with strong adhesives that work well with home printers.When I found these 3M labels, I decided to give them a try.  Immediately, I noticed that the paper was much thinner than Avery.  So thin that the "3M" logo printed on the back of the non-sticky paper was clearly visible through the sticky labels.  Since I often cover up other text with white labels, labels this thin are very disappointing.The glue on these 3M labels works great.  3M is well-known for their adhesives.  These labels are no exception.Recently, Avery has released labels in which the paper is perforated to easily fold back, exposing the ends of the sticky labels.  This makes peeling off label exceptionally easy.  3M tried a similar tactic with these address labels, however only got it half right.  3M labels have a borderless side that makes the label edge visible, however the lack of perforations makes removing a 3M label as difficult as traditional stamped label types.  Because the paper at the borderless edge is so thin and flimsy, it is very difficult to get the label edge to pop off the paper.  Surprisingly, the label side with the border is much easier to peel off than the borderless side.After testing 3M labels, I am even more confident in the Avery brand.
It feels thin and cheap. Using it over existing text does not cover the existing text. You can still see the text underneath. Otherwise, nothing special.
These are labels designed to be used in laser and inkjet printers. Their size,  inch by 1 and  inches, makes them appropriate for small return mailing labels, small object labels, and so on.I will say outright that I did not try them in my printer. The layout of the labels seemed quite odd to me after having used printer labels for quite some time. The label columns were separated vertically by open spaces of the waxed-paper like backing, which seemed to me would drastically increase the chances of jamming the printer. The labels seemed more likely to peel off easily in the printing process, and I was unwilling to risk wasting my time on a printer jam.The paper surface of the labels seems okay, and held writing in ink and permanent marker as well as any such label I have used.These are not labels which I will use again. I think there are just too many flaws.
Everyone loves Post-Its, but these labels are only marginally adequate.PROS:- You can print on them and they will stick to some things, like paper.CONS:- They are 3 7/16" long, which is too large for many folders.- The Post-It template for the labels is poor, though an Avery equivalent is available.- If you use the labels on anything but a folder-like surface, the adhesive is weak and the labels tend to curl.If you have a specific need for labels this size and plan to use them only as intended, on folders, then they're fine. Otherwise there are many superior options.
I use many labels like these by another brand but they are not the kind you can print on. I use them on a retail product (artwork framed and in mylar sleeves) as price labels color coded by size. I have always had to hand write on my labels they are not inkjet able and I wanted a more professional price tag. I was hoping these would be the answer but after an hour of trying to get a template to come up I gave up. The Post-it site says the product number is not valid yet it is pictured on the website with the same template number on the package, when you click on get a template it is not there. I tried both ways to get a template that was shown on the instructions and I had no luck. So, as far as printing a professional looking price label I am very disappointed and frustrated with this product. Yes, I can still write on them as I have always done before but I'm not sure they will stick on long term. They are not as sticky as the labels I was using and I am not sure they will stay on my mylar and glass applications for a long period of time which can make inventory a nightmare, only time will tell. I will test them for stick duration on a couple of pieces and let you know if they stay on long term. Maybe the template  issue will be resolved by then.
These stick very well to the file folders.  They do tend to peel after time (a few weeks).  They also are difficult to write on with a simple ball point pen.  I found them to be seemingly easy to use, but not as reliable as the old style slide-in tabs.  They are very green because they do allow you to reuse the same folders, so in that way, they are cost effective.
I actually hurt myself trying to close the pocket up again after putting a CD in it. I gave myself a little cut, trying to force the edge of the enclosure back into the pocket. I also thought the color was a little dark for reading through. The pocket did easily stick and re-stick when I tried it in different places and positions.
I suppose when they said that these NoteTabs are repositionable they didn't think people might actually want them to stick to something in the first place.  The ones I received did not stick very well to the surface to which I'd tried to adhere them, staying on for less than a day before peeling partly off.  They'd be wonderfully useful if they stayed on when they should and were able to be taken off and reused, but these are not worth the purchase.
I've used several of the NoteTabs products and this, so far, is my least favorite.  It is durable and well made, like the other products, but it isn't as flexible in how you use it.  The opaque tab means that it really can only be used to mark the edge of the paper, but the smaller tab makes more sense for this purpose.  If you want to add a note to the page it makes more sense to use the NoteTabs without the tab, since you can place that on the page anywhere.So far I have only used this one to mark a page as I work through the book.  I can't say that it is completely useless, or anything like that.  But for my purposes, it is not very useful.  I do like the other NoteTabs products, though.
I tried playing around with these tabs, and even tried thinking of other uses because I truly like Avery products.  But this fell flat.  Yes, it is durable.  And yes, you can see through it.  But why would you need it?  If you want to return a text book to save money, are you really going to spend extra money for plastic note tabs when you can buy several hundred paper ones for the same price?My advice, stick with the other product.
These wide plastic tabs have a translucent writable surface to jot down a few notes. (I recommend pencil. Pen works, but being plastic, the ink will remain wet and can come off on the opposite page.) The concept, is that you might write down notes on a page of interest, or modifications to a recipe.  But, in the case of notes, I'd prefer recylable paper post-it notes, and in the case of a recipe, it is unlikely that the translucent surface will be where you want it.  The long, sticky surface is scored and can be torn into smaller pieces for placement about the page which might take care of that issue - but they heavy thickness of the plastic makes them awkward for that.  (The score marks also allow them to be used in books with narrower pages.)Being wide and sticky, you want to roll them down onto the page to avoid a pinched page that will wrinkle when the book is closed.A big flaw with these is that the blank tab surface is only writable on one side of the tab. This limits their usage to being all on the right (top) side of a book or all on the left (bottom)  so that the writable tab surfaces all face in the same direction.I like the idea of movable book tabs, but find the small tab-only 2" x 1.5" Avery product generally more useful.
These NoteTabs are the length and width of a shopping list note pad except that they have several perforated sections, are made of a clear see-through plastic-like material, and have a tab on top.Except for the tab part (which looks like the tab on a binder divider), the rest of the sheet has a "post-it type" sticky background so that you can stick the entire length of the NoteTab to your book or item. You can also separate the perforated sections and stick them other places on the page or use them separately elsewhere.These NoteTabs appear to have a limited use.  The tab is good for marking sections of a document or book that you want to get to quickly; so it acts like a binder divider.  You can also write on that tab easily with a pen or marker.  However, the see-through sections should be written on with a marker because it's hard to write on them with a pen.  I found these sections to be good for highlighting over an area of a book with a highlighter.  For instance, if you borrowed someone's book and didn't want to mark it up, you could easily stick these clear sections to a portion of a page and then use your highlighter to highlight over the clear plastic.  You can then remove the NoteTabs without leaving any residue and reuse them if you didn't write on them or highlight over them.Other than highlighting over sections of text or using the top portion with the tab to act like binder dividers in a book, I honestly see no useful purpose for these NoteTabs. This product is certainly not something I have use for.
Mr. McGuire: Are you listening?Benjamin: Yes, I am.Mr. McGuire: "Plastics".Ever heard of the "Great Pacific Garbage Patch"? It's a swirling gyre of marinelitter in the central North Pacific Ocean estimated to be twice the size ofTexas. It is said that plastic makes up about 90 percent of all trash floatingin the world's oceans. Sooner or later it seems, even the most innocent ofnon-degradable items has a pretty good chance of ending up down there, chokingmarine life and pretty well destroying the food chain.I typically love office supplies, but at first I found this product a littlepuzzling- if someone just handed me one I would probably come up with a use forit, but probably not the one for which it was intended. Here we have 3" X7"sheets of translucent plastic, thick like a cover sheet- the top has an indextab, below it three perforations separate the sheet into 2 X 3" rectangles.From the illustration on the package, I learn you can place these over a printedpage and make notes on it. I can't see a use for these in my world or work atthe moment, I seem to have discovered a bit of stationery for which I can'tjustify purchasing or using. I realize they would be intended to make a commentin a book or paper without leaving any permanent marks, but I have been usingregular sticky notes for that for years, primarily to point out passages inbooks or magazines.. I can see these would be of use if you do a lot of in-printediting, at the moment most all of my work is online and only sharedelectronically.I bet if I hang on to these I will devise another off-label use, but at themoment they go into the bottom drawer... while this is a sturdy and well-madeproduct, at some point we have to say, "do we really need more little pieces ofplastic in our lives?"So, four stars because they are of typical Avery high quality, but one star forbeing something we should live without.
This is a hard review to write, but this product has a number of people in my office, including myself, baffled.  I have tried other Avery Pocket Tab products - which are pockets that stick to file folders, etc, and have a tab of their own that one can write on, and think they are nifty.  But this? Not so much so.The Note Tabs are approximately 7.5" in length and they are serrated, so you can easily adjust their size - we get that.  But the illustrations on the package show the tabs and the plastic sections being used separated or together.  I can understand using the tabs by themselves, but the frosted plastic sections, alone?  You can use a highlighter on the surface - it takes about 15 seconds to dry so it doesn't smear - but my package didn't include that information.  You can peel the plastic sections off the page and in the short term it doesn't lift the printing underneath, but I have no idea what it would be like trying to pull these off after a month or even a year.I can't recommend this product because I can't make an argument for its use other than to make a quick tab on something.  There are better options that are probably cheaper.  I don't think that this product is going to be as popular as the others in their new series of products.
Avery had a great idea withAvery NoteTabs, 3 x 3.5 Inches, Cool Green, 20 per pack (16329), and then ruined it.Even though I like most Avery products, I didn't like this design. The perforated edges leave marks on the pages, if you do choose to shorten them.
The concept of the product is good...a clear, tabbed pouch with a closing envelope-type flap.  However, it should be noted that these are self-adhesive.  A product improvement would be it make these with holes for placing in a binder.Perhaps more importantly, the closure is hard to use.  It is inserting 2 plastic tabs up and into 2 slots on the envelope.  It can be done, but not quickly.They appear to be durable, but since they are difficult to close, I would not buy this product.
I went to the Avery site looking for a template.  Not to ship from Ebay,  just something for myself.  All of the templates are for Microsoft Office.  I don't use Office on my Mac, and Pages would not load the templates.  So, if I want to use these I'd have to fire up a Windows machine with Office, but at these prices I'd not want to do that very often.
I've got a PaperPro stapler at my desk that I love. It is comfortable in my hand, so easy to close/staple and my boss keeps stealing it and leaving it upright in odd places.  So when I saw this upright PaperPro stapler I thought maybe he would steal that one instead or that I would like this one better since it is smaller and takes up less space.Nope. My boss still steals my other one.  This little blue one works ok but it isn't as easy to close as the bigger one and feels kind of small in my medium-sized female hand.  It also takes full-sized staples but only half a sleeve at a time so if I don't break the staples exactly right I get a mess of smaller bunches.
I got this and the Evo at the same time.  Even though they are about the same size, the Evo is much better made.The spring assist is nice to have and this stapler will nicely push through a pack of paper.  But, the one I got is slightly out of line.  It isn't as smooth as it should be, and it tends to jam.  I have to be careful when using it.Be sure to read the instructions on the box for how to change staples - it isn't at all intuitive.  The concept of this, a stapler you squeeze and store vertically on your desk is nice, but it would be better to make one that is a bit more carefully constructed.
Printers like this give Kodak a bad name in my opinion.  Here's why:- The color print quality is horrible.  It doesn't matter if I print from the computer or scan and copy from the unit itself, and it doesn't matter if I print on copy paper or high-quality photo paper.  No matter what, colors are washed out and dull looking.  I even tried adjusting the colors of some of the photos on the computer first, but they still look washed out when printed.- The unit is loud, looks cheap, and feels cheap.- You can't print or copy in black and white if your color cartridge is empty!  That's just insane.  Shame on you, Kodak.If I can say two nice things about this printer (they don't make up for the above problems though):- The speed is OK (not great, not horrible)- It seems to have a great wireless detection range.  It picks up network IDs in my neighborhood that none of my other devices do.As of the time of this review, I'd say this printer should be around $40-45 and no more.
Okay, start with a printer that doesn't use a standard USB connector (U means universal, Kodak, what part of that don't you understand?)  Then missing at the unusually high price are an automatic document feeder and fax and the ability to scan larger items like books.  Add a pretty dated design and some seriously cheap plastic parts.  What do you have?  A name that is barely known in the printer business compared to the grandaddies HP, Epson and Canon (remember those names in inkjet printers that are long gone like Xerox?)So what about its so-called major virtue, cheap ink?  First off I would have to balance that against the price of the printer, which is almost 3x what I can get one of the big 3 (four if you count Lexmark).  Will I make up that difference?  I haven't had this long enough to find out.  And then there's that universal warning about worrying about the cost of ink cartridges for your printer ... it's not how much the cartridge costs, but how many pages you will get out of the cartridge.  Again, I haven't had the Kodak long enough to compare.  I will try to update this review once I know.Other than that, Kodak is a known and trusted name and the printer is functional.  If you buy one you will probably find it does about as good a job as any other brand.  Printers are a commodity anymore, they're all good.  I would make just one final observation.  Inkjet printers ALL cost a lot to operate, even for black-only text.  Your best bet is to own two printers ... a laser for 85% of what you will ever print, and an inkjet for the rare times you really need color.  And of course for printing photos, if you really do that.  And if you do, if you really print photos, do NOT buy a cheap inkjet.  Get a quality photo printer and enjoy the art of digital photography.
This item is a disappointment.  I suppose a traveler might use it for tickets, itineraries, hotel bills and maps, but I wouldn't.  Might work for frequent work-related travel, but if I bought it in anticipation of an upcoming vacation, I would be disappointed.  I can see, however, adapting it for other purposes, like sorting sandpaper as another reviewer suggested.  The top and one side are both open, so items aren't secure, although removal would be easier I suppose.  I might like it more if it were three hole punched.  I can imagine using this product in a notebook, like my church treasurer's notebook, where some items (like credit cards) need to be held securely, and others, like our tax exempt documents, need to be stored but kept readily accessible.  Anyway, this might be handy for a regular business traveler who carries it in his/her briefcase.  Don't buy it, however, if you need something to organize your travel documents for your leisure travel.  It will not be helpful in that regard.
When these showed up I thought they only sent me one folder but these are so thin both were there.The plastic film they are made of seems to be a bit thin and im not sure how long they will last.Its a good design but cheaply made.The price of them is to high also.I can see maybe six dollars but no higher.
I cannot understand why we need to re-invent the good old fashioned notebook binder. Although Pendaflex has produced some excellent office and home filing products, I don't see a need for this.First of all, it's not a real notebook where you can secure your messy paperwork.  The premise is a binder with plastic inserts that will "slide" into the base of the binder for securing.  The binder constructed of hard plastic and you have an inside pocket, however, the plastic pocket is not durable, therefore you can see it will tear soon.  To attach the inserts, there are about 5-6 slots.  The attachments are easy enough to dislodge from the binder if needed.  There is a slot on the outside of the notebook for labeling.You will get an envelope with string attaching it closed.  On the outside is a smaller pocket with a flap.  This is hard plastic, not easy to get in and out of.  Then you have another item that is geared to hold maybe flash drives, and cds.  It includes two slots for CDs and two for smaller drives.  Do students still use the CDs for transferring data?Then you have the two secure file folders and they are geared for simply putting loose sheets into.  A string secures the closure of these files.  And, last there is a Clipboard, sturdy enough for its purpose.  Note the contraption that holds the paper does not spring open like a normal clipboard.  One can only "slip in" a paper, maybe two sheets at a time.I have used notebooks and discovered available pockets and doodads for carrying your smaller stuff.  This is cumbersome, not comfortable.  And I believe you will find that it won't work!!  Again, I know at times we have reinvented the wheel, but why the notebook?  .......Rizzo
My first thought when I opened the box was, "Wow.  This looks nothing like its picture."  The plastic notebook looked cheap, and I'm not sure how long those inserts would last if used often.  But that said, they hold materials well.  Each binder can hold only so many inserts, unlike a 3-ring binder of the same width.  Yet they are easy to insert and remove, and much quieter (and with less hazards), but you have to ensure that the red tab is pushed in all the way or the inserts will fall out if the binder is ever dropped.  Overall, I cannot recommend this product, particularly at what I consider to be a very high price for a glorified plastic binder.
I've read & re-read this product's description and have taken the inserts in & out of the binder.  I cannot think of one good use, business or personal, that I'd have for this thing.Is it an Organizer?Sort of.  There are inserts that allow you to store CDs, SDs and other objects.  The inserts have different pockets and holders of varying sizes to hold stuff.  The inserts that hold paper are interesting, but I'm not too sure how practical they are (2 pieces of plastic, which are see-through, sandwich loose paper & then black elastic hold the plastic pages in place).  The clipboard barely holds one piece of paper.Is it a Management System?Sort of.  It depends upon what you want to manage.  If you want to manage items that these inserts are made for, then you are in luck.  However, the 2-1/2" binder will only hold 8 inserts, so you won't be able to "manage" much.CONS:1.  This "system" binder is not a planner, nor is it something that you can combine with a planner into one notebook.  Because the Pendaflex system has its own channel strip lock to hold its inserts, you cannot insert anything (other than into the front flap) that is non Pendaflex.2.  This "system" binder is not low profile.  The plastic binder has a 2-1/2" spine.3.  This "system" binder is made of hard plastic (called Flex Poly).  It is an attractive cover, but it is plastic nonetheless.PROS:1.  The "system" binder is attractive with kind of a industrial mesh look.2.  If this type of "system" binder fits your needs, then it may be a nice tool to have for your business.I would not purchase this system binder because (1) I do not have a use for this type of management system where there is not space for an actual paper presentation (book format), (2) there are other inserts available for presentation binders that are more user friendly (ie, you can insert CD pages, photo pages, and regular report pages that are printer printed), and (3) it is a large & bulky binder.If this "system" binder had a way to combine with a paper planning system & if the cover were not so "plastic-y", I probably would change my rating and my feelings about the product.  The way it is set up is too narrow with no way to get creative because of the proprietary locking system.  Too bad.
One reviewer said the binder was 3 inches thick and another said 2 1/2, so I measured it, and got... 2 3/4 inches. Anyway, it's big for what it is. Takes up a lot of shelf space. That's the first drawback, considering I can't see using it for any big projects.On the plus side, it's an attractive-looking thing, with a textured design and a neat elastic closure. The label they include for you to write the name of your project on the binder could have been something more decent-looking, but whatever.The other plus is the locking system itself, which is just kind of cool. I feel modern and hip using it. Once you put a folder in, it certainly does feel secure, as opposed to folders in a 3-ring binder that can tear (and reinforcements have proven useless on folders).But as for the actual usefulness of this system, I'm just not sure. With only eight slots for folders (each with different functions), you have to have a strong idea of exactly what you're going to need for your project before you use it. You can't add to it beyond those eight folders.My "I-Organize Envelope" arrived with a permanent crease in its "spine" that causes it to remain distortedly open, and the clipboard is utterly useless. The clip doesn't open and close-- you just have to attempt to jam a page or two of paper in there. But that's all.I'm not sure why the "Secure File Folder" was designed the way it was-- you have to open two sides of an elastic, then open the folder itself and page through whatever's in there. I would think that the traditional type of folder (where you thumb through things on top) would have been a much more effective start, then the designer could have added an elastic or other security flap on top so things won't fall out.Beyond the first one, the folders won't lie flat well when the binder is open, either.But the main problem for me is that there's no easy way to take notes here-- there certainly should be a way to integrate a pad of paper or a three-ring mini-binder, which would turn this from a showpiece into something actually useful. As it stands, all I can see here is something you'd bring along to a meeting to impress somebody with how modern and organized you are. To me, it's not worth that kind of space.
I'm crazy for file folders and neat organizational tools.  I am disappointed in this pendaflex system though, as it doesn't seem to be all that useful.  Basically, it is a rather flimsy notebook which has several clear plastic inserts which can be added or removed by sliding them into the inner "spine".  The notebook has room for eight of these inserts, though my kit cam with only five : a clipboard, two open folders with elastics to hold the documents, a large envelope, and a pocketed media file.  The page inserts tend to fall out, and the clipboard is flimsy and doesn't actually have a "clip" that opens- you need to slide a sheet of paper under the clip.
I am not overly impressed with this product.  My first impression was that of cheaply made plasticky construction. For $30.00 I would hope for more in that regard.The unit also seems rather large and bulky for the amount of function I got out of it.  I ended up using it to hold various electronics manuals and backup discs for my computer system.  I did seem to have a cool way of holding folders in place, but I didn't need to use that for what I was doing with it. Getting items in and out of the various storage options is cumbersome and I felt i could do almost as well with a cardboard box.  Honestly, I would look elsewhere if you had a large project to organize and needed to keep expanding your storage of related materials.  Overcomplicated, bulky and cheaply made means I would have most likely asked for a refund if I hadn't received this through the Vine program.
I was hoping the Pendaflex I.Organize system would pack a little more of a punch, considering the way it's described. Don't be fooled, this is not a very high quality "Project Management System." It's functional if you have a small project you need to get organized, or if you just need to file some documents related to a specific purpose (i.e. taxes, job). If you need it for any more than that, however, you're going to be out of luck. It's a rather flimsy binder, and the filing pages aren't much better. As for the so called "clipboard," I'm sure that if you have kids, you could find a higher quality clipboard somewhere in their toy box. In the end, if you have a few documents, notes, and/or CD's you need to file away, this will function decent enough, but if you need it for more than that you should probably look elsewhere at higher quality filing systems.
I expected a lot from the Pendaflex brand but it failed in execution.First, the slide and lock system works great but you are very limited to as to space- only 8 slots. For a two-inch binder, that doesn't cut it for me. I need to be able to store a whole lot more than just eight sheets worth. And I'm not going to waste the bookshelf space on a two inch binder that doesn't hold much.The clipboard is too flimsy and small to hold a real pad of paper.The pocket space is great but there is no place to keep a pen.The price is far too steep for the cheap plastic of the binder.
As an educator I have seen many forms of math workbooks. This one does not pass for teaching mathematics. This workbook, Number Stories by Mead, is a "learning numbers" workbook. They cover writing numbers with fun little rhyms to help student remember how to form them, move forward into counting, and then have cut out manipulatives to use in the mathematical problem solving part. This book lacks the coverage of basic concepts such as adding on, why 5 = * * * * *, and completely skips addition, moving stright into abstract subtraction. Not a good mathematics program, but a good way to practice writing numbers and counting to 10. I would recommend this one for preschool to kindergarten, certainly NOT first or second grade.
Another ho-hum for pre-arithmetic.All the early writer number books I've seen have these little stories to remember how to make the numbers.  In every book I've seen the stories are not helpful because they are little poems that take way longer to say than it takes to make the letters. Plus some of them are so sappy I'm embarrassed even in front of a pre-schooler.The pages are kind of boring and have way too many repeats for the targeted age level.  If you have a child that likes drill, maybe OK.All three of my children (who have perhaps a 100 point IQ spread so this can't be about too hard or too easy) would be in tears over this kind of assignment.  (Well not my middle one, she'd just draw a different picture in each of the boxes)I could be prejudiced about this because I happen to know the "real" number stories that I learned by, which are the right length and easy to remember.  I just use them whatever method I buy.I'd planned on listing them here, but it occurs to me that perhaps my mother made them up in which case she should write a book. I'll get back to you on this.
I like that pads themselves.  The quality is very good, and I appreciate that they are recycled.  Unfortunately, I think this product is way too expensive.  Right now, the price is over a dollar a pad, and they aren't even full-size pads.  The pads in this set only have 75 sheets, compared to typical post it notes with 100 sheets per pad.  The use of, most likely, chemical dyes offsets any environmental value.  I say most likely because the packaging doesn't mention the dying process, but I think it is fair to assume that if the dyes were environmentally friendly it would have been mentioned on the package.  So, ultimately, you are not really benefiting the environment by using these, which makes it a waste of money.
I work from home and I'm a huge office items junkie (I love buying folders, pushpins, paperclips, etc).I feel I can never have too many binders nor too many divider/sheet protectors, etc.That being said, this item was a huge fizzle.This doesn't come with the little &#34;write on&#34; tabs that slide into the view tabs.For everyday binder use, I wouldn't recommend this.For one &#34;knock your socks off presentation&#34; perhaps- EXCEPT, a regular size copy paper 8 1/2 x 11 doesn't fit into the title page holder.I find it's just too much work when (for me) the old fashioned write on your own label dividers works really well - especially when I use my binders daily and flip back and forth.
Although this chair was extremely easy to assemble with no instructions but simple pictures, I was terribly disappointed in that the back of the chair can not be adjusted to lean back.  I need to lean back at around 110 degrees and this particular Hon Ignition Chair will not lean back at all from it's factory made position though it is advertised to have "Tilt with tension control and tilt lock".  If someone has figured out how to get it to tilt back, please let me know and I'll gladly adjust this review.  The height of the back can be adjusted by pulling up on the back of the chair, but that does nothing as far as lean.  Also, the seat is way too short for long-legged people.  I have long leg bones from my hips to my knees and the chair seat comes right at about half-way between. I feel as if I'm about to fall forward, especially since I can't tilt it back.  My legs get very tired after only a few minutes.I really worked with this chair trying to figure out how to get the back to lean backwards and have come to the disappointing conclusion that this model doesn't offer that luxury.  There is this big, black knob on the bottom that I turned and turned in both directions until it came to a stop, and despite mine and my husband's efforts to see what it's purpose was apparently there isn't any.  I was hoping it was to adjust the lean of the back but it did nothing though we turned it as far as we could both ways, even while one of us sat in the chair leaning hard against the back trying to get it tilt.  Absolutely NO instructions on how to use this chair comes with it.  You are on your own to figure it out.It does have adjustable arm rests which can be adjusted for both height and width, and the chair raises and lowers very easily by depressing a lever underneath it.  And the back height can be raised and lowered and clicks can be heard while doing so.  The fabric is a deep, rich and durable black fabric, and it rolls around very easily.  However, despite the lovely color, ease of assembly (even the wheels were easy to insert into the base) and rollability and ease of swivel, I can't use this chair.  If you need a particular angle for your back (as I do) then I suggest this Hon chair: Hon Ignition Work Chair With Arrondi Carob Fabric Seat, as it is VERY adjustable and extremely comfortable.  It costs more, but I can see why.Sorry I couldn't rave about this chair, but if you are short, and like to sit straight up then this chair should be just right.
This heated/cooled footrest is a really interesting idea.  I thought it would be great for my desk, because it seemed like a nice way to gently skirt my company's "no space heaters" policy.So I'll start with what makes this footrest completely unusable for me:  it's too tall for a guy my height.I'm not a super tall guy--just a tad over six feet tall.  I currently have a footrest under my desk so that I can vary my posture throughout the day.  I typically adjust my chair height once or twice a day just to mix things up and I sometimes use my footrest and sometimes don't.  I also apply pressure to the footrest to adjust the tilt.  I do all of this to create a little variety for my posture and avoid sitting in the exact same position all day long.This strategy won't work for me with this footrest.  First of all, this footrest is very tall.  The motor, heater, and fan add bulk to the bottom of the footrest, so it stands at least an inch taller than the one I currently use (which puts it almost 3" off the floor).  Additionally, the angle doesn't adjust easily.  There are little legs that can be extended in the front and back (kind of like the ones on the bottom of most keyboards).  That's helpful, but not as nice as a tension adjustment that can be tilted by just rocking the surface forward or backward.As for the cooling/heating mechanism itself...  It's nice and not very loud, but it's really underdone.  The ventilated surface is too small to be very effective.  Unless you keep your feet together, which most folks don't, you can only heat/cool one foot at a time, which is pretty annoying.The power cord is also pretty short.  You'll need an extension cord if you don't have an outlet within three feet of your feet.One thing they did right was to put the controls on the front surface of the footrest.  There's a rocker switch that most people can probably control with their foot to turn it on and off.  Then there's a three-position knob for switching from fan, to warm, to warmer.  That's nice, because most of us don't want to have to crawl under the desk very often.  I'd hate to disturb all the dust bunnies under my desk by crawling around to turn the fan off and on.So this footrest isn't a winner for me.  My wife tried it out and she seemed to think that it was more workable for her 5'7" body.  We'll see.
I was really eager to get this footrest unit under my desk and try it out.  Admittedly, I have terrible posture.  When I work at a desk all day, my body compresses in on itself leaving me with the most horrendous headaches.  So any product that hints at relief is something that I'm willing to try.However, I just don't think I appreciate the advantages of the product.  It is so high off the ground, it feels more awkward then I had anticipated.  You can do some adjustments, with effort, on the angle and tilt--but on height, you are stuck with the limitations of the product.  I'd have liked the unit to have some give so that my feet might be able to manipulate it into a more beneficial position--but it's a big process to make slight and barely noticeable changes.  Trust me, it's done nothing for my posture and I weary of it soon enough--kicking it out of the way after a short while.  The surface is hard plastic and not particularly comfortable if you take your shoes off.  Looking at the picture, it appeared more rubberized (hey, rubber with a little massage action, that sounds nice, maybe that's what I want!).And lastly, there is the heating and ventilation component.  Listen, I don't mind crawling on the ground to turn the settings but some might.  The unit, itself, is plenty large enough--but due to design, only the middle part is connected to the air flow.  So to even take advantage of this, you must press your feet together in the center as opposed to sitting in your own comfort zone.An intriguing idea that suffers from fairly poor execution.  While I may have gotten this product free to review, it is also something an idiot like me might have bought free and clear.  I am the target market for these completely extraneous electronics, and I'm afraid I just don't get this one.
Of course, the footrest is not very expensive, but even I thought it would last longer than a few uses.  It is taller than one might think and I believe it got kicked more than it should.  Nevertheless, the fan is the problem.  It doesn't work.  I can't recommend this, sorry.
Ok, I spend a lot of time at my computer both at work and home.  Footrests help with lower back pain (most people).  What about a footrest with a fan?The fan is mostly a gimmick.  The unit I received pushed very little air so as to be of limited value in cooling off your feet.  This appears to be a design problem since the fan is in the center of the footrest (between the feet).  However, the heat function worked as indicated though it smelled for the first few hours (coated heating element?). The footrest itself sits high off the ground with very minimal adjustments.  The build quality seems very solid however and the nobby surface feels good if you take your shoes off.The major problem I have is that of other reviewers. I cannot get my knees under the desk when using this footrest.  Not sure if this is an issue with all footrests since this is my first try at using one.  Even after a number of tries, it is awkward at best. I am only 5'11" so I am not sure why this is an issue.This might be a buy in the $15 range.  At the current price, I would stay away.
The object of this device is ergonomic relief -- in that realm it didn't work for me. I found it uncomfortable.As for the fan and so on, again I didn't find it useful. It got about a four-hour trial and then I pulled it from under the desk after my back began to tweak. A friend tried it with the same results.The quality seems okay -- I think its durability indicates that it would last a good while. So if it works for someone else then I suppose that's a good thing.However, I can't recommend it.
For maybe 15 years I have been using the same footrest under my workstations.  It's the tube kind with the board covered in some kind of vinyl for traction.  Maybe once or twice I tracked in some mud that got on the board.  Tapping the board over a garbage can knocked off the dirt. Every once in a while, I vacuum the board while getting up the dust bunnies.  So I am puzzled by the Microban Protection. I never touch the footrest with anything but the bottom of my shoes, other than the events previously mentioned.  Why would anyone sane care about microbes on a footrest? Or on the bottom of ones shoes for that matter?  I even sniffed at the old board, no moldy microbe smell.Next the rocking feature: As I write this review my feet are flexing back and forth.  I feel like a teenager with too much energy. When I really need to flex my foot, I stick it out and rotate the ankle a few times.  Rocking back and forth does not provide relief.  I tried this as a footstool last night while watching TV.  Nope, just another thing on the floor.At my home workstation we have a keyboard tray. Using this foot rocker under that desk was uncomfortable because even my short legs bumped against the tray.  Here at work, the rocker inches away. Then when I use it again it bumps against the wall. Fortunately the person on the other side is away now. I know I would be annoyed at random thumping.  The old footrest has rubber tubing that keeps it in place.  This thing skitters around.Assembly: The box is easy to open. A minimum of packing material is used. The pieces are well protected.  The instructions are simple drawings on box. You can figure it out with a moment or two of thought.  However the tolerances are quite tight, which is a good thing once the contraption is assembled.  I could not push the rocker into position bare-handed.  Fortunately I had a 15" rubber mallet handy. A couple of taps and everything snapped into place.So if you are a nervous germaphobe who doesn't worry about your rocker bumping against the wall, perhaps this is for you.  And if it is, contact me and I will send you mine. I have no idea what I am going to do with this sample.
I've been using the foot rocker for a few weeks now.  It generally works; however, the assembly of the "plate," which is made of more than one plastic/resin part, makes it creak and groan.The unit comes in a flat box and is simple to assemble.  The two elliptical pieces slide onto the ends and then slide back to lock in place.  There are cosmetic caps that snap on those ends once they are in place.  In all, that gives a good, finished appearance.Because the plate isn't in the vertical center of the elliptical ends, you can choose one of two heights by turning the unit over.  The lower height works better for me as the higher one makes my thighs hit the bottom of my desk if I rock my feet.  This is a nice feature that allows some basic customization.The big turnoff here is that resting my feet on the plate causes it to make creaking or groaning noises, especially if I start rocking it.  This isn't a function of the elliptical ends and their connection.  Rather, it occurs because the plate itself isn't a single solid piece.  It is a hollow piece made of a separate top and bottom that are fastened together internally somehow.  You can see the seam between the top and bottom around the edges of the plate.  As a result, when I put any weight on the plate, noise comes from within it as the plastic/resin shifts slightly.  It's distracting and irritating, sort of like a creaky dashboard in a car.  I can't say that I think the plate is well designed.  It would have been better to make it of a single piece.And that's too bad because the unit does make sitting for prolonged periods at the desk more comfortable.  In all, I think Fellowes has a good idea here, but they need to do a better job engineering the unit to make it silent.  No one wants distracting noises in the workplace.
I lasted about 5 minutes with this foot rocker.  I suppose it offers some relief for some people, hence the 2-star, but it just doesn't fit into my life.  It works best as a foot toy...as in it is something to move and creak when you are sitting still for long periods of time.  I will mention I have long legs...maybe it works better with people of average size.
Ok, so I'm glad to know I'm not the onloy guy who couldn't figure this out.  I am very good at following directions, but this one didn't come with any.  Sure, I can follow a IKEA like pictures to get you to assemble.  However, this was not easy.  My legs wouldn't lock and the "caps" to make it look finished didn't work either.As far as the concept, it's a smart idea to keep moving your legs when you sit all day.  Would I recommend this? Yes, but maybe a similar design from a competitor.
Fellowes has recently been pushing their full range of ergonomic products. They claim that the foot rocker helps reduce leg pressure, improve circulation, and reduce fatigue. The problem with most ergonomic products is that while they are designed to help avoid or relieve a variety of office space ailments, they are often over-priced, inconvenient, or don't work. They sometimes even make things worse. The challenge is to make an ergonomic product that actually does what it says, is affordable, and is convenient to use so that the user will continue to use it. How does the Fellowes Foot Rocker fare?PROS- Reasonably priced- Antimicrobial protectionCONS:- Very difficult to put together- Annoying squeaking noise when in use- Large size gets in the way- Didn't help me, personallyWhile the MSRP of the Fellowes Foot Rocker is pretty high, Amazon.com's price is actually very reasonable for a foot rest/rocker. Unfortunately, the reasonable price and the antimicrobial protection were the only positives I could find. Putting the rocker together was way too difficult. Figuring out how to attach the sides was an exercise is primal instincts. From the diagram provided, it should have been as easy as just sliding the sides in and locking them in place. I seriously stared at the sides and the diagram for about 15 minutes, wondering why the sides wouldn't slide in all the way. I finally lost my patience and slammed the sides against a door frame and got them in. Braun beats brain, 1-0. I am just amazed at how difficult Fellowes made the rocker assembly. A huge fail.Once I finally got it assembled, I threw it under my desk and started working right away. It didn't take me long to figure out that I was annoyed with it being there. I exercised as much patience as I could--about a day and a half--before I gave up on it. First of all, it squeaked each time I rocked it back and forth. Maybe it was the squeaking that wore on me but by the time I gave up, I really wanted to toss it out the window. Also, while I think footrests are a good idea in general, I didn't feel the rocker helped me at all. To top it off, I found it too large and cumbersome to have underneath my desk. When I went to put my chair in under my desk, the rocker got in the way or moved so when I came back to use it, I'd have to crawl under my desk to position it again.I don't know why office ergonomics hasn't improved much over the years, but it's a huge problem that I think a lot of us will only realize after it's too late. The amount of time that we are spending at our desks in front of computers is unprecedented. While I appreciate a well-known company like Fellowes offering an entire line of ergonomic products, I feel that they still have a lot of work to do. The Fellowes Foot Rocker isn't something I would put on an ergonomic essentials list and I can't recommend you do either.
I like the rocking action on this foot rest, but it squeaks terribly when you rock it.  And even when I do NOT rock my feet on it, it still slides across the chair mat that I use to protect my hardwood floors.  It makes it unusable for my situation.  It slowly slides across the floor with even the slightest pressure.  If you have carpets, this may be a good product for you.  Otherwise, I would suggest looking elsewhere.
I selected this product because I thought it would be a nice foot rest / foot rocker and massaging platform for restless feet. I also thought the ridges on the rocking platform would feel soothing on my bare feet. However, for me it's too low to the floor to feel confortable or useful for my purposes and the ridges are not "massaging enough" to have any impact on my tired soles. On the other hand, Fellowes never claimed this was supposed to massage your feet but they do claim it can be used to reduce foot fatigue, which it didn't in me.PROS:- Extremely easy assembly except for the locking mechanism on the rocker wheels- Sturdy enough for a small child to stand on (although I wouldn't recommend this)CONS:- Too low to ground for my use- Creaks when you rock it- Almost impossible to lock the two rocker "wheels" in place--I actually had to bang them on the floor- The ridges on the rocking platform are too smooth to massage bare feetThis foot rocker isn't for me so I'm going to pass it on to my boyfriend and will update this review with how he likes it.June 11, 2011 UPDATE --->  My boyfriend rated this a 5 and said the squeaking doesn't bother him. Here's a quote from him "I like it for what it is. A great idea that followed through to a good product.  Simple durable and priced right. When I sit in the chair I find myself looking for it. That is the only evidence one needs."
Space saving, yes, but so-so because the well for shavings is too small.  You really don't want to empty that messy thing too often.  Also, shavings removal is not spill proof enough.
...at eating pencils.  It's also good looking as it sits there on the desk, waiting to eat pencils.But when it comes to sharpening pencils, well, not so good.  It tends not to sharpen pencils to as sharp a point as my persnickety self requires.  But even more important, it doesn't sharpen evenly.  On one side of the pencil, the wood will be nicely whittled away, exposing the lead, but on the other side, the wood extends too far down.  This results in a pencil that has to be resharpened frequently.  As a result, this expensive device spends more time eating pencils than sharpening them.But it sure does look mighty sharp.
This is one of two sharpeners I own, the other beingStanley Bostitch QuietSharp Glow Classroom Electric Pencil Sharpener (EPS11HC).  And I have to say, I was disappointed.  Based on the marketing I expected my pencils to be quickly sharpened to sharp points and the actual experience struck me as being no different (better or worse) than an average, inexpensive sharpener. I still get a lot of broken tips and points that aren't entirely sharp.  Personally I would pass on this one as I don't think for the price point it offers a better sharpening experience than more inexpensive sharpeners on the market.
So, this is marketed as being a sleek, modern pencil sharpener.  Always be suspicious when a product that serves one specific function is touted for its "prettiness"... when aesthetics have no bearing on its function.Getting down to it:  This lightweight, electric pencil sharpener simply refuses to put an even point on a pencil.No matter how I position the pencil inside this gizmo, the lead is always exposed off-center.Sometimes, so off-center that the wood gets sharpened to a point, blocking the lead.  Honestly, it shouldn't be this difficult to make a pencil sharpener that does its job.  I have a 30-year old, manual crank pencil sharpener in my garage that does a better job.  But, since that one is screwed down onto a workbench, it isn't exactly portable.I'm not really looking for the "perfect" pencil sharpener, but I'll settle for adequate.  And this one just isn't.
I wanted to like this Westcott iPoint Evolution electric pencil sharpener because it does have a solid design and looks like it should function better than most other sharpeners. The problem is, it doesn't. I tried two different types of pencils, both number 2, and in both cases the point was not as sharp as I'm used to getting with my other electric sharpener or my manual sharpener. I also have to agree with the excess wood by the tip being a problem that I've found unique to this sharpener. I tried several brand new pencils, and tried them several times to see if I could perfect a solution to get a quality sharpening, but I failed miserably. Maybe it's user error, but this isn't my first rodeo working with pencil sharpeners so I highly doubt it.In the end, this will probably sit unused for a while because I have two other sharpeners that I know do a quality job each time I use them. Disappointing and overpriced, two stars only because it looks pretty and technically does "work" (just not nearly as good as it should).
This pencil sharpener looks great and is easy to hold with one hand while the other is sharpening a pencil. I liked the fact that you could remove the cable from the base of the unit rather than have to bring the whole thing, cord and all, to the trash can to empty.I pushed at least 50 pencils into this thing to test it, and it doesn't seem to be able to adjust for different sized pencil widths. It also kept sharpening a good few pencils way past the time needed to get them sharpened, thereby wasting a lot of wood -- save the trees and all that. Some pencils came out looking like they could have been put on the end of the Wicked Witch of the West's nail tips and killed a few Dorothys, but most of them had an uneven shave and the wood came up to the very tip of the lead on one side.The worst part about this sharpener is that the top is insanely difficult to get off, and rather than break it I had to look at about 5 different websites before I could figure out how to open the darn thing.This may have won the design award but it's much like a dumb blonde -- great to look at but not much to offer in any other department. Save your money and get something else.
I wanted to hang a very light weight plastic video camera in a store that I own, and I wanted it to be removable.I got my wish on the removable part.  Unfortunately, the fastening material is much stronger than the glue.  The concept of these fasteners is a good one, but they are flawed due to a fundamental paradox.  If the glue is strong enough to hold, then the fastener won't be removable.  If the glue isn't strong enough to hold then the fastener won't be successful.These probably work to hold up a poster on the right surface.  I really want them to work, but they don't.
I didn't care for this product because it doesn't use standard post it notes.  You have to buy pop-ups and I don't use them.  I have a zillion regular post it notes though and I ordered it thinking those would work in there.You also have to pull the note out of the dispenser before you write on it which I found irritating and inconvenient.  I like to write a note as I think about it so having something mounted to the wall and not being able to write on it (like a dry erase pad for example) doesn't help me.If I'm using a post it note, it's because I had a sudden idea that I had to remember and in the time for me to pull it out of the container and grab the pen, I've forgotten why I wanted to write something down.I was really disappointed in this product and won't be using it in the future.
I received two of these Post-it note pop up holders. Personally I didn't like the colors at all. They both had a white front half, but the back half was either neon pink or robin's egg blue. The paper matched the colored back side. The hole in which to put a pen or pencil is two inches tall and big enough to hold any pen, pencil, or a sharpie marker. The units come with four strips of adhesive which has velcro like catches on the side opposite the adhesive in order to hang the Post-it holders on a flat vertical surface. The dispensing unit does not lend itself to be able to write anything on the Post-it without pulling the Post-it out of the dispensing unit and then placing the note on a flat surface in order to write. I would have rather had a unit that had a flat tabletop orientation which could be written on and an upright pen holder. I definitely won't stick these obnoxious colored units anywhere in my home. I would preferr to have a more neutral dispenser as well as neutral colored post it pad. The idea of sticking a Post-it on a vertical surface, but then needing a flat surface in order to write on the note seems silly. This unit can be placed on a tabletop surface, but it has a flat slippery plastic bottom so you need two free hands; one to hold the unit and one to pull off a post it note. I'm not sure why the company thought this would be a good idea. Other than a work environment who would want to stick something up on a surface in their home? The other reason I'm not over joyed with this product is I prefer to use scraps of paper (second use/reuse) whenever possible and Post-it notes seem like a very unnecessary waste of natural resources. Reduce, reuse, recycle!
This is a good idea. You can stand it on your desk, or stick it to your computer tower. Pretty cool, and easy to load with Post-it notes. Also has a whole for a pen on the side. This will be used a lot!
This dispenser holds the tape well and cuts fine but it needs some serious bedazzling and weights on the bottom.  It's design is really cute but it really comes across as something you'd pick up at the Dollar STore - certainly not worth almost $16,I plan on making mine look like Dorothy's ruby slipper and I'll weight the bottom and then it will be perfect.I added a photo to show how it looks just like the product photo and it well-sized.
BUMMER!  I was so excited...Let's face it, the only thing this tape dispenser should have going for it is its good looks.  However, in person it doesn't look nearly as cute as the picture.  It looks cheap...and honestly (I know this sounds odd) -- it doesn't even look all that obviously like a shoe at first glance!  It looks like some weird red sculpture that has a roll of tape in it for some reason.One big mistake the manufacturers made was making the base red too.  The base should obviously be black, so that you can really see the outline of the shoe all around -- the red base looks odd, like it's part of the shoe or something.  It's like...hmm, modern art?  The red base is just such a bad choice.  And so is that black heel...I mean, if you're going to use two colors of plastic, why not make the shoe red and the base black?  Then it might actually look like a shoe in person!  They also should have made it shiny, so it looked like a cute patent leather shoe.  But the plastic is dull and cheap looking.Also, the cutter sucks.  You have to cut the tape at kind of a weird angle, too.But the biggest mistake?  It's too light!!  Good grief, come on, the reason we have a tape dispenser is so that we can use it WITH ONE HAND!  Duh.If you want a cute desk accessory, I'd suggest the black purse-shaped pop-up Post-It Note dispenser.  Now THAT is adorable.  (And heavy!  And useful!)  :-)
Ok so this is more of a novelty thing then a good tape dispenser. Its not very sturdy, when you pull a piece of tape and try to cut it on the blade the thing tilts forward because on the bottom there is a rubber strip so it doesn't slide but duh, they didn't put it far enough in the front to keep it from tilting. There's no weight to this either, its hallow plastic. My real tape dispenser has sand or some kind of weight inside of it to keep it more sturdy.Again its more a kiddie novelty thing so don't expect much from it.
I SO wanted to like this. I actually did a happy dance when I saw it. It looked whimsical, charming, and exactly what this Femme De La Femme wanted as a statement on her desk. When it arrived, it is cheaply made thin plastic that I would be embarrassed to admit owning. How can they take a concept so chic and fun and turn it into such a dud? The seams are so evident that it looks like the plastic was just snapped together. The only reason it didn't get one star is that it can be a gag gift....however in this day and age even a gag gift shouldn't be a a bit of junk plastic bound to spend eternity in a landfill.
first, I got a grey/silver tone one - the picture promised a purple one.second, the footprint is way huge - why couldn't they make a tiny one? isn't portability the goal?
I liked the idea that you can have this on your desk taking up very little space. However, the cost would be high since it holds so few tapes. If they could only redesign it so that it held a month or two of tape then I believe this would take the place of the old bulky tape dispenser.
I am not a high energy person--why walk when you can ride, why stand when you can sit, etc.--but I have never found that it takes a lot of energy or talent to use a tape dispenser.  This little invention leaves me asking, Why?  What is so difficult about tearing off a piece of tape.  The grip feature doesn't work and you get 75 little pieces of tape?  If you are trying to survive in this economony like the rest of us, leave this little invention on the shelf, save your money, burn a calorie and simply use a standard tape dispenser. 3M is truly reaching to invent something that does not need inventing.  The quality is poor, the amount of cut tapes is poor.  i wouldn't bother with this one.
This Scotch brand tape dispenser delivers 2" precut strips of Scotch tape from a dispenser that is supposed to be easily mounted and removed from a table top.  If this product worked perfectly, I might have given it one more star, but it didn't.  The dispenser will adhere vertically through suction on a table top, but it easily slides across the table if horizontal force is inadvertently delivered to the dispenser.  This is somewhat like a tape dispenser being mounted on a hockey puck that glides on ice.  While this statement is an exageration, it is one that I felt would get the image across.  I doubt that I will find a need for this product, and accordingly, I doubt that you will find a need either.  Save your money, the refilable weighted dispensers work better and allow variation in the length of tape to be dispensed.  Scotch has fixed a problem in this case that did not exist.I have seen a number of new products introduced by 3-M in recent years, many of them are good ideas and reflect a company that is trying to satisfy the needs of its markets.  Somehow they missed the boat on this one.
The tape dispenser does kind of suction to your table, but it slides around a lot.  Which annoys me.  I want it to stay still.The packaging is crazy hard to open, which teed me off.  I thought we all agreed to make packaging that didn't take a chain saw to open?And then the actual tape - I don't know if I got a bum batch - took 20 pieces for it to finally start working correctly.  Argghhhh!It only comes with one packet of tape, too.  The unit I got was gray - not purple like in the picture.  But that wasn't the problem, the functionality of the tape pieces was the problem.From SCOTCH brand I expect SO MUCH MORE.I really hope I got a bum batch of tape, because it kills me to get a lame product from a brand I adore.I wouldn't buy this again.  I won't even recommend it to friends.It does get two stars because when the tape actually DOES start to work - it is the same great scotch tape that we all know and love.
I love a product designed to offer a clear advantage over the market leader, but unfortunately this tape dispenser does not fit the description.  It is a small and well-made dispenser designed to dispense little strips of tape.  Note that this dispenser does not come with tape - which was a big hassle as the tape is not readily available.  While I can see how this would be convenient if I was only wrapping presents or performing one duty where uniform little strips of tape were needed, it is not versatile for someone that might need different lengths of tape.  I will stick with my old fashioned roll tape dispenser.
I didn't care for this product right from the time I started to try and figure out how to load it, the cover was quite difficult to slide open and the unit slides around on smooth surfaces like formica. It is not a normal suction that stays put this one is more a friction type and while it does stay on the table when you pull straight up on the tape, it still slides around freely, weird. You have to really snatch the tape strip with some force otherwise you get two stuck together. I also hated that each tape strip came out with the end bent making it difficult to place the strip. I see no good reason to purchase this product and would not recommend it, I'll stick to a normal dispenser with scotch brand tape of course.
Summary: This is one of those items that works well, costs too much for what it does, and leaves me a bit mystified.Details: I ended up choosing this item from the Vine selection and have to say that it works, but I don't understand it's place in the desktop ecosystem. it uses the seemingly convenient, but expensive, pre-cut tape strips from Scotch. The best way to buy these is in the 12 pack (75 strips for each pack) at $7.73 from Amazon. This pulls the price down under a penny a piece.This particular dispenser is supposed to have just enough suction from the rubber pad on the bottom to stay stuck to a smooth surface when you pull one of the strips out of the top. If you have a VERY smooth surface with no grit, it works. I found that if fails if you have even a few grains of salt or sugar on the table (courtesy of my kids), or if you attempt to use it on a wood table top that isn't finished totally glass flat. It does seem to be fine on our granite kitchen counter, but I think that the need to have no dirt or dust around it is optimistic for many of us.I would guess that the best use for this is during Christmas or some other time of many gift packages. Perhaps the potential for one handed tape dispensing is enough to overcome the expense and the need to baby the surface to which this is supposed to adhere. Otherwise, I am going to stay with the large rolls of tape from Costco and the weighted dispensers we have at the office and at home.
Maybe it's just me, but I have never found dispensing Scotch tape to be difficult. This product doesn't make it any easier to do so.I also have no problem cutting off the length I want, so having uniform lengths in a dispenser is just not a big deal. Moreover, depending on what I am doing, I often need different size lengths.While this product does stick to my wooden desk at work, I do not keep my tape dispenser on my desk, which is filled with lots of other things. Also, since this dispenser has a suction pad that sticks to the desk, to remove it you either have to slide if off the edge of the desk or else give a tug to lift it straight up, neither of which is convenient.Finally, this product is way too expensive for the amount of tape that you get.Bottom line: I can understand why young children would like this, as another reviewer has noted. But for office or home use I think it is both uneconomical and not that useful.
Pop-up tape by Scotch, is a desk grip dispenser with two inches of pre-cut tape ready for use. It is handy for gift wrapping and school projects. I would use this again and again. Try one today too, you might like it.
While I heartily appreciate the concept behind this product, the execution is lousy.  The suction cup doesn't actually stick to surfaces, the amount of tape included is miniscule, and it more often than not takes both hands to even dispense a single piece of tape without wasting several more pieces.  As a result of the latter, fingerprints get all over the next piece of tape when using both hands, else the tape doesn't separate at all.I would definitely NOT buy this.
Scotch Tabs are reuseable, and they do work well on metal or enameled paint surfaces, but they aren't for heavier papers, kids craft projects, or eggshell finish latex walls. I would definitely use them again in the playroom or garage, but on a surface I want to protect I'd think twice.
***** I originally really liked these tabs as the original review text below states. I have since learned that they are not as good as I had hoped. Specifically, they appear to hold on well as I had stated in my original review. Then, a few hours, or sometimes a few days later, they let go of what they were holding up. I found that in order to make my pictures stay on the wall, I had to double the recommended number of squares. What I think might help, and this is NOT in the instructions, is to limit the use of these to smooth surfaces and to actually clean all surfaces before mounting. In any case, I now judge these barely acceptable. *****These adhesive tabs are just right for hanging photos and other decorations on photo mount board, or other light cardstock. The adhesion is enough to keep photos attached to my walls, which are lightly textured wallboard with flat latex paint. The key is that you must use enough of the squares to keep within the load ratio in the instructions. The instructions say to use one square or more per 4 ounces of weight. I tested this out and found that if you go much above this limit, the objects will stick for a while, but fall off after an hour or so. This is bad because you might think you've stuck something on for good, but it will fall off later. The fact is, that when i followed the recommendations on the container, everything was fine.So far, I have been able to stick objects on the wall and remove them without damage to the wall or the adhesive square. Once again, follow the instructions. You cannot just carelessly pull the squares off, you must use care and remove them with the motion shown on the label.The only reason I gave these less than five stars is that I was initially disappointed in the slow-fall issue before following instructions. I think if one follows the directions on the package, you won't be disappointed.***** UPDATE *****I found out that I would actually add even more extra tabs to keep objects from falling. It has been a bit frustrating because I thought that following the instructions fixed my "slow fall" issues, but this was not the case. It just changed my "fall time" from an hour to several hours. I have started using 1.5x the tabs and all seems well for now.
When I used it initially in my classroom wall, which is painted flat, they worked well in holding small posters (approximately 20 inches x 15 inches), but when I tried hanging larger, odd sized posters, such as a full size poster, the posters themselves would fall off of the wall while the tabs are still on the wall.Worst, when I tried removing the tabs from the wall, they took the paint off of the walls, too, leaving an ugly white patch.Unless you're hanging very small things that may not require moving to another location, I would not recommend these tabs.
I'm a little surprised by all of the positive reviews here to be honest.The tabs are much thicker than I anticipated. I started thinking they'd be able to hold heavier sheets of paper (thick construction paper, artwork with glued on things, etc.)  No such luck.  My first attempted hanging resulted in the paper falling to the ground within an hour or two. Maybe it was the texture of the paper.I've since successfully hung a few single sheets of copy paper on the back of my office door.  I've tried to reposition them but the paper starts to tear and it threatens to peel the paint off the door.I think I'll take my chances with a piece of much less expensive tape.  This seems too sticky for regular paper and not sticky enough for anything of substance.
UGHHHHH another packaging NIGHTMARE!The Scotch Green cardboard is entirely intertwined into the dispenser so that you can't get it out without breaking off the teeth that cut the actual tape at the edge of the dispenser.Do these companies even TRY their products before they release them?  Really??Two stars because, the tape is the fabulous scotch tape that we all know and love.  "Stick" (HA!) to the rolls and the heavy weight dispensers that you steal from your cubicle.I won't be buying this one again.
I admit the IDEA is cool: This little gadget with an internal mechanism that allows you to "swipe" it on a piece of paper and leave behind these little adhesive dots.  But I didn't care for it.  I would pick it up and roll it the wrong way, or check to see if there are still dots to use and end up just getting some on my fingers.  I didn't find the adhesive to be that strong either - for glueing a light piece of paper to another, sure it worked fine, but anything heavier than a sheet of paper did cause it to come undone.  And my biggest issue - is that once you buy this, you yet again are now stuck with another device that you need to search for refills for, once you run out.  I'd rather use glue or tape. You always know where it is, you always know if you have some, you always know it will be available to buy in any store 20 years from now.
I do a lot of cards, a lot, and a lot of scrap booking, and generally a glue stick works perfectly, but I figured I would try something new.  :)  The nice thing about this is you don't have to worry about it drying and warping the paper, so it is absolutely perfect for scrap booking and card making.  The only thing that makes it less than ideal for that is that the adhesive comes out in dots rather than strips, but that is a pretty minor quibble.  The adhesive stick very well, since you don't want cards to fall apart or your scrapbook, you want them there forever, this works very well, time will tell how long things stick for, and I will update if things start falling off, but for now the tape works great!  So, if you are looking for a quick fix to a glue stick, then this might work for you, it really all depends on what kind of work you will be doing.UPDATE (12/18/10):  so, I tried using this the other day on some card stock and it would not work well unless I pressed hard on the paper, and then on top of that, the pressing harder caused the tape to come off the runner and it will NOT stay back on when I put it back on, and sadly, b/c I had only tested it and not used it extensively up to them, I rated it 5stars, but now I have to rate it 2stars from my own experience, it is not a very good product.  If other people find it works better great, but it was absolutely non-functional after one serious use, I am not impressed.  My friend has many products of this nature as she is a card maker to the max, and has never had these kinds of issues, so my advice is to pick up a different item/brand of this type.God Bless ~AmyGod Bless ~Amy
I was excited about this product because I was thinking that my children would be able to use it, and it wouldn't be as messy as those glue sticks out there. Imagine my disappointment when my 8 year old daughter was having issues with it...  you really have to put a good amount of pressure at a particular angle to get all the glue dots on the paper. The idea is great, but the fact that you simply can't roll it and have it work is frustrating.  I'll still be using it for myself, but I don't think I'll be buying refills for it... even when I used it I had trouble getting all the glue on the paper, which means stuff doesn't stick as well as it should!
I decided to use this in my work office for a couple laminated graphics that I wanted to put up on the wall in my work space and when I wanted to move them last week I noticed that the this stuff really sticks! It took off a nice chunk of paint off the first one I went to take off. The others I just took the posters off (laminated aspect helped here) and then slowly slowly took the adhesive off the wall. The maintenance department was not happy with me as they had to come in and touch up the wall with some new paint.I tried some adhesive remover to get them to come off but that was doing even more damage to the paint on the walls.I've found that if you want to use this stuff you are better off putting it on a surface that you wont be worried about. like plastic panels, metal surfaces, dry erase boards or even doors (that aren't painted).It really will hold whatever very well to any surface just about that you want it to but it will come at a cost of being a royal pain in the rear to get back off later on.
The idea of this product is great and very "green" sounding. The problem is that once you use a strip, it is difficult to save it for use at a later time. It has to stay in use or it is no good. It is just as if you are saving a used piece of tape. Even if there was a good way to store it, the strength of the tape is compromised after its first use. I love products that can be used multiple times, but tape is not one of them.
Q. What is it?A. It's a weird tape-like substance that you can use over and over.Q. Why?A. Not really sure, but the Scotch R&D; guys have to keep inventing new stuff if they want to keep their jobs.Q. What do you get?A. Six strips of 1" x 3" double-back clear tape.Q. Huh?A. Right.So this stuff is pretty cool, but I can't think of that many uses for it. The one use that seems pretty practical is classrooms & conference rooms. I'm thinking of a corporate training center where the instructors make notes on big flip charts and then taped these to the walls. This tape would be perfect for that, because they could just use these same six strips of tape day after day after day. When the tape gets grubby after repeated use, you can just wash it off and then it's sticky again after it dries. I don't know if that's completely practical for classroom applications, but it works.Aside from that, it's not really practical for wrapping a present or repairing your spectacles. It's just a pre-cut piece of tape (6 of 'em) that you can use for adhering lightweight items to smooth/clean surfaces. That's it.
Items have to be very light to stay put.  I tried to hang a National Geographic map on the wall with two strips and it fell within an hour.  Pieces of the map also stuck to the strip when removed, rendering the strip unusable..  If this is limited to such light material, I think one may be better off buying Scotch Removable tape at a much lower cost.
I was excited about the possiblity of a reusable alternative to my family's addiction to scotch tape..however, for now it seems we'll be sticking with the original thing.First off, this is not convenient. I chose to cut to smaller size first, which was a option I liked. But, then it left me with a ton of little pieces of film to peel off both sides. I should've peeled the big piece and then cut. Those little pieces of backing/fronting film were a pain to clean up, all that static cling! This whole process took much, much longer than just tearing off a piece of conventional tape.Once my daughters' artwork was hung up, I was happy with it's ability...but, the kicker was the odor of this product, it stinks!! It has this very obnoxious off gassing smell!(kind of like a SUPER, SUPER, SUPER strong scotch tape smell) I figured it'd air out, but it didn't! I woke up the next morning and as soon as I entered the room I could smell it. So, down it went.I also realized that although it may be reusable, it's not super easy to store. I peeled all the little squares I had cut off and put them back into the original packaging.When I decided to give this a second shot, when I just needed one square, I found all my little pieces had stuck together in a clump. Oops, should've been more careful placing them back.Anyway, that one little square I needed was to hang a ribbon on the window. It's doing the job there! It works wonderfully on the glass and just one square isn't enough to emmit an odor strong enough to notice on it's own.Over all, as much as I hoped it would, this product just didn't fit my intended use as a reusable tape. I can see where it might be useful to others, if it's odor doesn't bother you.
I have a small digital clock that weighs in at well under one pound.  I used 3 strips to attach it to my wall (when one theoretically should have been enough).About 10 minutes later I heard my clock falling off the wall.  This stuff simply failed under a small load.It is for this reason that I don't like it, wouldn't buy it again and can't recommend it.
I used the scotch reusable strips to hold up my children's chore list. I change it every month, so needed something that I can reuse. These strips hold items very good, but do not release for reuse at all. I ended up ripping the paper I was trying to take off the wall, I would not recommend this item.
I used these to stick up paper "artwork" around the house. I stuck it to surfaces with;woodwall paper,painted cement,and painted wall board.These strips are rated to hold objects up to one pound in weight. I didn't try it with anything close to that weight, as I just tried paper.A week later when I went to change out the paper "artwork," and found much of the artwork had already fallen down. I was unable to get the strips to re-stick to the surfaces.on a positive note, there was ZERO damage to any of the surfaces.I've tried the yellow "tacky" gum stuff, and even though it claims not to damage surfaces, it permanently marked the back of a book case when removed later. It also didn't hold up posters or paper as well, especially after it dries out too.I have found a  lot of different uses for these sticky clear tapes/strips. Framed pictures on the wall that often end up crooked, are now held straight with a strip of this stuff placed between the bottom of the frame and the wall. (the picture is still supported mainly by the nail it's hanging on.)  I'm using it to put up posters, and to place notices on cabinets or the refrigerator as needed, but after a week of dry fall weather, many of these items have since fallen down.They need to find a way to keep these things from losing their stickiness!
Not too happy with these strips, they are large and seem as they would hold but they continue to keep falling off the walls.  I would not recommend as they need improvement.
I tried to hang some student work on painted concrete,and the work didn't want to stick. You don't get much for your money either. This is not something I would ever purchase again!The value is just not here.I'll stick to other methods(no pun intended)
Ok, there are so many Post-It notes on the market....colors, shapes and sizes.  But this one is fantastic!  I am in college and I have to often mark text for reference. I have been using standard Post-Its, but these are thicker, lined and have tabs.  I wish I would have had these before now!  I will be buying more!UPDATE March 6th:I have discovered that these post-it notes damage book pages if left on for very long.  I have ripped several pages from a textbook as I tried to gently remove the post -it tabs.  Further, the ones I do get off, they leave a fine residue.  After this experience, I will be going back to regular post-it notes.
I should have paid more attention before selecting this label. While the label provides ample room to write notes, the label is so large that I end up covering part of a page that would prefer to see. It's too hard to find a place to put this large label where it doesn't cover everything. One place where I plan to use the label will be for recipes where I want to cover an existing ingredients list with a revised list based on a different number of portions. For users who want a lot of writing space, and are willing to cover existing items, this label should be fine.
Maybe, in the age of iPhones and Netbooks and MP3 players, I've gotten spoiled. But I was expecting more from this tool than I got.Yes, the product works. You type words into it, and it will correct spelling, define words, etc. It's simple enough for a child to use, without a lot of training. In short, it will do as advertised. So in theory, having a little device my son can stash in his backpack for school would be great.However, the whole thing is just so ... cheap. The buttons have some responsiveness problems, so that they don't always register on the first press. The display window is 1980s era LCD display, with the kind of chunky pixel font that is hard to read. The audio quality of the reading voice is comparatively old-tech, and it is not the clearest voice to understand.Here's the kicker, though: this is a writing tool, but nowadays any kid in third grade or higher is probably going to be writing on a computer word processor, which will do all of this for them, and better. So it's all a bit archaic.Of limited appeal, at best.
This device is supposed to help kids with spelling and related tasks such as definitions, rhyming, Thesaurus, and maintaining a customized list of words.  It also offers a "Confusables" option.  I assume that is the manufacturer thinks this is easier to spell or say than homophone.  I would prefer to just use the terminology that the kids learn in school than to make up a new word.Unfortunately this device is a disappointment.  My 3rd grade daughter thought it was "lame", and I have to say I feel the same.  There is no volume control, contrary to what the button labeled "volume down and up say.  When you push that button it just says "key has no effect".  Perhaps they want the volume to stay loud so a kid cannot use this device to cheat during a test, but the instruction sheet makes no mention of volume control whatsoever.  And at that, the speaking voice is very loud, so it makes it pretty annoying to use.  You can't take it and play with it anywhere, because it is too loud for playing with at the store, for example.  So if you were thinking of getting this instead of a Nintendo DSi or something, forget that.Also this device requires 4 AAA batteries, which is secured by a battery door-cover that has to be screwed in with a microscopic Phillips head screwdriver.  Of course, this, nor the 4 batteries are not included with the machine.  The frustration level of this thing is through the roof!Because this is an elementary school level dictionary, there are many words that you will type in, and it will try to match up a word with another word that is spelled similarly.  So you never actually know if the word will be in this device or not.For $60, I would rather invest in a regular book-form dictionary and/or spelling dictionary.
Pros:1.  Easy to use keyboard2.  Voice speaks to you3.  Gives dictionary definitions, has some games like Tic Tac Toe, Hangman.4.  You can see each word written slowly, letter-by-letter in manuscript or cursive.Cons:1.  Mechanical speaking voice sounds cold and sinister, not friendly at all!2.  Voice is very hard to understand.  In dictation game, I couldn't understand any of the words it asked me to spell.3.  "Hangman" game has some very odd word choices (like 'pis' - plural of pi). (!)4.  Lid contains the instructions, but flops backward; does not stand up to be read.5.  Battery cover requires ridiculously small Phillips screwdriver (not included)6.  Games, graphics, and sounds are all pretty lame.7.  Offers rhymes for your given word, but they are often strange choices, ie:  words that rhyme with "red":  hammerhead, outspread,  and behead.8.  Definitions are not particularly easy to read.Overall, this could be useful for a motivated 7-9 year old who has no access to a computer and is easily amused, but it's a bit primitive and doesn't really seem worth the effort.
I thought my son would love this, he is 6 and reads fairly wellm and he did for the first few minutes, and then it went downhill. In theory, this is a great product. Unfortunately, theory does not always carry over into real life, as is the case here. First the good.....Phonetic spell correction is good and fast, definitions can be spoken, which is great, the design, while a little busy is not terrible and you get used to it. This could be a great tool! And at this price, quite frankly, it should be! The problems are many....first, it feels like the cover is flimsy and will easily break. It has an entire cheat sheet/instructions on the the inside of the cover which would be great if it stayed up and did not fold backwards. The graphics are just horrible and similar to some of the "made in china" trinkets you can buy from street vendors for a couple of dollars. The words are hard to read. The tone of the voice is horrible! Cheap, cheap, cheap. It's just too bad that the finished product did not pull it off.....this is probably a pass.
When using the whiteboard in my office at work, it is often nice to have several different colored markers in order to keep ideas organized and clear. The BIC Great Erase Grip "Pocket" Dry Erase Marker, Fine Point, Assorted, 6 Dry Erase Markers (GDEP61-Ast) seemed like just what I needed.The set has a good selection of colors. The fine point makes it easy to write clearly and the ink shows up very well on the white board.Where these markers fail for me is in the cleaning. They almost always leave behind a significant shadow of the words and drawings you made with them when you try to clean the board. The only thing I've been able to find to remove the ink completely is WD-40.If they didn't write so well, I'd give them one star. I actually feel a bit generous giving them two stars given the staining issue, but they do write very well. I just feel like a dry erase marker should be easier to wipe away than these are.
I'm a long time user of Expo markers but I needed a new set of fine tipped white board markers so I decided to try out the BIC great erase fine points.While my Expo markers give a bold colorful line, the BIC markers give a faded/watery line that has no vibrancy and seems to disappear as you get further from the white board.  The difference between these and my old fine tipped Expos is night and day.  I wouldn't even consider these if I were to purchase fine tipped markers in the future.One other thing- I did a quick test of each color side-by-side to test how easily they erase over time.  All of the colors erase easily after 7 days of testing except the tepid orange color.  I have to press very firmly with the eraser and scrub back and forth to get the orange to erase.On a positive note, these had no scent which is one of their advertised features.  My Expos are quite smelly (though if you get the fruity Expo, that can be fun).My advice is to stick with Expo for your dry erase markers...
I want to start this off by saying I LOVE post-it notes. LOVE THEM!  So when I saw this product I thought it was an interesting idea and decided to give them a try.  I have to say that unfortunately this product is NOT WORTH IT.First complaint is that there is NO readily available instructions for "installation" it may seem like a simple idea but I couldn't figure out which flaps were suppose to go where. It wasn't until I had removed the second adhesive strip that I found the pictorial instructions. The hard to find instructions left me cranky.Second complaint is that the number of post-its in each little packet are minimal. Maybe if you don't use many post-its that might be enough for you- but I use a lot. I would be constantly replacing the packet.Third complaint is that the stickem on the back of the pack leaves residue on my laptop after removal.Fourth complaint is that it seems that the sleeve that holds the post-its would not hold up to the sliding a laptop in and out of a snug case like I have.  I admit though that I didn't leave the packet on my laptop long enough to find out because it was empty.The only redeeming quality about these "dispensers" is that the patterns are "cute" but as I mentioned I don't really think these are functional. I would rather just use a traditional post-it note pad.
Post-it Notes are undeniably a terrific organizing tool.But Post-it Notes for a laptop? Unfortunately, they just didn't prove themselves to be a practical organizing solution for me.The dispenser is designed to adhere to your laptop (NOT the screen) with two strips of adhesive and holds just 20 notes.  Although marketed as "refillable," you actually have to refill the dispenser from the bottom, which means you have to unstick it from whatever you've stuck it to and then refill it and re-stick it.  Not very practical.They just aren't needed for a laptop; I, like most computer users, make all my notes on a desktop version of post-it notesPost-it Software Noteswhen I'm on my laptop, not on pieces of paper.I really can't even see the point of it for a laptop-based office receptionist working for a group of salesmen; she'll run out of notes on a daily basis & they have to be applied to the BACK of the laptop, which isn't very ergonomic.I've racked my brain & the only practical use I can find for these is as a refrigerator-mounted message center for the family on the go.  If 3M will re-market this as a Fridge Message Center, it may work.  But this is just an impractical no-go for laptop users.  Reboot!
The idea of a a little post-it note holder is cute. It's not a necessity because you can just throw a pack in your briefcase or computer bag. But, it is convenient to have a little holder nearby. However, the holder is a thin laminated cardboard which has already ripped and if you are a heavy post-it user, you'd be refilling this a lot.I think I'll stick to throwing a pack in my bag instead of this.
Colorful prints but not adequate for placing on my Laptop as it constantly slides off.  I wouldn't recommend purchasing this item.  Save your money.
These are little paper envelopes with sticky tapes on the back that hold a very small amount of post-it notes.  The premise is that you can stick them to your laptop for convenience.  I suppose if you are on a flight with your laptop open and need a post-it note, this might make sense.  But, to me it has never been a burden to pull a post-it note off the stack to jot down my notes.  The envelopes are made from a cheap slick paper, and they only hold a small amount of post-its.  I simply don't get what 3M is trying to achieve with their latest do-nothing products.  Frankly, I will stick with my post-it note pad, pulling them off one at a time--I need the exercise.  I cannot recommend this product, the quality is poor and the reasoning behind the entire idea seems faulty to me.
I stuck these on my laptop and first thing I know they would get hung up on my case when I was storing it. It is also and eyesore. If I need to note things I will do so in my datebook or on my phone. If you really thought you needed a sticky pad for something just take a couple from home and stick them to your laptop or put them in your carrying case.These serve no purpose.
Nothing is wrong or amiss with the Post-its in this kit.  I love Post-its and use them all the time.  But these Post-its come in a cardboard packet which has a very sticky strip of tape on the back, designed to be attached to one's laptop.  The idea of attaching a sticky-backed cardboard Post-it holder to my lovely laptop leaves me cold.  I just don't think it's more handy than having a couple of Post-it packs stuffed in my purse or laptop case.Furthermore, I really don't like the idea of trying to use "Gloo-gone" on my pristine laptop once I want this packet off, because you know that sooner or later, that cardboard case will start looking tattered and tacky.  I just keep imagining how awful a bumper sticker looks on a car after a few months.  This product is the equivalent of putting bumper stickers on your laptop.  If that doesn't bother you, then you might like this idea.However, I was not impressed with this product.Thumbs down (on the packet, not on the Post-its.  Post-its rule).P.S.  On the other hand, my little niece thought this whole deal looked very cool on her school notebook, and glommed right onto it.  Maybe instead of targeting adult laptop owners, this product should be aimed at children in the elementary school supply aisle.
I've meant to try the newer "accordion" style Post-it for a while even though I never had any real issue with the traditional "checkbook" style. Now that I have tried the new style, I frankly don't know why I will ever want it. You can peel one off in the traditional style with one hand after very little practice. With the new style you either need a heavy or attached dispenser, or you need to guess which side to peel if you use the refill alone. Ahhh!This particular product is troublesome on three counts. 1. Each refill is small in quantity. At 20 note apiece, it's just too small even discounting those peeled off by colleagues during meetings (it surely is a great conversation starter). 2. You cannot refill the dispenser in this product without detaching it. 3. Worse, the glue on the dispenser left oily traces on my ThinkPad's lid! (Thankfully a pencil eraser got them all out.)In the two days the first dispenser stayed on my laptop, my colleagues thoroughly enjoyed taking notes from my laptop during meetings. I gave out the other two refills while throwing away the two dispensers that come with them. Speaking as someone who has a half drawer full of Post-it of different sizes and colors: sorry, 3M, I am not buying this.
I've often thought that having Post-It's handy on my laptop would be a good thing, and I've even torn off a few and placed them on the lower corner of my key board - but after trying this product - I found it cumbersome.  Here's why:The are wrapped in a slick, card stock paper "dispenser" that caused my palms to constantly catch on it.  Even though the stick tape keeps it secure, it still is raised enough to be a bother.  Plus, the post-it sheet that's fed through the slot was always rubbing and catching my hand as I typed.  I ended up removing the dispenser within hours because it was in my way and very uncomfortable to work around.Someone else might find it useful, but if you tend to rest your palms on the laptop keyboard as you type, you might not like it.
This looks like a good idea, thePost-it(R) Pop-up Laptop Notes Dispenser, 3 x 3 Inch (LND-330-3PK), but it's not what I thought it was going to be.  Post-its are great!  This is a smaller package of Post-its that are fanned, every other way in the pad.  I really like Post-its, and I am loyal to the original 3M brand (the other generics that are out there don't stick as well as the original ones do).  But the holder is just a very light weight cardboard, or a heavy weight paper that the Post-it pad is inserted into.  The holder has tape on the back, remove the protective film that covers the tape, and stick the holder anywhere.  It will hold there, and can easily be removed and re-stuck elsewhere, at least a few times before the stick-em no long holds well.So, why only 2 stars?  It's the holder!  It's just a light weight piece of paper that is folded to hold the pad.  I expected something a little more substantial in weight or design.  You know you are paying a premium for that holder, on top of the price of the pad of Post-its.  But the premium is not worth it.  Sure, the holders are colorful, might look nice in the ad, but come-on, it's just a piece of paper folded to hold Post-its.  I would have rather they used a plastic type of holder, even light-weight plastic, then I would have felt the premium that you pay for this would have been worth it.
The best thing I can say about the Post-It Dispenser is that its ultra-low price is ideal for bringing your oder total up to $25.00, so tha tyou can take advantage of Amazon.com's free shipping.However, you get what you pay for.  The dispenser is made out of thick paper, and looks extremely unprofessional. If you're in grades K-12 that may not be a drawback, and that's the only demographic to whom this  might appeal.To construct this thing, feed one end of the enclosed Post-Its--they're stuck to each other, thus forming one long accordian- or fan-shaped deck of Post-Its. Fold the flaps over, and the backside has adhesive that will stick on a desk, a laptop, your lunch bag, wherever. Again, school-age kids might think this is fairly kewl, but most people will find this an unattractive addition to the home or office.CONS:Unattractive, Not Very Useful. It's pretty cheap looking, and though you can hide it fom yourself by putting it on the lid of your computer, you won't be hiding it from others.  Mreover, if you're at your computer, you can easily use the notepad feature, cyber-Post-Its, or email to send yourself the ideas you've jotted down. Ah, but what if you need more portability, a note to take with you after you've left your office? That has more to do with the utility of Post-Its than with the dispenser. The main point is that most people don't need this; it's an invention in search of an (adult) consumer.Sticky Fingers. This may not bother you, but that linked Post-It roll (described above) means that sometimes you'll pull out a POST-IT with the sticky side up. Personally, I'd rather rip them off a pad, knowing where the sticky band is on each post it.Wrinkles Galore. If you don't grab these by the side, there's a very good chance that you'll badly bend, tear, or wrinkle the Post-It. Pulling one from the top edge (the most natural motion) results in two fairly sloppy looking Post-Its: The one you just pulled, and the one in the dispenser.Personally, I'd rather spend another $10 or so for something more durable, attractive, and functional (there are such products sold right here at Amazon.com). Recommended only for non-college students who like bright colors, gadgets, have a thing for Post-Its, and/or value trend over form and function.
This is a flat piece of folded thin cardboard which stores and dispenses a few Post-it notes. It's as clever as a handshake buzzer but in terms of utility, it achieves almost nothing.If you were to possess the same number of Post-it notes absent the dispenser, then you're just as well off. I see no purpose whatever in this device and if millions of them do not show up at Big Lots six months from now then we'll likely see them emerge as Cracker Jack prizes.But Post-it notes themselves are still as terrific and as useful as they always were -- I couldn't live without them!
I am a heavy post-it user, and do not find this product to be useful. Here is why:1. Post-its are easy to transport. I just throw a pad in my briefcase or laptop case. I don't need a dispenser that takes up more room, is very flimsy, and holds much fewer post-its than come on a standard pad.2. I keep three different sizes of post-its next to my laptop and desktop. I have never felt any need to attach them directly to my laptop or desktop tower.3. I find it easier to peel off individual post-its when they are not in this dispenser.4. Given the limited amount of post-its in a dispenser, this is not economical for heavy use compared to the price of buying post-its without a dispenser.5. If you want to stick a post-it pad to a surface, you can easily do so by using the Scotch Removable Restickable Glue Stick. It creates the same kind of backing as this dispenser--except you can choose any size post-it you want, and the post-its are easily dispensable.Bottom line: If you are only an occasional post-it user and don't mind be limited to one size, then this product might be useful.
I guess this product could be helpful for some people... but it was a bit annoying to have something stuck to my laptop lid..and it seemed to get in the way. Putting the laptop in a case knocks this off or opens it...  I'd rather just have a pad of these or a dispenser sitting on my desk.  This product seems to be a stretch....
This is an interesting idea to keep post-it notes handy on the lid of your laptop, or on any other surface. The problem is that the holder is clumsy to load, clumsy to dispense, and results in a less-than-perfect post-it note. I'm not at all pleased with this product.The holders are basically a thin plastic. They're very pliable. The adhesive on the back of the holder works well. However, the package excludes clear instructions on how to load the holder once it's attached to something. There are two side flaps that don't remain secured, but it's very difficult to reload the holder once it's attached to a surface.My other complaint is that although the post-it notes dispense well, it results in a post-it note that ends up wrinkled as a result of the way it is dispensed. The post-it note has a wrinkled appearance and just doesn't look neat when attached to a piece of paper or other surface. If presentation is essential, this product will make you look messy.You also need to apply a bit of force to dispense a post-it note. Fortunately, the dispenser never fails to dispense the edge of the next note, so there is no awkward digging for the next post-it note. Unfortunately, the dispenser requires a specific type of post-it note refill.Is this a product I can use? Yes. Is this a product that I like using? No. Maybe there are better post-it note dispensers, but I certainly can't recommend this one.
As others have stated, this really is a cheap little bundle. The adhesive is cheap, the "container" for the Post-it notes is cheap. It's just cheap in so many way. You're truly better off buying a stack of post-it notes and a little, smart-looking container for them.The biggest issue with this set is that by pulling on the Post-it notes the way you're supposed to just ends up bending or wrinkling them on their way out of the wrapper. So what's the point, Mr. Post-it? What were you thinking?2 stars out of 5, and only then because at least you can use the Post-its and throw away the silly adhesive containers...
When I first saw this item, I admit I was taken by the idea: Hands free taping! Great when working on projects or wrapping gifts. However the implementation of the tape holding devices left us often frustrated and annoyed. First the better of the two is the wrist dispenser, which attached to your wrist like a bracelet. This is convenient as you have use of both hands while working a project. However, as others have pointed out, the manufacturing is cheap, and the units are difficult to load. The second dispenser is the deskgrip one. This should be more appropriately called the desk floating dispenser. I have tried this on all kinds of surfaces and it will not stay put. I always end up pulling the thing off the surface without any tape dispensed. Just annoying!
I got this because I hoped it would help with wrapping Christmas presents. I opened the package thinking I would try the ones that attached to your wrist first. After a few minutes of struggling to get the contraption opened, I inserted the tape, but was unable to close it again. I tried on and off for twenty minutes, finally giving up. The one that suctioned to a surface was better, but if the surface had any texture (ie-wood, molded platic) the suction gave out after a tug or two. Overall, the aggravation was not worth it and I decided to stick to the old tape dispensers.
If you are wanting a simple product such as a dry erase board, but with a slight twist, then  this product will work for you!!!  I love dry erase boards, I keep them on my fridge for making list and things like that for groceries until I make a hard list to go to the store and they are wonderful.  :)  I already have one that works quite well, but I love neon colors and I always loved to write with gel pens on black paper so I decided to give this board a try!Now in terms of how bright the neon shows up...  Well, its not amazingly bright after the beginning of the first stroke, but that is generally normally for things of this nature, it is on black so it does get absorbed in to the blackness a bit, but this is also normal for gel pens as well, its just kind of the way it goes.  They are extremely bright if you use them on a normal white board, which I decided to test to make sure it wasn't the markers, and its not, its just that its on black, and you really can't help that.Other than that, they write pretty well, they seem just a bit drier than my other markers, so you kind of have to press harder than other markers, or at least my other markers to get them off, but that is also a very minor complaint, and hardly worth mentioning.  So overall, good for what it is, and if you want a black dry erase board or just a bit of a sleeker look than your normal dry erase board, then I highly recommend it.  :)EDIT (6/710):Ironically enough, over time the pens seems to write better, however, the whole board feels oily and the ink wont wipe off very easily even with an eraser.  I am sure it is not me, I have never had this problem with my other boards or pens, but this one just seems to have greasy pens and they don't erase easily, and for this reason I took a star off my review from 5 to 4 stars.  If it were not for this problem I would keep it at 5stars.  :(EDIT Fri July 6, 2012:I have had a number of dry erase boards, I have 2 white ones and this black one.  The white ones work perfectly and I never have problems erasing anything from them.  This black one on the other hand can not be easily erased.  In fact the "ink" hardens so much that I cannot get it off with an eraser or cloth or even really by scraping, and it got to the point where I'd have to clean the board with a cleaner, which in turn makes the problem worse.I would not even remotely recommend this board, the only reason it gets 2 stars is because its black, and I like that, but it does work well, not even a bit.God Bless ~Amy
We use dry erase boards throughout our house and office, and are frequently purchasing refill markers. We have used EXPO brand, BIC, and now these QUARTET. Hands down, BIC are the best. Easily five stars. Almost nearly as good are the EXPO brand, say, four and half stars. But dropping way down are these. They do not write smoothly, they are not "bold" as advertised, and they barely leave any ink on the board. I cannot recommend these at all.
A solid decent but plain binder that does not hold up well to stains-my kids spilled some pop on it in the kitchen and by the time I got to it there was a cherry Coke stain after cleaning it up. So I tried and spilled some coffee on it and it stained too.Just because a product says Recycled means that it is good-that usually means cheaply reproducted. I can tell it would not hold up well in my household.It is in the trash can as we speak.Skip!
As somebody who likes to keep stuff organized, even if to the eye my apartment is far from neat, thought these patterned dividers would be a good idea.  But let's be clear here, these colorful partitions are far from a good value.  You get 5, count 'em FIVE, and they wind up costing over a dollar each.  The patterns are just okay, but nothing special or particularly eye catching.  That's ridiculous in my book because one could easily punch up some colored poster board, and get the same results at a fraction of the price.A measly amount for at a high price.  No thanks.
Great idea, but on our fridge the purple tablet stays in place (if we place it in the middle of the freezer door), while the white one slides off every time.  If it would stay in place, it would be a useful for a good price.  But as it stands, only one is useable for us (and that one even slides down a few inches every time we close the door).  A stronger magnet would make this a great (but likely more expensive) product.
The problem with this sharpener IS NOT that the vacuum doesn't work, because the vacuum does work. The problem with this sharpener is that the mechanism to vacuum the sharpener to a solid surface does not lock in place. As a result, after a bit of use and over the course of time, the sharpener will no longer be in place and will have to be reset.The vacuum does stick in place for a while. But after the sharpener gets used a bit, it dislodged. If the mechanism locked the vacuum in place, this would not happen.It seems to me that the design is faulty. I can't recommend this item.
With three kids still in school, we tear through these notebooks like mice on cheese. I picked these notebooks up primarily for my youngest daughter who is a writer. She was not best pleased with them. Her issues were:1. The notebooks are very flimsy so she can not hold them and write she must put them on the desk/table to use them.2. The pages are not perforated, so she can not remove them without the &#34;bits left behind&#34; mess.3. The paper itself is not bright white, it has a gray cast to it. (Note: for some people this may in fact be a positive thing.)4. The cardboard backing is as flimsy as the front cover.On a positive note, the price point is good at the current price ($1.125/notebook) compared to other online offerings.Not Recommended.
These inexpensive spiral notebooks are okay for general use, but if you're looking for something durable, you should look elsewhere.I have no complaints about the quality of the paper and don't have a perforation preference (these are *not* perforated). The problem I have with these is that the backing is so flimsy that the 70-sheet notebook flops about when you hold them. If that doesn't bother you, the 4-pack from Amazon is a pretty good value. Personally, I'd rather spend a few extra bucks and get something more durable.
How can you mess up a simple spiral notebook? The cover and back. They are so flimsy! They don't hold their shape well in a bag and they don't lend a firm writing surface when you flip over to write.My children also did not appreciate that the 'label' on front is actually not a label but printed on and therefore cannot be removed.
This binder is absolutely huge, and as others have remarked, is nothing like the ones we had in school.  The snap closure really makes the whole concept fall flat - it really does have to have the zipper around the whole thing to serve its purpose.  As it is now, it's basically an oversized canvas binder.  I also find myself wondering who might be inclined to carry around something this large with the advent of ipads and such, but I suppose there are people out there... I can't use it for what I'd planned to because of its size so unfortunately it's sitting in a closet.
The black 1.5 inch MeadTrapper Keeper is sewn on all sides, including the flap that closes with a snap-link device on what would be considered to be the front of the Keeper. Inside there are two storage pockets - one on top of the other on the front over. This three ring binder comes with 5 full sheet vinyl subject dividers. Inside the back cover there is a place to store a pen or pencil. The outside front has a clear plastic sheet that could be used to customize the Keeper. Unfortunately, despite the fact that this item arrived in very good packaging, the plastic was scratch and the opening - where pictures, lettering, etc. could be slipped in - was ragged and missing the edging in places. The opening is positioned so that it would seem when carrying the binder it would be facing downward and items easily could slip out. Finally, the front cover is bowed outward in some places making it awkward to carry. Maybe I received a &#34;used item&#34; to review.
I'm a child of the 80's (guessing most people looking at this probably are), so I have fond memories of Trapper Keepers from that bygone era. These new Trapper Keepers are not the same. No "Trappers" (the folders) are included, the three-ring, "slide-binder" mechanism is gone in favor of the same old metal 3-rings you get in every other binder and the design is just kind of plain. I know if may sound odd to talk about the "coolness" of a binder, but everything that made the Trapper Keeper a must-have is gone. About the only thing that reminds me of the Trapper Keepers of old is the clear cover where you can insert papers (or pictures, art, whatever...it's basically a transparent pocket) and the fold-over end, although now it's fastened with a metal snap closure instead of "space-age velcro."Not everything is bad, just disappointing. The Trapper Keeper ultimately still does the job, although it's hard to figure out what consumer demographic Mead is aiming at here. It's an ok binder for school and it will keep your folders and papers in place (although having to buy Trappers separately is nearly unforgivable...at least include a couple of them). The build-quality seems good enough and the cloth material seems particularly durable.Still, if Mead is aiming at nostalgia, the ho-hum design and lack of features is only going to result in disappointment, while if they're just aiming this as a binder for school, then I can't see why I wouldn't a product that's less expensive since there's no real advantage with the modern Trapper Keeper. If all of this just kind of sounds like Mead is trying to market a poorly redesigned product by cashing in on the nostalgia of today's parents and the former quality of the brand, then you've got a pretty good idea of what this new Trapper Keeper is.
Admittedly I wasn't a big Trapper Keeper fan when I was a kid, I was one of those nerds carrying a huge zip-up folder because I carried so much stuff. But this folder just feels kind of flimsy, and I'm not sure why I'd use it. There's a plastic cover on the front like a page protector, and about as thin- your kid is going to ruin this on day one shoving it into a backpack or a locker. The inner rings aren't very sturdy either, it's sort of confusing that the included dividers don't even have normal holes they're designed with cutouts that &#34;snap&#34; over the rings. It's like the designers know their product can't stand up to repeated openings and closings (it can't) so they decided to make inserts that cut down on use.The only reason anyone I know got a Trapper Keeper in school was when they came with cool designs. This new line just seems kind of boring and cheap.
This binder is overpriced. There are more attractive and sturdier binders available on Amazon (even from Mead) at lower prices. The binder is covered in two shades of ugly black fabric. It snaps shut. I would prefer an adjustable closure so if the binder is not full you don't have the flap hanging slack on the side.  The clear plastic on the cover which allows you to slide in a picture or title page is made of flimsy plastic that will rip easily. There are 2 inside pockets on the left side. The rings are round.  Five plastic dividers are included.  I would have preferred D-rings and pockets on the dividers, especially for this price. Trapper Keepers are a great product, but this version falls short in quality and features.
The Mead Trapper Keeper (item # 72173) has one clear exterior pocket.  But it is too tight to hold more than a few sheets of paper.  Anything less can fall right out of it, especially given its orientation toward the spine and a user&#8217;s naural tendency to hold a binder under their arm with the thick spine downward.  This pocket is perhaps best used  to hold a label identifying the contents.  A simple re-design - reorienting the opening so that it is just barely underneath the flap - would be a welcome improvement.  There is enough of a flap beyond the snap to make this possible.The snap closure is difficult to engage.  It is also overkill and of little value.  Items can still fall out of the two interior fabric pockets if someone were to pick up the binder in the wrong direction.  Hole-punched papers are held secure by the ring binder mechanism, so they are unlikely to need the services of the snap to keep them in place.The 5 differently-colored plastic dividers are a nice feature, but not enough to warrant a recommendation to buy this Trapper Keeper in this particular configuration.
I like the nylon spine on this binder, which enables the cover to be bent back like a notebook.  The divider sections are a sturdy, flexible plastic with pockets, and the covers themselves seemed sturdy, also.However, the first time I carried this a couple blocks (in my hand, not even crunched in a bookbag), I discovered a corner of the back cover had broken off, and a corner of the front cover was cracked.  I hadn't dropped it or banged it into anything, so I don't even know how it happened.  How do you think it will hold up in a bookbag?  I trimmed the corners smooth as best I could with a scissors, and now I've relegated this binder to the kitchen for misc. notes, etc.  Not impressed.
Not good looking. The frosted window in the front cover doesn't lay flat on the inserted printed page, so a lot of it can't be read.  It is solid flexible plastic with the hinges scored, so It is reluctant to lay open flat, and doesn't stay closed well either, and I don't know how long those hinges will last.They welded the pocket on the inside of the front cover to back up the window which makes it heavier. They included one  insert/divider  page.with half height pockets on both sides.The rings are round, the latches not too hard to operate.I don't see why this is worth the cost...I added an inside pic.
The AmazonBasics Mouse Pad is, as the name suggests, a basic mouse pad sold via Amazon. This mouse pad is enough to get the job done, but if you're looks for a mouse pad with a great surface, ergonomic design or comfortable padding, this is NOT it. For a few bucks you get a 9-inch by 8-inch mouse pad that has a bottom made of thin foam rubber and an even thinner surface made of polyester similar to a cheap T-shirt.In my opinion there are two problems with this mouse pad:1) It's too small.2) It's made of cheap materials.I've honestly received free mouse pads that are better made than this one, and the 9x8 dimensions don't give you much room to maneuver a mouse if you're got a high-resolution display and a low-res mouse. I frequently had to pick up my mouse and reposition it on the pad or slide my mouse completely off the pad while testing this pad.Considering that I've used free mouse pads that were given away at banks or at the time I purchased a PC that were better than this mouse pad I'm a little amazed that Amazon is selling this mouse pad for as much as they are.Again, if you just need a very basic mouse pad then this does indeed get the job done ... it's just there are a lot of other mouse pads out there for around the same price that do the job even better than this.
I make a lot of flyers for our neighborhood and my son's school. To save paper, I usually make them two per page. It was a pain cutting all of them with scissors so I figured I would get this. It says it cuts 7 pages at once and that sounded pretty good to me. Plus, for the life of me I can't cut straight with scissors. There's no explanation, maybe one of my eyes is slightly off kilter?So the good: The LED light is a godsend on weak eyes. I thought this was going to be one of those frill features but it turned out to be practical. It shines the cut line on your paper so you know exactly where you're cutting. The cutter also locks when not in use. I have a three year old and would otherwise be worried he might hurt himself but the lock feature is pretty sturdy.But the bad: It won't cut multiple sheets. The most I got was two at a time which was a major disappointment. I tried varying the pressure I put on the rotary tool. I did it lightly, I put my entire weight on it; I did it fast, I did it slow; no matter what I did, I couldn't get it to cut more than two. TWO! That doesn't help me at all!I think this would be good for precision work such as cutting photos for scrap booking, but for my needs it didn't help at all.
I'm not a huge fan of these types of show generated spin-off items.  The quality is poor - the magnetism is weak and the dry erase is difficult to erase after a day (even with dry erase cleaner and an eraser.)  If you are really, truly committed to losing weight, this may be a good crutch for a week.  Eventually, you'll want something with more depth that you will create yourself.  I would have added a star IF the manufacturer had included a booklet that estimates calorie counts for common foods.
When I ordered this white board, I thought it would be a tool to help me plan my meals for a week or so and would help me stay on track as I diet from now to eternity.  Instead, I got white board that is part confessional/part harassment tool for brothers and the like.  In order for this to work as planned, I believe that I am supposed to write down what I plan to eat, total calories, glasses of water, and my _actual weight_.That last part is a real problem for anyone who has kept their weight secret since well, birth.  I know that the folks on the television show give their actual weight (shudder) to the world, but as for me, no way.  So, I can write down everything except my weight, except for one thing:  my family members all have calculators and have no problem dividing my calorie count by 7 to get my optimum weight. (which is what I've been saying I already weigh for the past 20 years).My other problem is the size and suggested location for this food confessional:  The board is 11" x 14", and has magnets on the back, which suggests a refrigerator location.  The first makes it easy for anyone to read without glasses, and the fridge location is just cruel. I don't need to be reminded of my chunkitude every time I go to get a diet soda, glass of water or pint of ice cream.If giving your weight doesn't bother you, you probably don't need to be on a diet, anyway.
I was hoping for a board that I could list my exercise schedule each week.  When I got the product I was disappointed as there is little room to write down any meaningful schedule.  50% of the board space is filled with over-sized advertising for the biggest loser.  While I like the program I don't think they should have dominated the space.  Too bad.
This is an awfully big, big board, and it's laid out in such a way that you can only keep track of one week's exercise at a time.  It comes with an Expo dry erase pen, but mine was cracked and broken upon arrival, so I had to throw it away.The reason I'm unimpressed is pretty simple: This board retails for almost $30.  Amazon sells it for about $20.  But if you ordered a plain white board and some dry erase markers yourself, you could have your own exercise tracker for about 10 or 12 dollars.  So you're paying a premium for The Biggest Loser brand name, and they decide for you what your board will look like and what it will keep track of for you.Personally, I'd rather save myself the few extra bucks and spend them on donuts.
For $12 you can get a comparable dry erase board at Staples. This one has a rudimentary weekly calendar on it, as well as a thermometer for tracking goal achievement. Other than a marker, that's it. No written information about goal setting, types of exercises, tracking improvement, etc. NOTHING except a corporate logo.Sure, regular visual reminders are useful. That being said, there are better apps for $0.99 at the Apple store, and these will track weekly, monthly and annual goals along with progress against them. This product is simply an opportunistic exercise in unnecessary branding.I would have rated it one star but it is sturdy and, in conjunction with a more full-featured program, may serve an occasional purpose.
I had an Epson a long time ago and wasn't very thrilled with it, but this model is great.  It was very easy to set up, both on wifi for my laptop and wired for the desktop PC next to it.  I was surprised at how fast it prints, even on wifi.  The interface on the printer is very easy to use and easy to read.  I've never had a scanner before, but was able to jump right into scanning photos and sending them to the desktop, or via wifi to the laptop.The ink cartridges that come with the printer are robust as well.  My husband's an accountant who does a ton of printing during tax season, and many's the time I've made an emergency run to Target or Walmart for a printer cartridge.  Not this year, though!  We have yet to replace a cartridge, and they're very reasonably priced (I hate getting "soaked" on ink).The printer is large and the lid is a little flimsy, but those are only minor complaints.  Well done, Epson - you've redeemed yourself for me.===UPDATE, ONE YEAR LATER: After a year of frequent use, for my husband's accounting and kids' school projects, this printer bit the dust.  It said the black ink was low, I replaced it, it said the pink ink was low, I replaced it, then no matter how many times I turned it off and back on, it would only make mechanical noises followed by a message "Printer error; turn off and on." I spoke to a CS rep who gave me the bad news: it would have to be repaired at an Epson repair shop, and he candidly said that buying a new Epson would be cheaper than getting this one fixed. He then emailed me a special "loyal customer" code that entitled me to buy refurbished printers from Epson for about the same price as new ones from Amazon. As if. I dusted off our old HP Photosmart, which I hadn't gotten rid of thank goodness, and it works just fine after resting up for a year.
The NX625 is an inexpensive printer using cyan, magenta, yellow and black ink cartridges.  Although it is fine for letters, school and general office work, photo printing is weak when compared to printers that use additional color cartridges.  The lack of a feeder for multi-page scanning and any fax capability also limit the NX625's usefulness in many situations.  Offsetting that, the designers have optimized it for print speed...if you need to print multi-page documents, the NX625 is really fast.  Let's look at it in more detail...Installation - I installed this printer on several PCs (running Windows 7 and Vista) and one Mac (running Snow Leopard).  Installation was simple on all the computers, at least after I finally followed the directions and used the installation disk.  Since (like most men) I know that following instructions is a primary cause of ED, I had problems the first time...all the computers identified the printer as a "NX620 Series", not specifically the NX625, and were unable to download the drivers from the web.  When I followed the instructions and used the disk to load the drivers, it worked just fine.  My spouse hopes that I'll eventually recover.Printing - The NX625 is an inexpensive printer using just cyan, magenta, yellow and black ink cartridges.  It shows.  Although it's fine for letters, school and general office work, the quality of photo printing is weak when compared to my Epson Artisan 810 (replaced by theEpson Artisan 835 Color Inkjet All-In-One (C11CA73201)) which also uses light magenta and light cyan cartridges.  Also, the dot size is rather large, with a noticeable stippling as colors blend together.  This isn't present in printers specifically designed for photographic printing.  (I suspect that the relatively large dot size is a design trade-off to increase the pages-per-minute print speed.  Fewer dots require less computer processing and allow the print head to be moved back and forth faster.)On the positive side, the NX625 can handle a decent range of paper types.  It has a built-in duplexer that's flush with the back panel.  My older Epson has the duplexer hanging a couple of inches out the back, which has always been annoying...it prevents the printer from being pushed against with a wall.  The paper tray is flimsy, but it works and holds enough paper that it's not always running out.  The output tray is also thin plastic, with enough ridges on the underside to keep it rigid.Copying and Scanning - The NX625 is strictly a one page at-a-time flatbed scanner.  Slightly more expensive models incorporate a feeder to allow you to scan a multipage document without standing there, continuously opening and shutting the cover.  Copy quality is ok, and is obviously subject to the same issues that affect print quality.Faxing - The NX625 is not the printer to buy if you need to send a lot of faxes...it doesn't have any fax capability.Ink - There are two ink cartridge sets available for the NX625.  TheEpson Durabrite Ultra Ink, Black (T125120)andEpson Durabrite Ultra Ink, Color Multipack (CMY) (T125520)is the standard capacity set.  TheEpson Durabrite Ultra Ink, Black (T127120)andEpson Durabrite Ultra Ink, Color Multipack (CMY) (T127520)have more ink, but are quite a bit more expensive.  As with any printer, ink costs far outweigh the initial printer cost.  I haven't used it enough to get a solid estimate of per page printing cost, but will update this review when I do.Conclusion - Think carefully about your needs before purchasing the NX625.  Other printers are available for nominally more money that incorporate faxing and have a document feeder.  Because of the cost of the ink cartridges, I expect the operating cost to be fairly high.  The high print speed is its main claim to fame, but, in my opinion, that's not enough to make up for the other factors.  As a result, I'm just giving it two stars.
This black HON HVL521 mesh back work chair was fairly easy to assemble with the exception of putting the the back onto the seat portion. You put the arms on first which then makes it a little tricky to find a space on which to put the bottom upside down in order to slip the back into place. It is a one person job until that point and then you need a second person.Once assembled it is sturdy and comfortable with the ability to adjust the height of the seat. I like the molded plastic arms (with past chairs the first thing to go was the leather/cloth arms), which are not full arms but 3/4 length arms with a slight indentation in the middle in which to place your arms.The mesh backing is comfortable and has a curved molded system several inches from the actual meshing which adds additional support when you lean back. The whole thing is not gigantic and would fit any room arrangement. It has a slightly futuristic look!We have low pile carpet with dense padding in our office area and the wheels can actually move while you are sitting on the chair, but I would recommend a floor desk pad for the best moveability.11-10-12: About one year after having reviewed this product initially the seat of the chair is no longing staying at the height that we want it to. So each morning we set it to the proper height and by lunch time it is back done to the lowest position which is too low for us. Time for a new chair I think.
This is the chair I received through the Vine program instead of the chair that was offered. I posted a review on the product page of the other chair, based on how well the chair I received measured up to the product description. But, I'm adding this review on this product page for any potential customers.This chair was very easy to assemble. It also looks okay.Unfortunately:--Aside from being able to roll the chair around and raise or lower it, it's not adjustable.--Leaning back is only possible if you plant your feet on the floor and push, and the chair only moves a little.--No discernable lumbar support. So don't plan on spending much time sitting in comfort.--Not a lot of padding (none on the back of the chair).--I don't think the material is that sturdy. Certainly not as good as another chair we recently purchased.I would have liked to rate this chair between a 2 and a 3, but all things considered, it's more toward the "2" end of the scale.It would be okay for a high school student's room or for someone who doesn't spend a huge amount of time in the home office, but if you want something you'll be able to work in, comfortably, this may not be your cup of tea either.
I have had this printer for seven months.  I had to reinstall the printer software on my wireless laptop, which is running OSX 10.8.5.Surprise #1:  The installation CD would not longer run. I got an error message saying that the disc was incompatible with my system software.  Thanks, guys.I downloaded a new driver, and then:Surprise #2:  When I contacted Brother they confirmed that the installation disc was not compatible with my system software, and no newer installation CD is available.  They sent me detailed information for resetting and manually reconfiguring the printer.  The only problem was that the command on the printer that was supposed to tell me the printer IP address simply did not work. Without the IP address, there is no way to connect to the machine wirelessly.  I did research on the web for alternative methods of finding the IP address, and all those methods yielded a blank IP address for the printer.  So apparently when I reset it to the factory settings as recommended by Brother, it wiped out the location information and the command that was supposed to reconfigure it did not work.At this point, it has become more trouble than its worth, especially given the fact that Brother seems to have a rather casual attitude about keeping up to date with Mac system updates.Moral of the story - If you are running OSX 10.8.5 (or higher, I assume), good luck.I am extremely disappointed.  The printer worked well up to this point.
While this was a good printer while it worked, it died after just about a year with a 'fuser error', which is not worth fixing.I replaced it with the Brother 2240D model, which is cheaper, although not networkable. The main reason I bought another Brother is because it could take the same toner, which I still had a cartridge almost new.Let's hope the new one lasts longer...These things are almost like disposables.
A slightly advanced basic binder, the rubbery spine is a nice added touch that seems like it will increase the life of the spine, but unfortunately it is impossible to tell right now if that will be true  The rings are attached to the inside of the back cover, as is standard with most binders these days.  There are interior pockets in the front and back, as well as a clear pocket on the front cover.  The front and back cover seem a little sturdier than most binders, and it did hold up fine when my 17 pound cat decided to sit on it while it was lying on my bed one evening, something that has caused dents or even folds in other binders I've had.  Pages do turn smoothly as described and the rings feel well constructed.  The $10 price seems a bit steep.8/26/2012 Update: While the outside has held up so far under light usage, the rings have not.  The rings have not taken any impact and haven't been opened/closed an excessive amount of time, yet the middle ring does not close entirely without me squeezing it shut.  Perhaps I opened the rings by pulling on the middle one too often (something I try not to do), but I've never had binder rings wear out this quickly, not even with more use.  I am fairly disappointed since I do like the rubber grip on the spine, but I will eventually be replacing it with another brand.  Because of this I simply cannot recommend this binder, especially given its price (currently $7.06 to $9.91).
I got these to try out with the printer in my department and give to one of my friends who uses a planner, so I had a comrade-in-arms when I tried to figure out how to print these.  Nevertheless, it still took us a couple of tries (used up the "test sheet" for sure) when we tried to print out the tab labels.  Also, it seems that the tabs are scaled down to the size of the binder, which I think was the result of someone thinking that aesthetically it would look better, but functionally it's a little frustrating unless you only need like 5 letters or you want to reduce your font down to very, very tiny sizes.I ended up just giving up on these and neither of us really cared enough to finish the process.  It would be much simpler to just hand write the tabs, but it feels sort of like defeating the purpose of having these in the first place.
This is a great concept, but falls short on execution.  I love the idea of typing, viewing, and editing the labels on my computer before printing them on (expensive) label tape.  I have Epson stand-alone label maker that is great, but the screen is terrible and it is difficult to work all of the formatting options.This should work great.  However, aside from a large list of fonts, there are very few formatting options.  It does not allow you to print letters high enough to really fill the label - at least not as large as my Epson label maker.  The first few labels I printed were unusable, because the print was so spotty - every other letter was printed.  There is only one boarder option.The tape itself seems pretty low quality.  The adhesive is not very strong and the labels are not waterproof.  In contrast, I used my Epson labelmaker to print a name label for my gym water bottle - it has gone through the dishwasher dozens of times without any ill effect.  This label didn't even survive a sink washing.The concept is there, but I cannot recommend this for anything more than putting labels on file folders.The unit itself is very small - about the size of a hard drive.  It doesn't require external power and just uses the power from the usb port.  There is a internally removable rechargable battery, but I cannot understand why the USB power isn't enough.  Do some laptops cut off the power to the USB port when the laptop is running on battery power?NOTE:  There might be some added features in a paid upgrade version of the software, but I didn't purchase that to test it.
I feel like an idiot, but my computer is not "reading" this device. I've plugged and unplugged it. I've plugged it on when it's on and I've plugged it in when it's off. I've turned the computer off and back on with the device plugged in and with the device unplugged at first and then plugged in, and I've searched online for drivers (which don't exist since it's PnP). Nothing I've tried worked. I've contacted techie people for help. I've changed where I plug it into my computer. I've verified that all of the input devices I'm using work (by testing with other items). I'm not sure what more I can do to make this work on my computer, but as of this time it does not work at all.The other reviews appear to show this as a good product but I'm unable to verify or form my own opinion since installation is not working for me.
This is a terrific idea for a binder.  It's small, has 3 sturdy binder clips and even has an inside pocket for pens, a calculator, a nail file, etc.  It's a great idea in theory.The problem is that unless I go to an office supply store, there is no common paper size that fits this.  I have short legal size notepads at home and without punching holes in the papers, it wouldn't work.When I tried to use this with the notepads I had, I misaligned the hole punch and had to deal with the messy rough edges from ripping the paper off the pad.  It's too time consuming, in my opinion, to find paper for this binder, punch holes in it and then load it into the binder - particularly when the end effect is it looks messy and disheveled.A more helpful way to market this product would be to have plenty of paper inside the binder, along with a note about what size paper to buy in the future.  That would make this binder much more user friendly.I would have given it 5 stars if it was packaged as I described.  It would have been very handy for recipes, a dream journal, to take to a meeting or in the car for notes.
For some reason the Vine sent me two of this item but even still, I don't think there is enough to recommend it.The Avery 5.54" by 8.5: durable write on plastic dividers are an unusual size and schools rarely accept this size paper so I don't think it's something students would benefit from.The product also came without any paper and when I called the 800 Avery number that is advertises if you'r stuck or have questions, I asked the customer service person about getting paper for the produce and she didn't seem to know what I was talking about. I would give the service department of Avery a D based on that experience.Inside the cover, it does have a compartment that I would think would be a useful place to store a pocket computer or a cell phone, so either is in easy reach.
This was easy to set up.  The suction cup doesn't really stick on very well, but I suppose that is part of the design, so that it can be moved easily.  I find that you have to hold the container with one hand while pulling the tape piece out with the other.  Not particularly convenient.
If only this worked as it's supposed to. It's hard to place the tape in the dispenser as well as to pull what you need. I would not recommend this product as a tradional dispenser can do the job for less money and hassle.
When I got this shredder I thought it was going to be cool. A Monster that will eat all that is thrown at it. No more waiting and feeding and waiting and feeding. The real world is different and it hits home with this shredder. It will shred perfect sheets 8 and half by 11 and nothing else. I have Swingline Personal Cross-cut Shredder with 12 Sheet Capacity, 1757390 (EX12-05) and love it. That one you can put in like 15 sheets. This one wont do five. It is soooo weak. If you have perfect pages placed carefully in the thing it will eat them sloooooowly. It jammed several times for me. It has rollers that fold each sheet in half then feeds it. Did i mention slowly. Tried different sized sheets and it immediatly jammed. Should have been named the Swingline Jammer. I can also see if it did work that the rollers would wear and would not be working long. Avoid this one.As always if you have any questions just ask me.
I think this shredder was designed for people who have a nice neat stack of papers that have never been folded. My bag of papers were definitely not that! The legal size has to be fed manually and can't be put in the "walk away" stack which would be fine if the shredder wasn't so fussy. It worked really well for about the first 1/4 of the stack then started stopping and needing readjustment all the time. It wouldn't allow any but the very thin gauge paper anything else would cause it to stop. Same thing for a couple of papers stapled together. Same thing for any paper that wasn't the right length and on and on. For a lesser priced shredder I could have tolerated this.. it did still make the job easier and had moments when it worked really well... but not enough that I could really trust it to keep on shredding and walk away. And for the price that is unacceptable. Doesn't earn it's money in the office.
60x sheets shredded at a time sounds impressive. And it would be if actually worked. However, the shredder I received shreds no more than 10-15 sheets at a time. The 60x refers to the capacity of the auto-feed drawer. You can put 60 sheets in there and they will get shredded (providing the machine doesn't jam; more on that later), but not simultaneously.The auto feeder works awesome if you have flat, unfolded sheets of paper free of staples, tape, or thick envelopes. It becomes nearly useless for my main purpose: shredding the insane number of credit card offers, Discover checks, and other junk mail that I receive. To successfully shred these items each and every one must be opened, flattened, and placed carefully in the auto feeder. If the shredder gets through half without jamming up, you're very lucky. Designed to save you time, I've found it takes MORE Of my time to use this shredder than a standard design. Frustrating.Another issue: the shredder is huge. 20-25% larger than an equivalently powered top-down shredder. Too large for my taste given the fact it doesn't do that great a job shredding junk mail.For stuff like computer print outs without creases or folds, the shredder works fantastic. If you're an accountant or tax preparer or someone else printing and shredding a lot of unfolded paper, this unit will work well. Otherwise, I'd recommend a standard, top mounted shredder.
This machine does shred paper, which is the only reason I'm giving it two stars rather than one. It's so frustrating to use that I'd really rather just build a bonfire to destroy important papers.This shredder jams constantly, and you often won't even know there's a jam. You have to lift the lid and press reverse and hope whatever's stuck in there will come out. If a piece of paper has even the slightest irregularity, or is too thick or too thin, the machine will either jam up or simply not accept the piece of paper.The stack-and-shred feature is useless. There are rollers that are supposed to take a sheet from the bottom of the stack, fold it in half, and then feed it through the shredder. Every couple of sheets, something goes wrong, and the rollers just run without catching any paper. So you're stuck with putting your papers in through the top, one at a time, and fighting the endless paper jams.I have an Amazon Basics Strip-Cut Shredder that was selling for about 30 dollars at the time I got it. With the Amazon Basics shredder, I can shred up to eight sheets at a time, and it has never once jammed up on me. It's also faster and more powerful than this one. The only drawback is that it cuts the papers into strips rather than actually shredding them, but I'd still recommend it over this Swingline shredder. Either that or build a bonfire.
I have a large family and thus receive an enormous amount of mail. Since much of it contains personally identifiable information, it must be disposed securely. Shredding is a job I generally put off as long as possible, so I often find myself with a huge box of stuff to shred. I had recently purchased an inexpensive, over-the-trashcan style crosscut shredder which performed very well. It was the endless trips to empty the trashcan, as well as finding the bits of stray shreds all over the house for weeks that I found tedious. So when I was given the opportunity to review a shredder that would eliminate the tedious stuff, I was thrilled!The Stack-and-Shred is fairly large - it will take up some space on a desk or table top. However, you will lose much of the convenience factor if you place it on the floor so make sure you have space for it. (16.5" x 11.3" x 14.2"). The shredder itself seems acceptably sturdy, but the pull-out drawer/waste bin is flimsy. In fact, mine arrived with a corner of the plastic broken in shipping. It doesn't affect the functionality, but if it were to break to the point of being non-functional, the shredder would be useless unless I got a replacement from Swingline. There is a safety feature that locks out the shredder until the bin is firmly in place.It has a unique design. There is a flip up, top cover that works two ways. Closed, you can shred conventionally through the slot in the lid. You must use the top slot for credit cards, card stock, and stapled sheets. Open the lid, and you can lay flat sheets of paper in the shredding area - up to 60 according to Swingline. Close the lid and the shredder grabs the paper, one sheet at a time with two rubberized rollers, and feeds it into the shredder. The shredded material falls into the 4 gallon waste bin/drawer, which you pull out to empty.It is a cross-cut shredder and the shredded material is well cut, with no chunks of readable, uncut material except when the machine jams.Here are the not so good aspects of this shredder:1. I was never able to shred a single credit card. It jammed every time.2. Paper must be quite flat to use the automatic shredder capability and even then, I experienced multiple jams.3. The shredded material falls down toward the back of the waste bin/drawer so even though it is clear, you cannot see when the shredded stuff has clumped up to the point of causing a jam. So you must regularly pull the drawer out and redistribute the material in the drawer. You have to do this with other shredders, too, but you can usually see the shredded stuff more easily to judge when it's time.4. The biggest problem is that the shredder will run for somewhere up to 2 minutes before overheating and shutting down. The cool down period seemed like forever - sometimes up to an hour. That is a big problem for me because even when I am shredding weekly, I have way more paper than I can shred in 2 minutes.I really wanted to like this shredder and perhaps for people who only shred 10-20 pages on a daily basis, it would work OK. It does not work well for my needs.
I really wanted to like this stapler.  I hold staplers when using them most of the time, so this model, being ergonomically designed to fit in your hand, made a lot of sense.  But from the moment I first got it, I hated it.I didn't want to look at the instructions because I wanted to see if I could figure out how to load it without the instructions (because who holds onto STAPLER instructions, right?).  I tried pulling up on the top, as you do with almost all other manual staplers, but that didn't work.  Then I spotted a door at the back with an arrow.  Aha!  They must slide in from the back.  I tried lifting the the door at the bottom, where the arrow was pointing, but it wouldn't budge.  I tried sliding it downwards, as the arrow was surely directing me to do, but it didn't want to move.  Then I realized that the "door" was actually a button, and when I pushed it, the front of the stapler shot out.  Since when does an arrow mean to push ON the arrow?  It seems that having it discreetly printed "Push to Open" would make a lot more sense, or if they really feel that strongly about making it usable for non-English-speakers, a picture of a finger pushing would have been second best.  But a downwards-pointing arrow??Loading bar open, I tried to put in a full strip of staples.  It was really difficult getting it on the loading bar; there was just barely enough room.  But when I tried to close the stapler, the bar wouldn't move.  Frustrated, I removed the staples, closed the loading bar, and brought it to my husband to see if he could figure it out.He did the same thing that I did, trying to pull it apart like a conventional stapler.  When that didn't work, he turned it around and around in his hands before spotting the arrow.  He tried pulling.  He tried sliding.  Then he pushed, and the bar shot out.  "Here," he said smugly.  I handed him the staples and told him to try loading them.  He tried and tried, and finally announced that a whole strip wouldn't fit; I'd have to break it in two.Then I looked for the directions.  There were none.  You're on your own.I tried it some more myself, and eventually several staples ended up breaking off.  THEN the bar was able to close.  I know this wasn't just an issue I had...several other reviewers have mentioned that not quite all the staples will fit.  You'll have to treat this like a mini stapler and break the strips in half, or just break off about 10 of them and throw them away each time you load.  This is an astoundingly bad design flaw.  What was the manufacturer thinking?But how does it work?  Well, it staples okay.  Nothing special.  It was, as promised, easy to compress, and for that, I give it two stars (otherwise, I wanted to just give it one).  And the shape isn't all that ergonomic.  I mean if you're going to design this specifically for hand usage, why not make it have finger holds or something to make it easier to grip?  It's okay if you're only doing a few staples, but if you will be doing a big project requiring you to staple over and over again, I'd get something else.  I just can't recommend this stapler.
First off I will admit that the stapler does live up to it's claim and doesn't require much effort in order to staple even when doing 25 pages. So it is nice in that respect. Unfortunately it also doesn't take much effort to open the loading tray either. It opens at the merest touch and it is constantly needing to be closed again. Not a huge thing I guess, but it becomes extremely annoying when it's needing to be closed with every other staple. Pulling the staple tray out in order to load it does require more than a bit of effort. It does not slide smoothly at all and oftentimes gets stuck in the process. Perhaps this will loosen up with usage... perhaps not. I also don't like the fact that it can't be opened up to staple things up on walls, etc. As someone who works in a school this is a necessity.
Not happy with this at all.  It does not easily staple 25 sheets, in fact, anything over 5 or 6 and the head jams.  I don't like that you can only load half a sleeve of staples inside, this is a time waster when you've got a large job to do.  Working with a classroom, I tend to sort and staple lots of papers, but this won't handle the work.  It sits nicely on the desk, but requires two hands to staple in order to prevent it from tipping over as it is very thinly designed yet top heavy.  I give it two stars only because it &#34;looks&#34; nice and handles a skinny stack of papers decently.  Sorry, Swingline, you missed the target with this one.
On the plus side:+ Cute, takes up less space on desk+ Takes less effort to staple+  Nice rubbery gripsMinuses:- A little tougher to load and it only take half a row of staples- Jams too easily with any kind of a sizable stack of paper- "To Load Staples Press Here" sign got stuck in removal; had to pull out the rest with tweezers- Popped open a couple of times when I squeezed it the wrong wayI'll stick with my trustyRapid 90119 K1 Classic Pliers. Clunky and reliable. The Rapid is easy to load and goes through a large stack.
I received this product for free to review from the Amazon Vine program.  I ordered the stapler because our kids were always taking my stapler from my office for their school assignments and not putting mine back. I thought with bright pink it would be easy to find my stapler wherever it ended up in the house.  That part worked.  With its bright pink color is is easy to track down.However, I think I prefer my old standard black stapler with the flat bottom.  While I give the Swingline R+D department an A for effort to try to find a new look for an old classic product, this really doesn't work that well.  The bottom has a curved design which makes it less stable on desk tops, and easy to fall over.  It was confusing at first to figure out how to load the staples, because the holder pulls out horizontally instead of the top swinging up like on most other staplers I have owned. On top of that I have had more than a few staple jams with this stapler, so for me I think I will stick to a boring looking but more functional desk top stapler.
This highlighter feels weird and when you hit the tip on something it tears or gets a cut because the tip is gel.  As for it's highlighting ability, it works like a crayon; it doesn't bleed through paper yet highlights well.  I don't know if I would actually purchase this item though.  Something about it doesn't sem quite right.Update: I rarely use this highlighter; they mark over the writing like a crayon.  I like regular highlighters better.  Like someone else said though, you can leave the stop off these types of highlighters and they will not dry out.
I was drawn to the convenience of this product but dissapointed upon seeing them in person. First off, the decorative envelope is not so nice looking..very computer generated, blah designs! They are the exact weight and feel of the outer white envelopes which makes them seem doubley wasteful. Why not just stick a mailing label on the decorative one and mail it?!? For the price of these 3 mailers you really should do that and get 6 out of them!Save your money and buy the holiday ones offered at your post office, those are at least cute!
I should have read the description more closely; I didn't realize that you had to put the decorative envelope in a bigger, white envelope. I thought these were like the decorative mailing envelopes that I've seen elsewhere. I really don't see the point in putting an envelope inside of another envelope & possibly costing more to ship than if I just used one mailer.I realize the increase in postage most likely wouldn't be that much, but it seems like a waste when you can just buy a holiday mailer. Also, I prefer water-resistant bubble mailers...these wouldn't last long on a doorstop in rain or snow.P.S. "Pack of 6" is misleading, as they are including the plain envelopes in the total.
Smooth indeed.  Unfortunately, the ink began to glob on the paper and on the tip after writing very little with these.  Bad enough that it reminded me of the old school Papermate pens that wrote beautifully only to be disappointed in the globby mess you were left with in the end.
I was excited to try this "smooth writer" pen, but as soon as I began writing, I got pen splotches.  It is comfortably padded and nice looking, but was not, as advertised, "the best pen you'll ever use".
I've been using these pens for a few weeks now.Pros:- Grip provides nice comfort.- Writes smoothly. It's easy to write in cursive if you do so.Cons:- When you write in non-cursive, the color is inconsistent.  Some letters appear heavier than others.- The ink does not dry quickly and smears quickly.  If you are a fast writer, it will leave ink stains on your hands.Due to these issues, I would look at other options.
I've been looking for a good pen. I write a lot and a good pen makes it a pleasure. Unfortunately, this is not the pen.On the positive side, the pen feels good in you hand, the rubber grip is comfortable and the balance is good.On the negative side, although the pen glides smoothly, it also causes the ink to cake on the tip. I hate writing with a Kleenex or other other paper to wipe the tip to keep the ink from making splotches on the paper.I really wanted to like this pen, but unfortunately, it didn't give me what I want in an expensive writing pen.
I don't know if I got a bad batch since other reviews are generally positive, but these pens were blotchy and left streaks.  I am only giving them two stars because they are comfortable to hold.  However, based on how well they wrote I have to give them very low marks.  They pens I got actually left little strings of ink that would then smear when I brushed my hand over it.
This is ALL about packaging. Honestly, it's kinda silly, a blatant attempt to bilk more money out of folks for the same product they've always been making. What's different? The cheap, plastic barrel of the pen is a different color, but the ink part I believe is IDENTICAL to your cheaper basic bic pen. The barrel is the same, octagon shape as their other pens. And, since the barrel is transparent, all you really see is the black ink part, so the color is really not that significant. Perhaps the barrel is slimmer, but for me, it did not make it any more comfortable (and I have small hands). My suggestion is either go with the cheaper pen, or step up to a more comfortable soft grip. This pen is not the solution for me.
I will admit that when I saw 'for her' on the packaging I was a bit skeptical.  Often products made this way seem to just be using marketing lingo and don't seem to have actually done anything that make their product more user friendly to women.  I found the design of these way too skinny and the hard plastic not at all comfortable to hold.  Worst of all, these pens seem to stop working even though there is clearly more ink left.  It leads to a lot of wasted pens and frustrating.  I don't recommend these.
I am using these at my job where I have to do a lot of writing. I prefer a large barrel as it lessens hand discomfort. I have used BIC pens in the past so thought I would give these a try.The barrel is rather slim, much slimmer than the BIC pens from the old days. The ink comes out easily you don't have to press down hard to write. It produces a fine print and doesn't smear. Although the package has different color pens on the outside they are all black ink. After using the pen for 1/4 of a day about 1/10 of the ink has already been used. For the amount of writing I do these pens would not be cost effective for me to use. I found the slimness of the barrel uncomfortable after a short while once again due to the amount of writing I had to do.Losing the cap of the pen would be an issue if you want to carry a pen in your pocket. I will stay with the large barrel pens.
I was excited to try BIC Cristal for Her Pens.  They are really quite lovely.  But they weren't as absorbent as I had been expecting.  Still, they are pretty and since I have a uterus function is immaterial.
These BIC pens "feature a thin barrel designed to fit a women's hand", which apparently is deemed to be much smaller than mine.  My hands fit into women's medium gloves, and are not "man hands".Because these are low-end BIC pens, without even the rubberized barrel of the Clic Stic pens which cost $4. or less for a dozen, they are hard for me to hold on to.If a manufacturer wants to "shrink and pink" ballpoints in the hope of appealing to women, I would purchase those in pastel colors which are perhaps shorter and therefore easier to fit in a small purse pocket, but these pens are, functionally, more suited for a child than for an adult woman.They do write smoothly and well, and if you have especially small hands they may be the pens for you.
This whole BIC for her thing is a bit of a gimmick if you ask me. Since when can't women use the same pen as everyone else. Maybe my daughters, who in this computer age, write FAR less than I did/do, might fall for this slimmer pen, pastel color thing, but I actually found these pens to be somewhat flimsy and I did NOT like the slimmer profile that is supposed to be specifically for women. Unless you are given these free as a prize or a gift, I would not bother purchasing these pens.
The first thing I noticed when I took this stapler out of the box was that it felt so cheap. It's a lightweight plastic, unlike my faithful old metal Swingline stapler. I expect a stapler to have some heft to it so that it is stable to use, but this stapler does not feel stable in my hand. Still, I gave it a thorough tryout. And I discovered that if I did not staple exactly the same way, with exactly the right touch each and every time, the stapler started stapling erratically. Sometimes it would staple through the pages and sometimes the staple went in cockeyed. I gave it a lot of tries before I decided it was not worth it to keep trying. And frankly, I do not see the "20 sheet capacity", as anything over 6 pages was a dicey proposition: sometimes it stapled beautifully, sometimes it did not. I also expected that I could use a lighter touch, since the stapler is advertised as a "one touch" unit. But I found I have to exert just as much force to staple as I do with my old stapler. The other major issue is the stapler does not unfold flat. So it is useless for stapling on flat surface, like a bulletin board.On the positive side, it is lightweight and would not add a lot of weight to a briefcase or knapsack. So if you have to travel with a stapler and aren't planning on stapling a major project, it will be fine for that task. As for me, I'm back with my gunmetal grey Swingline that has served me faithfully for years.
I had high hopes for this stapler, and on first try I liked it a lot. I really like the stapling mechanism, that is designed so that you don't have to supply the pressure that actually folds the staples. It really is a "one hand" stapler, that's very easy to operate. You can gently press down on the top until it reaches the bottom and then it shoots out a staple with a satisfying snap.On the other hand, there are two pretty serious flaws with the design. First of all, the spring loader, that's supposed to push staples up to the front so that they're ready when you are, is unreliable. I noticed that every few times I wasn't getting a staple in the chamber, and that when I moved the stapler around staples had some room in the chamber to wiggle around. I opened it up to look, and then the spring popped out. I was able to get it back in there, and the stapler works now, but it doesn't hold the staples tightly, and I have to lean it forward so that gravity ensures the staples are ready, when the spring is unreliable. It's possible I got a "dud" but I noticed from another review that someone else had a similar problem, which makes me think it's not just a fluke. The second problem is less significant, as it's part of the design and not a mistake. It's that there's no way to open up the stapler at the hinge. I occasionally have need to staple things onto a bulletin board and the like, and for that you have to open up the stapler at the hinge. It's not possible with this one.I really wanted to like this stapler, and I would have been able to overlook the fact that it doesn't open at the hinge. The faulty spring loader, however, is a serious problem, and prevents me from giving it a strong recommendation. You might want to take your chances - since it looks like not everyone has faced this problem - but I'd suggest looking around for something else.
The stapler is good with the gun action and easily staples 20 sheets of paper. It works my mimicking those heavy duty hardware wall staple guns. It is very light, mostly plastics, but cheap looking, and it doesn't even have a rubber footing. To add staples in it, instead of swinging the anvil and the hammer apart, you slide the anvil to expose the staple chamber. This is where all hell broke loose. There is a very flimsy spring that holds the chamber to the body. The spring came off and it is impossible to put it back.Made in China.Pros:- powerful- inexpensiveCons:- flimsy- The anvil doesn't swing out to use the stapler as a tack for boards.
I actually like this stapler. It's effortless, smooth, and can power through a large stack of papers (it advertises up to 20). However, immediately upon pulling it out of the box I noticed that the spring was broken which was supposed to push the staples forward so the mechanism is always ready to go. I don't know if I just received a bad one or not, but either way, I think it is a sign at how cheaply made it is.To fix the problem I had to remove the spring and now everything works fine, but you have to swing the device forward each time you want to use it so a staple will be located at the front. After that I haven't encountered any more problems, but I'm not confident that the lifespan of this stapler will be very long since it seems to break so easily. Overall I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who staples frequently, but for the price it isn't a complete rip-off.
This is a nice upgrade to my classroom.  I have tried many sharpeners over the years from the traditional manual wall mount to other electric sharpeners.  This one is much better.  It is FAST, and QUIET.  I normally do not let the kids sharpen pencils other than first thing in the morning or at the end of the school day because of how distracting the noise is.  This model is quiet enough to be used throughout the day and it is speedy enough that that pencils get sharpened quickly.  The shavings tray is deceptively small, however.  It gives the appearance of having a large capacity but it doesn't. Sliding the tray back into place is not as easy as it should be and can require a bit of effort to finesse it into place.  Overall, the speed and reduced noise make this a great product.Update:  while the above info was true I must now add that the entire unit is being thrown in the trash.  The gear is stripped.  Given the fact that use of the sharpener was monitored in my classroom and was only used by a couple of children each morning, I am very disappointed with this product.  I really liked the quiet operation of this unit but, when it dies after a couple of months, that doesn't seem to be so important any longer.  The bottom line is that is provided a very expensive method of sharpening pencils since it had such a short life. My rating of five stars has been changed to two.
I like gel pens when they work right.  These were a bit different because they are a click pen.  My husband needed to write on carbon paper and these did not work for that purpose.  I have tried writing with several of them and they skip or leave big globs of ink behind.  Might work for art projects if in different colors but for everyday writing BIC stick pen are better.
The BIC Triumph 730RT Gel Pen (0.7mm) is a nice pen to look at, feels solid but not overly large in my hand, and usually writes a nice solid line on plain paper.  Unfortunately, there are a few issues that force me to downgrade this pen:- Compared to other pens I have tried, both ink pens like theZebra Z-Grip Retractable Ballpoint Pen, Medium, 1.0 mm, Black Ink 12-Countand gel pens (see below), the BIC 730RT seems to be a bit "scratchy" on paper and doesn't always write as smoothly and fluidly as other pens I've tried.- The gel pen is more prone to smearing than the Zebra ink pen; see the attached picture for a comparison between the two.- I thought that the gel pen might be a better choice on glossy paper, but it really didn't do a better job drawing on glossy paper than the ink pen (neither did very well here).- After a while I have been finding more issues with this pen not writing consistently - it will be OK for a sentence or two then just "skip" putting ink down for a few letters.Edit January 2013 - after comparing this to the less expensiveuni-ball Signo Gel 207 Retractable Roller Ball Pen, Medium Point, Black Ink, 12-PackandPilot G2 Fine Point, Black Gel Ink Pens, Box of 12, I have to strongly suggest one of these two instead of the BIC.  Both the uni-ball and Pilot pens write more smoothly than the BIC, have writing quality at least as good as the BIC, and currently cost about 60% of the price of the BIC 730RT.
Wow...starts off amazing!  But there's a reason why its refurbished - the manufacturer screwed up and had to fix their mistakes.  It lasted a whole week of occasional shredding.  We emptied the bin twice before it started saying "anti-jam" and spitting the paper back out.  I carefully removed little shreds of paper from the sides under the cutting tools and it worked again for a half a bin.  Removed more paper shreds and it worked for a half a bin.  SERIOUSLY!!! Not worth my time!  Consumers should not have to keep maintaining this every week.It did work great and makes the tiniest paper shreds I've seen but at what cost?
I thought these would be great for organizing the various papers that seem to overtake my kitchen throughout the day. I used the smaller size for coupons and this was very helpful. They are easy to find when I'm on my way to the store. The larger size I wanted for my daughters numerous school notices but the folder is very thin and doesn't hold much. Its hard to squeeze a notice in when others are in there. The folders stick very well but are not like post its. Dont expect to detach and reattach them. All in all I wouldnt spend money on these. My husband, however does the ordering at work and they are put to good use there. He just put in an order for some so they might be much better in a work environment.
The first thing I didn't like was the price for only three in a package. Also, I did not find the sizes very useful. They have double stick post it type tape to put them in place and it is easily removable but I'm not sure how well they will stick once moved several times especially with added weight of being paper stuffed.I was hoping the largest size would fit inside of the cover of my spiral bound notebook to hold lose pages and notes but it extends past the edges of the cover to accommodate sheet size so maybe it would work better in a lose leaf type notebook cover that is larger or some other application that seems to be escaping me. These are also not gusseted so you can't fit much in them. I put the small one on the fridge but found it a bit too short in width, it will hold a few receipts when folded up or coupons but not tons. The middle size I really couldn't think of a use for so I put it on my notebook to hold a pen because it reminded me of a pocket protector.I really just didn't get the point of this product at all, I had trouble even finding a use for them. Maybe if the package showed more ideas of their intended purpose they would be better received.
I got these because they're billed as &#34;erasable,&#34; and since other reviewers claim they truly are, I'm baffled. I tried writing on the tabs with a Sharpie, a ballpoint pen and a pencil, and none of them could be erased. If a special writing instrument is needed or a specific tactic to erase, it's not mentioned in the very sparse verbiage that came with the product. So I went to the Wilson-Jones website and found a forum whereby a buyer asked the same question I have. Here is the Wilson-Jones answer: &#34;To ensure best erasability, write on the tabs with pencil or an erasable ball point pen.&#34; Seriously? Pencil and &#34;erasable ballpoint pen&#34; are erasable on ordinary paper products! So what's the selling point for these &#34;erasable&#34; tabs? In fact, I couldn't even erase pencil from these tabs.If I wanted normal dividers that can't be erased, I would have gotten something else, because these are very thin. Some might like the fact that they're colorful, but I see that as a detriment. Some of the dividers are black or dark brown on one side, with a busy print of very high-contrast shapes on the other, and since the so-called erasable tab is a transparent piece of plastic-type material, how are you supposed to easily read what you've written on the tab? The background is either super-dark or see-through. Even if you used a white or yellow ink, you'd have a tough time reading it on the fancy-print side.So those are the cons. Pros: They're inexpensive. And the concept is good, if only they were truly erasable. I hope someone can post a comment explaining how these can be erased.
While very pretty, the Wilson Jones Index Dividers are simply not durable.  The dividers are made out of thin paper material that much really isn't heavier weight than standard printer paper.  With such thin index dividers, I can imagine these will rip very easily and very quickly after a couple of uses.  For the cost you're paying for the design, I would sooner buy more quality dividers and cover them with scrapbooking paper for the design.  I would not recommend buying these and would instead get some good plastic index dividers.
These tab index dividers are basically just colorful printer paper with tabs on them. They do have reinforcement on the hole punch side and on the tab, but other than that it's pretty flimsy paper. I was hoping for something with a heavier weight, like cardstock. The colors and designs are nice, but I don't think these dividers will stand up to very much abuse/use.
I don't understand why the advertising info about these dividers doesn't match the info on the actual pack of dividers.  The pack I got says nothing about being erasable or being made of heavyweight stock.  For what it's worth, my tabs were erasable when I write with pencil.  It's great that these are printed with soy ink, but they are as thin as a nice piece of paper.  They aren't even as thick as cheap cardstock.  They are reinforced along the hole-punched edge and are really cute, but I just can't get over how thin they are.FYI, Here's what was printed on the adversiting on the package I received:* Easy to write on tabs* Complementary solid color on back* 3-Hole punched* 5 Unique designs-Printed with soy ink-Made in China-Fits 3-ring binders
The contrast stitching is a nice touch, but the brown hue is pretty unappealing. Likewise, I would envision this to be somewhere around the $4.99 mark (there's not much to it). Moreover, while there is a pocket on the inside, it is only attached on two sides and pretty loose, so papers easily fall out.The instructions on how to recycle the case are ON the binder itself in GIANT print. There is no way to remove it.  For this reason, I would not dream of using it in a professional setting. And, the appearance is a bit too &#34;mature&#34; for a child to take to school.I think there are better, equally as &#34;green&#34; products out there. Maybe consider one of those.
I got this to because it said easy squeeze which it is but its so heavy you can't use it long.  I ended up putting more effort than not.  Totally disappointed.
When I saw this online I thought it was pretty cool but when I got it home it wasn't what I thought it was feels pretty cheap
I was really hoping for a product that would see my hubby through his business meetings, but this isn't it. While it looks great on the outside, the inside is rather lacking. The business card holder, along with the file pockets, only hold a couple pieces of paper. The three ring binder section is fine, but if you need to hold loose papers or take/hold business cards for/from multiple people, there's just no room. The elastic around the binder to help secure loose papers also really doesn't do much. Papers still easily fall out unless you have a hole punch available so they can be secured by the binder rings. There's also a funky chemical smell to this binder (as others have mentioned) this is very off-putting. For the cost, there are many better options.
I received this binder free in exchange for an honest, unbiased review, and that's what you're getting. If I had paid $20 for this binder, I would be super disappointed (and not just because I have since read all the one-star reviews about the toxic vinyl chemicals it contains). The cover is indeed &#34;fancier&#34; than a typical 3-ring binder, but it's also flimsier feeling and not as solid. You can flex and bend the entire binder easily with your hand, which I'm not concerned will damage my papers, but I just don't like the feel of it. The pen-holder thing broke before I even used it (I have a bad habit of pulling tags off instead of cutting them off, and pulling the tag ripped the pen holder off right along with it).It is basically just a glorified 3-ring binder on the inside. It has decent three rings that seem strong enough, a slot for a business card, and a thin pocket on both the front and back covers that could perhaps hold one or two sheets of paper. It isn't anything fancy, and aside from the pretty cover, which I think looks better in the picture than it does in real life, this is just a binder. Is it worth $20? Not in my opinion. Ten or fifteen dollars, maybe.I can see why the high-star reviews are from people who are using these as a professional presentation binder, because they do look nicer than a plastic binder, BUT for everyday functionality, I would keep looking.
There was a time when the name Wilson Jones stood for good quality. Having recently reviewed a different Wilson Jones binder and now this one, I think that reputation for quality is a thing of the past.I was quite excited about receiving this binder, as the idea of the &#34;cut and sewn&#34; cover made it sound as though it would be covered with heavy material. It is not. The vinyl cover is thin and on the binder I received, it doesn't fit tightly over the chipboard covers. The result is a wavy finish that looks. . . cheap.When you run your hand over the cover, it feels plasticky. Again, cheap. At almost $20, it is not cheap to buy. Were I buying it, I wouldn't pay over $5, and I might not pay that.The problems don't end when you open the covers. This inside coverings are so tightly adhered to the chipboard covers that I could barely insert a sheet of ordinary copy or typing paper. The three ring binder apparatus appears to be the same quality you would find in a one dollar binder from the dollar store. It doesn't feel substantial or reliable. My binder had strips of cardboard protruding from each side of the binder rings. My first though was they were there to protect the cover from the rings pressing into them (and they may be) but as they don't remove, I now think they are meant to be paper lifters, to keep the paper from settling below the rings and tearing. This would be thoughtful and useful it they were sturdy plastic instead of lightweight cardboard. They too look cheap.All in all this is a greatly overpriced product manufactured with poor quality control and cheap products. Very disappointing.
I was not much impressed with this notebook.  It is kind of a light weight and thin cardboard and was a little warped.  There are lots of nice notebooks available that are practical and maybe not as fancy but they will last a lot longer than this notebook.
This is a very pretty binder. However, its very stiff and doesn't close all the way. Its hard to open and close, and when shut it remains open at the end. The cardboard sides are bowed in the middle (which might just be the one I have) and all in all the binder is very heavy. The three rings inside have to be opened at both ends at the same time, and are very stiff. Also, the rings are very small for the size of the binder. All in all, I'd give this one a miss.
After using this for a while I have to change my review:While it is easy to press down with minimal effort, I found that unless you press down pretty hard the staples don't always flatten.  These could poke out, and the special staples it uses are pretty sharp.  While it's not going to do a lot of damage, it's annoying to have to keep removing and re-stapling.  I just want my stapler to work.  It also kind of undermines the whole "reduced effort" selling point.  I really can't recommend this stapler.  That being said if you don't mind slaming it down it will get the job done.
The only advantage is that it can staple about 60 pages (claim is 75) with ease because it has more leverage due to its big size. But it is heavy, bulky, takes a lot of room on the desk and uses properieteryStanley Bostitch B8 Xtra High Carbon PowerCrown Staples (STCR75XHC)that are more than double the price of  Swingline staples. The stapler itself does not come with any staples at all and standard staples -Swingline S.F. 3 Premium Chisel Point Staples, 0.25 Inch Leg Length, 105 Count Half Strips, Silver, 5000 Staples per Box (S7035440)- do not fit in this stapler. The basis for antibacterial claim is hard to figure out. The stapler comes with no instructions or staples and you have to figure out to press the button and then pull staple housing forward to load the staples.There is a reason it probably does not come with any staples: when you order the staples, you are going to feel ripped off! Most expensive staples out there.Even if you need to staple multiple pages (>50), I feel thatSwingline Deluxe Heavy Duty Stapler (S7039005R), which, as of now is a few cents more expensive, is better constructed and more ergonomic stapler. In the long run you will save a lot in the cost of staples with Swingline stapler because the staples for this Stanley stapler are exorbitantly expensive.
Without a doubt, this has to be the worst pencil sharpener I have ever used.  If you push slightly too hard, it will not spin.  Too soft and it will not sharpen.  Also, it will sharpen only certain types of pencils made from a certain type of material but will not even work on other types of pencils like colored pencils.  Furthermore, if you do get it to sharpen, it only makes a small dull tip that requires sharpening every couple of minutes of use or it breaks the lead and you have to start all over again.  To top it off, I would expect a sturdier build from a name like Stanley Bostitch, but instead, looks and feels like something you would get at a dollar store made in China.  I'm sure that if I actually used this every day, it wouldn't last more than a month.  This thing is awful.  The only reason I was nice enough to give it 2 stars is that I was able to get one pencil to sharpen with it out of about 6 pencils tried.
The whole point of a battery-powered pencil sharpener is portability. At 3 1/4" x 2 1/4" x 1 1/2", this Stanley Bostitch can fit into a student's backpack relatively easily. With batteries installed, it weighs 5.1 Oz, which is probably an acceptable weight to add to the kid's shoulder. For its target customers, students who are old enough to take care of a simple machinery but young enough to prefer machine assistance over manual operation, the concept has its worth.It is in execution of the concept that this item fails. First, its cutter is not the rotating cylinder type used in desktop pencil sharpeners. Instead, it uses a thin razor type blade common in hand-operated sharpeners such asSchool Smart Hand Pencil Sharpener - Box of 24, which cost about 7 cents each. This leads to higher risk of breaking the graphite core of the pencils. There is no sensor to stop the motor. A plastic piece stops the pencil from advancing indefinitely. This works most of the time, but it further increases the risk of breakage.The build quality is just one step above shabby and instruction is nonexistent. The batteries must be installed in a particular way, or the motor would either not work at all or turn the blade in the wrong direction. But strangely, the direction for battery installation is not found in either the compartment or the cover. It is instead located at the bottom of the unit. I did not see it until well after the mystery was solved through trial and error. There is no shaving tray. The entire cutting area serves as temporary storage for pencil shavings. To clean them out, one must remove the translucent plastic cover, which does not go back in easily. Considering that the intended users are kids in elementary school, this is probably the worst design failure in this sharpener.
At least if you found this at your local $ store, you would be able to choose your color from the carton.  I got one with a black border, and it would look awful on my refrigerator door where I had anticipated placing it.  So, I decided to mount it to the wall by my desk.  Problem is, the sticky pads are permanent--not like Command Strip backings.The clear plastic of the magnets areis scuffed right out of the packaging.  The joints on the frame don't come together tightly.  Tiny staples hold everything together.  The marker holds very little ink and the eraser--also very tiny--is attached, so you won't be able to wash the eraser easily.I know it is not much money, but still, it is so cheap looking, I'll use it, but otherwise keep it out of sight.
I don't expect this board to last long.  The whiteboard part is moe like contact paper and the flimsy plastic frame is already separating.  I use this for short term reminders so it gets erased pretty quick. I suspect that long term notes would stain up I haven't tested that out yet. I don't believe id purchase more of these.  I'll look for something a little better, even for hidden reminder boards.
I hate to say this, but this item looks like something you could buy in the dollar store.It's not very well made.  Mine had visible cracks around each side on the front of the magnetic board, where you could see a gap.You place the sticky pads along each corner on the back, then place the square magnet over that.  The pen you place on the top, that also has a sticky square.Mine came with a yellow border, which I would not have picked given a choice.The board itself, the measurements are 8.5 &#34; X 11&#34;, so it's not very large.It says you can place it on any magnetic surface, so I decided to place mine on my refrigerator, but it keeps sliding down.This magnetic board does come with 2 round magnets.
I own several Quartet whiteboards of varying sizes, all of which are of far superior quality than this current product.  The boarder is a solid light blue plastic that looks and feels cheap.  The illustrated picture looked different than my product.  The seams are very noticeable and loosely connected.  Two magnets are included, mine had a striped rainbow appearance, not silver as illustrated.  The magnets and the pastel blue border really gave this product a &#34;kid feel.&#34;The Amazon description calls this a 9x11 inch magnetic whiteboard (frames may vary).  My product description on the package advertises Magnetic Dry Erase Board 8.5x11 (assorted frame colors) therefore the description appears to be a bit off.  Regardless, the true writing area (minus the frame) is only about 7 1/2 by 9 1/2.The included 3M stickers are holding solid and I did like that the magnets were labeled &#34;Tape Side&#34; to ensure that you adhere them correctly.  It does arrive with one marker.  You can also attach the clear plastic tab to hold the marker in whatever location you desire (side, top or bottom) as it also attached with a 3M sticker.  Upon arrival, you will notice that this clear tab is merely temporarily taped in place.I am certain that when this white board falls to the ground that the frame will snap off due to the flimsy construction.Unless this is priced really inexpensively, I would steer clear.
Kinda cute, directions are clear on how to install 3M-adhesive-covered little foam blocks and then install little black magnets with correct side clearly indicated. Did those maneuvers, then happily walked to refrigerator where there is the perfect space. Trouble is, this board then promptly slid right down to the floor. The magnets simply aren't strong enough to hold the weight. Not much weight either. What is this company thinking? They can't be using us for product testing - they know we tell the truth in reviews.Other than that, this is a cute, inexpensive  little message or list board complete with its own pen. That part works. But now what do I do? The 3M adhesive works fine so the magnets aren't coming back off so now I'm stuck with something that doesn't work for its intended purpose. There was no way to test for this function without putting it together. Other magnetic things stick to my metal-skinned fridge just fine. Maybe I can put one of them below this thing, hoping the stronger magnet can prevent the ol' downward slide and that the board won't simply flop over!It is probably the usual case of an "off-shore" manufacturer contracting to produce goods and then substituting inferior materials in order to increase profit...
This is a nice looking board and I do like the face that it is dry erase and magnetic on the front.  I do not know why they used such weak magnets for the back side because don't most people stick this to their fridge?  If you put this on your fridge it will simply slide to the floor.  Interesting that the company has a note on the back label that says that if you are not satisfied they will make it better at their own expense.  Sounds like a good company policy but you will need to call them on it if you want to use this on your fridge!
I stuck the magnets to the board as directed, making sure to face the magnets in the right direction. But they're so weak the board won't stick to the fridge. It just slides down and off.If you don't want to use the magnets, adhesive pads are provided. But this would make the board a more permanent attachment than I want or need.The board erases well but the included marker clips onto the top, which isn't easy to do if the board shifts around.The price is right for this board if you don't mind using the adhesive pads rather than the magnets. I don't want to stick gluey pads onto my walls, though, so I'm going to have to throw this away.
This is a dispenser for post it notes which dispenses them one at a time. It is sturdy and adorable but pointless for me. Id rather just pull a sheet off the pad then fumble with this dispenser. If you dont pull right, the paper gets stuck. It also doesnt use regular post it pads, you have to buy refill pads which are more expensive. Once the pad that came with this is depleted I probably wont use this again.
I utilized the fasteners to hang photographs in the office and in my home.  Nonetheless, there's nothing extraordinary about the product.  I wouldn't purchase this item in the future.
I bought these with the expectation that I would be able to see the entire Caller ID Name and Number displayed but that is not always the case if the name is longer than the display characters available. That seems to be the case more often than not. I would not buy it again. All the other functions work well however with good range and good sound quality.
It is a pop-up Post-It note dispenser/paper weight - there's no doubt about that. However, #1 it's just too big and takes up valuable desk space.  The black gloss makes it look like a cheap piece of plastic (I think the intent was to look like a river stone perhaps?)  The other main issue is the loading mechanism.  Currently use the square holders with a straight down spring loading mechanism.  This one works by placing the notes into the top of the shape and then pushing down with a twist.  I don't know about anyone else, but the notes got bent and do not lay flat. I'm loyal to the square ones until they improve this design.
This pop up dispenser has a nice heft to it to keep it from sliding around on your desk and has a rubber grip on the bottom. The black sleek is very elegant and professional looking for any decor. However, it was extremely frustrating and difficult to set up. We tried for over 20 minutes each to get this dispenser to work correctly and we could not. When we finally inserted the post its, they were very hard to pop out. I wouldn't recommend this style dispenser.
I used about 16 of these adhesive tabs to hang a long greeting card on a dry, painted surface.  It wasn't long before I noticed more than several of the tabs had come loose.  I pushed them against the wall again, but to no avail.I couldn't imagine hanging a poster with these without having the same effect.  In all fairness, the wall is hot, as it faces an eastern exposure, but that shouldn't affect the adhesiveness.  I'll try them out with other items and surfaces and update this review, but I've never been actually disappointed with a Scotch product's quality until now.
I received these to review for the Amazon Vine program.  We have recently repainted my sons bedroom and thought these would be great for him to re-hang his posters.  The thought of not having little thumb tack holes all over the fresh walls was very appealing.Unfortunately within minutes of hanging the first poster fell.  By the next morning, everything was on the floor.  I cannot recommend these for semi gloss painted walls.  Perhaps on a flat paint they may work.
These reusable tabs seem like they'd be great for the office - home or work - but they fail in quite a spectacular fashion. I've used them on several different items on various surfaces and the object has fallen 9/10 times. The first object was some postcard-type art prints that I have decorating my desk at home. To hang these, I used one tab on the back and secured it firmly, by pressing and wiggling, to the luan backing (that fake wood-type backing they give you in the put together yourself sets) and three out of the seven I hung up fell or partially fell. I also used it on a double sized postcard using two tabs and that fell, as well.At work I have used a single tab to hang a single sheet of paper to a metal wall and it has held wonderfully so far. I've also tried to use these to hang up a small fabric decoration that I have at work to the same metal wall and that has fallen so many times that I switched back to using tape loops like I was before I got these.Seems like it would be a good product - it's reusable, cleanable, and there's plenty in a pack at 72, but I believe there is a reason the picture on the front of the package is an action shot of paper streamers. Anything heavier than that would crash and burn!
I loved how this worked in the beginning - it doesn't hurt the paint nor the paper, and I could reuse them easily when I have to move the posters around.Well, that was great, until about a month later.I came into my classroom finding my posters (smaller than the regular posters, only about 1/3 or 3/5 of a regular poster's size, laminated) fallen on the floor. This happened in a stretch of a week. I put them back onto the wall, and found the same thing again a few days later.I am not sure how these would work on a more shiny surface, such as a plastic or glass surface, but on a painted surface, it didn't last too long.On the bright side, I could move them onto my wooden and metal cabinets... those didn't fall off.
The colors are a bit more vibrant than regular sharpies but the brush tip smooshes easily and does not hold it's shape. After only a few light uses the tips have spread out and are no longer able to be used for any detailed work. I would recommend getting regular sharpies in a couple of different tip sizes instead of buying these. They seem to be no more or less colorfast than the typical sharpie either so I don't really see the value in these specialized markers. Regular sharpies will do the job just fine and other jobs as well.
I had high hopes for these reusable stickers: alternative to magnets on the refrigerator, hang artwork on walls or windows.  My package contained 18 pink reusable shapes (circle, heart, star) and my kids quickly found some items that we wanted to hang.  The package says they'll hold up to 3/4 lb, but after a week only 1 of our photographs is still sticking to the refrigerator.  Two photographs (matted on heavy duty construction paper) fell off the fridge every hour. I put them on a window but they also failed to stick (even with 4 stickers). I must admit that I (and my kids) quickly lost interest in these, but after reading some other reviews I may try some other surfaces.These have been mostly a novelty in my household. Very cute. But I'm a little underwhelmed and surprised that they did not work better.
I was excited to try these out; unfortunately, as cute as they are, they simply aren't functional.  I used 8 of them to hang up a small picture (8 x 11), that had a light mat underneath it (definitely weighing less than the 3/4 pound indicated, no frame).  They worked great at first, but two days later the picture fell off the wall.  They didn't leave any residue on the wall, so that's a good thing, but beyond the cuteness and lack of residue, I can't recommend this product.
i thought these would be great for sticking flyers to my business' front glass door, but the first time i went to replace the flyer and reuse the stickers, the paper tore off and stuck to them. it was difficult to peel the paper off the stickers. great idea, but didn't work so well in practice.
I'm not at all fond of products that people really don't need.  Scotch Restickable Shapes is an item you won't need if you have refrigerator magnets, Post-Its, or simple, old-fashioned tape.The gimmick here is that you get 18 assorted shapes in three color choices -- blue, pink, or orange --  which can be used for mounting pictures, photos, messages, notes, children's art work, etc.  The stickers can be placed either on the front or the back (the shapes have double-sided adhesive) of the item to be mounted.  They adhere to practically all flat surfaces, including stainless steel, plastic, concrete, glass, wood, or painted walls.I suppose kids will enjoy the novelty and pizzazz of using these colorful objects to display their drawings, poems, report cards, award certificates, and commendations in common areas of the household for all to see.  They're not that expensive, so if you want your child to have some fun putting up his/her work, these shapes should do the trick.They're also a wall-safe alternative to thumb tacks or nails, since the mounting tabs can be removed without harm to either the wall or the object itself.  They're economical, since they're reusable.  However, with repeated use, the adhesive will weaken and they will not remain reliable.For adults, they're an elaborate way to do a simple job and, in fact, tend to be too large and cumbersome.
Okay Paper Mate has designed a better looking, light, well balanced pen casing, but they have not improved on the most important feature, the ballpoint. IT STILL BLEEDS.  The ink is smoother, colors are vivid, but that ballpoint tip still can't hold it in, it BBBBBLLLLEEEEEDDDDDSSSSSS...............
I love Paper Mate products and almost exclusively use their pens.  I was very excited to hear about the Inkjoy line (the name alone made me smile!).  Unfortunately the 300RT pens have been a major disappointment.  First the good: (1) the colored inks are quite nice and (2) um...that's about it.  The problem is that pens have had serious problems with smudging and leaking.  Almost half of the pens from my 8-pack almost immediately started leaking so severely that it's difficult for the pen to retract.  To use these pens, I have to clean the nib, which is covered in goo, and then I still have issues with smudging (I eventually threw away the offenders).  The pens are also not very attractive, with a totally straight barrel and a rather odd-looking clip.Instead of these pens, I highly recommend the Paper Mate Profiles, which come in the same colors and with which I have never had any problems with leaking or smudging.  The Profiles are also better looking and more comfortable.  From reading through other reviews, I see that not all customers have had issues with pens leaking; however, half of my 300RT pens have leaked, and I never had any of my dozens of Profile pen leak.
When you buy the "other brand", you usually do so for the cost. That's why it surprised me that they are currently more expensive when the closest product is compared Amazon to Amazon (price per sheet). To me, that means that the product should preform just as well or better. (Price compared with:Post-it Notes, Original Pad, 3 Inches x 3 Inches, Recycled, Assorted Pastel, 75 Sheets per Pad, Six Pads per Pack (5416-RP-AP))Unfortunately, they're just not as good. And it's the stickability that is the problem! The stickiness itself is fine, but the paper curl is much worse than on a Post-It Note. This means that after you stick them, the stuck part curls and then they come off. It can take a minute or they may have fallen by morning, but they do! I thought I just didn't press enough at first, but the same problem exists even if I make sure to rub across the sticky part a couple times. I then tried to pull the sticky notes off different to make them curl less. I quickly decided that even if possible--I don't want to spend my time being careful how I pull a sticky note off a pad!This matters most if stuck vertically. They stay ok when stuck horizontally (but still curl). Post-It notes do curl when you pull them off the pad, but the stickyness overcomes the curl when stuck. You may be ok if you only post in books. I leave notes on fridges, monitors, phones and more--and I can trust the Post-It brand to stay where I put them!Most things are just as good. The colors are great. You can write on them easily. They stick without leaving any marks. They are easily removed. But that doesn't matter much when they fail the most important test--staying stuck!I give this just two stars because they don't seem ready for prime time:-I won't use this brand, and I use Post-It Notes every day-I wouldn't suggest the product to others-They fail most in the versatility which is exactly why I use the other notes.added 7/13: I was using the blue ones through my whole review testing. Last night I started using the purple ones. 2 out of 3 purple ones stayed stuck overnight. That's still a one third fall rate, and all of the purple ones still did curl. Either their paper consistency isn't there or perhaps their's something in the blue dye that makes the curl worse--I dunno.
These are simple enough - supposed to be like Post-It notes.  Well, they are not.  They are too sticky and leave a residue wherever I apply them.Stay with the name brand...these aren't worth it.
I thought I'd give these Avery Sticky Notes a try over the other brand, thinking "how different could a sticky note be?"Turns out, quite different. The first thing I noticed is that you can actually see the adhesive on the note. It's either residue on the next note left after you remove the top note, or the adhesive is just coming through the back of the note to the front. So the notes appear to have a two-tone color to them, where the top quarter of the note is a different color.They seem to require a lot more force to remove the top-most note from the pad. The adhesive seems to hold the pads together quite well.However, I suspect that some of the adhesive is left on the next note. Why? They don't stick well on many surfaces. I recently tried these out before going away, by leaving notes on certain doors and surfaces, since somebody who was stopping by to check on things. Within 30 minutes, several of the notes fell to the floor. I had to add a strip of tape to the notes to keep them in place. This defeats their intended purpose.If you remove a note from the pad, the corners at the adhesive turn-up dramatically. I think this keeps the notes from remaining attached to the intended surfaces. The paper will curl-away, and eventually the note will fall to the floor.I'll only use these for writing notes to myself or for attaching them to other papers, where they seem to adhere well. For other purposes, I wouldn't rely on them. If you leave a note for somebody, it will probably fall to the floor and end up missed.
A see-through sticky note is a great product concept. Using something like this would allow users to write comments about something underneath, while it would be unnecessary to remove the note to see what is underneath as well.That being said, I thought the execution of the concept here was only fair to poor. First, the "paper" is like vellum (sort of like thin plastic) which I personally don't care for when looking for something to write upon. Second, the adhesive picked up pencil writing on a page that I stuck a note to when I was trying them out. Third, although pencil and regular ink do not rub off the surface of the note, gel pen rubs off easily which could make a mess using these in a book. Fourth, it is easy to see through the note when it is stuck to a page, but the yellow color might distort the color of something underneath which might be an issue for some uses - I did not actually try these notes out on a page with color illustrations, but it seems a likely problem there so I mention it.As I said, great concept, but only fair to poor execution.
These are advertised as "see through" yellow sticky notes.  I was disappointed, because they aren't really see through at all -- and in the description, it calls them "transparent."  Believe me, it's anything but.  In fact, they are barely translucent.  Just yellow, very slick plastic like paper that can be difficult to write on.  So because you can't see "thru" them - I'm not sure why they are calling them that.  I would not recommend them for that purpose.
Cool, you can stick these plastic yellow notes on something and still see what is underneath. I thought it would be perfect for my wife who has a thing for sealable plastic storage bags, which she loves because you don't have to open them to see what's inside.  After the slight "wow" factor, these notes don't seem like such a wonderful idea after all.  First, almost anything you post them to is going to be substantially larger than the note, so it is stil easy to see what's under the note. Second, since you can see through the note, what you write on it becomes harder to read if you post it on top of anything with words or even patterns. Why make notes that are harder to read? I'm already confused enough.Third, its small but its plastic. Should I be peeling it off before tossing the paper I stuck it to into the recycling bin? With paper sticky notes there is no such problem. Last, the surface is very slick, so don't use a pen that delivers lots of ink or it will smear. All that said, the product does exactly what Avery says it does. It is transparent, writable and removable. If that rocks your boat, go for it. Otherwise, go with the standardPost-it Original Notes, 3 x 3 Inches, Canary Yellow, 100-Sheet Pads (12 Pads per Pack) (654-YW). Sorry Avery.
So, these sticky notes sounded great in concept.  They are made of a see-through material so that you can stick them on a page and still see the text underneath.  However, in reality, they did not work for me.  First, they are 3"x3", so any comments you want to make about the text below needs to fit within the 3"x3" area.  Rarely do I have the need to make editorial comments where writing them over a 3"x3" area will work.  Often, I need to make a single word change or change large parts of a sentence, neither of which work great with this product.  A single word change was too small for this product and wasted it, and a sentence edit stretched too far to fit on a single sheet.  Second, they are made out of plastic.  They don't erase well with pencil (pencil actually smears), so you are stuck with ink (some of which also smear if they don't dry fast enough, such as some brands of gel pens).  You can't recycle them, so you are now using one piece of plastic and then tossing it in the trash.  Maybe for others this product will work, but for the type of normal text editing I do, they just didn't work out that great.
I am always posting notes everywhere, so I was glad to try these out for the Amazon Vine customer review program.  Normally, I purchase Post-Its, so I was curious to see if these were any better.  On the plus side, these recycled paper notes don't have the rough texture that recycled paper products usually have, which makes it difficult to write on with an ink pen.  I did not have to retrace any letters while writing on these.  The reason that I will return to buying Post-Its, however, is that these notes are not sticky.  Within minutes of posting a note in my kitchen, the corners began to lift off.  I don't have confidence that it will stay up for long.  At about the same price as Post-Its, these are not worth buying.  If you want to be green, get the Post-Its with plant-based adhesives (a product I recently reviewed favorably).
I didn't find much difference between these "new" sticky notes than the regular sticky notes,  other than these are somewhat more transparent, but not enough to easily read what's behind them.  I don't see any advantage in buying these over the regular ones.
Avery perforated sticky notes confuse me. Why do you need them to be perforated? Seems to me that if you want a piece of paper that is not a sticky note to write on, then don't waste your money on these perforated sticky notes only to use them as a regular piece of scrap paper. I don't get it.
I'm generally a big sticky-note user and fan of all types of note.  I figured the perforation on these would be another interesting and useful feature.  However, I quickly discovered that the tear-off was rarely if ever an asset.  Most of the time, if I want to remind myself of something, I just stick the note onto whatever it is that I need to remember. For instance, if it's a book I need to return, the note gets stuck on the cover, or if it's groceries, it goes on the fridge.  When I want to take the note off, I just, you know, peel it off.  Having a tear away strip did absolutely nothing for this functionality since I really don't want to leave little half-notes all over the place, and being the forgetful person I am, that's what happened.The other possible use I thought of was sticking them in as book markers, but the problem then is that unlike "flags" there's not a little tab that sticks up.  You just tore off your note; now you have a place marker that doesn't even stick out of the book to remind you it's there, and you sure aren't going to want to scribble tiny little notes on the half note left stuck there.So, the question with these really became: "when am I going to want to leave a tiny strip of sticky paper somewhere?"  So far, the answer has been "never."
We tried these at our office and several people used them. The result... not very good. Every single person went back to using 3-M Post-It notes. Sorry, but it wasn't just me.
This cube of sticky notes is attractive to the eye but the adhesive on the notes is not sticky enough.  I will be leaving these notes by the phone in my office and using something else when I want a note that sticks.
These are your standard sticky notes in a large assorted colored pad (exactly as shown in picture).  The one thing that distinguishes them from other sticky note pads that I have used is that the pad is held together not only by the glue on each note but also by a glue binding.  I really like that feature because it is harder to accidentally pull the pad apart.  My problem with this pad is that the adhesive is weak and once a sheet is pulled off the note does not stick down well and the corners both start pulling up within a matter of seconds.  I would not purchase these for that reason alone.
That pretty much says it all. For sticky notes these are not very sticky. They sorta stick the first time you put one on, somethings. Some of,, well,,, a lot of the places that the "Post-it Notes" stick, these won't stick at all. And if you pull it off and try to stick it someplace else, good luck. You may as well get out the tape. Another thing is the surface of the paper. It has a 3/4" wide band at the top that's slick enough that my favorite Cross Pen doesn't like to write on it and the rest of the paper is almost as slick making my pen want to skip when writing on it. Part of it could be my pen since it is a bit picky about what it will write on but if one does it others probably will too. But the bigger negative on these is that they just don't stick very well, so as a sticky note they are not doing what they are supposed to be made for. Sorry Avery, these just don't work like they should.
These aren't as good as the other sticky notes I use, these don't stick as well and want to fall off, I have to use tape to make them stay. This kind of defeats the purpose of having sticky notes if you must use tape to keep them stuck in place. I really thought avery would be better than this, I like their other products and the stickiness of the other products.
At first, I thought they were as good as Post-It stickies; however, the only similarity is that they come in stacks (this one a large one, which, for me, was very convenient.) Sadly, they aren't that sticky. I post Post-Its usually on my computer to remind me of things. With this product, you get what you pay for....it's a bit cheap. My stickies don't stay on long (I think a few days was the max that ONE stayed on,) but mostly they don't last that long. The stickyness wears off FAST. With Post-Its, I can re-stick them and they will stick and stay; with these, it doesn't work. I had a small pile by my keyboard from all of the stickies on my computer that keep falling off. As of late, I have to pretty much use tape to keep them on the computer, and on the desk - which is the other place where I keep them; however, knowing I don't want tape on my desk, I try to weight them down with something.These are rather disappointing. : (
I love the bright, almost neon colors, on these Sticky Notes.  Unfortunately, in a side-by-side challenge for "stickiness" with regular Post-it Notes, the Post-it note win, hands down.  Oh, these will stay on a flat wall, but only if you don't accidentally brush against them.  I suspect a good, stiff breeze would also dislodge the Avery Sticky Note.  Unfortunately, an accidental bump (a light one at that) sent my Avery note flying.  Of course, with the bright colors, it's easy to find it after the paper has fallen to the floor, but I prefer the boring yellow Post-it Notes that stay where I put them until *I* want to remove them.  I'll stick with Post-it Notes.
**** Edited 7-22-11  I initially was pleased with these Sticky Notes, until summer arrived. The thing is, they are not "sticking" very well and continually fall down from where I have stuck them. I would guess the summer heat may be to blame, but they should work regardless of the season. After discovering this, I lowered my score by 2 stars, from 4 to 2.  I DO live in a hot area of Southern California and rarely use the AC.See original review below:To review the Avery Sticky Notes 400 sheet cube I am comparing it to my old standby Post It's.  First off, the Sticky Notes are just a bit smaller in size , not quite as long from top to bottom.  Also, unlike  Post It's multi pack with separate pads, the Sticky Notes need to be manually separated by color if you want to use multiple colors as they are all stuck together in one big clump.  NO big deal but you do need to take the time to put them apart at strategic locations if you want to use the yellow or red or green before running out of the blue color on top.The thickness of the paper seems right in line with a Post It but the glue itself seems a little bit less.  I was able to stick and remove the Sticky Note sheet 10 times with no trouble getting it to stick again each time. That should be fine for anyone's use.  Basically we are down to price and right now the Post It's give you 50 more sheets and cost a bit less than the Sticky Notes. On the other hand, you do get one more color to choose from with the Sticky Notes.  As you can tell, I am really on the fence between the two products as far as the quality and usefulness, but if price were your #1 concern then watch for sales on both brands as either would do nicely.
These notes function as your standard post-it, unless you need the note without the sticky top and then you can use the perforate feature to detach it.  For me that is a infrequently needed feature, so I generally use these as I would any other post it. That makes its most noted feature not very useful for me.  I tend to lose the notes without the sticky portion.
Truth is, I really haven't found a good use for these perforated sheets yet. I love the size, and it is just right for longer notes & shopping lists. But why the tear off? I just don't get it. Perhaps I don't have a good use for them.Regardless, the sticky portion of this note is less than satisfying. The sticky portion of that other major brand is much better -- sticks better, stays longer, and doesn't get gummy. Because the adhesive is so bad, maybe that's why there is a tearoff.I like the color, though. Add one star for that.
There is little to distinguish this paper from any other quality paper from GP, Hammermill, IP, HP or any other mill. They all work hard to provide a quality paper from sustainable sources, and are made in the US or Canada.This paper does what it says it does. It works nicely in all of our printers: an HP ink jet, an HP laser, and an OKI led "laser" printer. The paper feeds smoothly and prints cleanly. 92 bright shows the colors well. If you want a good 24 lb paper you can't go wrong with this one.For my money, though, I would continue to buy 20 lb rather than this 24 lb variety. At the time of this writing I can buy five reams of 20 lbGP Copy & Print Paperwith the same 92 brightness (2500 sheets) for about the same money as three reams of this.UPDATE 3/2/2013I serviced paper mills as part of my job and paper mills have a distinct odor due to the raw pulp being processed.After running a large job through my Okidata laser printer using this paper, I have to lower my rating from 4 stars to 2. While the paper fed smoothly, when the paper comes out of the printer it has that distinctive raw pulp odor while the sheets are still warm. The odor quickly dissipates once the paper cools, but no other paper I have run though this printer in over six years has given off any order.Bottom line: I would not buy this paper.
This Scott box tape dispenser is not worth your time.  While it cuts great, you have to spend extra effort to start each swipe by holding the tape to the box with your fingers.  Having used theScotch Box Sealing Tape Dispenser HR80, 2 in(which works great), I find this particular dispenser quite frustrating.  Spend a few extra dollars for the HR80.  It makes your life a lot easier because you never have to manually handle the tape while laying down stripe after stripe.
I was intrigued by this product using two adhesive strips, to keep the stack flat until used. In practice, it has some problems:- Because there is no end flipping around, it is actually a bit harder to extract that single sticky sheet. One has to pry up a corner.- Once I had the note out and ready to post, the extra sticky made it difficult to figure out which end of the sheet had the "real" sticky. Most of the entire note felt sticky on the back.- It really didn't make any difference, because the sticky notes do not stick; they begin to come off almost immediately. The company needs to put more or different glue on there.I appreciate the design intent, and I like that the packages support schools via the "Box Tops for Education". But I cannot recommend this sticky note package until the product is better. Not recommended.
post-it curls are annoying, so i was excited to use these. unfortunately, these did not live up to my expectation:- each sticky note is more difficult to remove, instead of the classic post-its. i had trouble finding which side to unpeel.- there's an adhesive strip on the top and about 1/3 up from the bottom, so this also adds to why it's difficult to remove.- oddly, the notes didn't stay well on paper or regular surface. for something that has all that sticky adhesive, you'd think it'd stay put. so they ended up curling up from both ends.- i've always been able to move post-its around 2-3 times without any issues. not with this one.these sticky notes were either too sticky or not sticky enough. i think i'll stick with the regular post-its - at least they stay put.
The original Post-Its, and knock offs like this brand, had a mildly adhesive strip just along the top edge. Peeling one off gave the paper a bit of a curl. This sticky notes have an additional sticky strip about 4/5th down the note so you can have another point of adhesion. It almost works, too. However, since the paper still has a bit of a curl, one of the mildly-adhesive sticky ends tends to detach under the tension. It's usually the top strip that doesn't hold--I think it adheres to well to the pad and curls significantly as I peel it off. Peeling side to side is difficult, and even then the note still curls.I do like these for sticking on the the sides of monitors though, using only the edge for attachment. With the additional adhesive strip the notes stay in place. They still have the curling problem, however.
I absolutely love sticky notes - I used them constantly and they are stuck all over my desk. I'd not remember anything if it weren't for them. However, anyone who uses sticky notes extensively knows about their two main flaws: 1)Adhesive that isn't sticky enough, and 2)having the edge curl up constantly.  It seems that these sticky notes were specifically designed to solve the second problem.  What sets these apart from your average sticky note is that there is a second adhesive strip at the bottom of the note to get rid of the annoying page-curling problem.  It seems like a great idea, except that these sticky notes are some of the worst I've ever dealt with.  In fact, they are far worse than many sticky notes I've had that simply only have one adhesive strip.  The problem?  They seem to want to naturally curl upward constantly and do not want to stick to the desk.  I don't know why exactly, but the adhesive seems weak and the sticky note paper seems to only want to curl upward, resulting in a maddening curly sticky note that won't stay put.  Honestly, I applaud their great idea with the second adhesive strip but I cannot ignore the failure of this product nevertheless.  It was a good idea that didn't work out in practice.  Maybe if the paper had been made differently perhaps this would've worked.  As it is though, I can't really recommend this product to anyone.
I think the idea of a stay-flat note is better than the actual implementation of the idea.  It is a little awkward to use, with the two sets of "sticky" rows on the back rather than just one.  It works, but I think that when I am done using this order, I will go back to normal Post-It Notes instead of these stay flat ones.  I can't think of a single time where a Post-It not staying flat was a problem, so this is fixing a problem I have  never had.
The Avery lay flat stickies do not have enough staying power.  The glue on the back lost it's stickiness within 2 days.  Even notes that I do not reposition became loose leaf notes in two days.  Avery should revisit their glue formulation for these stickies, customers want their notes to stay flat, but they also need them to stick on longer.They did a great job on their flags but they stick on notes still leave much to be desired.
These notes look like the classic 3M Post-it notes but with an additional row of sticky on the bottom third so the note should theoretically lay flat.  I like the concept for situations where you really want the note to stay put.  Avery's product picture even shows an example where you can use these notes on cylinders which could be handy to some people.I've tested these notes over 2-3 days on a flat surface, and everyone of them that I've applied normally regardless of color is curling upwards due to the stick not holding firmly.  It seems that one problem is that when pulling the note off the pad, the stick is so strong that the paper curls due to the force and angle of removing.  With such sticking power, though, I thought that the stick would be able to counter the curling.  Immediately after placing the note, it lays flat but after a few minutes or hours the note starting curling up.  I've tried peeling a note off the pad from different angles as well as peeling slower/faster.  I've also tried pressing the note more firmly down.  The only thing that sometimes works is if I 'uncurl' the note in my hand before sticking on the surface which is somewhat annoying and hard to do w/o causing some bend 'markings' on the note.For comparison, I also tested a standard 3M Post-it next to this product on the same surface.  The 3M note never started curling or un-sticking during the test.  I'm not sure if 3M makes a lay-flat note like this product, however, which could have the same problem if it had the second stick row.Avery's lay-flats are a good idea but implemented poorly.  For standard, simple use, these notes do not lay flat and even start to curl up mostly at the top.  I'm sticking with 3M Post-its.
This is a nice concept.  The idea of having a sticky note with both top and bottom adhesion sounds like a wonderful idea.  In reality though, these really do not work all that well.  After a few minutes most of the sticky notes start curling up, usually from the top.It is a good idea, but the product needs to go back to the drawing board.  On a positive note, the paper itself is a good quality, as is used in other Avery sticky notes.
Avery has designed a sticky note line with some innovative ideas.  The idea behind the Lay Flat Sticky Notes was a good one.  Though I have never felt that standard sticky notes needed improvement, I can see where someone might want a note that lays flatter while they write, and does not have the paper curl up on the ends in the process.  The solution of adding a second strip was a good idea, it's just that it did not translate well in the product development phase of the item Avery produced.I use sticky notes every day at my job, and I actually have some notes on my computer screen that have been there for over a year.  The ends lay as flat as the day I put them there.  So you would think the extra adhesive strip that Avery added would just be a bonus feature to keep their sticky notes flat and in place.  Unfortunately, that is not the case.  I stuck the Avery sticky notes on two different surfaces--one on another sheet of paper, and the other on top of my desk.  The first thing I noticed was that if you remove the sheet from the pad and place it on another surface before you write on it, you get a little "bulge in the middle of the paper, between the sticky at the top of the note, and the other sticky  placed about 2/3 of the way down that paper.  No big deal, but it already blew the "lay flat" claim to these notes.  The bigger issue, however, is the peeling away at the top AND bottom of the note not long after you place it on another surface.  Within a few minutes, the bottom of the note on my desk curled at least 3/4 of an inch off the desk top, and refused to lay flat, no matter how many times I tried to smooth it out.  The top of the sticky is also not doing its job, and rises about 1/4 of an inch off the desk top surface.  I have never had an issue with the standard 3M brand of sticky notes doing this, and there appears to be a defect in the adhesive that was used as the backing to these notes.  The same issue held true for the notes I stuck to other papers, it just was not as prominent in the height it curled off the paper surface.  Unless you tape these down with Scotch tape, you will not have a very adhesive sticky note.On a positive note, the paper itself is of good quality, and most pens wrote well on the paper, with the exception of using a red colored pen on the pink and orange note.  The color of the red pen just did not show up very well on those two paper colors.  Kudos to Avery being involved with the Box Tops for Education initiative.  While I try very hard to support companies that offer Box Tops on their products, this is one item that I can not recommend, and will not buy again.  I will be staying with my standard sticky notes for now.
I updated this on 9/24/12, decreasing the stars from 4 to 2. The reason is that, over time, I found these pens to cause a terrible mess. I had to throw a couple away. They sit too long and dump a big blob of ink. Then they don't recover writing well afterwards. They act like cheap, leaky ball point pens. No joy here.ORIGINAL REVIEW:These are nice, well built pens with a shape that fits your hand nicely and color coding around the push button to indicate its color. Rubber grip is not obtrusive. Very smooth rolling and capable of writing even with little pressure. The only issue I discovered is that you may see some ink blotting up around the tip, which may fall off onto the paper and mess things up. I experienced this with the red medium tip pen. May not be common or a big issue, but something to watch out for.
These pens write pretty well once you get them going, but it takes too long for that to happen - to get them started you have to do that thing where you scratch out some scribbles on the page, and it takes several seconds of doing that before they start writing. Once they get going, the smoothness of the writing is not bad but not great. So overall this is not a product that I would choose to spend money on - there are simply better pens around.
I WANTED to like these pens...but I didn't.PROS:- Writes with little effort- Bold inkCONS:- CLUMPS of ink like crazy!  No amount of writing or 'warming up' the pen seemed to make this problem go away.  All colors in the set had this problem.- Hand gets all smeared with the clumps of ink, as they do not dry quickly- Difficult to tell difference between colors of pens (this set has 2 black, 1 red, and 1 blue) -- there is just a tiny ring at the top to tell the difference.  Annoying in a hurry!So overall, sorry, but I wouldn't recommend these pens to anyone...there are hardly an 'inkjoy' to write with, due to the clumps of ink they leave constantly.  Why not take the time to test these products more before bringing them to market?  I think these are just old pens dressed up in new fancy jackets.
These ball point pens have the look and feel of any other low cost ball point. The selling feature of these pens was supposed to be that they start writing easier and smoother.In using them, I could detect that in fact they do write smoother than a normal ballpoint, and they do start writing smoother and easier.The issue with the pens is that the ink has a tendency to Glob up on the tip. When I begin to write, I often find there is a glob of ink on the tip, which makes a large smudge when you begin to write. Also, the ink is more likely to smudge if you touch it after writing.Overall, I would not switch to these pens, and I can not recommend them. Yes, the smooth start is nice, but not at the expense of those nasty ink globs.
I usually really like Paper Mate products but I found these pens to be unreliable.  Sometimes I would get a blob of ink on my paper and other times, I'd have to shake it a bit to get the ink flowing.  It's too bad because I like the feel of them in my hand and the retractable button and nice clean white body are attractive (for a pen!)
- ORIGINAL REVIEW  -I was pleasantly surprised by this pen. It is a very smooth writing pen that almost feels like a gel pen. The gripper on the shaft is good quality and makes the pen easy to hold. In addition, the clip does not get in my way or dig into my skin between my thumb and index finger, which happens far too often in many pen designs imo.The thickness of this pen is 1.0 (medium) but my impression is that it writes thinner than that. This 4-pack has 2 black, 1 blue, and 1 red pen. I would prefer 2 blue instead, but that is a personal preference.Overall, this is a great pen. Whether or not it's really worth $2 per pen is another matter.5 stars- REVIEW UPDATE -Six months after my purchase, I just hate these pens. They get "gunky" at the tip if the sit for a bit. They no longer run smoothly. They no longer dry quickly.After getting pen marks on my hands and all over my paperwork (not once, not twice, but thrice), I decided that these must be tossed before I ruin clothing or a purse.2 stars
The idea behind these Sticky Notes is to give you a variety of color and size and you just pull out the color/size that you want.For me these Avery Sticky Notes just don't work. When you pull out the lower sheets if they don't tear, they either wrinkle or bend or both. And I don't like the tear line at the top because the line is so pronounced that you cannot clearly write over it, you have to write below it. On the Sticky Notes pack that I have, you cannot rip the notes out at the tear line without tearing the note itself. To get a complete note, you have to pull the note off at the binder and that leaves the tear strip still at the top of the note.And now that I have had them awhile I am also finding that they don't stick very well either.Overall a really good idea but very poorly implemented. And I won't be buying these over plain sticky notes.
Update:  April 4, 2012I had the unit sitting on top of a 15-inch wastebasket, supported by the extension (see product images).  Obviously, the extension was not heavy-duty enough to support the weight of the shredding mechanism, as the whole thing just collapsed.  The extension broke off at the body of the shredder.  It now BARELY sits on top of the basket that it was designed for.  Since I thought that the basket was too small to begin with, this part failure pretty much turned the shredder into a doorstop as far as I am concerned.  Downgraded from four stars to two stars.  I've posted a photo of the broken part.-----Original review.Let's make things straight from the start - this is not an industrial-strength shredder.  It is only rated for eight sheets of paper, and it's not lightning fast.  That said, it seems to be perfectly well suited for home use.  One of the primary reasons that I was interested in this unit is because I want to be able to shred old credit cards rather that cut them up by hand.To test this unit, I ran an old CD, an expired credit card, and several sheets of paper through the unit.  It's actually more accurate to say that this device breaks (rather than shreds) CDs, as a CD is rendered into four pieces.  The credit card was, however, shredded.  (See product images.)The CD goes into a different slot than the credit card and the paper.  To get the CD and credit card into the machine, a slight bit of pressure needed to be applied.  Only one credit card or one CD at a time can be run through the machine.Pros:The machine accepted up to 14 sheets of paper at a time, but it ran slowly.  It was asking a bit much of the poor thing to have it shred 16 sheets.  It did it, but only reluctantly, and I wouldn't recommend doing so.  I didn't push it further, as I didn't want to have to clean out a jam.  Therefore, I would say that the 8-sheet rating is accurate, and you don't have to closely count the number of sheets before you shove them in.  For the long-term health and continued cheerful cooperation of the unit, it's probably not a good idea to consistently ask it to do more than its job description requires.It shredded the credit card and broke the CD without any problem whatsoever.The instruction sheet is very clear, and contains information regarding use and basic maintenance.Cons:A couple of "features" of this shredder are not so hot (at least from my perspective):(1) the size of the basket - it's about 11 x 12 x 6, smaller than the posted dimensions suggest.(2) the shape and size of the shredding mechanism.3) this is not a cross-cut shredder, and therefore not the best for confidential documents.When I first saw the small size of the basket I assumed that the shredding mechanism could easily be set on top of a larger wastebasket.  Well.... not really.  As Maxwell Smart might say, "Missed it by that much."The top piece is adjustable, and can be extended to about 15 inches.  However, the ends are curved, and the unit doesn't sit that snugly on top of a rectangular wastebasket.  Let's call it a "meh" fit.  It would probably be difficult to find a larger basket that it would fit nicely.  (Update: I have been using it on top of a 15-inch wastebasket.  While it only sits on top of the basket, I have found it to be more stable than I originally anticipated.)Toss-up:I would prefer to be able to detach the cord from the shredding mechanism, but it is permanently attached.  In this case, some people may like this configuration, others might not.The real test of this device will be in terms of its long-term durability.  Of course, that is impossible to judge durability at this time.  It does come with a one year warranty, and the Amazon product page shows a 1-800 customer service line for the device.  I am using it every single day to shred junk mail, and will see how it holds up.If it dies a premature death, I will update this review with all the gory details.  Likewise, if this shredder proves itself to be a shredder beyond shredders, a paragon of its species, I will be sure to give credit where credit is due.
The blade is so small you have to get it exactly positioned correctly to even have a chance for it to work.  If you are off perpendicular, the cutting is erratic.I've tried it on a bunch on things: Packages from Amazon, DVDs and of course sealed in hard plastic items.It eventually worked on all of them.  But in all cases, a plain scissors would have been easier.  I even had trouble opening the DVD. But once a cut is made on the DVD plastic you can easily rip that open.I searched around for the refill blade and found it on one site for $3.All in all, I think this was a poorly designed, poorly executed product.Stick with a good pair of scissors for now.
Being someone who receives on average a dozen or so packages a week, I thought that this Scotch Safe Cut Package Opener would be a godsend. Well after a few weeks of using it, I'm not entirely sold on it's effectiveness.As a tape cutter on shipping packages, the tiny blade gets clogged up with packing tape way too easily. So I had to stop, remove the tape from the blade, and continue. Long story short, I went back to using my pocket knife for cutting the packing tape.For opening clam-shell and other plastic packages, not bad. The biggest issue I had was getting the blade to puncture the plastic. Once it did it worked great!One nice thing are the ergonomics of the opener, comfortable and sturdy nonslip grip.At the end of the day, I would suggest purchasing a small pocket knife instead. This has very limited uses and the blade on mine is already dull to the point it is not unsafe to use.
As a consumer who struggles with the blister packs that hold many of today's products, I had high hopes for Scotch's Safe Cut Package Opener. Thankfully, it is easily removed from its own packaging, but that is where the convenience ends. I'd collected some blister packs to test it out on as well as some other items, and was disappointed with how it worked with all of them.First off, the ergonomic handle is small and it feels tiny in my medium-large hands. Secondly, it feels flimsy -- as if it will break after a brief period of use. The blade click mechanism isn't overly precise and you have to be careful when extending the blade to get it in the correct position. It is very easy to push it all of the way out, to the position where the blade is removable. When in the correct position, only the tinniest sliver of a blade is exposed. I understand the reasoning for this, but it makes it rather difficult to apply it correctly to all but a flat surface.To begin with, I tried using it on a couple of blister packed products I had yet to open. After repeated attempts, I was able to score deeply enough to pry the packaging apart, but it was no easier than using a pair of scissor and not as easy as an X-acto blade or utility knife. Using the Safe Cut on shrink-wrapped water bottles and on a sealed CD case wasn't much better. It was a disaster when trying to open envelopes or packages, just shredding the paper. The tiny blade is too hard to position correctly and isn't sharp or large enough to do the job right. It did open a bag of potato chip easily, but you need a flat cutting surface to lay the bag upon, and several chips were crushed in the process.After extensive testing, I cannot recommend Scotch's Safe Cut Package Opener. While the concept is a good one, the product itself needs to be better constructed and to go through further engineering. Sadly, I think it is just going to get thrown in my kitchen utility drawer and forgotten.~ KortUPDATE: I received a small box from Amazon today so decided to try opening it using the Opener. Once again, it took a number of passes to break the tape's seal. A similar box when opened with a utility knife or single scissor blade usually only takes one swipe per seam.
I grew up using box cutters working in our family owned business.  Thousands of sealed boxes met their doom daily by my hands and my trusty utility knife.  I can honestly say they haven't changed much over the last 30 years.  The Scotch Safe Cut Package Opener puts a little spin on the good old box cutter.  Unfortunately, this change is hardly much of an improvement.  Here are my thoughts;Pros+ Good for precision cutting such as opening DVDs, CDs, video games, letters and in my case sealed vinyl.Cons- Small handle.  I don't have particularly large hands for a man but this was too small for me to feel like I had a firm grip on it.  The handle is also white and dirties quickly.  Most packages you receive in the mail are terribly dirty so white probably isn't the best color choice.- Miniscule razor blade, hence why I felt it was only good for precision cutting.- Blade dulls quickly if used repeatedly on tougher clam-shell style plastics.  Also, you're supposed to be able to replace it, however it seems more cost effective (although not very environmentally friendly) to throw it away and buy a new one.In the end, I found this tool rather disappointing.  It sits on my kitchen island eagerly awaiting junk mail to open or the occasional sealed vinyl LP that I purchase.  Other than those two uses I don't see this tool getting much more use around the house.
This tool is simply the pointy corner edge of a razor blade. I don't see how anyone can think it is more effective than scissors. Possibly more safe, because only about 3mm of the blade sticks out and hardly does any damage. It is basically a worse version of a box cutter. The mechanism to slide the blade in and out doesn't even lock. So much for safe. It also does not cut through tape with any relative ease at all. The only thing this might be good for is gift wrap.
This is a neat little device for opening those hard clear plastic sealed packages. It sometimes works well but doesn't completely solve the problem of opening those packages. It used to easily cut the packages on the straight sides but doesn't work as well on the corners. And some packages have a sealed opening at the top where the package can hang on a rack, it also doesn't do much to cut that area open.The Scotch Safe Cut has a little cutting blade that you extend out by pushing down on a button at the top of the Safe Cut. Then when you are done you can retract it so the blade is covered and no chance of cutting yourself. It is supposed to have a refillable blade but I cannot find them anywhere. Overall, the price is reasonable and I highly recommend the Scotch Safe Cut as the best method yet to open those pesky plastic packages and believe me, I have tried everything.However, I finally gave up on this Scotch package opener as it wouldn't cut most of the plastic sealed packages that I got recently and the cutter kept falling out of the holder. I ended up just throwing it away as it was more trouble to use than it was worth. A good idea failed for poor design and implementation.
This product is nothing more than a very small knife/dull razor blade.  The blade is small, so it is safer than using a box cutter, but it is also nearly impossible to follow the contours of some packaging.  I prefer sticking to the tried and true razor blade or scissors.  I have never cut myself when opening plastic packages with a razor blade, so that's how I will continue to do it.The design of the package opener is not good and I can't figure out why they decided to make the blade aim down from the handle instead of out the front like everyone is accustomed to from using knives and razor blades over the years.In short, I do not recommend this unit and highly recommend sticking with the razor blade or scissors.  Sure, this thing will open a package, but you will have been aggravated by the time it happens.
The handle is very comfortable and the blade is very sharp. There is a nice safety feature that requires you to depress a button to get the blade to drop down. It works very well for many uses-opening boxes, cutting string, etc (it's similar to but much safer than using one blade from a pair of scissors or a razor blade).The problem is the blade does not come far enough down to work on a lot of plastics (specifically clamshell cases which is what I was really hoping to use it on).
The nice thing about this package opener is that it's cheap. Really cheap. The downside of this is that it's cheap. Really cheap. It feels incredibly light and flimsy, the blade isn't all that sharp and is absolutely tiny. It's not weighted at all, and this device actually made opening packages an irritating procedure. I'd highly recommend something different, for your own sanity.2 stars out of 5.
I thought this dispenser was going to be round, or at least "teardrop" shape. . . . It's not. .  . It's an "odd" / "warped" shape which is extremely unattractive.  I don't know why it was designed to be "covered" with a "hole" in the front.  The "hole" does not make it very easy to get the tape out.  I think a MUCH better option is the "basic" tape dispenser link below.  It's inexpensive. . . does the job very well. . . and if you're a "Prime" member you receive free two-day shipping.Scotch Desk Tape Dispenser, 1in. Core, Black
This took about fifteen minutes to assemble.  The instructions are straight forward and everything is well labeled.  It took me an extra minute or two to figure out how to unlock the tilt mechanism, but that was only because it was on the other side of the page from the assembly instructions.  Duh.Assembly, though, is something that's only done once...after that you have to sit in the thing and that's where I have some concerns.  The lumbar support is decent, but I'm used to chairs that have much more cushion in the seat.  I'm hoping that it softens over the next couple of weeks, otherwise, I'm going to be chair shopping (again!).  At the moment, I've been sitting in it for a couple of hours and my rear is getting pretty sore.HON generally makes good products, but I'd advise you to try any chair out in a store before ordering on-line.  It's important that your chair fits your individual build and personal preferences.
I guess I wasn't clear on exactly what this product was when I ordered it, but it seems...a little silly.This is basically a regular Avery label (if the "removable" thing is *any* different, I can't tell!), on a full sheet, but with a little strip around the edges so you can expose adhesive around the edges if you want to put it in a window facing out. There might be very specific uses for this, but since I really wanted a removable sticker, this is not useful to me.Other than that, you know, it's an Avery label, so the quality is good.
I have owned and/or reviewed over 5 different kinds of printers/printer-scanners/all-in-ones and this one, BY FAR, has been the most worthless piece of equipment I have ever had the displeasure of owning.  It weighs a metric ton, the paper tray alone is like a Rube Goldberg nightmare, it doesn't recognize it's OWN ink carts and tech support is horrendous.  Here are some examples of went went SO WRONG with this item -Recently you requested personal assistance from our on-line support center. Below is a summary of your request and our response.If this issue is not resolved to your satisfaction, you may reopen it within the next 7 days.Thank you for allowing us to be of service to you.SubjectAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pDiscussion ThreadResponse (Lisa P) 01/03/2012 06:37 AMDear Sheila,You can contact 866-930-4288 for technical assistance..Thank you,Epson America, Inc.Corporate Customer RelationsCustomer (Sheila Collins) 01/02/2012 08:10 PMDear Epson,Please provide me with a 1-800 number and I will call your technical support team. Just to let you know, I review electronic products for several websites. I refuse to purchase NEW ink cartridges when I have printed little media on the BRAND NEW cartridges that YOUR company provided with the purchase of the Epson Artisan 837. If my problem is not resolved by the end of the week, either with new ink cartridges, if, that is, indeed the only problem or a new printeraltogether, I will be posting several negative reviews for your Epson Artisan 837.Thanks in advance for your response...Sheila Chilcote-CollinsFrom: Epson SupportSent: Monday, January 02, 2012 9:51 AMTo: fireflykiss@hotmail.comSubject: [Incident: 111230-004088] After printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pRecently you requested personal assistance from our on-line support center. Below is a summary of your request and our response.Ifthis issue is not resolved to your satisfaction, you may reopen it within the next 7 days.Thank you for allowing us to be of service to you.SubjectAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pDiscussion ThreadResponse (Lisa P)01/02/2012 06:51 AMDear Ms. Collins,Please contact our technical support team at 562-276-1311 for further support with your issue.Thank you,Epson America, Inc.Corporate Customer RelationsCustomer (Sheila Collins)12/31/2011 09:10 AMID: 111230-004088Are you using genuine Epson inks? YES What are the part numbers of the cartridges? (It can be found on the cartridge box or on the cartridge itself. They start with "T0") TO981, TO992, TO993, TO994, TO995, TO996 When did you last replace the color ink cartridges? THIS IS A BRAND NEW PRINTER WITH THE ORIGINAL CARTRIDGES THAT WERE PROVIDED WITH THE PRINTER INSTALLED. I have only been able to print 3 color copies and about 75 blackand white copies.From: EpsonSupportSent: Saturday, December 31, 2011 9:41 AMTo: fireflykiss@hotmail.comSubject: [Incident: 111230-004088] After printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pRecently you requested personal assistance from our on-line support center. Below is a summary of your request and our response.If this issue is not resolved to your satisfaction, you may reopen it within the next 7 days.Thank you for allowing us to be of serviceto you.SubjectAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pDiscussion ThreadResponse (Rones Jacob A)12/31/2011 06:41 AMDear Sheila,Thank you for contacting Epson regarding your Epson Artisan 837. I am sorry you are experiencing difficulties with your ink cartridges.Please answer the following questions for us to provide appropriate solutions.Are you using genuine Epson inks? What are the part numbers of the cartridges? (It can be foundon thecartridge box or on the cartridge itself. They start with "T0") When did you last replace the color ink cartridges?Should you require further assistance, please reply and reference incident ID: 111230-004088. If you have a different support issue, submit a request via our U.S. Support Site and we will respond in a timely manner.Thank you for contacting Epson.Jacob A.Auto-Response12/30/2011 05:29 PMDetailed Description:Answer:Title: Color Ink Usage When Printing Blackand White PhotosLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20216Title: Replacement Ink Cartridges Part NumberLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21213Title: Replacement Cartridge Not Recognized - Reseat ProcedureLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25710Title: Color Ink Consumed when Printing Black OnlyLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/12403Title: Replacing an Expended Ink CartridgeLink:https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25672Customer (Sheila Collins)12/30/2011 05:29 PMAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the printer says that it cannot "recognize" my high capacity black ink cartridge. Also, while checking ink levels via computer, the levels are low/empty.Question Reference #111230-004088Product Level 1:All-In-OneProduct Level 2:Epson Artisan 837Category Level 1:Ink Install /ReplaceCategoryLevel 2:PCCategory Level 3:Windows 7Date Created:12/30/2011 05:29 PMLast Updated:12/31/2011 06:41 AMStatus:ResolvedCable Type:WirelessConnection Type:Directly to a computerError Messagecannot recognize 98 black ink cartridgeSteps Takentried reinstalling black ink cartridge and reinstalling all cartridges. Unplugged printer to reset. No luckResponse (Rones Jacob A)12/31/2011 06:41 AMDear Sheila,Thank you for contacting Epson regardingyour Epson Artisan 837. I am sorry you are experiencing difficulties with your ink cartridges.Please answer the following questions for us to provide appropriate solutions.Are you using genuine Epson inks? What are the part numbers of the cartridges? (It can be found on the cartridge box or on the cartridge itself. They start with "T0") When did you last replace the color ink cartridges?Should you require further assistance, please reply and reference incident ID: 111230-004088. If you have adifferent support issue, submit a request via our U.S. Support Site and we will respond in a timely manner.Thank you for contacting Epson.Jacob A.Auto-Response12/30/2011 05:29 PMDetailed Description:Answer:Title: Color Ink Usage When Printing Black and White PhotosLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20216Title: Replacement Ink Cartridges Part NumberLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21213Title: ReplacementCartridge Not Recognized - Reseat ProcedureLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25710Title: Color Ink Consumed when Printing Black OnlyLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/12403Title: Replacing an Expended Ink CartridgeLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25672Customer (Sheila Collins)12/30/2011 05:29 PMAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the printer says that it cannot"recognize" my high capacity black ink cartridge. Also, while checking ink levels via computer, the levels are low/empty.Question Reference #111230-004088Product Level 1:All-In-OneProduct Level 2:Epson Artisan 837Category Level 1:Ink Install / ReplaceCategory Level 2:PCCategory Level 3:Windows 7Date Created:12/30/2011 05:29 PMLast Updated:01/02/2012 06:51 AMStatus:ResolvedCable Type:WirelessConnection Type:Directly to a computerError Messagecannot recognize 98 black ink cartridgeSteps Takentried reinstalling black ink cartridge and reinstalling all cartridges. Unplugged printer to reset. No luckResponse (Lisa P) 01/02/2012 06:51 AMDear Ms. Collins,Please contact our technical support team at 562-276-1311 for further support with your issue.Thank you,Epson America, Inc.Corporate Customer RelationsCustomer (Sheila Collins) 12/31/2011 09:10 AMID: 111230-004088Are you using genuine Epson inks? YES What are the part numbers of the cartridges? (It can be found on the cartridge box or on the cartridge itself. They start with "T0") TO981, TO992, TO993, TO994, TO995, TO996 When did you last replace the color ink cartridges? THIS IS A BRAND NEW PRINTER WITH THE ORIGINAL CARTRIDGES THAT WERE PROVIDED WITH THE PRINTER INSTALLED. I have only been able to print 3 color copies and about 75 black and white copies.From: EpsonSupportSent: Saturday, December 31, 2011 9:41 AMTo: fireflykiss@hotmail.comSubject: [Incident: 111230-004088] After printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pRecently you requested personal assistance from our on-line support center. Below is a summary of your request and our response.If this issue is not resolved to your satisfaction, you may reopen it within the next 7 days.Thank you for allowing us to be of service to you.SubjectAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the pDiscussion ThreadResponse (Rones Jacob A)12/31/2011 06:41 AMDear Sheila,Thank you for contacting Epson regarding your Epson Artisan 837. I am sorry you are experiencing difficulties with your ink cartridges.Please answer the following questions for us to provide appropriate solutions.Are you using genuine Epson inks? What are the part numbers of the cartridges? (It can be found on thecartridge box or on the cartridge itself. They start with "T0") When did you last replace the color ink cartridges?Should you require further assistance, please reply and reference incident ID: 111230-004088. If you have a different support issue, submit a request via our U.S. Support Site and we will respond in a timely manner.Thank you for contacting Epson.Jacob A.Auto-Response12/30/2011 05:29 PMDetailed Description:Answer:Title: Color Ink Usage When Printing Blackand White PhotosLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20216Title: Replacement Ink Cartridges Part NumberLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21213Title: Replacement Cartridge Not Recognized - Reseat ProcedureLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25710Title: Color Ink Consumed when Printing Black OnlyLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/12403Title: Replacing an Expended Ink CartridgeLink:https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25672Customer (Sheila Collins)12/30/2011 05:29 PMAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the printer says that it cannot "recognize" my high capacity black ink cartridge. Also, while checking ink levels via computer, the levels are low/empty.Question Reference #111230-004088Product Level 1:All-In-OneProduct Level 2:Epson Artisan 837Category Level 1:Ink Install /ReplaceCategory Level 2:PCCategory Level 3:Windows 7Date Created:12/30/2011 05:29 PMLast Updated:12/31/2011 06:41 AMStatus:ResolvedCable Type:WirelessConnection Type:Directly to a computerError Messagecannot recognize 98 black ink cartridgeSteps Takentried reinstalling black ink cartridge and reinstalling all cartridges. Unplugged printer to reset. No luckResponse (Rones Jacob A) 12/31/2011 06:41 AMDear Sheila,Thank you for contacting Epson regarding your Epson Artisan 837. I am sorry you are experiencing difficulties with your ink cartridges.Please answer the following questions for us to provide appropriate solutions.Are you using genuine Epson inks?What are the part numbers of the cartridges? (It can be found on the cartridge box or on the cartridge itself. They start with "T0")When did you last replace the color ink cartridges?Should you require further assistance, please reply and reference incident ID: 111230-004088. If you have a different support issue, submit a request via our U.S. Support Site and we will respond in a timely manner.Thank you for contacting Epson.Jacob A.Auto-Response 12/30/2011 05:29 PMDetailed Description:Answer:Title: Color Ink Usage When Printing Black and White PhotosLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20216Title: Replacement Ink Cartridges Part NumberLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21213Title: Replacement Cartridge Not Recognized - Reseat ProcedureLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25710Title: Color Ink Consumed when Printing Black OnlyLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/12403Title: Replacing an Expended Ink CartridgeLink: https://epson.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/25672Customer (Sheila Collins) 12/30/2011 05:29 PMAfter printing six sheets of full color and about 75 pages of black pages, the printer says that it cannot "recognize" my high capacity black ink cartridge. Also, while checking ink levels via computer, the levels are low/empty.Question Reference #111230-004088Product Level 1:  All-In-OneProduct Level 2:  Epson Artisan 837Category Level 1:  Ink Install / ReplaceCategory Level 2:  PCCategory Level 3:  Windows 7Date Created:  12/30/2011 05:29 PMLast Updated:  01/03/2012 06:37 AMStatus:  ResolvedCable Type:  WirelessConnection Type:  Directly to a computerError Messagecannot recognize 98 black ink cartridgeSteps Takentried reinstalling black ink cartridge and reinstalling all cartridges. Unplugged printer to reset. No luck[---001:011205:47322---]
UPDATE OCTOBER 2013DOWNGRADED TO TWO STARSAfter about a year or so of working flawlessly my printer has started spewing yellow ink everywhere.A quick online search tells me that this is a BIG problem with a lot of owners, one enterprising guy has even posted a video online after completely stripping the unit down to exactly what is causing the problem, although Epson apparently are indifferent to this product flaw, and have not issued a recall.For me after just spending over $100 to replace the ink I am now left with a very expensive brick, that I can't use and need a new printer.Very unhappy with Epson. Probably think twice before you purchaseThis work pro printer would certainly be at home in a small office environment, and I suspect that for home use will be limited to those people with plenty of space, or who have excessive printing needs.With a second paper drawer base that the unit sits on top of, it holds up to 580 sheets of paper (less if using various sizes) and includes the two drawers to separate legal, letter or A4 for example.Set up is easy with the included DVD and instructions, once connected the printer takes about 12 minutes to run through it's initial set up programming.Connection is wireless, wired via USB, or wired via Printer cable - a word of warning - there is NO printer cable supplied??? I mean give me a break really! Exactly how much do you need to spend on a printer to get a cable included?Most will use it for wireless, so I suppose it's a moot point, I just find it annoying.Wireless setup was very easy, all done through the large touch screen front panel, and it's fairly idiot proof.I'm not personally using the FAX function so can't comment on that, but I do like that when you access printer preferences from your PC, you get a separate menu for fax preferences from the main menu for the standard options like print quality etc.It's BIG, no other word for it, it stands over 17" high on my file cabinet next to my desktop PC and almost 18" wide, and 16" deep - worth remembering if you have limited space.It's VERY FAST, the fastest I've used for an inkjet, but considering the cost that's probably not surprising.Two sided printing is also nice for any projects, and is simply a click of the mouse to change.Copying is Photocopy style with a auto feed slot on top, scanning documents requires the lid to be lifted.I have not had chance yet to go into ALL of the features the printer offers, but the Amazon and Epson description above is pretty detailed.It takes 4 INK cartridges (included) and at time of writing this review, replacements are not available yet to buy online, even from Epson directly, I suspect because this is a very new model. Obviously I can't comment on INK value and life, as I have not exhausted any cartridges yet, although the description and box boasts a 50% efficiency saving, we will see.Another plus with the bundled installation disc is ABBYY Fine reader 9.0, this let's you scan any image, and convert it into a Word or PDF for editing, very nice and handy feature if you have to fill in a lot of forms, and don't have PDF input software. It also has an integration set up feature with Microsoft Office, for effortless document printing.So far I'm very impressed, probably too much for a home setup, but certainly capable of handling a lot, and I suspect it will be a very popular small business option, with near laser printing speeds.Did I mention it was BIG by the way?4 stars overall, I took off a star for no printer cable, and no photo editing software package, and large footprint.
This printer takes up quite a bit of space and is very heavy. My normally calm UPS deliveryman and I struggled to get the box to fit through my front door. Once in, however, it was pretty easy to set up. I set it up wirelessly from the beginning, with only a small amount of confusion. There is a 15 minute set-up period, and it does not come with a USB cord, but, once set up, I have found this easy to use. The quality is excellent. What I tried in "economy" mode was not very impressive, but the regular mode worked well. The quality of color copies was also quite good. Particularly noteworthy is how fast this is to start up and print. It is impressively speedy. In sum, an excellent choice for those with a big place to keep it. And I do mean, a big place to keep it.Eta: I am severely downgrading my rating with the disappointing realization that the ink cartridges must be used constantly or they dry out, and don't last for many pages when used, and each of the 4 cartridges (genuine) is at least $20 each. Far too giant to be useless so quickly.
I received this Epson WorkForce Pro WP-4530 All-in-One Printer from the Amazon Vine program for review.  First I must say it was very simple to set up straight from the box.  The instructions were clear and easy to follow.  Our 12 year old son was able to complete most of this with assistance from my husband.The initial test prints were quick and clear, with vibrant and bold colors. It scans quick & clear.I must admit this printer takes up more space than I expected.  I understand ans expect a high performance printer will be larger than an average everyday home printer; however with technological advances rendering electronics smaller each year, I did expect a more compact unit.  Be sure to check the dimensions for your work-space.  Product Dimensions: 18.2 x 16.5 x 13.4 inches.This includes 4 separate cartridges / replacements are listed below:XL Black Ink Cartridge T676XL120XL Cyan Ink Cartridge T676XL220XL Magenta Ink Cartridge T676XL320XL Yellow Ink Cartridge T676XL420Considering these are extra large cartridges hopefully they will last a long time before needing replacements or refilling.  I will update later when they start running out.So far I am very pleased with this Epson printer.  Next on my list of task to try on this printer is connecting to my iPhone.  I will update with the results.**Also no card reader on this printer.Update 11/19/2011 :I have just placed an order for a black replacement cartridge.  I'm hoping the replacement lasts much longer than the initial cartridge did.  I'm starting to have a few issues with this printer.  Most noticeable is frequent paper jams, and extra pages being fed.  For the past week, I have had numerous jammed paper, which is easy enough to clear, just remove the back and pull out the paper.  But I am wondering why this is happening.The other issue I am starting to see is with clarity of images.  This printer has never liked working with any photo papers, but it did ok, at first.  Now the photos are coming out and they look as though the printer was shaking as it printed, with some minor blurring on random parts of the image.Not sure yet if this can be corrected, but I'm trying.  I'm downgrading this to 3 stars, its OK, just not the greatest printer I've owned.Update 12/15/2011 :  Paper jams happen nearly every time I print.  Photo print quality is not good at all, very blurry results.  I tried a few different photo papers with no luck.  My best results was normal print settings on photo paper.  If I set high quality I had puddles of ink that literally ran over the page.Occasionally I find that normal print jobs appear blurry in places, almost as if you shook the printer while printing.Downgrading the stars again to 2, its a real disappointment.
REVIEW EDITED AND UPDATED AFTER FURTHER USE.These labels would be perfect for crafts or small business labeling if the templates were even partially acceptable. The labels seem to be pretty durable and attach securely and easily to whatever surface you choose. The only problem I have with these labels is the templates, which are terrible and don't line up as they should. I have noticed that the print is not centered when I use centered printing, and designs with circles around the edge of the labels print with the circle off-center and usually cut off.The templates that you download and use on your computer are completely useless and Avery should be ashamed for providing them.  The only way to get a decent label is to use their online label program, but I haven't figured out how to make it do less than a full page of labels.I am using a Mac with Lion and Microsoft Office 2011, so everything is the newest with the latest updates, so I don't think that the issue is with my computer, but rather the template.Look somewhere else for labels, as these are not worth even half the price.
These tags look better in the photos than they actually are. The cardstock is not as heavyweight as I'd expected it to be. The tags themselves look rather bland - a hint of gloss might have improved their appearance. The microperforations around the edges are also very visible - the photos on the packaging are misleading and have the perforations removed. Overall, the tags look cheap. I initially thought that I could use them to tag homebaked goods that I sell, but I feel that they cheapen the marketability of my products.
I have used and reviewed a lot of Avery products over the years, and I have to say, the Avery Printable Tags are not one of my favorite product additions.  I especially do not like the weight of the paper.  It is a bit flimsy and very bland--just flat white thin card stock.  Unless you are adding a lot of colorful graphics, there is no pop to the tag.  I am also not a fan of the strings that come with the tags.  While it is a nice touch to add them to the package, I would never use them.  If you are going to go to the trouble of making homemade tags, I would certainly hope you would use something a little nicer to attach the tag to the package.  The locking mechanism is made of cheap looking plastic and the strings look like a very finely woven rope.  And also of note, you do not get a clean edge when you separate the product at the perforation.  You have tiny paper fibers that surround the edges so you do not get a crisp look.  Formatting is also an issue.  It is important to note that I use a MAC, and there are MAC issues when trying to format tags like this.  While I understand you can go to the Avery website and download templates, it adds to the already time consuming process of designing the tag, and there is a learning curve to the Avery software templates.  If you are in a hurry, this would not be a project I recommend starting.On the plus side, Avery is still committed to the Box Tops for Education program and has a coupon on the package.  And the packaging is recyclable so you are not putting more waste into a landfill.  It also offer a toll free number to call if you run in to a problem and gives you a website option to help design your tags.  But those positives do not make this one of the quality products I have come to depend on from Avery, and I will not be buying this product again.
I got these with the intention of packaging homemade christmas presents. However, I never did. The label area was a bit smaller than I had expected. Also the bags are either too small or too big for what I was making (various jewelry, or sewn and knitted items). I also wonder why the description online said that it was not to be used for food items. There was nothing on the actual packaging, that I could find, that said that it was not for use for food items. I wish that was clarified on the packaging. I wanted to use them for the chocolate caramel turtles I make every year, but not knowing *why* it gives the warning, I decided not to.
I feel bad giving these low marks. It is VERY nice to have ANY product that is even slightly more eco-friendly than similar products. The stickers are a nice size, nice quality. HOWEVER....the template site needs some tweaking. Unless all the stars in the heavens are aligned correctly, the Avery template probably won't work for you.First I went to the website that the pack indicated. Right off the bat, when entering my product number in the correct box, nothing. I had to go through the main search box. Then, the Avery Design and Print feature would not cooperate with my HP Touch, so I started the whole process over on my notebook. At least with the notebook I was able to navigate as far as selecting text. Still, NOT user friendly as other Avery templates are. What gives, Avery?EDIT: I just read the other reviews, seems like I'm not the only one with template issues, but at least they got farther than me, lol! Unlike the other reviewer, I'm on a PC. Also, they are not too dark, in my opinion. They are consistent with most unbleached kraft papers. I just used a few to close the plastic wrap on some home baked goods, they stuck well. Once on, they STAY, don't think you can re-position them. Sadly, I used a sharpie to write as I still can't get that darn template to work for me.
This little label maker from Epson is Easy to set up, and easy to use. My disappointment with it is that the edges of the fonts are jagged on the labels. I would expect sharp clean edges on the letters, but the printouts look almost like the old dot matrix printers. I understand that these are just labels, but I would have expected crisper letters.Pros:Easy to useEasy to load labelsLots of choices on fonts/sizesEasy to peal back off the labelsReasonable to use for a small keyboardCons:Jagged Edges on fontsOptions menu a little confusing (had to read the instructions)LCD display a little hard to readBasically, I would have loved this device if the labels would have had crisper edges on the letters.
This is a good shredder for the price and is probably better than the similarly priced and equivalent theFellowes Powershred W-11C 11 Sheet Cross-Cut Shredder (3103201)model because it can shred CDs/DVDs, while the Fellowes cannot.However, it's really VERY loud-it will definitely disturb office mates or house mates, even neighbors could hear it if your window is open. It's really as loud as a power tool!It also tends to really bog down when feeding it more than about 6 sheets. It almost feels like it's going to burn out or something.  It cannot really do 12 sheets reliably at all.Also, the top part (the motor) is a bit heavy and cumbersome to have to lift off in order to empty the bin, which you have to do often. This does have a built in handle which is nice but it's still a hassle and you have to then put the motor (which is often quite dusty and littered with paper shreds and could be oily) on the carpet/floor. As someone who appreciates good design, a shredder with a lift-motor atop a bin is not that.I also don't know the long term reliability of this shredder nor how much of a hassle it would be getting warranty service/replacement from Amazon on it should it break down. I assume they would be pretty good about it though.On the plus side, this shredder is just about the perfect size, nice and compact and it does CDs/DVDs and credit/debit cards well.I ended up returning this and getting theFellowes Powershred 100% Jam Proof 79Ci 14 Sheet Cross-Cut Paper Shredder (3227901)instead. Although it was more money, it is tons more graceful in almost every respect, and completely alleviates all the negatives with this Amazon Basics shredder that I experienced.If you want a better shredder overall that is nearly silent, and will be more fun to use and probably last longer, you might take a look at the Fellows 79Ci instead. However if you want a lower-priced shredder and don't mind a few negatives, this AmazonBasics one will probably suit you just fine.
It took me almost 45 minutes to put two boxes together. It really wasn't difficult, just tedious, and the pictoral instructions were useless. Another reviewer mentioned the trapezoidal extra pieces of cardboard that aren't referenced on the instructions: I finally figured out they're for putting under the handles so the handles don't "collapse" inward when you pick up the box.Another reviewer mentioned that there's just one handle for each box, but that's wrong: there should be two for each. (I have two for each.)The boxes look festive and are moderately sturdy (the cardboard could have been thicker, especially on the inserts), but there's another problem aside from the crazy assembly time:You'll have to remove the top insert to get to the bottom row, and there's no way to do that easily in one piece-- you'll probably wind up reassembling it afterwards.I've had a plastic ornament tub before. The lid cracked, which is why I decided to try this-- but I wouldn't do it again!
These boxes are okay once assembled, which is an IQ test in and of itself because the instructions (read pictures only) leave a lot to be desired.  It took me about a half hour to assemble the two boxes, once I figured out what to do, and all of the pieces were accounted for.However, I still do not know what is meant by 56 "adjustable compartments."  It is true that there are 56 slots in each box for storing ornaments, in two levels divided by a fairly thin cardboard.  Each compartment is approximately 3 and 3/4 inch long, 3 and 1/4 inch wide, and 3 and 1/8 inch deep.  Once assembled, there is no "adjustment" of the spaces, unless you were to leave out one of the cross pieces to create additional space, but then the total number of compartments would reduce.My biggest concern is that that the cardboard cross pieces that create the compartments are the most flimsy, followed by the cardboard piece that separates the box into two layers.  The end result for me is that heavier ornaments would go on the bottom layer and not the top.  Insofar as the manufacturer's (made in the USA) claim that the box is "maximum protection for fragile ornaments" goes, not so much.  I am using the boxes to store fabric, plastic, brass, and wood items; the only breakables I would put in these boxes are those I can stand to lose.  This item would have received a three-star rating but for the fact that each box is worth only $5 to me, and they are currently selling for twice that much.
I've put FURNITURE together in less time!  These were ridiculous.  The instructions are on the inside of the box.  So yeah, that's really convenient to reference!  No written instructions, just little "step-by-step" pictures that are incredibly hard to make out.  Overall, it took me the better part of an hour to put two ornament boxes together.  Most of that time was spent trying to read the stupid directions!Pros:It is a nice box.  It will hold a lot of ornaments.  That's probably the only nice thing I can say about these.Cons:-  First, you see that handle on the side of the box?  Yeah, that's all you get.  ONE handle per box.  Even though there's holes on both sides of the box, you're only going to get two handles for two boxes!  What genius thought that up?-  As I've mentioned, the instructions and putting it together.  What a nightmare.-  There is nothing holding the dividers together, so I have no idea how one is supposed to take out the top level of ornaments without it falling apart!  It's literally 9 pieces of cardboard with half-length slits where each piece meets.  NOTHING holds it together.  I have a feeling I won't be using that bottom level much.  Maybe if I glued them together, it'd be easier.  But what a waste of time and extra work.  And I'm sure it'll make a mess.  They did not think through how you're supposed to access the bottom layer of ornaments without having to take apart the inside of the box.  Ridiculous.- I also got extra pieces.  Some pieces of black cardboard...?  NO INSTRUCTIONS on what they're for.  They look kind of trapezoid-shaped, with two slits in each.  There's four of them total.  Not listed anywhere, cannot figure out what they're for.  I just tossed them.-  There's no instructions for assembling the lid at all, so you'll have to figure that out yourself, too.Overall... if I had to purchase these, there's no way I'd spend more than maybe seven or eight bucks for the pack of two.  And even then, I probably wouldn't purchase them at all.  Save yourself the trouble.  Christmas is enough stress.  If you want ornament storage boxes, DON'T BUY THESE!
Bankers Box makes great storage boxes and this appears to be a venture out into a new area.  Unfortunately, it appears that they need to stick with what they do best.Normally, it takes a just a few seconds to assemble a Bankers Box.  They have great instructions and for those who are instruction impaired, just the set-up of the folded box is apparant.  But these boxes take a lot of work because the instructions are so inadequate.Each box holds 56 standard sized ornaments.  So if you collect those Hallmark ornaments and are looking for a box to hold them, this is not it.  The seperators for the ornaments are very flimsy and it takes a lot of work just to assemble them as they keep falling apart because there is nothing holding the pieces together.  And to make it worse, this is a double decker box.  So to get a the ornaments in the bottom level, you have to remove the top level ornaments.  Since the only thing between the two levels is a piece of cardboard.To make this work better BB needs to have the top level be able to pull out without removing the ornaments.Good idea guys but bad execution.
This is an okay product. It is a sturdier paper stock that has a slit for the gift card and a place to put in a note/ anothercard. The greeting card says "A Gift for You" and then there is space to write in a message. The kit comes with two giftcards -- one red with snowflakes, and the other green with a Christmas light decoration ornament. There are matching enveloped in the kit too.This all is nice and dandy, but $7.50 seems really steep to pay for two such cards. There are pretty cards out there, that will also come with envelopes.I'd recommend buying a more personalized card, and/or going to the store where you are purchasing the gift card and asking for a nice box from them (most department stores offer free gift card wrapping).
This is, essentially, two pieces of greeting card cardboard, and two greeting card envelopes.  The cards are cut such that they will hold a gift card, and have generic Christmas season oriented styling.They are certainly up to their intended task, but are not particularly impressive and I do not understand why they are worth $5.  I would much rather give a gift card in a typical greeting card, or I could give the gift card in the generic Christmas cards folks tend to use (which would cost a small fraction of this price per unit).On the other hand, if you really want a card designed specifically to carry a gift card, and don't mind the generic style (in this version, you have a red card with white snowflakes, and a black card with colorful holiday lights), then this is exactly what you wanted.
This is a basic gift card holder, made of heavy card stock.  I wanted to try it and see what it was like, and it was nice, but again, basic. When I go to stores they have gift cards that have snow globes on them, and card holders that are silver boxes etc.  Everything is spruced up.  This would be great as an item that you received for free with the purchase of a gift card, but not as something you purchase. Also, this particular one has holiday designs that were pretty boring.  I just think graphics and design have come a long way, and I would choose a different card holder that was more fun and flashy. And anymore, with the cute gift cards that are out there, I would prefer to wrap them in a clear cellophane bag, cute tie, and filled with individually wrapped chocolates or something.
I am not sure why anyone would prefer this to a nice card.  I keep a selection of cards I like on hand, with interesting photos or prints on the outside and blank on the inside.  It is easy (and more meaningful) to slip a gift card into one of these and write a personal note to go with it.  If the intended recipient is someone you do not know very well, the mediocre quality of this impersonal approach is still not as appealing as an attractive card.  Not an item I would buy.
At first glance, this product seems like a quality item ... until you open the package. Overall, I found the folder to be of poor quality, maybe a notch above what you would get at the dollar store. The envelop was composed of thin, cheap paper. In addition, if placed in the postal mail, this gift card mailer would be easy to spot ... and steal ... you can clearly see & feel the outlines of a giftcard because the material is such low-quality.I don't recommend this item. If you do want something like this, just head to your local dollar store.
I was excited at the chance of getting a bigger secure file box but a bit disappointed when I finally got this. First, as others have pointed out, there is no way to lock the box. I was hoping it would at least have a hole through the lid and box or through the handles that hold the lid on so that a padlock could be put on it. A lot of the storage box's around this size at least have some way to put a padlock on them. I suppose I could put a hasp and padlock on it somehow. The other thing that's odd about it is its size inside. It appears to be the right size to hold regular sized hanging folders. But, it's about a half inch to narrow. If it was about 3/4 inch wider it would be the perfect size to put a wire stand in it to hold the regular sized hanging folders. After some looking I found by the measurements of the inside of the box, 9.75" deep, 12.25" wide, & 15.25" long, and looking for legal size storage folders it should be just the right size for those. I've never worked with that size documents before but there should be a small frame for legal size hanging folders to just fit in this box. Since from its odd size letter size papers don't fit very well in it but it should work for legal size papers that you need to store.All though it may be made to survive a fire and keep items inside safe from damage, since the lid can't be locked onto it, in a fire, all it would take is one good blast from a fire hose and the lid would go one way, the box another way, and the contents every which way. If you live along the Gulf Coast where you can get hit with a hurricane it might be usable for storing semi-valuables to protect them from possible storm damage.  Even though they are quite heavy, even full of papers and other items, it should still float in a flood.To sum it all up, its pretty much just a odd sized extra heavy storage box for legal size papers too valuable for a regular file box but not valuable enough for a locking storage box. The important legal size papers that I have, like the deed to my property and home, are too valuable to put in this. If there was some way to put a lock on it, then it would be something more usable and really worth having.  As it is, its just a very heavy storage box to hold a lot of legal size semi valuable documents. A need that's not very common in the normal household and not very useful to the average person.
The "Sentry GB20L Guardian Storage Box" is a very nice file box. I would assume that the claims made about surviving a hot fire for 20 minutes are true. Fire is something I could not test. What I could test was whether it could take water being sprayed at it, in my case a garden hose, without filling with water. I sprayed the unit with the top on tight with the clamps down as shown. I sprayed water on the sides, top and directly at the seam between the lid and sides. I then turned the unit on its side and again sprayed. I turned the unit on its side in my test since this could easily happen during a fire from various causes including the force of a fire hose. It had water all over the inside of the unit with just a minute or two of spraying. The instruction papers which I left inside were soaked.  This unit is heavy and easy to get into and will make a good file box, but not necessarily keep your papers entirely safe. I have a locking safe about the same size as the Sentry.I payed only about twice the price for the safe as compared with the Sentry Storage Box. The safe will float, and protect the interior from water and fire. The Sentry storage box will likely do neither. I would recommend the "Sentry Storage box" only as a very heavy file box.
I've been wanting a legal size fire safe for a while and had hoped this one would do the trick.  It is functional, but lacking.The pictures and description gives the impression that you store files in it.  Well, when I got it, I discovered that I could not migrate my hanging folders from my older (non-fireproof) box to this one because it doesn't have a a railing that works with my hanging files.  Apparently you need to just sit folders upright in it and hope they don't fall over inside. If it requires special folders, they should include them.The product doesn't claim to be a safe, but the brand name does (Sentry Safe). However, just to be sure you know: There isn't a locking mechanism and there is no way to lock it.  Of course, any portable box isn't very "safe" whether it locks or not.I doubt it is water proof. It doesn't seem to have a particularly tight seal.I have several standard paper size fireproof / waterproof safes from this company and those things are well made, with the ability to hang folders and lock the lid.  I think I paid around $50 for those, so I can't understand why this one for 50% more is missing those features. Only thing I can think is that they wanted to keep weight down as these things are quite heavy.
I've been thinking of replacing my old Dymo label maker (which is more than 10 years old, still sort of works).  So I was delighted to receive this shiny brand new Dymo, and opened the package with high expectations.Disappointment #1:  No batteries shipped with product.  Hmm.  Dymo is running a 50% off sale for this item (check their website).  They couldn't spend about a $1 or so to provide 6 AAA batteries?  (Yes, that's about what it would cost them.)Disappointment #2:  No AC adapter provided, no information about it.  It's a not-very-common 9v 2A adapter.  No adapter found on the Dymo website for this model (maybe one of the others will work?).  Some likely adapters found on Amazon, but no way to be sure they'll fit the socket.Disappointment #3:  No manual, no quick-start guide.  Need to go to Dymo website to get manual.Disappointment #4:  The user interface for this thing was designed by those who are amused by making things unnecessarily tricky.  I can't make the menu go away by pressing the menu key, that requires the "go back (curved arrow)" key.  I won't make a long list of all the things I found annoying, maybe they're more personal preference.  But I grew to hate the thing.Some other key points:- the text in memory will be lost when batteries are replaced.-  you have to tell the device what size tape you're using (when you change it or reseat it).-  there are some clip art images, and a fair set of symbols (e.g., greek, math) you can use on your label-  you can do 2-line labels (if the label is wide enough)Overall I can use this.  It will produce reasonably clear labels (especially if you go above 12pt font).  The label rolls aren't cheap.  (See price computation & comparison another reviewer provided, it's very helpful.)  But I'm going to look for a better product, this one isn't quite it.
How did I miss that these were cardboard?? I assumed they were nylon/fabric (the canvas ones are really nice!).Assembling them was simple enough but produced not so impressive results. Granted, you're not likely to be examining these from the inside but if you're paying this sort of money for cardboard you should expect them to fit together smoothly and square. These don't. One of mine is lopsided no matter how I tried to fix it. Also, the corners show wear easily and dents.In the future I'll stick with the storage cubes I've found that are fabric. Or, a new idea that's come from this, perhaps I'll have my kids modge podge some plain boxes to repurpose them!
My title explains it pretty well - it has harsh edges that easily scrape your arms, hands, or anything you sit near it or on it.  It is supposed to dock your electronic devices, but the cord holes are not in an appropriate place for doing such.  I would expect holes where the 2 smaller cubbies are, so you could dock your phone and/or handheld device, but there are only holes in the big cubbies, maybe okay if you wanted to dock a small tablet.  A docking station probably ought to be made out of plastic or at least plastic-coated so it is kind to your devices, and probably should not be paired with a steel lock-box.  I am surprised the price is so high on this item - it is definitely not worth even the discounted price at Amazon.  I am currently using it for some hand-tools and junk I can't figure out what to do with, but I am thinking about letting my husband have it for his shop.
This lap desk is just okay.  I got it for my husband, because he constantly just uses a pillow to prop up his laptop on his lap.  He just couldn't get comfortable with it; he found that he prefers the pillow that he uses as a lap desk instead.  It was built well-enough, and it was nice looking. It was just awkward...
As someone who frequently travels with a laptop, the Targus Slim Lap Desk intrigued me.  I have a 15.4" business laptop, just the size the packaging claims is right for this Lap Desk.  It zips closed to a reasonably slim profile and is indeed something you could slip into a laptop bag, though it is about 3/4" thick at the zipper and this may give you grief if clearance is tight.When you unzip it the spring-loaded flap pops open. Underneath the fabric are plastic panels - a large one for the desk surface and a smaller one for the riser.  The fabric is permanently attached and a span of fabric on the bottom keeps the riser panel from going back too far.The first issue I had was that I could not find a stable position for my laptop on the desk.  If I placed it wholly on the desk, it wobbled significantly and did not sit flat.  I eventually found a position where the front edge of the laptop rested on the table and the back edge was on the rubber pads, but it kept slipping off from here.  Typing was complicated by the laptop bouncing with each keypress - the fabric allows the riser to angle back a bit when pressed.Ok, this is billed as a "lap desk".  How does it do for that?  Not well.  I am very long-legged, and the back riser just barely comes in past my knees. It does work for this purpose and I suppose it's better than nothing at keeping the heat off your lap, but it felt precarious to me. If you are shorter, you may find it falling off your lap.  And it's still bouncy.However, I have to call "foul" on the claim of ventilation.  There is none.  While the fabric covering looks very "hole-ly", it is sitting on a solid plastic panel with only a few tiny holes in it.  Any ventilation you get is due to the laptop (hopefully) sitting on the rubber pads.  If it instead is sitting flat on the desk, then the fabric probably does more harm than good.If you routinely travel with a laptop and use it on your lap, rather than a table or desk, then you may find the Targus Slim Lap Desk useful. But if your lap use is mainly at home, I'd suggest something like theBelkin Cushdeskinstead.
I was pleased to get these because I am always looking for ink pens that write well.  At first use, these pens glide very easily on the paper which is a "joy."  Unfortunately, every pen (there are 4 in the package) leaves little globules of ink when writing.  I tried them again and again, hoping it was because they were new and the situation would work itself out - but no. After writing with them extensively, each color leaves tiny little blobs in the ink strokes.  They really aren't as advertised.  No joy instead of Inkjoy.  I can't recommend them.
These pens are too thin for me, they kept slipping out of my fingers while writing.  Also, it left blobs of ink every few strokes, it smeared quite easily.  I would not recommend these pens.  Also on several upstrokes it would not write at all. It did not write on glossy papaer so not good for scrapbookers.
In their eagerness to avoid lawsuits and setting customers on fire, the people at Fellowes have created a heated footrest that doesn't particularly work. Bulky, unattractive, exuding the heat of a used oven mitt, this Heat and Slide Footrest is an almost total misfire. Read on for the details:APPEARANCE/ADJUSTABILITY: Cumbersome and ugly. The footrest is relatively lightweight, which is nice. The adjustable top is jerky but does stay in place fairly well.HEAT: On top of the unit is best, with a distinct heat emitting from most of the surface. The only problem is, you are supposed to wear your shoes (see photo at top of product page), according to their instructions. Through shoes you are not going to feel this level of heat, and the "massage" bumps are meaningless. Underneath the unit there is almost no heat whatsoever, despite the promises of the product page. Pretty much nothing is happening (sparking my sister to wonder if our unit came broken. I don't think so, as other reviewers noted the same problem.)So there you have it. Use it as they tell you to, and it won't work. There are better heated footrests on the market and so there is no point to wasting money on this one. More or less useless, and rating:GRADE: DIt also makes a weird snapping noise from time to time.
I was really excited for this footrest. My feet are always cold at work. I have an electric radiator under my desk, but frequently I'll be too warm, but my feet will *still* be cold. This seemed like a great solution.Unfortunately, while the surface of the footrest gets vaguely warm, none of that heat seems to penetrate my shoes/boots, whether my feet or above or below the footrest. It's also not comfortable for me to have my feet on top -- it's too high -- and if I'm wearing any kind of heel, my feet don't really fit very far under -- too low.I loved the idea of this, but it just didn't work for me at all.
These are awkward, and not noticeably better that regular scissors for household use. Maybe if I worked in a hospital, it would make a difference.
these are big and bulky and in no way would they be comfortable being in my scrub pocket. they have been relegated to my desk or my backpack. they are bulky in my hand bc they are just so oversized. they do cut well even though they are about as flimsy as some scissors i bought at the dollar store.
I highly recommend the current 1 star review, along with the 3 star reviews of this product.  My somewhat limited testing shows agreement with several of these other reviewers in that the ink did not flow and "attach" to metal canning lids (other Sharpie markers have done fine), and in fact the new Sharpies  "feathered/bled" on the metal lids, as though the lids were wet (they were not).  This marker did seem to work ok on a plastic milk bottle, although after 15 minutes some of the ink did partially rub off with a paper towel.But the problems with this 'brush tip' design go beyond the above issues.  I find this pen's plastic body to be too thick, as others have mentioned, plus the fine rounded tip seems too delicate and I suspect it won't last.  As for the ability to make markings with different thicknesses with these pens,  this variability is not as great as I expected, plus it is difficult to control your line thickness because of the fragile nature of the brush/marking tip.The colors do seem to be quite acceptable,  but I would definitely not recommend these markers for normal art work.  On the other hand, they bled on my metal canning top and the result was totally unacceptable, so the ink isn't what I would call permanent, either.  And they smell like all permanent marking pens, which makes me (as a consumer) wonder just how safe they are.You definitely don't want your kids around these pens, and in general I don't think this new design meets the normally high Sharpie standards. I would not buy these pens in the future, even though I normally have liked Sharpie products.
The good:-- You've got stuff that could be usefully and cleverly stored in these pockets - documents you want to display and protect without permanently covering in lamination (or harming by the heat of lamination), notes you want to carry in that binder, an inventory list on a storage box...there are times when a removable label or tape just doesn't fit the bill, and if you have the occasional obsessive/compulsive organizational urge, these little pockets will definitely scratch the itch.-- Price.  You can find similar pockets on Amazon from other manufacturers, only many of these are close to twice the price of the Smeads.-- The pockets adhere clearly - if positioned on another clear, they are practically invisible!-- No bubbling of the clear backing, at least on smooth surfaces - this was something that worried me, but I don't see it in the binder or on the clear storage box.The not-so-good:-- The removable backing adhering to the sticky surface is a little fiddly.  Once the backing is removed, complete lack of rigidity can make the product awkward to position and apply to a surface.  (Pockets with plasticized or vinyl backing, white perhaps less aesthetically appealing, are easier to work with.)-- The pocket is very "tight", and in fact it can be tough to open, giving me concerns that I will damage it just trying to get papers in and out.  This isn't an uncommon concern for similar products - I previously had a chance to usePost-it(R) Pockets, Multi-pack Clear Dotted Pattern (PRBL-CR), and many buyers complain similarly about that item.  However, the Smeads are an order of magnitude more difficult to open and fill with papers, and although the documentation states that each pocket will hold "up to" 12 pages, I couldn't get more than a few 20 lb weight multi-purpose paper thicknesses in easily.-- The pocket, once positioned, is permanent.  Again, I have to give the edge to products like the Post-it Pockets, which can be repositioned, and also can be removed from most surfaces cleanly without damage to that surface.-- There are lots of less pricy alternatives to this kind of pocket.  Binder punched pages with clear photo/scrapbooking pockets are a possibility, but you can even McGyver a cheapie solution such as usingAvery Diamond Clear Heavyweight Sheet Protectors, Acid Free, Pack of 25 (75304)andScotch Restickable Tabs, 0.5 Inch squares, 72 Tabs (R103), if you really need a clear pocket adhered to your file folder or your cabinet door.  (I've tried that successfully, but will hasten to warn that sheet protectors -- thinner ones especially -- will tend to have a cosmetic issue of puckering and wrinkling with this kind of use.  Also, you may have to buy more quantity than you need to enjoy the "per unit" savings.)For me, this product's cost/benefit ratio doesn't work, but if you really need permanent, nearly invisible pockets for smooth surfaces, Smead Self-Adhesive Poly Pockets might be 5 stars for you.
This is a tough one - I've always liked Canon printers and other products, and was anticipating liking this one. However, there were issues. I should preface this with the fact that I've been working on and around computers for two decades, building a ton of local networks both in home and work environments, and have experience in all three major OS platforms (Mac, Windows, Linux). I've also been building my own computers for about 15 years. I only mention that to let you know I'm not a neophyte when it comes to getting equipment running.I decided to put it on a wireless network and try to print from a Windows 8 computer. While it got on the network just fine, the printing process was a bear. I continually got error messages saying that the printer had an issue, and checking the display on the printer itself yielded no help, just a message saying "please wait a minute."Trying to install the software was equally daunting: it kept erroring and telling me the driver was already in use (I assume that would have been the stock Windows 8 driver), but despite quitting all programs and repeatedly restarting, I was unable to get past that error message and thus could not install the included drivers.There is a Windows 8 app for it, but the only option (despite it being billed as a control app) was to click a button for support, which opened up a web browser. Ugh.I finally did get it to print some basic documents, and the quality was fine I suppose, but when I tried to print a photo it errored again and would not print at all. I should mention that during the trouble-shooting I tried hard-wiring it as well, same issues.As I mentioned in the title, there's also no paper drawer (yes, I'm sure that you could figure that out if you looked closely - I'm betting most people don't realize it until it's un-boxed thought) - you leave a large flap hanging open in the front, with the paper on that tray sticking out (and getting dusty - if someone doesn't walk into it first), which kills its small footprint.Because of all the problems with it, I hesitated to review it - but that's the point, no? I was so burned out trying to get it to function well that I walked away in disgust once I got it doing some basic doc printing.NOTE: I did not test it in a Windows 7 or Mac environment, so it may be stellar in those situations.Like I said, I'm a fan of Canon products and have had quite a few in the past I've been happy with. This one though, at least in my set up, was a dog.
There is quite a bit I did not care for with this printer.  After installation and testing, these are my takes:* Upon opening, you will discover the paper storage is not enclosed in a tray.  In fact, there is no paper tray, just a slot to slide the paper into after the front panel is lowered.  The paper then pokes out the front of the printer to collect dust.  Eventually, the dust travelling on the paper into the printer will likely affect paper feed and print quality.  Also, the front of the printer must remain open while there is paper inserted in the printer.* The footprint of the printer, even without paper inserted and the front panel opened, is large.  Similar sized printers have concealed paper trays.* The display is two line and, more importantly, not backlit.* The menus on the display are not intuitive to navigate* Setting up Wi-Fi via the display proved to be unfriendly and time consuming given there were absolutely no printed directions.  I gave up and elected to do it after the software installation via the software interface like the quick start instructions suggested.  So, I chose USB during install - thinking I could then configure wireless.  Wrong choice (see below).* After installation - I had EIGHT new icons on my desktop without any choice during installation.* Once the printer installed via USB, I could not connect using Wi-Fi.  The program the user manual states to launch to configure wireless - the "IJ Network" utility - had not been installed.* No printed directions were included for information as fundamental as describing what the pretty little pictures on the unlabeled buttons on the front of the printer mean.* The biggest deal breaker is the lack of choice on which drive 400 PLUS megabytes of software installs itself.  I kept expecting the installation wizard to give me a choice but instead it started installing all of the software to the C drive with no ability to cancel the process.I installed this printer on a fast gaming rig with a solid state boot drive I keep clean from excess software.  I have a huge secondary drive onto which I install programs such as these from Canon.  I resent that the Canon programs and utilities automatically installed to my boot drive thus taking up quite a bit of valuable real-estate on my SSD.  I really, really resent having to now explore how to uninstall all of these Canon utilities and reinstall the software I was using for my other Canon printer onto the correct drive.  I have installed many printers - including other Canon printers.  I build my own PCs.  I have worked as a network administrator in the past.  I have a bit of tech knowhow.  But I am truly annoyed at the amount of time and effort a simple printer install has taken - and I am not finished yet.For a wireless printer in my upstairs work area, I recently installed anEpson WorkForce 630 Color Inkjet All-in-One (C11CB07201)with more features, a more solid build, a smaller foot print, a real paper tray and separate ink tanks for color printing - all for about the same price as this Canon.  The Epson also has a memory card reader and faster print speeds.  The Epson install was not without a hiccup but was much easier than the MX 432 has turned out to be.On the plus side, the quality of the printing and scanning on the MX 432 are good.  Nothing "OMG its great" but adequate and what is expected at the price point.  The software interface is good and with a similar feel to previous Canon releases for their multi-function units.  Another plus, the new software seems to work fine with my older MP 830, which will remain my main printer.Overall, I would pick the Epson Workforce 630 hands down over the Canon MX 432 for this price range.  I hate to pan the printer; I still love and use my Canon MP830.  But this model is a definite "pass."
Nine month update:After nine months of use, this printer has not stood up well to the test of even light household printing tasks. It is chronically afflicted with difficult-to-clear paper jams and print cartridges require regular  alignment/nozzle cleaning. Consider other options for your all-in-one printing needs.Original review follows below:-----Overall --and especially at the nicely discounted price as I write this review-- this is a decently performing all-in-one. No major issues noted with any of the print, fax or copy functions. However, I was not able to use the scan functions using either WiFi or ethernet connections. Attempts at both yielded error messages from the scanner software that simply provided a laundry list of all possible problems ("the printer is not connected to the network...") while doing nothing to diagnose the actual problem. These disappeared and scanning was successful when I used a USB cable instead of either wireless or ethernet connectivity for scanning. Go figure.PROS:-Relatively easy set-up. Although documentation is limited to a quick start guide for printer unpacking and set-up, the printer offers sufficient additional detail both from its own LCD menu display and from the included utility software.-Copy and fax functions are simple and intuitive.-Double sided printing is possible without having to manually turn the paper over...yes!-Easily adjustable paper guides.-Relatively quiet operation free of harsh printer head movements.-Satisfactory text and photo hardcopy quality.CONS:-Unable to scan via ethernet or Wifi; had to use a USB cable to complete scan jobs.-Limited scanner output options (.jpg or .pdf).-Scan to email option supports creating attachments direct to Outlook only.-Complicated menu options for switching between wired and wireless network options.-Glossy black surface is dust and fingerprint magnet.IF you have a non-negotiable requirement to scan via an wireless or ethernet connection, then this all-in-one may not be for you. But if you're willing to default to a USB connection: at this price, it's hard to go wrong.
First off the design of this printer is nice, it looks like a piece of art, too bad it's a piece of junk... The cons: this is the second Canon I've owned in two years, Canon printers tend to permanently clog if you don't use them for a couple of weeks and there is no way to clean them if they get to a certain point, it's huge because of it's cool design, it takes up alot of room. The ADF feed is touchy and tends to jam all of the time. I've had it with having to buy a new printer on a yearly basis. Hopefully the brand I just bought will work better.
Been using - or trying to use - this for a few months.While it functions as a decent photo printer, several of the other functions desired in printer are average or fall short:- Prints well, good quality... but that's on par with everything else nowadays so nothing special- Larger footprint on desk than competitive printers, and when you have a small space for your home office area this DOES matter.- Poor UI on printer, overly complicated, VERY poorly laid out buttons- Software, particularly for scanning, is EXTREMELY poor compared to, for example, Epson's offerings. This was the deal breaker for this printer.- Setup instructions not well written either.Overall, at the price point it's a decent printer, but don't expect to be wow'd because it has the Canon name attached to it.
This review is ONLY about the cell - to handset connection quality.I bought this set to replace a previous Panasonic set that had developed battery problems. The connection time between the handset and the cell is very laggy. You may have to say "Hello" three or four times before the other caller can hear you and vice versa. Speaker phone mode is impossible to use as the call cuts in and out. If you sit in one place and don't move around, the connection (once complete) is acceptable. You MUST use the off button on the handset to terminate the call. Placing the handset in the cradle will disconnect the bluetooth connection and require you to reconnect the devices. On the plus side, it did support the older Nokia 5310 I had as well as my newer iPhone. I ended up replacing this set after just a few months due to these annoyances.
This binder is too flexible for my needs.  I did not realize it would not be stiff - everything gets mushed in it and nothing stays neat and tidy.
I've been such a sucker for these Five Star products, but this is one just isn't what I was expecting.  The removable binder rings are a nice touch, but there's absolutely no support / backing / firmness to this binder.  It's only a large fabric zipper pouch with additional pockets.Maybe I'm wanting too much because you can place a spiral notebook into the back and have additional capacity for notebook paper, but I really think there's not enough support to be truly useful.
This product tries to do too much and really fails to do anything well. The removable binder is clunky at best and doesn't work well either as a binder or when removed. The outer jacket is a flexy plastic material, not the hard cover that you would expect on a binder, and thus lacks the protection and durability of a real binder. The pockets in the jacket are useful, but would be even more useful if the jacket was a padded hardcover, not the flexy soft shell. They really should have made 2 separate products, with and without the binder feature, since this removable binder that barely works is the worst of both worlds.
At first glance, the Five Star Customizable Binder with Removable Fixture looks like a good idea. It is a zippered sleeve, essentially, that contains a one-inch ring binder mechanism attached by Velcro to its interior, so a user could make this product a soft ring binder, if desired. However, it has a number of other features that defeat that use. First of all, it has a number of pockets: it has a large zippered pocket on the front; opening the item, on the left side are two pockets, one that secures shut with a Velcro strap, and another mesh one that zips shut; the inside back has a large pocket that does not secure, but it has a loop to place a pen or pencil. None of these pockets has any protective padding--one could put a cell phone in it, but it would suffer should this binder get dropped or crushed--meaning that these things will keep stuff in one place, but not keep them safe. Now, adding pages to write on makes the matter even more complicated; if you need a flat writing surface, you cannot use the pockets. However, if one were to get a spiral notebook with a heavy, rigid backing board, one could slip that backing board into the large vertical pocket on the inside right, making the top remaining pages suitably supported for writing. I cannot recommend this item; it attempts to fulfill too many needs, and it fails consistently.
I ordered this for my daughter to organize her work but didn't realize that the binder is actually soft.  There are no hard side and it bends, folds and rolls up.  This isn't the best thing for a Jr High kid that crams things in a locker and she really didn't like it.  The 3 ring feature is removable and it has pockets on the inside and on the outside.  It's a great quality fabric like all 5 Star zippered products.  Just make sure you know it's not a hard 'normal' 5 Star binder.
I am an artist that does a lot of drawing and I got these to try. The pencil part is nice and the lead seems to be sturdy and easy to use. The erasers on the other hand are insanely useless. Any amount of erasing other than the lightest bit causes the eraser to fall out of the pencil. When you reinsert it, the lead clicks out wasting the pencil. I finally gave up using the eraser after it fell out and bounced under my studio table.
It's easy to find boxes from all of my online orders that I get and other resources like that for moving or packing but hard to find, unusual shapes like pictures or mirrors can be hard to know exactly how to pack. In the past, we've just used blankets and taped them around our pictures and mirrors so I thought the Bankers Box Smooth Move mirror/picture boxes would be great for that purpose.I'll be the first to admit that I am one that has a hard time assembling together those document Banker boxes that we have to get for our files but at least they come with instructions. These mirror/picture boxes come with no instructions whatsoever. Inside the packing box are folded sheets of cardboard which you have to combine together and basically make your own boxes with your own tape. On the upside that allows the box to be adjustable but everything besides that is aggravating. As me and my husband are trying to assemble these boxes, we just keep saying this is so stupid, why didn't they come assembled already. You'll also need to supply other packing materials like bubble wrap, etc.It would be cheaper just to buy sheets of cardboard and make your own boxes, it wouldn't be much different from what you get in this set.
I am moving soon, so I needed some boxes to pack up my framed pictures and other art.  The SmoothMove boxes are a good size, but have a lot of flaws.  I prefer boxes to already be put together before I get them, so I can simply fold them open, tape the bottom, and that's it.  The SmoothMove boxes were not so simple to assemble.You take two pieces of cardboard, awkwardly place them together (I needed somebody else to hold one piece, so it wouldn't fall), then tape up three sides.  It would have been so much easier if I could have just taped the bottom, as with most folded boxes.  Moving is irritating enough without the added annoyance of having to assemble awkward boxes.  They're also really overpriced.If you don't want to pay $40 for a few boxes, go to liquor stores, restaurants, etc. and ask for their leftover boxes.  I've moved A LOT in my life, and this is what I always do.  The store clerks I've asked are always nice about it and are more than happy to give me free boxes.  You can also check the free section on Craigslist for people giving away moving boxes.
I was hoping for something a bit sturdier to use as a temporary closet for my boys. The hanging bar doesn't allow the plastic hangers I have to sit on the bar and then for the lid to close the box tightly.  My smaller child sized plastic hangers don't work either.  If you plan on using these you'll need the old fashioned metal hangers.On a happier note once you're done using them for practical purposes, your children will LOVE them for playtime fun.  I prefer water tight Rubbermaid totes for my storage needs (ones that have a lifetime guarantee).FYI This box of three is super heavy!
This Smead MO File Box arrives collapsed in one flat piece, and you are supposed to open it into a box, and the bottom is supposed to interlock into a flat piece that would make for a solid surface to rest on the floor. Except it doesn't. I finally gave up, cut the interlocking pieces that were not cooperating, and used packing tape to keep it together. A better design might have been along the lines of the 12" Priority Mail USPS box formula, which is approximately the same size.It's far from sturdy, but I will use it in a modified form (I also cut the flap off, which didn't seem to be making much sense either). I'm a collage artist (messy business!) and am always eager to find a "better mousetrap" to keep my hundreds of file folders in order and at hand. This is definitely not a better mousetrap, but does hold up to 8 of my paper-filled folders, so will be of some use.The current price is ridiculous. It would be slightly overpriced at $4.99. I cannot imagine what the profit margin must be on this product. That is of course, if it sells. If you really think you need this Smead File Box, wait for the clearance price. It surely won't be long coming.
My office is a total mess and I was hoping the Smead MO File Box would help me out.  While the concept of the box design is nice and functional, I wish it was sturdier.  It is made of a thicker more durable cardboard, but it is still just cardboard.  If this were to just sit on my desk it would last but with the carrying handles it seems like it is meant to be carried around and by doing that it is not going to last as long.  For a temporary or quick solution, this would be great, but for long term I'd pass.  Maybe if you are going to store documents in this and then store in a filing cabinet, this would be helpful.  Overall, for me I would have preferred a sturdier model especially for the $10 cost.